This place made me a foodie.The entrees are not where it' at though. I stick with the dim sum and appetizers.Everything on the dim sum menu rocks my world... although I do have to admit that the edamame dumplings weren't that exciting to me the first time around. I agree with other yelpers that it did remind me of mashed potato dumplings HOWEVER don't give up on them yet. I had them a second time and all of a sudden it made sense! The inside was so luxuriously creamy that it went beyond mashed potato and into a creamy dream. I'm not sure if they weren't made right the first time or if I needed to learn the magical ways of the edamame dumpling but I assure you... they are worth a second chance! They change the menu around but last time I ate there they had the jade shrimp dumplings... perfection! They are steamed, light, and juicy.Tuna tartar egg rolls are so rich that I recommend sharing the app with others although I will say that the concept of a tuna tartar egg roll is genius. The crispy crunchy outside is in every bite as opposed to the traditional crunchy garnish of other tartars.The spicy rock shrimp: again very rich and thus good to share. I love the micro cilantro that they used to garnish... it adds a really fresh note to the mix.Pecking duck salad... oh how I love thee. I can't tell you how many times I've eaten this salad. The frisee is dressed perfectly with a light citrus vinegarette and topped with a creamy poached egg and perfectly cooked duck. So perfect. Words just can't.The fried rice options are all fine but nothing to write home about: The veggie fried rice has a fun peanut foam that kicks up the flavor level a bit.The noodles are a better bet in the flavor department: The wild mushroom chow fun is a solid noodle dish. The cocktails are WOW. They taste great and pack a punch. The Charm and Tranquility have been around the longest. I prefer the tranquility to the charm personally.Service: let's just say that I can see myself being friends with the servers here. They are personable, friendly, and professional.Decor: ok ok it is a bit much. BUT how many times to do you look around your drab apartment and think OMG I NEED to get out of this house it looks like a crazy person's house... The decor at Buddakan takes you away. Maybe to a different kind of crazy... like the mansion of an eccentric Chinese emperor who designed his home in the shape of an outrageously dark maze... none the less, it wows. And I bet it looks better than the apartment you got going on.Word to the wise: do not go here on a weekend night!! Try Sunday or Monday.Had an amazing experience. Absolutely loved the ambience. Sexy romantic and cool. The food I would give four and a half stars but overall I had to make it five.We ordered the, hoisin glazed pork belly (good),  chilli rock shrimp (amazing),  scallion pancakes with short rib(ok) boneless spare ribs. For dessert we ordered crying chocolate cake. The way it was presented and the cake itself with the gooey inside and crisp outside was delicious but I would have preferred some other ice-cream other than coffee.Come here for: General Tso meets Alice in Wonderland._____________You know the pretty girl in school who tried way too hard to convince you that she was smart, too? That's kind of the impression I got from Buddakan, only in reverse: There's some smart cooking going on here, but it tends to get overpowered by management's desperate desire to be sexy or hip.From the cool, minimalist entry to the cavernous bar to the four distinct dining areas, nothing really hangs together. Over there is a dark little love nest. Around the corner is a library filled with golden tomes. And down the sweeping staircase is a two-story ballroom lined with carved wood paneling and shiny lacquer screens. I felt like I was trapped inside an Ian Schrager sex dream after the poor man gorged himself on egg rolls.In the midst of all this visual overload, it was hard to focus on the food -- and that's a shame, because the menu offered a terrific variety of classic Chinese dishes with a modern twist. We enjoyed the chili rock shrimp, black pepper beef, and king crab hot pot, but for us, the real standout was the General Tsos dumplings filled with a hot & sour broth that just exploded in your mouth and left a lingering finish, like a fine wine.With a half dozen types of dumplings on the menu, I'd be tempted to come back and make a meal of the dim sum, except that there were so many entrees I hated to pass up. (I've already settled on tea smoked sesame beef and kung pao monkfish for next time.) This isn't superb Chinese, but it's very, very good. Next time, I'm going to ask for seating in the bar area, where I don't have to put up with the visual assault. In that setting, when I can really concentrate on the food, I might even award a fourth star.This place is totally rock star..... Super hip, cool, trendy, but not douchie.... Dress cool... Guys in nice shirts and jeans or slacks, ladies in hot dresses and heels. Food is fantastic. King crab sticky rice and duck fried rice were delicious. Kung pao monk fish is a signature item and not to be missed. If you are in NY on a visit or live here and want to impress your friends or out of town guests, you won't miss by choosing Buddakan.Atmosphere: 5/5Service: 5/5Food: 2/5First thought: "Wow, this place is sexy."Service was awesome. You would expect the staff to be snooty and hoity-toity in such an establishment... However, they were actually pretty chill. It was pouring rain and my friend ran here in her shower flip-flops, heels in hand. When we left, she accidentally abandoned those dirty little things underneath the table and one of the male staff excitedly told us, "dude that's awesome--no one's ever done that before!" and got us a bag to put them in. Ha ha ha.Food was the deal-breaker in my book. We had ten people and I think we all agreed that the food was sub-par. Edamame Dumplings: we all thought it tasted like mashed potatoes...Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly Buns: the best part of our meal--delicious!Lobster Fried Rice: not good, it left a weird after-taste in my mouthDungeoness Crab Sticky Rice: salty and "meh"Cocktails were strong and yummy. I had the Longevity cocktail.AHH! Buddakan, I REALLY wanted to love you! :/What can one say to add to the greatness of this place?This place is GREAT. End of story. The food's amazing and yeah, it's pricey, but listen, you already know what you are getting into when you make a reservation there.Atmosphere is fun (although loud), but OH MAN THE FOOD. It's freaking amazing. Let me start with apps. The edamame dumplings are to die for and you need to order 4 orders of them. I'm serious. Any extras you can take home if you want. Also got some spring rolls, which were great too, but just pretty normal tasting.The fish here is fantastic! Got the Cantonese Steamed Sole and it was perfection. So so good. Also got some noodles, which were good, and the veggie rice with saffron which was FANTASTIC.The whole time, the service was totally fantastic and I'll totally be back. Of course, yah, this is a chain place and there's not a lot of CHARACTER, but who the f cares if you are getting super quality tasting food. If you want upscale Chinese, GO HERE NOW. And don't look back.From the moment you walk in you can tell that this is a very classy high end restaurant ! Amazing food , not too happy with the drinks . Excellent service ! Would definitely go back ! Advance reservations it's a must ! Oh and the scallions are to die for !Based on our experience, I can't give Buddakan fewer than 5 stars. It is one sexy joint! We came on a Saturday for an 8 pm reservation and were seated within 5 minutes. Our server was attentive and very knowledgeable about the menu. I noticed some folks saying this is not authentic Chinese food, yada yada. Well I don't think this is meant to be the Chinatown experience here. The food is more like high-end Asian fusion. I thought it was fabulous. We had lobster and crab shiu mai to start. They didn't look like the shiu mai you get at dim sum - this was way prettier and less greasy. Delicious. For the entree, my husband had the beef short ribs on top of some chow fun noodles. The beef simply slipped off the bones - very tender and moist. I had the Singapore Chilli King Crab. Being a Singapore girl, I wouldn't say it was like the chilli crab in Singapore, but the overall flavor was similar and without having that "I'm from Singapore so I should know" bias, it was by itself delicious! I balked at the price initially but when the dish came I was pleasantly surprised by how much crab meat it had! It was not messy to eat either (like real Singapore chilli crab). Really idiot-proof. Dessert was gorgeous and luscious: "Crying Chocolate," a molten chocolate cake with Vietnamese coffee ice cream. If I could say one less-than-positive thing, it's that it is very loud in there with dance/house music. That is just the nature of the place and that is why it is so damn sexy, with beautiful people galore. I'm probably just getting old is all. There is a really long table downstairs that looks amazing for groups, only no one would be able to hear each other much. Anyway, this place is great for date night or a night out on the prowl! Meeeoww!Our experience at Buddakan was amazing!!! Everything we ordered was awesome! General Tso's Dumplings were our favorite and we actually had to add two more orders we loved them so much. The main courses were all great, from the Charred Filet of Beef, Black Pepper Beef, Kung Pao Monkfish to the Sweet and Crispy Shrimp. The atmosphere was excellent! The service we received from Katie was top notch!Wanted to check this place out because it looked sexy ;)Decor wise, it's pretty and interesting. We were in the sexy library. It's more across the table seating kind of place, no same side sitting, and close to other tables. Server was friendly, and I enjoyed the crystal. Food wise, it's ok. I tried a bite of everything, but felt like id had 100 bites! It's heavy type of food. Flavor and texture is just ok. Best thing was edemame dumplings. PS: Probably won't go back to eat, but maybe good 4 drinks upstairs in lounge. I did enjoy the sexy design of all the different rooms.I absolutely love Buddakan !!! Every room has its own unique design and decor. Every single thing we tried was delicious and the drinks are all tasty. The duck was some of the best I've had. Every dish was presented beautifully. The waitstaff was super patient when part of our party was running late. I expected the bill to be much higher than it was based on the quality. Yes it's pricey, but so worth it. I would have gladly paid more. My only gripe is that our server dropped a drink and it spilled on the table. I think the restaurant should have offered us something as a courtesy. However, this is still one of my favorite dining experiences, ever. Definitely a step above Tao...with one exception, the Lychee Martini at Tao is still the best I've had.Buddakan is incredible.  The food is fantastic and the service is excellent, but the space itself is a spectacle on its own.  I came here to celebrate my birthday with a friend visiting from out of town, and we were both awestruck by the entire place.We both shared the appetizer combo, the sweet and sour scallops, duck friend rice, and the asian greens.  Everything tasted perfect.  If you have an occasion to celebrate, or just want to have a swanky night out, Buddakan is the place for you.This is one of those places that offers more ambiance than it does a great menu. I went for a friend's birthday party and while I definitely enjoyed my time, I know I have had far better food (at varying but overall lower price points).We were a group of 7 that ordered the medium tasting menu and left feeling quite full. I keep pescetarian for the most part and I found that the tasting menu had enough options for me. I had the edamame dumplings (which were great, just like all the reviews on this page say they are), chili rock shrimp (fantastic!!! my new favorite dish to order when I go out to eat Chinese), a sweet sauce glazed cod, and some lobster fried rice. I was less impressed by the dessert, as the flavors were really sharp and my favorite dessert (almond bread pudding), which tasted great, was not true to its description. I would probably come back here but definitely only to get either just dessert or appetizers.I was impressed on so many levels with this restaurant. I rarely give 5-stars, but this restaurant merits this prestigious rating. It was an incredible overall dining experience, and I will certainly be going back when I'm in the city. Allow me to expound on this:The space itself was jaw dropping. The entrance was so sublime and understated, but when you entered the interior, the sheer size and impeccable and expertly designed interior will impress even the pickiest of diners. The restaurant is so huge that they have dining options for every type, whether you want a small, intimate room setting, an upbeat, trendy room, or a large, vaulted ceiling space with large, communal tables. The choices are seemingly endless. The ambience was perfect. The lighting was well thought out, and was neither too dim, nor too bright, and the addition of candles everywhere greatly added to the "sexy" feel of the restaurant. The music was also well-selected, and the volume was perfect! The food was so impressive here, and prepared very well. The presentation was exquisite. We had a question about one of our meals being perhaps a bit too cold, and they sent out the manager to apologize, and promptly took it off the bill! Their customer service was impeccable, from the waiters to the management...this restaurant is well run, and they truly care about their patrons. Ok...price: this restaurant is not cheap. You will pay more for a cocktail than you would for a full meal at Applebee's,  but...it is totally worth the money. I guarantee you you will not have as enjoyable a night at a chain restaurant as you will here. I left there with a smile on my face, and wanting to get back there.  If you're in town with friends, or out on a great date, make this your restaurant; you won't regret it. The word I'd use to describe this restaurant is "sexy". It's basically the restaurant equivalent of a beautiful, sexy, mysterious Brazilian woman. It will leave you with a smile on your face, and craving more.Very good food!Dim lighting. Trendy.Enjoyed the evening!I would definitely recommend.If you for whatever reason only end up here for drinks, you must get the edamame dumplings!  Sounds weird, right?  I thought so too, but omgggg they were sooooo yummy, especially with a hint of truffle oil too.  The other dish I really loved was the Peking duck salad.  The atmosphere is neat - dim with low lights and awesomely formed wax candles.  It's a high-end Asian fusion restaurant.  The door to the restaurant is pretty discrete, but once you get in it's like Alice in Wonderland...it's a huge restaurant!  They have two pretty big bar areas and the restaurant expands to upstairs.  The service was pretty good.  I'd go here again when visiting NYC.Food is always consistent! I take all my fav people here. Its a MUST when you are in NY! Only downside, if its busy (even with a reservation) you have to wait sometimes 30-45 minutes.I went in for lunch last time however, the staff was kind, attentive and brought the food out in a timely manner.  Food is on the pricier side but not expensive, you get quality food and service - so why not.Ambiance is perfection. The chilli rock shrimp, the lamb, crying chocolate...EVERYTHING!Taking a friend here for her birthday next!TREAT yourself for once!! SERIOUSLY.Been here twice on two dates. First time I sat at the bar area and had drinks and appetizers, second time, had a full dinner. every dish I had was very good, drinks were strong and service was good. It gets pretty crowded, so would definitely suggest reservations, nice overall vibe and dining experience. Can't wait to go back.Service: sporadic, but not too slowAtmosphere: fun but very loud during dinner, not ideal for catching upFood: delicious asian fusion! It's hard to find well-made Asian dishes in NYC, but Buddakan has a great modern twist on traditional Asian dishes. I especially loved the pork belly buns (dim sum, some pictures on my instagram: LorainneMarie). The pork was very tender and it served with soft warm buns. However, the lobster fried rice was nothing special. For a truly authentic fried rice, order the chinese sausage fried rice.The best part is dessert. I haven't ordered a dessert here that I didn't like.I came here to celebrate my birthday with friends, and was seated next to the big dinning room table, which was the perfect place to look upon the restaurant.I ordered the szechwan dumplings, however I was quite disappointed by them - in all honestly I'd much prefer the soup dumplings from Shanghai Joe's in chinatown, as these were very underwhelming and there was way too much spring onion sprinkled on them. For my entree i had the sizzling short rib which was great! Now this I would come back for. Very delicious! My guests were impressed by the ambiance and decor of the restaurant. Good service and a nice place for a special occasion.Family style dining in a surreal, beautiful, ambience sets the tone for this restaurant. Once you have adjusted to the interior beauty and uniqueness, you get blown away all over again by the drink and food. I had a fantastic bartender "Jonathan" who helped me make a drink selection and I stuck with it the rest of the night becauseIt was that good. The drink was called Tranquility, and it was delicious. Our table went crazy ordering food; edamame dumplings, chili shrimp, scallion pancakes, duck, pork belly, noodles, ribs, etc. each dish was savory, delicious and perfectly prepared. Then we rocked it out on dessert (told you we went crazy) and had the carrot cake, chocolate cake, etc. Great dining experience, do it if you can!Great decor and presentation. The portions were small and expensive and served colder than expected considering they tout bringing out orders when the are ready. Had to wait over 10 minutes between dishes ordered at the same time.Nice atmosphere. Too dim for my liking. If it's dark enough that I need to pull out my phone as a flashlight to read the menu, it's too dark for me. Might also have something to do with the fact that I was hungover from drinking earlier on in the day. Food was honestly disappointing. The fried rice dishes tasted just like Chinese takeout and the ever-so-popular edamame dumplings tasted like mashed potatoes; not sure what all the rave was about. My fave dish was the lobster that was drenched in a cheesy and buttery sauce..Partied at Marquee afterwards and my day time drinking combined with dinner at Buddakan gave me the serious runs....(tmi?)BIGGEST DISAPPOINTMENT: NO 50 FT. BUDDHA. May not be a big deal to some, but I was hoping to be seated by the big buddha shown in the Google images when you type in 'Buddakan nyc'...This is the kind of place you go and the interior blows you away. It's hard to describe the place - kind of like a upscale dungeon, but the details in the restaurant are spot on. If you want to impress someone, this is one of the places you take them too. I just wish I could say the same thing about the food. The cuisine is modern Asian, and none of the dishes were too extraordinary. Service is good, and just the atmosphere in general is very well done. It's a good date spot, or a birthday dinner kind of place. Good for celebrating special occasions.I have heard so many great things about this place and honestly I was so disappointed with everything! First it was incredibly hard to find reservations and finally after months, they were able to accommodate us.The menu is very slim and pricy. We asked our server for some recommendations and she did. We ordered the adamame dumplings which was highly recommended but they were so overrated save your self money and don't get them. The spicy shrimps were 2/10 at best. The best was the generals dumplings with we're amazing and must try. We got the pulled chicken and spicy fish and Mongolian lamb chop. The meat was tender and was about 7/10. I mean the service was great and no questions about the ambience but that's all you're paying for. The food is below average at best. Save yourself money and check out Tao or spice market both of which are amazing, cheaper and food is ten times better than buddhakan.Excellent ambience  and food!A restaurant very dear to my heart. Celebrated quite a few special occasions here :) What appears to be a very nonchalant look from outside, turns into an impressive, full scale restaurant from the moment you walk through the doors. Dimmed lighting and beautiful décor set the right mood for the night.   The service has always been very good and we have typically been seated within 15 minutes of our reservation. Albeit, enjoying drinks at the bar while waiting is always a good start to the night. Food is amazing. Just the right size portions. I mostly always order Filet Mignon, which melts in your mouth but their seafood dishes are just as scrumptious. Highly suggest it for special occasions, or the night out on a town. Will most definitely be back here!Nice, polite staff.  I always "worry" about a place like this being pretentious, but it wasn't.  We made a reservation a week or so ahead of time, and didn't wait at all.  I highly recommend ordering the general tso dumplings...I am still drooling over them.We ordered a few other things, their names are not ringing a bell but all were delicious.  It's not a cheap night out, but you're in NYC so cheap is a pretzel from a cart.---by the way, I regret not dressing up a little more to dine here, it's a chic atmosphere, with the potential to set the tone for a romantic evening.Amazing food, great service, but only after they took over half an hour to seat us. I would have given them five stars if that hadn't been the case. Order the crab appetizer - it's amazing! The drinks and overall ambience are great too. Will definitely go back there. They won't seat you until all members of your party have arrived, so beware.( A two star rating from me means an average restaurant taking price into consideration. ) The service here is wonderful.  Everyone is polite and courteous and the waiters paid attention to detail in my opinion.  The one strange issue with this restaurant is that the bar and dining area do not share cash register receipts.  Therefore, if one orders at the bar, you have to close your tab and bring your drinks down to the table yourself.   ( I will also say that the bartender was polite, but unethical.  She pushed for the most expensive rum -- politely of course, but still highly unethical.  Felt like I was dealing with a nice used-car salesman.  ) The main room is the nicest place to dine for the experience of the large wide room that replicates a large manor's dining room.  I would suggest the main room for those that have not eaten here.The food here is either hit or miss from what we ordered during dinner time at around 7:30PM.  The edamame dumplings were wonderful in terms of texture and taste.   The shrimp dumplings are definitely  above-average.  The Mongolian Lamb with ginger was a great experience.The broccoli however was extremely salty.  I believe the dousing of what tasted like oyster sauce was overkill.  The lobster and shrimp chow fun was edible.  The lobster seemed like it was frozen or overcooked.  The noodles were clumped together.  However, the chow fun would have been wonderful in my opinion otherwise.  I recommend the sake-vanilla sorbet.  It's just wonderful.For the price it seems hit or miss depending upon what you order.  Some of the food was very very good, while other dishes seemed as if the chefs just didn't care enough.  I would definitely return here if I heard the food preparation and cooking/grilling were consistent, this would receive four stars from me as the food would be worth the price.  However, it will all depend on the chefs and management.  With the prices they are charging, I would have expected slightly more consistency with the food.  Without consistency, the food prices seem a bit high, and you are paying for the experience of the large room in my opinion.I will say that if you have average taste-buds, you'll love this place and find it worth the money.This place is epic... The service was good, however they can take it down a notch.Our server were on our neck most of the time.I personally hate when servers ask me "how is everything?" while my mouth is full...Buddakan is one my favorite spots in NYC. The food is always impeccable!  The atmosphere is chic and sexy. I recommend trying one of the tasting menus as your able to experience many of the different dishes that are some of the best on the menu.  At least try the rock shrimp and the black cod - it melts in your mouth!   Def a cool experience to eat at the great table!  Also try the fate cocktail- unique and tasty!The service was superb, attentive. The atmosphere was hip, chic. The food. AMAZING. There was not one dish I could not gobble down. Incredible Asian fusion, get the Schuwan Pork Dumplings, General Tsao's Buns, Lobster Spring Roll, and Edamame Dumplings. To die for. I must return and eat everything else on the menu! See my photo :)Ok, it was close between 2 and 3 stars. Maybe I'm missing something, its more trendy then great food. Fair warning, its DARK inside. Like bring a flash light dark. I think its so popular because sex in the city had a big episode here. The lamb chops were cooked wonderfully, but for the price, 4 tiny chops is not a meal. Its one of those, where you get a lot of real estate on your plate, and a couple bites of some great food. My wife ordered shrimp....literally 5 shrimp on a big plate.After 125 meal, we ended up eating at a great little grocery store/cafe on our way back uptown! 35 bucks and we were stuffed. So in short, if you want really good food, there's too much quality product out there to go here. If your in town for a weekend and want to make your wife happy that she gets to see the big table Carrie ate at.......well, its going to cost you.OH, and I know I will start a riot here, but the Edamame dumplings suck. The texture is kind of disconcerting, and they have NO flavor. You know why everyone likes Edamame? Because most places cover them in sea salt. Well this is just the liquified beans. Try the pot stickers or something else. Oh, and last last thing. ITS NOT ASIAN FOOD. Its just not. Its asian noodles next to other foods. Pasta, meats, etc. If anyone thinks this is 4 star, their likely of the "foodie" group, and have lost their way with what real food looks and tastes like. I'm personally not a fan of anything over engineered. Be it cars, buildings, or food. The classics are the classics for a reason. Grab a drink here, enjoy the decor, tell people you went.....then go eat down the block.My gentleman caller brought me here to celebrate my birthday and I am highly pleased. The decor and ambiance is beautiful. The food was pure perfection!! For our appetizers we had the oxtail dumplings and lobster spring roll. The dumplings were very tender and full of flavor. The lobster spring roll had a nice taste as well. For my main plate I had Mongolian lamb chops cooked medium well. It was soooo delicious!!! Highly recommended. Lastly my partner had lemon chicken and he enjoyed his dish. We shared a bowl of vegetable fried rice that came with a nice coconut foam. It was flavorful and light which I enjoyed. This is a memorable birthday and I absolutely must come back here.Went here with the girls, food wasn't bad. I have had better. I liked the almond bread pudding, it was very moist and yummy. I love anything bready. The things that ticked me off: 1. the busboy, he was really rude. Damn near ruined the night, if it weren't for the cheerful waiter and alcohol.2. the Seating - we were seated next to the door to the bar or kitchen, not sure too dark to tell and it made the place feel cheap like they were trying to fit more tables to make a fast buck. The servers and waiters pass by non stop with plates and glasses clanking, if there had been swinging doors, i'd have left.I have had Buddakan on my 'to-dine' list for over a year now. It finally happened on the weekend of 4/19 as part of my week long birthday festivities! I was able to secure a reservation through OpenTable for 10 pm about two weeks in advance, but when am I ever NOT tardy for the party? I was running late so I called Buddakan and asked if there was a grace period. They told me not to worry that they would work with me! Whew!I arrived around 10:10 pm and was seated at about 10:35 pm-10:40 pm. By that time I was super hungry, annoyed, and impatient, but I guess that's what happens when you're late! However, I do believe even if I'd arrived at 10 pm, I wouldn't have been seated right away since there were so many people by the bar area waiting to be seated and a hostess kept informing everyone things were backed up.Moving on, this place is so romantic! It's the perfect place for a date in my opinion. Really dim lights, understated, the perfect ambience. I will say, I'm not a fan of sitting too close to others. We were given a booth next to a mother, father, and their daughter. We weren't super close but I would have liked a bit more privacy.Ordering took some time but the food came out fairly quickly and perfectly cooked. Our waitress was super attentive and pleasant. When my gal pal went to use the restroom her cloth napkin must have fallen from her side of the table and onto her seat. A random waiter came along, folded it, neatly placed it on the table and smiled at me. I thought to myself, 'where they do that at?' Well, AT Buddakan!The host who informed us our table was ready however was robotic and stone-faced. I noticed a lot of the other employees had that same look on their faces. It was a bit odd. Also, for how gorgeous this place is, I found the restroom to be quite bland. But let's get to the yummy stuff ---FOOD!!!The food was delicious. Delicious is actually an understatement! We started off with the Cantonese spring rolls, ordered the lemon chicken, char siu, a side of minced pork lo mein, and other yumminess I cannot recall at the moment. We can attest that to the food coma I was in. When I tell you I was growing DEPRESSED as I watched my char siu disappear off of my plate and into my stomach, I'm being completely honest! I wanted it to last forever. That is how good it was.I really loved Buddakan. I'll absolutely be back. I didn't find it expensive at all. The service was top of the line and it really was an experience!When we travel to NYC we always have dinner at Tao. Yelp helped convince me otherwise. We decided to give Buddakan a taste. I was totally disappointed. I think the Yelp reviews had me so convinced that my experience would be "over the top" but it was a complete let down. The food was okay. The service was fine. The ambience sucked! Everyone says that the ambiance is incredible. Our table was in a really dark area of the restaurant near the bathrooms. Not impressed. For starters I got the pork belly hosin glazed. It was meh....For main entree i ordered the whole peking duck. It was okay. My wife ordered the steamed sole which was fine, but just not awesome like I expected. Hey you live and learn. I doubt I'll go back to Buddakan. Too many great restaurants in NYC. Hope this helps.I booked a table at this restaurant as a surprise for my girlfriend. It just so happened, we went on the day we got engaged. I'd heard rumors from friends who live in New York that the trendier restaurants have a habit of making you wait long after your reservation time for no real reason, which I was slightly worried about given that we had plans to have drinks with friends later on. Luckily, we were seated exactly at our reservation time. After a few cocktails, of course. Ignore their slightly steep price tag. They're good.I'm sure you've gotten the impression that this place has an incredible atmosphere, and the truth is that it actually does. It's one of the nicest looking restaurants I've ever been to. It can get a little bit noisy because it has A LOT of seating room. No matter, though. I just wanted to try the food.We started with an order of dumplings. When they came, we were slightly confused because there didn't seem to be any soy sauce available. Being the timid folks we are, we didn't bother to ask for some. To our surprise, the soy sauce was actually within the dumpling itself. Although hot soy sauce spraying out of dumplings can sometimes be considered dangerous, we didn't mind because the things were absolutely delicious. We couldn't wait for the next round. We ordered black pepper beef and cracked chili chicken for mains, with pork lo mein and pork fried rice for sides. Everything was excellent. Neither main was particularly spicy, as we were expecting, but the flavors were wonderful and we managed to finish all of it...aside from the sides. Beware that if you do go for sides, there's a bit too much for two people to reasonably eat.We didn't get to sample dessert due to the slight rush we were in, but overall it was a wonderful experience. If I ever get a chance to return to New York (and I certainly hope I do), I'll definitely give this restaurant another try. Give it a shot if you love good Asian food or are looking for a romantic dinner. Better yet, go there for any reason. It's fantastic.Everything is good here. Been here a few times, and love it every time. Service is great and the food is even greater. Bread pudding is a must. And the interior design is just awesome.Large and spacious too. Bathrooms are nice. Definitely a plus for girls haha.Pricey? Hands down, YES! Worth it? You bet your sweet palette! Sometimes you have to treat yourself to the good stuff because the corner Chinese spot in your hood IS NOT making these boneless spare ribs like this or LOBSTER fried rice! And if they "ARE" for $5 you should be looking at them like O_o because any mediocre lobster at a minimum DOES NOT cost $5. Try it but make sure to have at least $100 for YOURSELF alone on hand.Overrated in my opinion.  The main room is jaw dropping gorgeous.  They serve pan-asian food. Nothing too spectacular :-) I had the lamb that was good"Amazing food, stylish place, great atmosphere!"We were traveling to NY and met friends for dinner, we were two couples and our friends made a reservation at 8pm. The hostess were polite even thought our table was ready only 20 mins later. We waited in the lounge area and didn't feel the delay since we had a lot of catching up to do. Our table was located in the upper area of the restaurant, which was nice, however for next time we will definitely ask for a table in the lower level of the restaurant. We really liked the design of the interior and the low lighting which was not too dark but also created a very chic and trendy ambiance. Our waiter was nice, but with a slice of attitude. He recommended us to order a bunch of dishes and just share everything- and so we did. Our order included mainly dumplings and one red tuna tartar spring roll starter, beef filet and the black cod. The spring rolls were just amazing, the tune inside was fresh and chill and went really well with the crisp of the roll (which wasn't oily at all). One of the biggest surprises was the edamame dumplings- when I read the description on the menu I must admit it sounded a bit lame and not exciting at all. Me and my boyfriend eat out a lot, really big fans culinary and travel especially when we travel around the world (which we did a lot) so it is really hard to amaze or surprise us. Luckily our friends ordered thsi dish, and OMG, the first bite was just unforgettably. I cut the superlatives to describe it- just order it when you there and you will know what I'm talking about. The carrot dumplings, jade shrimps dumplings and the chicken dumplings were great as well. The cod fish was also incredible and melted in our mouths, however the beef filet dish was just OK. We also shared one dessert- the chocolate fondant, that was good as well. The presentation and the aesthetics of the each dish was very simple yet sophisticated, a real eye candy. All in all, we ordered 10 dishes, 1 bottle of Sake (750ml) and a cocktail and our bill came to 300$ including service. Can't wait to go back to New York and dine there againWow! This is place is really outstanding! The decor and ambiance if like something out of a film (think "Eyes Wide Shut"). The food is excellent. I literally savored every bite. We ordered quite a bit of several different items from the menu, sorry but I can remember the names of the dishes, but everything was EQUALLY excellent. I do remember Lobster egg rolls and Lobster fried rice. I really wish I could remember but I was visiting NYC for the weekend and we packed allot into two days. This was definitely a highlight though. If i were living and working in NYC, this would definitely be "my spot". Definitely check out Buddakan if you want a truly unique Asian dining experience!I absolutely love this place from the Asian dungeon decor to the wonderful food... I'll keep coming & recommending this place till I died, than why the 4 stars? well this is no fucking family style dinner this plates of food aren't enough to share unless your the Olsen Twins the kitchen needs to stop been lazy & cook the table @ the same time, I'm ain't sharing my delicious tiny whole duck with NOBODY so please don't bring my good first so my friends don't give me the starving look caused I'm not sharing... Oh and the cocktails can used a little help.Had drinks in the bar. Delicious Old Fashions, peaking through to a grand ballroom. Sheek and dark.Disappointing. I really wanted this to be good but it simply wasn't. Food & service were average at best. TAO is very similar and much better in my opinion.Pros:- HOSTS: friendly and accommodating host staff- ENTRANCE: nice lounge area in front to relax while waiting on table- APPS: edamame dumplings rule, as most other reviews recommended - COCKTAILS: good bartenders mixing up some nice concoctionsCons:- SERVICE: server had the personality of a robot and couldn't help recommend anything. All he could do was tell me how stuff was prepared. Never once checked in on us after dropping the food off. Maybe he was new- FOOD: maybe I didn't order the winners but something tells me it wouldn't have mattered: beef short rib was too dry. Wild mushroom noodles (supposedly their best noodle dish) was salty and saucy as hell. Green tea donut dessert was just alright- ATMOSPHERE: it's pretty cool, but in no way Asian. And it was a little too cold and dark, and the music was a tad too loud in my opinion Probably won't be back. Hopefully this honest review helps lower some of the hype.Had drinks there on Tuesday night and I must say that the two female bar tenders were so much more professional, and friendly than most bars in NYC...the drinks were great and we had a great time.  Other NYC bartenders should take notes!So, my boyfriend is addicted to Buddakan's edamame dumplings, he's the biggest fan. Nothing else really stood out from the food and the experience, it was so-so. Had some steak that my boyfriend enjoyed but it was okay for me. Even the cocktails were ok.The service got on my nerves though, and I'm an incredibly patient person. We were rushed as though the restaurant was in a state of emergency. I mean I appreciate checking in, but don't literary tell us to choose quickly, come on. Wanted to try other stuff, but felt like we were infringing on the server's time.Overall, gorgeous decor, but that's about it. Try another of Starr's restaurants over an avenue.Great food, bad service. Every time I came here with a reservation, but they always make me and my friends wait for longer even though we got there on time. The waiter who served us always looks like we owe him ten grands, or he just hates his customer. Peking duck salad is my favorite, I've never tried some salad tastes this AMAZING. Not really Chinese food, more Asian fusion. Let me tell you, you can never find good Chinese food at any fancy restaurant. I said I will never come here again, but I have to come back just for the Peking duck salad. If they serve us with good attitude, I will rate higher.This was literally the best meal of my life. If you're thinking of going, JUST GO. Do it now!Everything from the service to the cocktails to the food and wine, it was just amazing. The decor was absolutely stunning. Yes, it is pricey (we were celebrating a promotion, so for 2 of us 'going all out' our bill was $240), but it's absolutely worth it. Get the filet!! It seriously could have been cut with a spoon.This review is so short because everything was perfect. I don't know how else to say it. It was amazing!Beautiful chandelier theme Asian Fusion Restaurant. 1. Food - 4 stars; Food we ordered were good for Asian fusion, we ordered edamame dumplings*, pork buns*, tuna tar tar, wild mushroom chow fun, lobster fries rice, and lobster chili dish. They were good, but the two dishes edamame dumplings and pork buns were very good. Edamame presentation was pretty and it's worth a try; as for tasting, it's a very smooth paste texture with soft and sticky thin rice dough playing in your mouth. Pork buns were soft and moist, very good! They have a lot of good size side dish items (rice/pasta) where portion is fairly large to share, and lots of good app/dimsum menu to try as tapa style dishes. Their main Lobster dish we were not too impressed by though, it was nothing special and salty...Desserts were wonderful! We were here for bday and they put a HBD plaque n candle on our dessert. Nice touch! 2. Space- 5 stars; the chandelier theme main dining is too gorgeous! No wonder they filmed the engagement party scene here for the sex and the city. it's nice enough that u can have excuse to "dress up" for nice dinner. 3. Service- 4 star; service was good, nothing to complain about on our dinner. Especially since one of our party was late and they didn't hold that against us. This is a great spot to bring ur out of towner for dinner, we found their price comparable to other nice NY restos, apps in the 10s, mains in the 20s-30s, and sides in the 10s. I paid more for "chow fun" from seamless delivery than here, I think that says a lot. Bring your guest, pop some bubbles ($50 and up), and enjoy the atmosphere n the good food Buddakan has to offer.I bought a party of 16 to this restaurant, 10 of these folks came straight from southeast asia, so I was hoping to "wow" them.....and it worked!  This place was a bit difficult to find in a rather familiar area for me (Dream hotel and some famous nightclubs nearby).... well, we finally found it and were amazed by how large of a space this was.  We were taken downstairs and were seated at their infamous "center dining room table".  Dinner with drinks ended up costing me something close to what CUNY would charge for one semester, but it was fantastic.  Lobster egg rolls, the potstickers, rock shrimp, lobster fried rice, etc... all awesome.  Due to the palates of the guests that I had, the chefs were nice to cater to them and make everything a bit spicier than they normally would.  Great place for a first date!The grand ballroom downstairs is the only place worth sitting at this chic/trendy restaurant. If they try to seat you upstairs don't let them...tell them you want to wait for a seat downstairs...they'll just stick you in the bar/lounge thing until a table opens up. That was our fatal error (allowing them to seat us upstairs) and I'm still bitter about it!Also, the Asian-fusion cuisine was good, but nothing mind-blowing.After reading so many positive Yelp reviews about the edamame dumplings I knew I had to order them (against my better judgement; after all, edamame dumplings?!?) and I was right. They're totally ew. Not my bag.The tuna tartar spring rolls, on the other hand, are worth ordering and re-ordering, not only because they're tiny, but also because they're freaking amazeballs!We also tried the kung pao monkfish and the lobster fried rice, both very tasty. But again, nothing Earth-shattering.Just remember my seating tip and you'll be fine.Buddakan is just an incredible place to dine at. Went there for my GF birthday with a party of 5 recently. When we first arrived we were greeted by a very hospitable hostess who checked us in and made us wait in the waiting lounge/bar till our table was ready. We waited a total of 5 minutes before we were directed to our table. We sat at the really long table at the center of the restaurant which kind of reminds you of a scene at Hogwarts in Harry Potter lol. Service was incredible from beginning to finish, very attentive staff and really friendly. The food was amazing I enjoyed every dish that was ordered by us that night. I will definitely be going back here againVery professional staff, staffed really well. Make sure you make reservations. Specialty cocktails are nice and strong- reasonably priced 13- 15$. FYI the cocktail with ginger- u must be a ginger fan, if you are not- don't get it. We had pork belly appetizer. Nice flavors and decent size for 2 or 3 people.  A lot of fat which is to be expected so don't get them if u are repelled by soft fat.  The meals are suggested to eat family style.Lemon chicken- SOooOo good.  A breast and thigh no bone with crispy coating and strong lemon sauce. It was delish. Lamb chops were very flavorful. Very lamby.  Wild mushroom chow fun was so good I could have eaten the whole dish alone. Nice thick noodles and lots of mushrooms. I say yesI'm from Philadelphia and have never eaten at Buddakan there, but jumped at the chance to give it a go when I was in NYC.  I'm usually a fan of Steven Starr restaurants and had heard good things about Buddakan.The first thing that stood out to me was the ambiance and decor.  I went with a friend on a Monday night and the place was buzzing.  Waiting for 15 minutes for our table (came before our reservation) gave me the opportunity to appreciate the astonishing features of the space.  I was blown away by the size of the communal table on the lower level, the paneling, height of the ceiling, and how asian and italian renaissance themes were combined.  A stunning environment to enjoy a meal in.The food, however, was just so-so.  Plates are meant to be shared and are made-to-order.  We ordered the pork potstickers, general-tso's dumplings, the monkfish, filet of beef, and the pork lo mein.  The monkfish was the only dish that really stood out.  Unique flavor, crispy texture, inventive.  The pot stickers and dumplings were of the same quality as something you could get heated up at a fast casual joint.  The beef was cooked to perfection, but the sauces left something to be desired, and the flavor was in no way keeping with the asian-fusion theme.  Service was average.  Our waitress was great, but there was a long gap between our appetizers and mains that was frustrating.Overall, worth a try, but there are other places in this price range that I would gladly try before I would think about coming back.We have to give Buddakan a mixed review because we ate their twice and had two very different experiences. Overall experience: 2To start, we ate their twice because our second meal was comp'd by the manager. Our waiter on the first night completely neglected a birthday and was honestly, fairly rude about it. We reminded the waiter about the birthday and he seemed annoyed about the entire thing. He did not wish happy birthday, did not bring out a dessert, nothing. After being thoroughly disappointed with our service, the manager told us that the next meal was on him.Our flight home was canceled due to weather and we ended up taking the manager up on his offer. We had an amazing waiter this time and the service was spot on!Appetizers: 5Most of the dishes were incredible. The hoisin glazed pork belly, steamed sea bass roll and the spicy yellowtail yu sheng were amazing. They were easily the best things we ate at Buddakan. I'd go back just for those three. The carrot dumplings and duck salad were also good, but not incredible.Main courses: 3This was disappointing. After the great start, we expected the rest of the meal to be stellar. The sizzling short rib was ok, the broken chili chicken tasted like panda express and the tofu was very bland. We had a few other dishes but they were not memorable.I recommend loading up on the appetizers as this is where Buddakan really shines. The main dishes were mediocre and honestly, over-priced for what you get.Overpriced, unexciting Chinese food.Stopped by as part of a group of five, and we split a bunch of appetizers, including the edamame dumplings (the best of the dishes I had, fairly unique and had nice flavor), the Szechuan pork dumplings (standard Asian fare but not as tender), the tuna tartare spring roll (interesting idea and fried nicely but not my favorite idea), beef lettuce cups (not terribly exciting), and the chili rock shrimp (a bit too heavily sauced and not as good as some other versions). The entrees we split were the steamed sea bass roll, the monk fish (both okay but unmemorable), the peking duck (pretty ordinary, average tasting duck), and the lobster fried rice (decent but not really much different than regular fried rice with a bit of lobster).Overall, the food is decent, but nothing out of the ordinary, and you're paying up for the lavish environment which makes it probably pretty good for larger groups but not my favorite place to come eat at or a place I'd want to come back to.I have only been here twice. My favorite is the appetizers. The edamame dumplings and pork belly is amazing. I ordered the lamb chops and they were pretty good too, but the table next to me couldn't stop raving about their short ribs. So now I know what to order next time I go. In addition, I like the ambiance.  It has an extravagant dining room with a high ceiling that is pretty hard to find in NYC.When visiting New York for the weekend, you want to go to some of the places that make New York what it is. Buddakan is one of those places. The interior is spacious and nicely decorated - I would even say quite impressive. Seating at the tables is comfortable. The food was amazing and so was service!Moreover, it is one of these places where you are supposed to pick and share food with your guests, which makes it even a better place to be submerged into different tastes of Asia!A must-go place when in NYC for the weekend!Boneless spare ribs WOW The tuna spring rolls and pork dumplings were also delicious. Can never go wrong ordering apps at a fusion restaurant. The lamb and the cod were very good. Surprisingly the lo mein was incredible. Great service great food topped with green tea donuts for dessert.. I will definitely be going back.Went here for my 21st birthday dinner and enjoyed the experience! Fun and trendy atmosphere with interesting decor and a fusion menu. You will definitely need to have reservations for this place. We tried a variety of the dishes but especially enjoyed the drinks. It ended up being a little pricier than I hoped since the dishes were not that big and we had to order a few more than usual. We got two different kinds of dumplings, which were okay, and the peppered steak and a sautéed fish dish both of which we enjoyed.I'm not sure I will be returning as it was one of the those experiences I probably only want to have once. But if you are looking for something somewhat extravagant and different for a special occasion I would recommend Buddakan!This is a fantastic restaurant with an even better staff. Upon arriving we ran into a wait list. The host suggested the lounge area which was awesome. The atmosphere in the lounge is as creative and fun as the rest of the building. Our server, Sarah, was so wonderful! She gave us top notch service and really made our experience. We took her suggestion with some of the food choices, which did not disappoint! She was so attentive and made the evening fun. The manager, Timothy, made a point to come check on us and ensure we were having a good experience, which is always a plus. The food was absolutely incredible! Adequately priced considering location and quality. We were satisfied with 3 sharing plates and a salad (deviled tuna tartare, steamed seabass spring rolls, oxtail dumplings and peking duck salad). YUM! We will definitely return and ask for Sarah! Thank you guysThis place was great, hostess and the waiter were very friendly. Food was amazing. I especially love the fact that it was open until 12 since we had just left a concert and no good restaurants were open, glad we tried this one and can't wait to go back!A typical meat packing clubby restaurant, except this place actually feels genuine, food is decent quality and comes out quick, a great place to come with friends from out of townOne of my good friends recommended my husband and I try this place and I am so happy we did! From the ambiance to the service, and especially the food, we were blown away. As previous reviews state, you will most likely not be seated on time and my husband and I figured out why. Their bar = their waiting area. This is genius on their part because no one is going to sit there and not order a drink. I am definitely not complaining since it was nice to have a cocktail and be able to take in their unique décor. We were sat after about 15 mins of waiting (and we were a little early) and brought to a table upstairs. Previous reviews say that no matter what, you should sit in the large room but I disagree. Although it would be interesting to sit there, it was definitely more private in some of the smaller rooms and easier to hear the people you are with. The service was fabulous! Our server in particular dabbled with like 3 other languages besides English and we heard her speak them to different tables. Now I'm not sure if this is true of many of the servers in NYC but I was impressed and felt like the visitors from her tables who spoke Spanish/German/French were as well! She was attentive without being at our table every 5 seconds which was also nice. Now for the most important part, the food! Let me start by saying that I completely disagree with many of the other reviews who note that the portions are too small; we left STUFFED! I would recommend ordering one appetizer to share if you plan to order a full dinner. We ordered the kung pao dumplings which were amazing. You don't need a dipping sauce because the sauce is INSIDE the dumplings, delicious! We then each ordered an entrée and a side. They bring everything out as it is made so I think it is best if you are with one other person to order two items that both of you would like. That way you aren't eating while the other person is just sitting there. That is what we did and it worked perfectly! We ordered the short ribs which were to die for, and the broken chili chicken. We also ordered the Chinese sausage fried rice and the wok tossed noodles as our sides; both were great! If we did it all over again, we would most likely order just one side as we couldn't even finish our rice (mainly because we wanted dessert)! We had the crying chocolate for dessert which was a perfect portion to have just a little something sweet to split. It is similar to molten chocolate cake but the outside is less of a cake and more like a chocolate cookie with a oozing chocolate sauce/fudge center. It is served with coffee ice cream, yum!Amazing experience, we will for sure return next time we are in NYC!Aside from the fact that Carrie Bradshaw and Big had their engagement party, I absolutely love this place. Everything from decor, vibe, food to service gives you a sexy experience! I came here a couple of times and we did family style dinner where we ordered a bunch of appetizers, sides and big plates. We did that because everything on the menu looked SO DAMN GOOD! and guess what? It wasn't just good, it was GREAT!Things I remember we ordered: Lobster Egg RollTuna Tartare Spring RollSizzling ShortribsBroken Chili ChickenLobster Fried RiceAll were delicious!If you want a fancy, sexy, posh, classy, and real sex in the city experience, GO HERE!Amazing! LITERALLY everything we ordered was fantastic: 1st off our waiter was adorable and very knowledgable about the menu, was honest about dishes he didn't prefer and kept our drinks topped up before we even knew we needed new ones. His name is Jack and he for sure made the experience that much more memorable. Personable but not annoying, chatty but the right amount.....now the food....Chicken shrimp spring rolls to start; perfect crisp texture on the outside delicious evenly dispersed filling, perfect for every bite.Scallion pancakes topped with short ribs; so ok the name freaked me out too but our awesome waiter talked us in to it and I'm so glad he did! It's actually like a scallion cracker topped with short ribs, sliced apple and cilantro and it is an absolute delight.Main dish: charred filet medium with amazing sauce for dipping, charred broccoli with black bean and coconut curry rice. Plenty for 2 to share!Dessert: chocolate fondant with cherries, sugar pearls, chocolate crisps, ganache and pistachio ice cream......heaven in a bowl :) best birthday dessert ever.Finished out with two pots of tea because we couldn't decide between the tropical and the mint, both are delicious and served with two cups worth in each tea pot.Buddakan and I just weren't meant to be...Aside from the unbelievably beautiful communal table downstairs and the luxuriously rich Edamame dumplings, I wasn't impressed with everything else.First off, I had a reservation for 7pm. I checked in (felt like checking into a hotel) and was told to wait in the bar area. At least 5 people that work there came up to me every few minutes asking if I had a reservation. UMMM YES!!?.....They need a better system.I was finally seated at 7:35 pm after ordering 2 rounds of cocktails at the bar (the drinks were meh) and I was feeling pretty annoyed by this point.To top it off, when we were leaving.. the coat check had misplaced my date's work bag! That's a no-no at a top notch restaurant, especially considering the fact that there were so many people working there. Sorry not sorry I won't be back willingly.Some of the best food I've ever tasted in a beautiful and unique environment. Try the fried prawns are amazing as was the lamb chops. It wasn't perfect though, I must say I've experienced better service elsewhere, there was no feeling, order taken and the food and drinks arrived. In this sort of place I felt it could have been a little more personal and a little more attention given. Upstairs in the bar the cocktails lacked artistic flair, too basic for the price. Despite this, the place and the food was magical and won us over. Overall a beautiful evening and one we'll remember for a long time.The interior is reminiscent of the initial scenes of Inception, perfect mixture of lounge and restaurant. It's loud, so don't plan on catching up with people you haven't talked to in a while here. GET THE EDAMAME DUMPLINGS! They are fantastic, it feels like a pâté and it's this fancy schmansy serving plating with only 5 dumplings, so if your splitting it, go ahead and take the last dumpling for yourself. Everything was ridiculously good. The waiters were entertaining and very knowledgable too. Overall faaaaantastic I can't wait to go back.Absolutely gorgeous. I feel like I'm at the dining hall at Hogwarts every time I'm here. The meat and vegetable dishes I've had were all great. For dessert, I HIGHLY recommend the bread pudding!What's not to love about this place? Everything about this place is amazing from the food to the service to the venue to the interior. It feels and looks so upscale and you'll definitely leave satisfied.Make sure you try the edamame dumplings. It will blow your mind. Definitely be coming back.AWESOME AWESOME FOOD. Not one thing we ordered was bad and we tried almost everything (beef lettuce cups, crab sticky rice, lemon chicken, scallops, etc). THE BEST part which came to kind of a shock for me was the edamame. They puree the edamame and put it in a dumpling- it's insane. One of the best things I've ever tasted. Will be coming back! Waiter was awesome and super attentive as well.Where do I even begin? I have been here twice now and I am never ever disappointed. The server always recommends a reasonably priced bottle of wine that pairs perfectly with our meal. We order the MUST HAVE edamame dumplings. This is the dish God will serveIn Heaven...I'm pretty certain. It is heavenly!  Then we ordered the hoisin glazed pork buns. To DiE for!!!! The entrees are delicious but the appetizers kill it! I will miss NYC mainly cuz of BuddakanWe had girls' night out on a Thursday night. My friend likes this restaurant so much so she made the reservation. We got the table near the stairs to the lower level. Our waiter's service was very bad. He hurried us out. He came many times and interrupted us to ask if we have finished while we were chatting and still working on our dishes. He gave us the check before we asked for it. The food was creative but tasted average. felt very disappointed.Amazing food, never disappoints! Decor and service is great, trendy atmosphere.  Expensive but worth every penny!I came here on a Sunday night with my bf. We made a reservation and were seated promptly when we arrived. At the end of the night, I left having mixed feelings about this place.GOOD:Service - I've seen some reviews criticizing their service, but thankfully I had no such unpleasant experience. Our server was very nice and attentive to our needs. I also appreciated the fact that she didn't press us to order too much, and that she gave us an honest assessment of how large the portions are for each dish.Venue - The decor and ambiance are great. It has a clubby feel to it, but I still like its super modern and chic decor. Edamame Dumplings - The most interesting dish I got to try today. It's very original, and has such a great, soft texture to it. I highly recommend it to anyone!Crying Chocolate - One of the best molten lava cakes I've ever had! It comes very close to the one I had at Nougatine. I also loved the coffee ice cream that was served on the side.MEDIOCRE:Crab and Lobster Shumai - Just okay in my opinion, but my bf loved it.Pork Buns - It wasn't bad, but I've had better at Ippudo.Lobster Fried Rice - It was decent, and I really liked that they weren't skimpy with the lobster part, but it wasn't anything mind-blowing. BAD:Price - I love the venue, love the service, the food was alright, but... it was WAY overpriced. We ended up paying about $90 total for what was essentially a meal at a glorified PF Chang's. It really doesn't match the quality of their food.Overall, I recommend that you come here at least once, especially if you're showing around your friends from out of the city. It's a very cool venue and the food ranges from mediocre to super awesome. I don't think I will ever return though, since we could have so much better food elsewhere for this price level.We definitely enjoyed the food, especially the sea bass roll and the pork belly and pancakes. The chili rock shrimp were good but it's something that I've had in other sushi places but called shrimp dynamite. The FATE drink was a very good addition to what we ordered. I thought the food was better than TAO and the noise level was much more pleasant. The service was spot on and we never had to wait for the next item. They were all delivered to the table just as expected. Here's my suggestion of what should be your staple order:Steamed sea bass rollCrab sticky riceChili rock shrimpHoi sin glazed pork bellySweet & Crispy jumbo shrimpI'll give a 4 rating because the simple yet tasty meal was a bit pricy- $165 for two people.Best.Meal.Ever.   We shared a selection of dim sims and lemon chicken with side of long beans. And of course the deserts are to die for. The sour cherry is out of this world. Atmosphere and service was exceptionally good. A must on your New York list!The ambiance is amazing...can't think of too many other spaces in NYC...so big!  The service is attentive.  We got there on the early side for dinner...and had lots of check-ins early on.  As business picked up a little less so.  Most of the food was pretty spectacular...a few missed.  The menu has lots of asian fusion variety and the prices are pretty reasonable considering the amount of overhead to run a place that size in NYC.The decor is amazing! Drinks are good but pricey... Hey it's the meat packing district! Food is good but the portions are rather skimpy. I came here twice and both times I left feeling meh. It's ok, I just feel like with hellos kitchen not to far there is so much more to try. Enjoy!Super trendy, so meatpacking but so much fun. And the food is surprisingly good for a hip, scene-y place like this. Buddaken is MASSIVE so perfect for large groups. Their bar area is also huge and gorgeous, so it's a great place to get a drink while you wait (which you will WAIT, even with a reservation. They are annoying in that regard - they make you wait until everyone has arrived, which when you have large parties is just impractical, if 9 out of 10 people are present). The dining areas are gorgeoussss, so dimly lit but sexy. the main hall is kind of a racket, it's so loud but there is a quieter, tucked away one which is more intimate and relaxing. The food is yummy. it's no Nobu but it's very good. Although takeout Chinese is also good, but you are paying for the ambiance and experience here. But honestly, its not super expensive either, you can order many of the rice/noodles dishes for under $15bucks and they're very filling. Drinks are pricey but good and strong. Service was good, a little detached and aloof but not snobby. I think Buddaken is better than Ajna (which is now closed) & Tao food wise. 4 stars, only the long reception wait time cost the last one.Delicious food all the way through, impressive venue with nice space for every table (unlike most places in the City).  We had just around 6 appetizers and dim sums instead of entrees.  Great service. Highly recommended.The highly recommended buddakan does not disappoint. I don't have a strategy behind my rating but here's my breakdown. The short? Go here and you won't be disappointed. As a date, both parties will be impressed and it won't break the bank unless you have the appetite of a gladiator.The long? The ambiance and decor are exquisite. From the low lighting and high ceiling chandeliers, to the lounge house and a classy dungeon-ous atmosphere.... It's just right. Enjoy the lounge while you wait for your table to be prepared - spacious and non-pretentious.The walk to your table, for first timers, is enjoyable because the unexpected size of a venue with such intimate settings is impressive. From libraries to Michael Angelo's... It's visual stimuli for those that care.... I, personally, do not.The service, as expected, is efficient and classy although not the most personable... Meaning there's a certain cadence assumed with each table. Unfortunately, our waiter disappeared after 1 hour into our meal... No big deal but clearly I'm tying about it.The food.The food.The food.Best Chinese fusion food I've had to date.... It makes all Chinese-run operations, and I've been to a few, seem like a boxed microwave dinner operation. Buddakan offers an assault of options for all your taste buds. I can't pick one dish but for those that rely on dish recommendations, here you go........ I was with a crew of 8 so we went a la carte style, fixed price menu is not necessary, and we ordered several dishes from several areas of the menu. Here are the dishes I recommend!!!- black pepper beef- carrot dumplings- general Tao dumplings- beef filet- any noodles dishes (pad suoy)- all veggie dishes suck (in my opinion)The bad?Many rovers, managers to bus boys, are roaming around... This is okay... But some, probably the mangers, have this serious look that is some how a turn off.... I usually don't care but it came off as intrusive. Overall, this will be mostly unnoticeable and should not be a factor in your decision. Oh, and.... The waiter? Where did he go? Oh well. This is a great spot to visit. .... Don't bring your kids, unless they are swaggier than you!Cheers,zBayBuddakan is a beautifully decorated restaurant with some great dishes and some not-as-great dishes.The Good: The Wild Mushroom Chow Fun is very good, as well as the Carrot Dumplings to share.  I also like the Edamame Dumplings, but if I had to choose, I would say that I favor the Carrot Dumplings.  I also loved the Deviled Tuna Tartare as well as the Spiced Tofu and Cashews.The Okay: Vegetable Rice, Chilled Udon NoodlesThe Bad; Asian Green Stir Fry wasn't great.  It was kind of like a salad that had been thrown into a saute pan and then put on a plate.Clearly I ate too much. But for reason. The food was amazing. Pork Belly dumplings, boneless ribs, cauliflower and pork Salad, beef filet, lemon chicken and for desert passion fruit pavelova and crying chocolate. No wonder I can't move. The service was quick. Our waitress tells us that's because they only did about 600 meals that day. Ok! Price was average range. What id expect for such delicious food.  Do yourself a favour and get there!I'm obsessed with Buddakan. I will never stop coming here. My favorite dishes are: edamame dumplings, lobster egg rolls, general tso's dumplings, tuna tartare spring rolls (AMAZING!), chili rock shrimp, for dinner: charred filet of beef, australian wagyu strip steak, and the lobster fried rice. It is pricey but I think the nice atmosphere, beautiful restaurant, and great service plus good food make it all worth it. Great for a date and for groups!Wow. How did I wait so long to come here?Located in the meatpacking district, right next to the Chelsea Market.Came here with my boyfriend and absolutely loved it. The food, the service, everything was incredible.Appetizers: we had cantonese spring rolls and crispy calamari salad with green apples, cashews,  and miso vinaigrette. We devoured these. I was full after this but the food tasted so damn good...Entrees: I ordered the sweet crispy jumpo shrimp and my boyfriend ordered the black pepper beef. Again, both were cooked to perfection and as a result we ended up overeating. We also had minced pork lo mein as a side but we had to take it home because we still wanted to try dessert and there was no way we would be able to if we didn't stop and make room at that point. The minced pork lo mein tasted great after sitting in our fridge overnight, in case anyone was wondering.For dessert we had crying chocolate. A must for chocolate lovers.I forget our server's name but he was very attentive, frequently (but not to the point of being annoying) replenishing our water glasses and asking us if there was anything else he could get us. The manager also came by to make sure we were happy with our meal.This place is perfect for a group of friends or for a date. If you can, request to eat in the main dining room.Beautiful decor and atmosphere. It feels very NYC in here. The wait was long even with a reservation, but the reso was made late so I guess it goes with the territory. As far as staff goes everyone was very nice. The lighting in the bar area is extremely dark, I guess its for ambiance but you cant even see the bar menu. As far as food goes you MUST order the edamame dumplings. My mouth is drooling just thinking about them. We ordered another round of those. The dim sum was good but it was soooooo hot (temp wise) I burned my lip pretty bad... so beware. Overall the waiter was nice and drinks were amazing. Not sure if I would come here to fill up on food as the menu items are small and pricey but if you are looking for a fun place to hang out and have some snacks this is it.We opted for the $95 per head menu. It was extremely filling the portions are made so that everyone gets a piece, which is perfect!The edamame dumplings were ok. The hot dumplings were much better with chicken broth inside them. The calamari salad was excellent. The mains were overall better than starters: beef & short ribs; prawns and fish, all winners!!! The cold noodles with icecream (or sorbet, we never knew) were left unfinished. Desserts were decadent! Sorbets, icreams & chocolate cake were the success stories of the third course. Service was excellent too! Just don't expect authentic Asian food!This place is easy to miss from the outside but from the inside, it's incredible and the food matches that. The rock shrimp and dim sum and great. It's a fun place to go for a special occasion or for a dinner party. It's my favorite place in NY.Oh Buddakan, your food never disappoints but the service is getting lousy. This is a place were reservations must be made, however, do not expect to be seated at that specific time. Just know that you will sit faster than those that did not make reservations. They have a nice waiting area, where some people decide to have dim sum and/or drinks. As to the dining area, which is located int he lower area is very spacious and every time i go down those stairs it just reminds me of Sex and the City. I've tried their crab sticky rice, whole pecking duck, edamame dumplings, lobster egg rolls and sweet and crispy shrimp...DELICIOUSNESS IN MY MOUTH. This place defines Asian Fusion. They make all the flavor work together and they know what to mix and what not. Something that mud the taken into account is that the food is brought to the table as soon as it ready, so do not expect for everyone food to arrive at the same time. I know its not ideal to eat if not everyone has a plate, but here, your food will get cold waiting on others. Perhaps, if everyone is just sharing small plates it would be the perfect setting.Buddakan is a gem. The food here is expensive, but you are paying for the decor and the service, and how good the food tastes makes it all worth it. It is not an every week dining pilgrimage unless you have the pockets for it, but it is an absolute delight for an anniversary or a birthday celebration. We had the jade shrimp dumplings, the Shrimp & Lobster Chow Fun and the Broken Chili Chicken. Every dish was delicious and well seasoned. Our waiter was always around and courteous, except for when we needed our check in the end, which took a little while. The space is beautiful and the "last supper" long table in the middle of the dining room is grandiose & beautiful. It makes you feel like you're actually inside a castle. The chandeliers makes this grand experience all the more surreal. I highly recommend Buddakan for at least a one time visit.Came here while visiting NYC with four friends. We arrived on a Thursday evening around 8:45PM and the place was absolutely packed! Upon first glance, I noticed the high ceilings and beauty of the restaurant interior - completely stunning. We spoke with our server who was excellent in telling us about the menu and how best to enjoy ourselves. She mentioned it was all family style and each entree and appetizer could be split amongst the table. We took her recommendations on each section and could not have been happier. I admit, we went a bit extreme in terms of ordering and quantity. With four people, I believe we had over 12 different dishes (including appies, sides and main entrees) + dessert which was to die for! Some notables - Ronco Delle Betulle White Wine to start - very nice compliment to most of the savory and spicy dishes. Then, Sui Pork Buns, Chicken Dumplings, Chili Rock Shrimp, Charred Filet of Beef (absolutely unreal), Asian Green Stir Fry, Dungeness Crab Rice, and the dessert ... Chocolate Fondant and Szechuan Mille Feuille - stunning presentation and amazing flavor.I came here for my graduation dinner with family. I'm not complaining Abt the service in general (which was not so amazing). I am mainly concerned Abt smth more important: their tuna tartare was so bad. Tasted like blood and nothing like a tuna tartare. We were just at STK the night before and we had a great tuna tartare. After having this tuna tartare here at buddakan (not sure if it's really tuna) I felt nauseous right away. My sister felt the same too. I'm really concerned Abt this as it's a health issue more than it is smth that didn't come out tasty. Also the rock shrimp was not good. It was mainly a fries shell with nth inside (couldn't taste shrimp inside). Really disappointed that I made this choice for my grad dinner (although I have been here many times before and used to think it's fine). Now I know this place is getting so bad.. Unfortunately !!Appetizers are amazing! Edamame dumplings, glazed cod, noodles. Can't go wrong. Main courses were good and dessert was decent. Would go back and feast on appetizers any time.The ambience was amazing. Goes without saying. Simply check out the photos of the place.Fan of the Philly Buddakan, so of course wanted to visit the New York one. Had the monk fish and the lamb chops. Yummy. Ordered the vegetable rice as a side and that was just okay, so skip that.The building is beautiful, very dark inside with nice architecture. Oooo sooo sexy. You may walk by the restaurant because the door is very discrete. Our waitress was April and she was cool. Keep this as a date night restaurant fellas, your lady will be impressed.Make a reservation.We were a party of 8 and had an absolutely delicious meal and a wonderful time! We ordered from the tasting menu.  Every dish was cooked to perfection. The drinks were generous. The service was superb!  2 of our party couldn't eat shellfish and they brought out substitute dishes for them. Make sure to save room for dessert--mouth watering!!***TODO: In my queue since the dawn of time and never quite finished this review. Its been a while so I don't quite remember details but still worth sharing my notes:-ultra chic trendy restaurant in chelsea. -decor, ambiance, and people are quite hip-walking in through the doors u feel it-everyone dresses up to dress code here, its like a fashion show as u eat-incredibly friendly waiter! most accommodating and polite I have experienced while here in new york-hostess was kinda snootyDrinks:-tranquility: citrus vodka, lemongrass infused oolong tea --- SO GOODAppetizers:-edamame dumplings --- BOMB DOT COM GOOD-scallion pancakes --- PASSEntrees:-lobster fried rice --- GOOD-braised short rib --- SO GOOD-peking duck --- EHHH-some noodle dish --- EHHHDessert:-crying chocolate cake --- PASS-peanut butter bar --- EHHH-donuts --- YUP THATS ITWent on a thursday, wasn't extremely packed but had a good croud. Our waiter kevin knew his menu, & was informative..Food we orderedChicken Dumplings - were soo good, wish there was more than 6Chicken & shrimp spring rolls - only 3 but were big .. - not bad because I don't like seafood (like my partner) but there were only two baby shrimps in each.. The inside Was a bit on the cold side thoThe extremely high ceilings in this underground cavernous place contributed to the buzzing and meatpacking-ish ambiance. I loved the food here. The edamame dumplings that everyone was raving about were good, but they weren't exactly something I would order multiple times. The dumplings had creamy, mashed edamame beans inside - definitely nothing like I expected. Rock shrimp was very good but a little bit too salty. Lobster egg rolls were OK. Boneless spare ribs were good. Lobster fried rice was really good. Birthday dessert was very cute.The service is excellent and the food was delicious. The edamame dumplings and the charred filet of beef with Chinese sausage fried rice was to die for. I went for a one year anniversary and my date was stunned. The decor is beautiful. It is the best restaurant I have ever been to.I reserved a table for 6 about a month in advance. We had to add a few to our party once we arrived but we were seated within 30 minutes. The restaurant is beautiful but dark in some of the rooms. For an appetizer we had the lobster eggrolls and the dumplings. Both were delicious. For our meal we had the lobster fried rice and the crispy jumbo shrimp. The shrimp were absolutely amazing. For dessert we had the carrot cake which was almost too pretty to eat but it was superb. The price for two of us was about $130 with cocktails.I enjoyed my meal, ordered the General Tso's Dumplings and Lobster Fried Rice. I fel that the lobster rice could have been a little bit better, spice wise, but the lobster itself was delicious and fresh. Meatpacking is just such a scene, it's not Buddakan's fault. It just felt far too touristy and sceney for me to ever really enjoy a meal here. If I wasn't here for a birthday celebration, I probably would have skipped it.Pretty scenery, good food, VERY meatpacking and touristy. Just depends on the type of evening you want to enjoy.Great food. I went here for my anniversary and we had some of the soup dumplings. Delish!If your in NYC and know how to work the Subway or staying around the Chelsea District, this venue is a must try!!!  We loved the ambiance, service, and most importantly...the food!  Don't be fooled, this is not just another Chinese restaurant.  Their dishes are very innovative and tasty.  My husband and I enjoyed every last bite.Buddakan is pretty overwhelming, the building, decor, just massive. It's elegant and very well done, but it's an experience as much as the food is. We went on a week night and it was totally packed, luckily it was just a party of 2 so we got a seat immediately. We loved the whole experience, the only tiny low was that the front of house staff are a little full of themselves... But ignore their pretentiousness and stay and eat its worth it! We really didn't do our research about the food, which made our experience even more awesome ! We ordered a lot of food, far to much for two people! But we demolished it all. To start we had the Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly with Steamed buns, I'm not a fan of steamed buns but I realised the reason I'm not a fan was because I had never had a 'real' steamed bun! They were so incredible, especially paired with the Pork Belly - match made in heaven! We also had the Crispy Calamari Salad, incredible too! The miso vinaigrette just brought all the flavours together.For our mains we had the Filet of Beef and the Short Rib. All just done so well. The Filet was perfect and the Rib with the pear and mushroom was glorious. None of the flavours over powered anything else and all the ingredients complimented each other. We definitely ordered too much, but I would do it again in a heart beat ! The wait staff were really friendly and helpful and the food came out well spaced with everything beautifully plated.I was in AWE ! im not the kind of girl that rates restaurants based on how fancy smanshy they look. Just because a place is expensive doesn't necessarily mean they are good.So obviously decor is amazing. Very big Venue, professional. I love how the outside entrance, is a simple black door with no windows and on the inside its a whole establishment. Its as if you only go to Buddakan if you know about it or have a reservation. Not for walk-ins. So its a particular crowd. My friend had a corporate card so that was an A - OK to explore anything our starving bellies desired.Food... AMAZING!Of everything i tried my favorite were the ribs. Our waiter was attentive and engaged in just enough conversation.I definitely will be coming again and i recommend this place if you want to impress a date or celebrate some ones birthday the yummy way.A NYC staple!!! If you haven't been you have to go at least once. Great food, great decor and a fun time for big groups of friends.I'm not shy about my love of Buddakan. But I hadn't been there in 5 years so I was worried that my memories might have inflated my perception of the food. Not so! Everything was as good or better than I remember it.So the deal here is that it's family style Asian fusion food. You order a bunch of plate for the table and chow down. I believe our table ordered 2 appetizers and 3 entrees plus desserts. We had a very encouraging waiter. The waitstaff really is very friendly, especially considering how "upscale" this place is. They apologized several times that it was taking awhile for our table (about 10 minutes, but we were having cocktails so it was no big deal). Our waiter said he has been with the restaurant since the day it opened, and he really knew his stuff. He suggested great wines for the ladies to drink, assisted with our menu choices, and even threw in a few sorbet dessert. He was a pro and super friendly. I wish I could remember his name.Food: Definitely order the edamame dumplings. It's like fluffy little clouds of pure deliciousness, and the broth will really put you over the edge. We also had a steak appetizer and holy balls was the sauce that came with it delish. In fact, we loved it so much we kept the little pitcher back to use on our other dishes. The pork was equally as delish, though I found the pork fried rice with a fried egg to be a wee bit salt from the soy sauce. Personal preference I supposed.We also ordered 2 desserts, a szechuan peanut butter tart thing which was basically a spicy butterfinger aka amazeballs. A chocolate mousse with pistachio gelato, which was tasty but I found the mousse to be a bit thick and overpowering IMHO. Again, personal preference. We were also comped a dish of the sorbets which were so full of flavor I wanted to cry. So delicious.All in all, a truly lovely meal and totally worth the birthday splurge. I've never sat in the large open room at the bottom of the stairs, though I imagine it's quite noisy, if you can ask for a seat away from that room I highly recommend it as they are quite intimate and cozy.I was far from impressed with their lobster fried rice. When it came out within 5 minutes of ordering, anyone's gotta be suspicious of a microwaved entree.. Sure enough, it was below average on taste. I then switched out to the chinese sausage fried rice, which did take a good 15-20 minutes to come out.  Although it was slightly better than the lobster fried rice, the sausage rice had been drowned in so much soy sauce that despite having drank tons of water, I was still thirsty the remainder of the evening.So why am I not giving this a 2-star review? 2 words: E-D-A-M-A-M-E dumplings! Hands down the best dish I've had this entire NYC trip. The ground-up edamame inside the dumpling was heaven! I recommend you get 2 of these dishes per person if you can help it. (It is THAT good! I also sipped-up the broth from the plate on which the dumplings were served.)Equally impressive was the ambiance/decor of this restaurant. Aside from stuffed birds winking at you ( I sat near the top ledge, which displayed cabinets of our feathered friends), my table also overlooked the very long table below, which was a very nice touch.I usually try not to review places that have "enough" reviews, but it may be my ego that brings me here to at least throw in a couple opinions on this popular place:This was my second time here. The waitress recommended we dive in to the tasting menu. We came out alive - I don't know how. The tasting menu is INSANE. There is *so* much food. Oh my. Is this a bad thing? yes. My belly aches just thinking about it. We were full by the time appetizers were done. I do not lie. Spent, we dove in to the rest of the meal. You have never seen six petite women with such round bellies...Highlights that we totally loved?Lobster fried rice awesomeRock shrimp Broken chili chickenIf we dare go again, I'd like to try:Rock shrimp tempuraGenerla tso soup dumplingsSpring rollsCrying chocolateBlack codWe had a great waitress - very interactive and very animated. She was a show herself (she volunteered that she was a budding actress - a classic NYC cliche...). Service was good. Place was packed. Likely very toursity. Who cares - food is good and drinks are yummy.Our server, Joel, blew us away. Right off the bat, he asked our group of we were celebrating a special occasion (we were, a birthday), and he later surprised the birthday girl with a dessert and candle, without us asking. He was quick to clear our finished dishes and drinks and ask us if we'd like more. He gave great recommendations and was extremely accommodating for our friend who has a gluten allergy. If you have allergies, I recommend this place. As always, the food here was amazing and my friends liked the decor. It has a similar trendy vibe to Tao, without all the noise. They are also good about altering items on the menu.Beautiful and delicious. As good as it gets!!Those tuna tartar spring rolls are boom!!The food was good. The highlights were the general tso dumplings (careful when you bite into them, they squirt hot and sour broth), rock shrimp, the pepper beef, and my favorite, the vegetable rice with coconut foam. The Peking duck salad was just ok. I prefer my duck warm, so I should have known a salad with duck wouldn't be as appealing to me. The service on the other hand was so slow. Extremely slow. If you go, don't go on on a busy weekend night unless you have the patience to wait for a table and for service.Just had my fourth meal at Buddakan over the past several years and finally getting around to writing a review.The place looks great and the service is quite friendly and informed (more so than you might expect from this kind of restaurant).Our group of four tried 9 different items and I highly recommend this sharing approach. Dumplings were a hit (pork potstickers and crab/lobster). Boneless BBQ ribs were amazing, although the scallion pancake was a little tougher than I expected.Short rib with noodles and Mongolian lamb chops also all on point. Minor point -- not the best tasting shrimp I've ever had in the shrimp/lobster chow fun (I cannot find good shrimp at ANY restaurant anymore so I've given up).My personal favorite remains the crab sticky rice -- I could eat a bowl of that every day.Desserts were tasty if you have room left for them. I could probably quibble and find a reason to go with 4 stars but really after 4 visits over several years I've never been disappointed. They deserve the full 5.I was at Buddakan for a birthday celebration.  The building is very nondescript from the outside, but once inside it's BEAUTIFUL!!!! Nice romantic lighting, plenty of private seating, and perfect for larger parties.  I tried the Black Pepper Beef, the Salt and Pepper Black Bass, and the Lobster Fried Rice. Beef was perfectly cooked and the flavor was excellent.  The bass was flaky and came with this delicious pickled relish - sooo good.  The lobster fried rice was salty. Still tasty, but would have been so much better if it wasn't so salty.Service was pretty great.  The waiters are very attentive and kind.I will definitely be back!Really really good! I was really impressed with the quality of the good. The place is massive and has beautiful decor but the food and service even better. We came with a large grip and considered the tasting menu but opted for the more diverse menu options. The cod was my favorite dish as well as the tuna tartar spring rolls and dumplings.I'm usually wary of Chinese fusion, but this place pulled it off pretty well. The decor is pretty nice, too, so if you want some fanciness to your Chinese-ish food, this place has it! Overall, some dishes were great, and some were just OK. Even if I were filthy rich, I don't think I'd add this place to my usual rotation, but it is good for a date spot, or for a random craving of fancy Chinese fusion.Buddakan - why have you disappointed me so?  I was lured in by previous recommendations and Yelp reviews that promised me a fantabulous dinner and you met me with food that doesn't even taste as good as Chinatown's (yet you charge me 5x more).  I was wowed by the high ceiling and the sexy decor, but can you please turn the lights up a little?  I could barely see where I was going.  Shrimp Toast (appetizer), BPeking Duck, BLobster Fried Rice, C+Crying Chocolate Cake, B+The food is served almost immediately upon ordering and everything came at once, which makes me think that it isn't actually made-to-order since every table was filled.  How could they possibly make 6 dishes that fast (and I mean within 10 minutes)?  Portions are definitely small, and not meant for sharing at all.  This is actually rather contradictory to what they tell you about the dishes being meant to share family-style.  You'll definitely need at least one appetizer and an entree per person.  Our entire party literally left hungry after shelling out $40+ per person.  So yes, it's great if you really appreciate the work of a fine interior designer, but this place isn't for the foodie who wants to eat some solidly good food.What takes so long for me to re-discover Buddakan?!  Was I concerned it is over-hyped?  Was it because of my stereotype about Asian fusion? Was it because my lukewarm experiences of the services before? Maybe all of them. However, my recent two visits to Buddakan refreshes my impressions about Buddakan, especially my bday dinner here on the snow storm day. Yes, that is how strong my will for good food - stronger than snow storm :)The group of six of us arriving around 7 pm for our reservation. We were seated promptly. And the services from beginning to finish were impeccable. Since we had six, we were offered the three options of tasting menu, priced from $65 to $110 per person. We opted for the option 1, $65/pp. Trust me, unless you are starving, there is more than enough food for everyone with option 1. There were about six apps, four entree and 4 desserts. Every single bite was tasty and beautifully presented. Per my memory, for apps, we had:- edamame dumplings. Creamy edamame puree inside a green wrap. Super creamy texture and healthy. This was a crowd pleaser.- chicken soup dumpling. Savory juicy little bun. Another fave of the table.- Cantonese spring rolls. Good but nothing really special- Fried calamari salad. again good, but nothing to write about- Chilled udon salad. This might be the least favorite of the night because it was too sour and icy cold. It was about 10 F outside; who need icy noodle?!For main, we had:-hot and sour scallops. Giant seared sea scallops with woodear mushrooms and celery. The scallops were cooked to perfect, juicy and soft. I still thought about it the second day!- Glazed black cod with chili eggplant, black bean chow fun. Again, beautiful execution and presentation. Light and flavorful.- Sizzling short rib. I usually don't eat red meat. But this little piece of heaven literally melt in your mouth. Scrumptious and juicy. I could taste a little bit five spice from it. Very well seasoned.- Lobster fried rice and chili chicken. I did not taste either. Simply, I was too full and busy talking with friends :/  And I don't like rice ... But they looked really good. Dessert:By this point, all six of us well stuffed our face. But hey, it was my bday so no skipping the cake! And Buddakan made a special bday dessert for me - molten chocolate cake with espresso ice cream and cocoa powder plus a bday cookie with my name on it :) The Dark chocolate fondant was also amazing, especially love the crunchy rice crumbs and pistachios. The citrus sobert and the almond bread puddings were also great, per my friends, thought I did not touch the latter at all. I had to order a dupio and one Americano to wash down the dessert :( I felt I just added two pounds in one night....The wine list also well curated. We got a bottle lovely gruner from Austria for apps, and a well balanced merlot from Wala Walla, WA. Both were perfectly pairing with our dinner.All in all, amazing food and experiences. I would same probably one of the best in the past two years. And of course, I got to share with some of my best friends. Priceless.I shall definitely come back for drinks or special occasions. Or maybe just to please myself :)  Yes, lady, this place is gorgeous and has a club feel. Dress accordingly.I came here a few weeks ago for a friend's birthday, and we got one of the pre-fixe dinners. While the prices were a little steep, the quality of the food was top notch. I wasn't so impressed by the lobster fried rice, but the shrimp and beef dishes were amazing.You are definitely paying a premium price for the decor and service, but the food is really good, so Buddakan is definitely worth checking out!everything is good there.Food ,ambience,service. Is very big and very beautiful,they have different room so u can go many time and fell like u never been!Love it.And they close late the kitchenI went here for my birthday in June 2013, just forgot to review.One word! Amazing. I had a reservation for 10pm for 12 people. While waiting at the bar, I ordered a drink that had a very acrid aftertaste. I told the bar tender and he immediately gave me a different drink no questions asked.Everyone didn't arrive til probably 10:45, but they help our table and we were able to sit down immediately. They offered us a pre-fixe menu since our party was so large, but we opted to just order what we like. Since I frequently eat at the Buddakan in Philly, I already knew just what to order. The short ribs, pork ribs, edamame ravioli, glazed porkbelly, and rock shrimp are the apps I tasted. All 5 stars. For a main, I had the Mongolian Lamb chops which were perfection. Didn't do dessert, since we were in a rush to party. One of my friends bought me a bottle of champagne and they charge a $25 bottle open fee - which I thought was absurd, so I kept my bottle til later. LOL.Great experience! Bill totaled close to $1200 which wasn't as bad as I expected.Will be back.I went here for my birthday last year... the food was too salty and lacking flavor ,but all the stars go the the ambiance, interior design and architecture.Good food but small portions with a big price tag.The restaurant was pretty big and had multiple dining sections - closest to the entrance was a lounge like area. We were led past the lounge down the stairs where there was a long table probably used for celebrations and into the intimate dining area.We ordered the edamame dumplings that everyone kept raving about, but I thought it was too cheese-y and overrated. The calamari salad, dungeness crab sticky rice, jumbo shrimp and short rib were all delicious but came in very small portions. One entree per person in addition to a few appetizers to share were definitely not enough!For dessert we had the crying chcolate cake and almond bread budding. My party and I all agreed that we liked the latter more - the whiskey ice cream that came with the bread pudding was amazing and less conventional.Definitely a place to try but not necessarily frequent.This place is by far the prettiest most beautiful upscale restaurant I think I have been to! It is that restaurant that makes you feel so happy to go to, and its a great place to go on a special date.   My husband and I went here a few times.  One of which was our little celebration for being engaged last year.  The decor and ambiance is literally insane.  This place is humongous for a NYC restaurant, which never really happens.  Everything is just so grand! When you walk in, there is a beautiful front desk, where you are greeted, and seated almost immediately.  I feel like we were overwhelmed with the decor, but in a good way because its just that beautiful!  The decor alone is insane, I could go on about it forever.The food is just as amazing as the decor.  It is expensive, and you basically share everything, but it is so good and worth the price as well as the experience.  We had the edamame dumplings, which literally are beyond insane.  They are a must have!  Literally I see myself craving them because they were that good.  We also had the Peking duck salad, which was soooo good! Def a different type of salad but it was amazing.  We had a few other things, but that was what stuck out the most.THis place is amazing, def go for a special occasion!!Delish! Great service and awesome atmosphere. Loved the Lo Mien and Chili rock shrimp! Charm specialty cocktail was very good too.Had a reservations for Saturday night 6/14. My whole party, 4 of us, showed up on time and checked in. The hostess told us to sit at the extremely busy bar and she would come find us. We sat for 30 minutes, past our reserved time and had no one come check in us and no waitress ever stopped by to ask us if we wanted a drink. . She told us that there were still 2 tables in front of us. During the 30 minutes we were sitting there we had seen multiple groups being sat who had showed up after us. My SO check back in with the hostess and she once again asked if we were all here, which we had told her before when we checked in. We were not happy with this so we choose to leave. Buddakan is loud, dark and pretentious. I felt like I was in Vegas at a club with people being there to be seen. I really wanted to like the place based on previous experiences at Starr Restaurant Le Diplomate in DC being superb.Easilly one of the best meals I've ever had. Took my girlfriend here for dinner, and the food was worth every cent. Staff was helpful and the resteraunt was like a well oiled machine. I'd definately reccommend to a friend.Trendy and expensive... it's a date place. Low lighting and theatrical service all make for a "Sleep no more" type of experience.The first time I went there was when it opened and then again very recently. The food was nice, not mind blowing, but good enough for a fancy meal out on the town.My friends and I came here with no reservation on a Saturday night for my birthday. They sat us pretty quickly which we all really appreciated.  The service was good for the most part but the waitress seemed a little impatient with us (reason for the 3 stars).  The place itself was really trendy and the decor was pretty amazing.The food itself was really, really good though the portions were really small.  What I really loved was the fact that all the food was placed in the middle of the table like a family style setting.  I would come here again but I hope that out next waitress/waiter is a little more patient, especially since it was our first time there.I couldn't imagine this place being a locals hotspot, being a sex and the city reference and all...but wow! The place was poppin' Friday night with the after work crew.I imagine that this place has high reviews for ambience and people. The food was average...but it seems like a great spot to hang out.We had reservations for 2 at 8:45 and were sent to their crowded and dark bar lobby area. I had no idea how they were supposed to find us when our reservation was ready but they did. Our waitress informed us that the entrees may take up to an hour to come out so we had to order in advanced. We opted to order mostly apps and sides to get a range of stuff. Our food flooded out in less than 5 mins! We were literally done with drinks and food in like half an hour. Luckily it didn't matter to us since we had plans to meet with friends but wow. Never experienced anything like it.The services were good but the food was not good.  The place is huge!Came here with a large group for a birthday celebration. At first I was nervous because the menu seemed quite expensive for small dishes, but the quality makes it quite worth it. There's a great selection of appetizers, and entree can be ordered a la carte style. You order your protein and side separately.The atmosphere is dark and sexy. Upstairs by the bar is quite modern. Downstairs is wide and formal. Just at the bottom of the stairs is a super long table, set beautifully, as if they expect a large dinner party to come.Since we were such a large group, we ordered almost half the appetizers and entrees, even seconds of a couple. These are the ones I tried:Edamame dumplings - light, chewy wrapping, delicious in it's subtley of flavor.Jade shrimp dumplings - delicious, pleasant crunch from the water chestnuts. I had 2.Whole Peking Duck - delicious, amazing, moist, flavorful. The condiments they give you for the wrapping is the perfect accompaniment. If there's one entree you can get here (amongst the dizzying selection of appetizers), definitely get this.Wok tossed noodles with prawns - the sauce was great. noodles chewy. shrimp were cooked well and bean sprouts gave a good contrast in texture.Lobster fried rice - great flavor. moist, tender bits of lobster. crunchy bits of onion for texture.Simply put, Buddakan has the "Wow-Factor." From the moment I walked in, I was amazed by the decor and mere size of the restaurant. The atmosphere felt so sleek and fun, perfect for my recent visit to NYC.I had heard great things about the ambiance of Buddakan, but I was pleased that everything else was just as impressive. My waitress was friendly and informative, knowing the ins and outs of the menu perfectly. Most importantly, the food was delicious! The Edamame Dumplings were some of the most delicious things I have ever tasted (so happy my friend ordered them, I never would have thought to). The ginger crusted lamb chops were another standout. Everything was delicious, but I do feel the dishes lack much creativity. I ordered the Fever drink, honestly nothing too special.Reservations are really difficult to get here, but then again aren't all the best places like that?Beautiful decor.  A romantic place for date night.  I dont usually go for Chinese food but every once in a while,  I would stray from my typical favorites.  I dont know if their food is anyrhing to write home about but I recommend dining here for the pure enjoyment of dining at a fine establishment in the great city of New York.From the moment I walked in I felt a sense of magic. Everything about this place screams perfection. Kermit the manager being so gracious. Every waiter incredibly in tune to every need. Food was amazing. I can't wait to go backA few years ago I was introduced to the soup dumpling (XIAOLONGBAO). We went into china town, to a place that we were warned will have a line. Sure enough, there was indeed a 45 minute wait. I argued that it's not worth the wait when we were surrounded by a multitude of dumpling joints. He insisted, and I'm glad he did. I've been obsessed with soup dumpling ever since. I've been all over NYC & Seattle devouring soup dumplings at any establishment that serves them. A few have come close, but none were as good as the first time I had them, until I tried the General Tso dumplings at Buddakan. Simply Amazing. The portion and quantity are a bit light but it matters not. They alone are worth dining here.STOP! JUST STOP!!! What the hell was that? Oh my God, I have found my new favorite restaurant. The décor is absolutely sexy, the staff is uber attentive, the food...oh dear, the food! A fusion of Euro-Asian gastronomy. There wasn't a single item that I was soft on. Their plating was immaculate, the temperature control to the table was flawless, the pace of the meal was seamless, perfect portioning. I can go on and on!If you have a chance to go, ask for the server that looks like Drew Berrymore (no, really). While I shamefully can't remember her name, she was such a brilliant host. attentive, smart recommendations, warm..just brilliant.Let it be known, this place is not cheap, but you get more than what you pay for!A must for tourists and a should for New Yorkers.Was worried this restaurant wouldn't live up to the hype but everything was quite good. That being said, the apps were definitely the stars of the evening. We ordered lobster dumplings, tuna tartar spring rolls, pork belly buns, and chili rock shrimp. the shrimp was light and crispy.the dumplings and buns were wonderfully balanced, and I could've eaten 20 of the spring rolls and left happy. As for the mains, they were all good, but no standouts. the dungeness crab sticky rice and imperial beef and broccoli were a tad over-salty. both desserts were amazing, with all components coming together. would go back and stick to apps and desserts!one complaint, i love that everything comes out famliy style but the plates are just too big for the quantity of food on them. the table gets overcrowded and we all ate a bit anxiously trying to clear plates off the table.the service was great during the meal, and then after we'd asked for the check, i asked 3 different servers for a water refill (15 minutes b/w sorting out the bill and everyone in the party going to the bathroom) and NEVER GOT IT. if it hadn't been christmas (no one wants to be a scrooge!) and our main server hadn't been so delightful i definitely would've docked on tip for that blatant oversight.If you're looking to find a place to impress your friends or family with Thai cuisine, this place is it.Delicious appetizers and entrees make Buddakhan a place worth returning to.Food - 9Ambience - 10Service - 8Beautiful space and ambience, great cocktails and EDAMAME DUMPLINGS WERE AMAZING. Everything else was just average. It's hard to really elevate Mapo tofu , lo mein, or fried vegetables. I expected more from the Chinese sausage fried rice but just tasted like regular fried rice. The steak was well-cooked and the mustard sauce was delicious. For dessert, the bread pudding was a hit and the green tea doughnuts were perfectly soft and warm! Wish there was more black sesame paste! Would go again just for the edamame dumplings....HOLLY SHIT!evan though my server was kind of nasty i will give them 5 stars! even 6 if i could!this is one of my favorite in NYC.please try dumpling edamame, it will make you wanna jump on your head...over all: great serviceawesome food! i beg you to go and try the dumpling, it is one thing you have to do before you die.Fun place to go with friends for a lively atmosphere and delicious drinks. However, in my opinion, either a hit or miss with the food, so be careful with what you order!Asian fusion continues to fail to impress, but I wasn't expecting too much to begin with. Decor is great the the ambience is fitting. The food, however, seems to be just your average Chinese food with expensive ingredients you can not taste. There is prolly a good reason you don't put lobster in fried rice...This is my second time here and I absolutely love it. I recommend that you dress up, and the environment is dim but beautiful. The staff was very knowledgeable and friendly. We got the bobo platter for the appetizer, which is just a sampler but my favorite were the spare ribs and tuna egg rolls (which says a lot because I don't even like tuna haha). We tried their specialty drink "charm" which was delicious, although I didn't really taste much alcohol in it. I got the lemon chicken which was really well prepared but the Sauce was a little more sour than I expected but I guess jokes on me haha. For dessert my friend got the crying chocolate which was a great way to finish off the meal followed by their dessert port wine which was beyond delicious. Definitely want to come back!Wasn't thoroughly impressed. Atmosphere was really good along with mixed drinks. Maybe it's because I'm Asian but I've definitely had better fusion food.On a recent visit to NYC for a birthday celebration we decided to finally give Buddakan a try. I can't tell you how many times I've heard people rave about this place. I'm happy to report that we had a lovely evening, but I don't know if it is necessarily worth the hype.First of all, the interior and decor is amazing. I love the openness and the feeling like you are almost underground. It is very smooth. I didn't enjoy that on a Saturday early evening every single person that was seated was literally seated right next to each other in one section. Right in front of the space they bring the dirty dishes. It felt like the entire restaurant was empty except right near us. It felt weird.Unfortunately we also got stuck with a bum server. It took him forever to finally come speak to us and it felt rushed talking with him. I overheard him speaking to other groups around us, because we were all right on top of each other, and he was just really condescending with every question they asked. The food was hit or miss. Mostly hits though! Some standouts for us were the pot stickers, tuna tartare spring rolls, fried rice, and scallops. We had probably ordered about 1 dish too many but fortunately (?) our server forgot to place that part of the order and we never got it. I'm glad that we went to check this place out, but once was enough for me.What's all the hype abt!?Went here on a Tuesday night. The place was PACKED to where I thought... is it Saturday? Anywho.... Ladies at the front desk are sweet. They told us to wait in the lounge to be seated. Shortly after we were taken downstairs.. This place is HUGGEEEE. We are seated. How can six ppl be ready to order and no one is in sight... Really!?I tasted everyone's plate. We had:-Xing bass rolls.. Mmm :/-pork dumplings.... Good-scallion pancakes.. Not very tasty- chicken dumpling.... Okay- charred fillet of beef HORRIBLE! I want my money back! And it was so cold... EWW-Mongolian lamb chops. TASTY! Wish I had ordered that!-Glazed Alaskan black cod (not memorable)- hot & sour scallops (not memorable)- broken chilli chicken TASTY- lobster fried rice.... COLD and STALE. Was that leftovers or something!?!?DRINKSFEVER needs to come off the menuFATE was okay and seemed like the best thing aside from dessert!REFLECTION... SmhWe gave up on drinks and went for Patron shots! The best thing was desert!! The crying chocolate, the spice carrot cake, and the bread budding were OMG delicious!! I wish I would have just ordered that as my main course.Other than that, I don't think I'll be back. It's a pretty spot but that's abt it...What a disappointment... Someone one please tell me I caught them on a bad night...This is the most splendid restaurant...if you don't care about food or money.Will your out of town friends be totally impressed with your ability to get into a sick looking place last minute on Friday night?  Damn right they will, and the decor of the place is not to be skipped over, its mastered the correct blend of hip meatpacking night club with elements of my grandmother's farmhouse in China.  Modern with vibrant colors, yet its got the same wood work and vases as grandma's house.The problem with this place is that the food looks beautifully plated and I want to believe it will be just as tasty as it's presented.  But its amazing how they can make such beautiful plates yet manage to suck out all the flavor and replace it with subpar fake chinese takeout restaurant quality flavor.  If they kept the same venue and replaced everything with Panda Express I might have 3 stared the place.But my biggest gripe was the last time I went with a large group.  The waiter asked if we would like to split the appetizers so that everyone in our group could get a piece.  Who would say no to that?  And what a surprise it was, we got all this extra food!!  Too bad we ended up paying some ridiculous "extra add on" fee.  Come on, I thought this was a classy restaurant, not some used car dealership from hell.TL;DR: Everything looks cool, but the menu might have more taste than the food, and you'll be shaken down for money similar to how a crackhead would treat my piggybank.I came here with a friend for his Holiday party. I thought the decor and the ambiance was really cool. A little bit on the darker end, but I definitely was a fan.We had a lot of their dishes and I thought the food was really good. Everything we had was pretty amazing, the fish, the duck, the shrimp. Definitely worth coming back.Well, I think that my little old review dose not mean much when it comes to an 800 pound gorilla like budakan. I was waiting to go to this place for years. It is an nyc legend. Maybe there was to much build up over the years, but it did not live up to my exceptions. I will start with the tuna tar. The very first bite was down on a nice piece of bone. I showed it to the waiter who in turn apologized and took the dish away. The manager was quick to come over took the tuna off the bill and gave a the pork buns at no charge. Unfortunately the pork belly was not great. Pork belly is very fatty and that is the way it is meant  to be, but this was overly fatty with almost no meat, just mushy. For the main course I got sausage fried rice and my husband got steak. The dishes were good but did not knock our socks off. Feeling a little disappointed we asked for the check. The waiter, I thinking sensing our disappointment in the meal had a manager come over. This was done even know we did not complain about the meal or ask to see a manager. I would like to thank the waiter and manager for excellent customer service. The manager sent over two desserts on the house and I will tell you this. The dessert was out of the world. I will go back to budakan based on the dessert and the awesome customer service.My wife wants it to be known that we really debated over 4 or 5 stars.   This restaurant is really the best when it comes to Asian Fusion in NYC. For those that want a special food experience and have preconceived notions about Chinese food as a culinary treat then this restaurant will challenge your thinking. My advice is to keep ordering and keep trying everything you can in a group setting.  The decor is special and the only issue with the layout is the noise and fast pace. Funny that a restaurant whose namesake references Buddha is anything but peaceful.On the flip side, your senses will be left heightened.A fancy New York place where you can take people to impress them.  If you get food and drinks for two it will go over $100 for sure.  The usual cocktails containing ingredients with fancy names.  Various dishes with elaborate names but relatively simple ingredients really.  Lots of salty, sugary and oily sauces.Nice venue though.  Grandiose and labrynthine.I would go again but I could get by with much less.I highly recommend this restaurant! Delicious food and very romantic atmosphere. Expensive but worth every penny!Some of the most delicious Asian-fusion cuisine I have ever had.Oh my yum. This is the type of restaurant that makes me wish I lived in NYC. The moment we walked in I could tell we were in for a treat. Beautiful decor accented by perfectly subtle lighting made for a fantastic ambiance. And the smell coming from the kitchen was so divine. Once inside, you couldn't drag me out without a fight. :-)Deciding on a meal was really hard. The menu is huge and everything looked awesome. As always, I made sure to over-order to ensure I could try as many items as possible in one sitting. Seafood was the star of our meal. Delicious crustacean surrounded by oodles of noodles bathed in a sauce that made me want to lick the plate. Lobster egg rolls. Crab with sticky rice. Heaven. Service at Buddakan was very good and our server offered good suggestions for mixed drinks that paired well with our meal. I highly recommend allowing yourself plenty of time to chill out while consuming this amazing cuisine. The restaurant is a work of art in itself and you're going to want to take it all in. I didn't spend any time at the bar but I get the impression that this trendy locale is a place to see and be seen.The cravings have not stopped since my visit and I can't wait to go back and enjoy this gem again.We had to reserve our table 3 weeks in advance but the experience was as expected. Need to say more? It's fantastic, from the decoration to the atmosphere, drinks, & food. The food was served in small portions but it worth every penny you spend. We liked the elevation cocktails, pork dumplings, lo mein, lamb chop.The two times I came here for dinner,  the bill was taken care of by my company so I can't comment on the cost-value of the food.Food 3/5I typically am very biased to Asian fusion, but I had no qualms with the food here. But I was also not mind blown by any dish.Appetizers of note: edamame dumplings, Peking duck saladEntrees of note: glazed Alaskan codDecor 4/5I would honestly say the atmosphere and decor would be the #1 reason to take someone here, especially if they are from out of town. Buddakan has a dark and sultry look and feel - it is the epitome of a trendy restaurant in New York, the type you used to see on Sex and the city. Grand geometric patterns fill the walls and doors, chandeliers decorate the high ceilings in the basement. Pretty impressive for out of towners.Service 5/5Impeccable service, friendly and knowledgeable wait staff.Would I pay to come here on my own wallet? Probably not. Would I come here just for the food? Probably not. Would I come here if I had to put on a show for a bunch of visitors? Probably.I had really high hopes for this place. The decor is gorgeous. The drinks are expensive, but delicious. I really didn't like the food. Everything we ordered just tasted very simple and reminded me of overpriced Chinese food. Really not impressive. The dessert was delicious, but I don't think I'll be returning here just for the drinks and dessert.Hands down the best restaurant in New York. Not only does it have one of the best ambiance settings, but the food is SPECTACULAR. I would have no problem coming here and have take out from how good the food is. Things that you MUST get:- Rock Shrimp Tempura- Calamari Salad- Black Cod- Vegetable Fried Rice- Almond Banana BreadFancy and trendy Asian fusion spot with good food and service, not cheap!Get the edamame dumpling please if you love ravioli; get the general tso chicken dumpling if you crave for soup dumpling. They are both unique twists of traditional cuisine,and delicious!!As for the entree, the monk fish was my most favorite dish of the night - crispy and flavorful on the ouside, and juicy meat on the inside. The black cod ranked the second, I feel like it could be better though... The steak entree was quite disappointing - avoid for sure!! (why the hell would we order mediocre steak at an Asian place in the first place anyways..)Dessert, we tried the crying chocolate, and almond bread pudding with whisky ice-cream. The latter was awesome!!Anyhow, at the end of the day, expect a big fat check, and enjoy the food and ambiance! It's not the best place for people who care about price-to-value, but it's a GREAT place for those novelty seekers!There's upscale classy and upscale trashy, trendy chic and trendy vulgar, and this place falls in the latter on both counts.Unimpressive decor, tawdry to the max. Awful, awful service.We had a reservation for 10pm and arrived at 9:50. The hostesses at the long, corporate-receptionist-like counter were impersonal behind their computer screens and told us brusquely to wait at the bar and they'll "find" us. The bar/lounge area is set apart from the reception and filled with people. People sitting and eating, people standing and drinking, people getting seats and ordering food. Sorry, but you didn't even LOOK at us when we walked in, so how are you going to find us in this mess?We decided to give it a shot and squeezed our way through heavily cologned and perfumed, self-described "beautiful people" to get drinks. I have had better lychee martinis named as such (not "Haze" - wow, so avant-garde) in non-Asian-themed bars in Alphabet City. At 10:20 we started flagging down the hostesses wandering around with clipboards to ask them about seating us. That's how you'll "find" us, by us doing all the work? We saw a couple get a table next to where we were standing (dining in this lounge/glorified bro bar CANNOT be a pleasant experience), and they were ignored for a good ten minutes. By the time we - I stress, WE - found a hostess who decided she could seat us, it was 10:35.We left.I agree with the many negative reviews. (Wei. G, you are so right, only wish I read your review beforehand and saved a bundle of $$$). This is another NYC SOS (scene over substance) and not my scene at all. I didn't mind the interior--it's not pitch dark as some have described--but the crowd got on my nerves immediately. (won't elaborate) And we had to wait 30 minutes in the packed bar (torture!) past our reservation time.As for the food... --the chili rock shrimp app (touted as one of the best apps) was soggy.--the general tso soup dumplings were actually great--boneless spareribs,  uninspired--broken chili chicken, bland--kung po monkfish, too mildly spiced--vegetable rice with curry foam, didn't taste any curry, and arrived cold--charred pea shoots, again arrived cold, waitress among the missingWould I return here? Nope.Pork belly was sooo tender and the chili rock shrimp was deliciously crunchy.  I would say these two are must haves.  The Lobster and shrimp dumpling was good too in terms of appetizers, but the entrees we tried were not particularly notable.  The Singapore crab was well flavored, and seemed extremely fresh, the lobster fried rice was a bit dry, and the duck and wonton soup was decent.  Drinks aren't really worth it in my opinion.  Dessert was really unique and two of my favorites were the Date cake with barley ice cream (oh.my.god.soooo yummy) and almond bread pudding with whiskey ice cream (a bit too sweet and heavy for me though).  The place is really dark, but looks very mysterious in a classy way.  Be prepared to spend $$ though...this place was definitely pricey.Oh and the server was really nice as we had 5 people and she made sure our appetizers were served so each person got a taste of everything (as portions are usually made for 4).Beautiful, gorgeous restaurant. You can tell that every room had been thoroughly thought out for the most impressive first impressions. Everywhere I turned it was like a new experience. Foodwise, everything we ordered was delicious except for one (which was recommended by the waiter, oddly enough): the edamame dumpling. Way, way too pasty and thick. It was just not a pleasant texture- imagine wet cottonballs in your mouth. And I wasn't too impressed with their sake cocktail- very watered down tasting. But the rest of the food items we ordered were plate-licking worthy. I wish I had the budget and stomach to taste everything on the menu. Definitely will not be a cheap date if you pick this place. But it's worth to experience at least once.We had an awesome time at this place. First let me preface by saying we had a large party. For large parties this place is great. If you have been here before you will know there are several large tables throughout the restaurant perfect for larger parties. What you may not know is they have a sampler menu that if six or more people at the table order, you can get. There are three different menus, depending on how hungry you are, and they are surprisingly reasonably priced. It includes a variety of appetizers, multiple main courses and dessert. The food was amazing as you would expect at this establishment, and the service amazing. Our server, Erin, made the evening even more enjoyable. In addition the drinks were great. There is one called tranquility which I recommend. Thanks for reading and enjoy!After giving this place a try I must go back...........the rice wasn't oily at all, the customer service was on point as wellIf you want to make you want to spend a romantic evening with your wife then this is a great place to go.  If you want good food and good service and good prices then you may want to look elsewhere.  Although if you can't get reservations anywhere else, chances are you can get them here. I took my wife here on a weekend trip to NYC.  She has yet to see a real, live celebrity so being in a place where Sex and the City was filmed was so cool for her.  We had to take a few awkward photos which I'm not a fan of. I do admit that the ambiance here is really cool though.As for the food, maybe we just ordered wrong but there was nothing that was stand out, knock your socks off delicious. We ordered the raved about edamame dumplings and I did not think they were good at all (I must be a weirdo). We also had the lobster fried rice and again it wasn't anything to write home about. The crying lava cake redeemed Buddakan in the end, the presentation super cool.  So my recommendation, would be to come here for desert, and the ambience.Contrary to other reviews, I found my dining experience to not live up to the hype. The food was good and the decor was unlike anything I had ever seen before, but the service was very pretentious and slow. I expected better service here for a restaurant of this price and reputation. Overall, I'd give this place a 3.5 star rating.Had high expectations that weren't met...  The cocktails we ordered were not good at all.  The short rib pancakes were delicious and the miso cod very tasty, otherwise the Lobster fried rice was served cold and lacked in flavor and the sampler appetizer was just ok.  I much prefer Tao.  The service was excellent however, and the restaurant is beautiful.Good food, excellent decor. Our server downstairs by the bar had massive attitude. He said to every table that been working for 9 years and knows his stuff. Would not admit his fault in conveying wrong menu. Completely ignorant while customer is speaking to him. Walks away making a remark. Maybe he had his sense of humour. But did not work for us. Food was good though.I can only speak about the lounge/bar. We went there while waiting for friends and grabbed drinks at the bar. The elevation and the tranquility drinks. They were both outstanding and extremely refreshing. The place was packed and loud. The bartender was very nice. We will have to try out the food next time we are in town.Been here a few times and the last time I was just underwhelmed.Yes, the restaurant is gorgeous and the drinks are delicious, but I feel the food and service has gone downhill, or at least when I was there last it did not live up to expectations. First, it took literally 20 minutes for our server to take our food order.  He kept walking right by our table but totally neglected us which was beyond weird.  When he finally came over and we ordered he seemed rushed and annoyed.  Maybe he was having a bad day, but I'm sorry this is an upscale restaurant. Please suck it up. The food took a while to come out and once it arrived it was not hot and didn't blow me away.  Another fail.  We didn't complain since we were starved.  The waiter did not check up on us at all.  It's too bad because my previous experiences with this restaurant were all incredible.  A server can really make or break your experience at a restaurant and it ruined ours at Buddakan.   Buddakan, please make sure all of your servers are customer service oriented!! And maybe if the food was hot it would have tasted better.  Side note: The edamame dumplings are my favorite there.  Id go back just for that.Awesome vibe, cool theatrical ambiance, service tends to be quite friendly and knowledgeable... The food is always interesting and creative.I have eaten at Buddakan a number of times each has always been a wonderful experience with outstanding service, drinks and food.For those that have never eaten there the dishes re truly meant to be shared as most of the menu is appetizers and dim sum dishes (basically Asian tapas)They also have a number of entrees and side dishes as well which run the gamut from seafood such as chilli king crab and lobster with black bean to duck and sizzling short ribs over mushroom fun noodles.The concept is basically Asian fusion, primarily spanning from Cantonese and Japanese style cooking.I enjoy these styles tremendously and typically frequent authentic Cantonese style seafood and dim sum houses quite often.The ideal way of ordering food, especially if you are in a group is start off with a mix of appetizers and dim sum dishes.One of my favorites to get especially if I am there with just my partner is the Bo Bo platter - which comes with two pieces each of shrimp toast, tuna tartar spring rolls, boneless spare ribs, carrot dumplings and a shrimp spring roll.It's an excellent appetizer combination platter and the perfect representative of the various flavors the restaurant offers. It's also and excellent value at $29 considering most appetizers are approx $12 to $15.The shrimp toast is very unique as unlike your run of the mill shrimp toast that are shaped like triangles these are shaped like balls. They taste really good.The spare ribs are excellent, well flavored and very tender. The carrot dumplings are quite unique in terms of shape and color as they are orange, shaped like carrots even with a green stem. The best word to describe this is whimsical or maybe fun. The dumplings are filled with a mix of tasty veggies. Solid.The spring roll is quite delicious. It's wrapped in a thin n crispy traditional fried rice wrap and filled with shrimp and a mix of veggies. Very traditional style, really good.The highlight of the platter hands down are the tuna tartar spring rolls.These rolls are the epitome of what this restaurant is doing in terms of creativity and in fusion.They take pieces of high grade yellow fin tuna mixed in a light siracha style spicy mayo and wrapped in a cold yet crispy fried rice wrapper. They were soooo good that we ordered another additional order of the tuna tartar.We also ordered the rock shrimp tempura as a starter. It's an excellent representation of this tasty and fun to share appetizer which was made famous at Nobu and is now on just about every sushi joint menu.The thing is that most places that offer it almost always never use rock shrimp and either use baby (popcorn) shrimp or cut regular sized shrimp into smaller pieces.It simply isn't the same thing.If you have never had or seen a rock shrimp its actually closer to lobster then shrimp in terms of texture and their sweet flavor. They also have a rock hard shell.The shrimp are just fried to perfection with a light tempura batter and lightly tossed in a delicious spicy mayo.It's easily one of my favorite appetizers from just about any restaurant anywhere.The shrimp ate always cooked to perfection, light, sweet shrimp with the spicy yet not overpowering. It works very well.For our main course we decided to go with the sizzling short ribs over fun noodles.The short ribs were braised to perfection, tender, full complex flavors of depth sitting atop of mushroom fun noodles that are the perfect compliment to the beef.The beef was so tender I began to just pull it with my fork and mixed it up with my noodles.It worked perfectly and suggest it to anyone who loves short ribs, braised meats and fun noodles. Overall it was a phenomenal experience and each has always been better then the last....It should be noted that my very first experience was over three years ago almost to the day for my co workers wife's birthday which happens to be two days after mine.My last experience happened to be last Saturday, which happened to be the day after my bday to celebrate my bday.My first experience was much more in depth as we got to try just about every appetizer and piece of dim sum.Some of my favorites being the general tso chicken soup dumplings - truly a unique app. But may not be for everyone as the flavors can throw ppl off.I personally love the appetizer ESP since I love both general tso chicken n LOVE soup dumplings.Imagine if generals tso had seduced the lovely soup dumpling for an amazing night of relations n your offspring would be the general tso dumplings at buddakan.Overall the food and alcohol are both pricey but extremely outstanding.It is easily one of my favorite restaurants in NYC.Go with friends and splurge!!!One word: Amazing.First and foremost, Buddakan -- despite being part of the NYC/cultural landmark and history (having been featured in Sex & The City) -- is really a remarkable restaurant. It's lit like a club and its musical soundtrack is a bit subdued for a club but it's a bit louder than a bar. The acoustics, the lighting and the patrons are, more or less, club folk, and the staff wears earpieces and wireless radios more like Secret Service bearing chic aprons than Costco employees.Having said all that, my expectations were essentially nil, because I didn't know much about this place other than that it has a great reputation. And once we sat down and began dinner, I realized why. And that's before we even acknowledged one of us was celebrating a birthday that evening.We started with short rib buns and chicken dumplings, and our mains -- which we sort of shared -- were lamb chops, kung pao monkfish, pepper beef and a filet dish. We also ordered the green stir fry -- garlic, chinese veg, amazing -- and the chinese sausage fried rice.I could regale you with all sorts of adjectives that would leave you with your mouth watering mirroring some sadistic Pavlovian experiment. But that wouldn't be fair -- unless you're two minutes away from a reservation at Buddakan, in which case it would be great for you (and not for me, having to relive this amazement).Overall, I can say without hesitation that none of what we ordered was mediocre, okay, or even remotely average. Everything was well-prepared, interesting, unique and creative. Lamb chops with a sweet-and-savory asian crust, perfectly medium rare; short ribs with puffed buns that disintegrate once they reach your mouth. A chinese-esque stiry fry that makes you forget about the proteins and has you contemplating -- if for a second or three -- placing an order for a replacement -- and that's with short ribs on the table.I 'spose the bottom line is short and sweet -- amazing. Great for celebrations -- a friend's birthday, release from prison, whatever -- but the real crime would be to skip this place because or in spite of its proper place in NYC cultural history.Atmosphere was terrific, interesting decor, very attractive.  Selection of background music and sound level very fitting.  Everything we ate was excellent & beautifully presented.  Server was a bit robotic but he was helpful & did his job well.  Bartender & host were friendly & accommodating.  We were pleased with this restaurant & would recommend it.  We will return!Very quick service and tasty food. Nice waiting room with heat while waiting to be seated.I came here for a business dinner so the report might be a bit biased as we received special service. Regardless, I had a great time!1) Great service from servers who actually talk to you and have fun doing so2) My favorite dishes from our shared meal included:Broken chili chickenedamame dumplings (the filling is smooth and creamy)sizzling short rib (the meat falls off the bone)glazed alaskan black cod (the fish just about melts in your mouth)I would love to come backI came here on a Tuesday night and was a few minutes late to my reservation but they were very understanding and sat us at our table before we could order a drink from the bar. I loved the tuna spring roll appetizers, seriously order these they are little bites of heaven. I also enjoyed the pork buns, general tso's dumplings and the lobster friend rice. I would have to say the lobster fried rice was a little bit underwhelming. While it had chunks of lobster it tasted a bit plain and under seasoned. The service and decor was awesome. The small plates and the chocolate lava dessert were definitely the stand out.I really like this place but will only allow 4 stars because my dinner was not up to the same standards as the original Buddakan in Philadelphia.  Seems like Steven Starr is one Restaurateur who takes the opposite approach.  While many top names in the industry start out in NYC and then branch out across the country/globe, Steven made his bones in Philly and brought the winning recipe for success to New York.  Buddakan, Morimoto and the recently opened El Vez (Battery Park) all originated in Philly and the sister versions are doing great in NYC.  My experience with the Meat Packing location was really good although I felt the food was just a little off (bland) that night.  I am specifically speaking to the Chilean Sea Bass and the Calamari Salad which are two items that are a must have when visiting Buddakan.  In comparison to Philly the place is huge.  We were surprised by the size of this place as our hostess walked us from the bar to the table.  We only waited for 20min before getting to our table. I guess that is a good thing on a Saturday.  Question-  Am I the only one that sometimes wants to stay and have a little longer drink time at the bar before getting to the table?  Especially the bar at Buddakan.  I'm just not sure why everyone is always in such a hurry to get to their table.  Enjoy the night people.All in all the dinner was still a great experience and I wouldn't hesitate to come back.  I am really hoping El Vez ( Battery Park) is just as great as the original.  We shall see.This is the best Asain food on the island. It is very expensive and everything comes in tiny portions. Dinner for the two of us was $240. I ordered the edamame dumplings, Lobster egg rolls, Lobster Fried Rice, Black Pepper Beef, King Crab Hot Pot, everything was delicious except for the crab hot pot, it was way over spiced and lacking crab meat, but besides that one item all the food was delicious! My server (who's name was ben) was great, everything was served promptly, as soon as i finished something they removed the empty dish or glass and replaced it with a new drink or new plate.Sexy restaurant atmosphere and edamame dumplings are amazingService was great except that we had to wait an extra 30 minutes to get our food when we were one of the first seated and to order.Edamame Dumplings 5/5 (sublime, the filling just makes you smile when you take a bite)Lobster Spring rolls 4/5Chili Rock shrimp 0/5 (sent it back because it tasted like oiled fried bread and no shrimp)Pork Belly - 2/5 needs much more sweetness and the 2 is for the buns which are steamed nicely, Ippudo NY has MUCH better pork bellyLobster Fried Rice - 4/5 (yummy but had to wait 30 minutes for it) Shrimp and Lobster Chow Fun - 3/5 (price does not meet quality for this dish)Overall a good experience but only because of my date, would give it another try though since the restaurant is so nice looking :)Great food and ambiance. I recommend sitting at the bar for a couple drinks and then order the lobster spring rolls, sticky rice, and jumbo shrimp. Absolutely delicious!!Buddakan can be a great dinner if all goes smoothly. First, having a reservation is a must. I personally request the tables downstairs. I highly recommend everyone to do the same - nicer bathrooms and the music isn't as loud. I don't even understand how people have conversations when sitting upstairs. I've had great experiences with both my waitresses. They were both very attentive. As for the food, the dumplings are all delicious. The pork potstickers are the best. I would stay away from the lettuce wraps... I didn't find them worth the price. The bass wasn't worth the price either in my opinion. The shrimp and lobster chow fun is a better option for the similar price. Another favorite of mine at this place is the crab sticky rice. It's delicious and very filling. Overall, this restaurant is a great for both small and large parties. I went both times with my close girlfriend and it was a great dinner and the prices aren't too bad for everything they offer. (Great ambiance, food, and service.)Hands down one of my favorite restaurants.  Came on a thursday night to grab a quick dinner with a friend and catch up.  We arrived a bit early and had a drink at the bar.  I was right away shocked by how nice the place is.  The best way to describe it is to say its sexy.  Its dark, modern, with some stone and brick walls and really high ceilings.   My friend had a cucumber martini which was great (first time I tried cucumber martini).  After 20 min or so, the hostess came over to us, took our drinks on a tray and walked us over to our table.  On the way there we got to walk past the main dinning room which has 5o foot ceilings with chandeliers that come all the way down.  Our waiters name was Ben and he was awesome! We had asked him to recommend somethings to us and we took his advice on all of them.  We started with the tuna tartar rolls which were incredible.  They were a bit pricey and I wish there were more but they were good.  At the same time they brought out the dumplings which were also really tasty, full of bold flavors.   Our next 2 appetizers were the pork buns which were top 10 things I ever ate and the shortrib pancakes.  The buns were fatty, soft, juicy, sweet, salty, and went well with the sour slaw.  The short ribs on pancakes which were my least favorite, were ok, just not up to par with everything else.  We shared a main coarse.  Once again Bens recommendation, we had the lamb chops with the baby bok choy and a side of prawn lo main.   Once again, Ben did well.  We were just perfectly full, not over stuffed.   I insisted we get desert so we did.I told Ben to just bring whatever desert he wanted and he chose the whiskey banana bread with ice cream which was also incredible!  My friend and I were in awe about the entire meal. Everything from the food, service to decor was fenomenal.  It was also mind boggling to see such a ginormous place operate at such high standards.  To the managers at buddakan I must say. GOOD JOB ! I have told everyone about this place and I expect to be back asap!DELICIOUS!!! Went here for one-year anniversary.  Place was immaculate, staff was super friendly and most importantly the food was great! I would definitely recommend this place for dates or even group get-togethers.  Price is slightly high but definitely worth it especially for special occasions. We got the lobster & shrimp egg rolls, lobster & shrimp chow fun, vegetable fried rice & eddemame dumplings...all were fantastic.  Oh, & then got the pumpkin donuts... They were ok.Hmmmm, how should I preface this review?Oh yes, I know.  I don't really like chinese food, but this place was delcious.Atmosphere:Romantic, quiet, and overall a great date place atmosphere (maybe that's because we were on our weekly date).Staff:Far above par.  We got there early and had a drink (Fate - the name of the drink, which I also recommed).  The bartender was friendly, conversational, and gave off a vibe that said "Yes, I love what I do".  Our waitor was polite, attentive, and knew the menu extensively. He did not hesitate to give recommendations and what he recommeded was delicious.Appetizers: - Edamame dumplings:  They were good, not great.  I was thrown off because the filling was very (almost overly) creamy and the edamame flavor was lost.  - Pork Belly: YES YES, and did I say YES? I think I have a new found love for pork belly on those little sticky buns.  Delicious.  And what I really love is that you made the sandwiches yourselves.Dinner:- Peking Duck Wraps: Unfortunately I didn't think this dish was spectacular; it was good, but for the price I wanted something with a bit more flavor.  However, the duck was cooked propely and they did a wonderful job of trimming the fat so that you didn't eat chunks full of it.- Lobster Fried Rice:  Very very tasty.  Apparently their fried rice is traditional (my gf is Chinese so I took her word for it).  The rice was nice and fluffy with huge chunks of lobster throughout.  Although it was a starch dish it didn't make me feel like I'd eated too much.We actually passed on dessert, but maybe next time.Overall, I think this restaurant is a great date spot.  Good food, great drinks, excellent service, and romantic setting.I've been to Buddakan several times over the past 4+ years and realized that I've never reviewed it.  A few tips: this one is better than the flagship one in Philly and request the Study Room, if possible.I come here to celebrate my birthday, end of summer and other achievements and I'm always treated by my very generous and lovely aunt who literally encourages us to order the menu... yes the whole menu.I highly recommend the following:Rock shrimp- great appetizer, a little spicyBoneless spare ribs- decadent, sweet and savoryLobster fried rice- a great side and who can say no to lobsterMonk Fish- fried whole fish with spicy thai saucehoisin glazed pork belly- comes in the buns and well seasoned.lobster egg rolls- large portions, crispy, small chunks of lobsterOne of my favorite desserts is the crying chocolate, but I recently went in August and had their carrot cake which was out of this world!  I'm hoping it'll become a permanent fixture and not just a seasonal treat.I recommend coming as early as possible to enjoy dinner (~5pm).  This place gets very loud during the dinner service, even on weeknights.  Request a private table if possible or you might get seated at the very long communal table (which could be fun), but also very loud.Came here for NYE - loved the decor and atmosphere. We grabbed a special drink for NYE at the bar before we were seated on the second floor. Ordered the Gen Tso's Dumplings, Yellowtail, Jumbo Shrimp, and too many cocktails! I'll be back!I LOVE Buddakan, pretty much everything about the restaurant honestly.The restaurant's layout is really cool. The downstairs area sort of reminds me of Hogwarts from the Harry Potter franchise. It's a great place to go with a date or even a group of friends. I would definitely say that it was MADE to be a hot spot and was done very tastefully.From "Haze" to "Charm" the speciality cocktails are on point. Sometimes it can take a second to be seated so be sure to get to the bar and get yourself a nice drink to hold you over in the meantime.I am in love with the vegetable fried rice. Now, this might seem like a minor dish, BUT all chinese restaurants have fried rice and it is commonly ordered. That being said, Buddakan has the absolute best vegetable fried rice I have had since 2006...that's A LONG TIME AGO.I'm a vegan so I additionally ordered the spiced tofu with cashews. Always amazing.My friends are not vegan and ordered plenty of meat dishes for themselves and have always seemed to be thoroughly impressed.As good as chinese food can get for me, terrific atmosphere and good servicePerfect place to bring a date or celebrate an important event.I recommend this place to anyone! I suggest you call before to reserve a seat for your party, if not you can walk in to the reception area and wait a few minutes until a seat is available.While waiting the lovely waitresses will remember who you are until your desired seat is ready, meanwhile you are waiting you can seat on the lounge to have a few drinks.Once escorted to your seat, you will be impacted by their amazing decor on the main dinning area. It's medieval and cozy yet extravagant and appealing to your eye. You will feel like royalty here for the Buddakan staff will make sure to treat you amazing. Enjoy dinner and their drinks. You can either share a combination of plates or eat your own. My advice , combine the plates you order. All their food is amazing and exquisite.5 star atmosphere, 4 stars for food, 5 starts for dessert...  innovative dishes, beautifully presented. edemame dumplings and mushroom with short ribs are the best. Tuna Tatar is fresh but the taste is a little odd, reminds me of deviled eggs all the time. The skins of Juicy dumplings are a little thick and tough. crying chocolate and pumpkin Doughnuts are both delicious.The 2 stars are ONLY for the decor, i went to Buddakan to celebrate my 25th Birthday. I ordered the chilli rock shrimp, lobster fried rice, black pepper beef, and spring roles. The chilli rock shrimp was soggy with oil, absolutely no flavor. It was as if it was soaked in oil over night. The lobster fried rice was bland with invisible lobster in it. And also very oily.The black pepper beef, had a delicious flavor & smell. But arrived cold as if it was sitting out waiting before we even arrived. Making hard to enjoy what might have been a good meal. The shrimp spring roles were served hot, crispy on the outside & tender on the inside with alot of flavor. The only thing we enjoyed. I also enjoyed my drink, it was called Fate, a very smooth minty sweet drink made with just the right amount of alcohol When placing my reservation i stated it was a birthday celebration, upon arrival i stated it was a birthday celebration. After ordering and eating. I asked my Waitress Leslie was she aware that we were celebrating a birthday she replied "ohh yea, so umm just order a desert & we'll stick a candle in it for you" then walked off. I wasnt asking for confetti and a marching band, but when celebrating a 25th birthday at an upscale restaurant with a $200 bill id expect atleast a happy birthday song. I witness 2 other tables get special Birthday treatment (4 staff members sung happy birthday & she received a COMPLIMENTARY desert) i know this because i asked. Leslie Sucked!!Usually it's the staff that is pretentious in a place like this-- but our server and the food runners were all very sweet and professional. It was the other diners that were trashy and obnoxious-- very Vegas style.Front desk/Coat check: Chaotic and overwhelmed when we came in. Thank god the service didn't stay that way.Ambience: Very loud, but calmed down after a bit. Elaborate. ShowyFood: Surprisingly good. Some dishes better than others but overall really nice flavor profiles and good foodCocktails: Mediocre but of good sizeA lot of c***y woman diners in there though. You know badly bleached hair, fake boobs and an attitude they just had to display such as the woman standing on line for the bathroom sipping her martini and then snapped at me 'isnt there a separate men's room for you' (they are all communal individual restrooms)Yelp says it well. "Meh. I've experienced better".What's the hype about? Everyone can fry shrimps and toss them in a creamy sauce. The rock shrimps are great, but that's about it. Everything else we ordered was below average. For the amount they charge, I was expecting an around the world ticket. And all I got was upstate NY. They need a serious crank up in quality and creativity.I don't particularly have a palette for thai so my rating would be biased.  I reluctantly came for an occasion. The service was good but I just could not enjoy the food.Let's be honest.....We came here for dinner mostly because we wanted to see for our own eyes the restaurant that made such an impact on one of my favorite movies of all times......"Sex in the City".  The decor and space is mesmerizing. It is grand and enormous and so different from typical NYC restaurant!  We were early for our reservation so we sat in the bar/lounge to wait for our table.  They sat us promptly at our reservation time.  We were seated in a very dark sexy room.  The waiter suggested we choose one dim sum and one entree for each person.  He also mentioned that the menu is suggested family style.  The waiter then warned us that dishes would be brought to the table as they were ready.  I love this theory.  Each dish is perfectly hot! This sort of dining experience is very demanding in the wait staff.  Unfortunately this part of the dining was a miss for me.  First, we ordered less food than our waiter suggested but there was literally not enough room on the table for all of the plates.  We were constantly stacking our plates on top of plates.  Second, the staff was not efficient in removing the empty dishes.  To the food......We ordered pork dumplings, hoisin glazed pork belly, and shrimp dumpling to start.  Let me just say the hoisin glazed pork belly served with sticky buns were to die for!!!!For dinner we ordered pepper steak, black cod, and chili chicken.  Everything was tasty!!!At the end of service our waiter sort of disappeared.  And after we paid he completely disappeared!  If the service would have been better it would have absolutely gotten a better rate from me!!!Beautiful restaurant, wonderful courteous efficient service and amazing food. We went with the waiter's recommendations he he steered us right. Great bottle of wine, the tuna tartare spring rolls were incredible and also enjoyed the General Tso's dumplings. For main entree I had the charred filet which was the best beef I've ever had not prepared by a french chef. Buttery and melted in my mouth. The kung pao monkfish was excellent as well. Everything had unique combinations of flavors that worked beautifully together. The crying chocolate dessert was a perfect ending.I had the chance to dine here on my recent trip to NYC. The very first thing I noticed when I walked in the lobby area was the place was dark. I mean hella dark. Like "can a brotha get a night light up in this bitch ?" dark. Once  I made it to the main dining room I was greeted with a beautiful open space with high, soaring ceilings and candles at each table setting the mood. Ridiculously romantic. My dining experience  consisted of the following:edamame dumplings- texture of this dish was unique. Edadmame was puréed so it was thick and dense.  I don't think I ever tasted dumplings like these before. Can't say I loved it though. Chilled udon noodles-- cold noodle dish. Which tasted good. Not usually a fan of cold noodles , but the noodles had a slight sweetness and peanut taste which I liked. Cantonese spring rolls- I know ate a couple of these. Maybe I was drunk , but I really don't remember loving or hating it. General Tso's Dumplings - once I popped these babies in my mouth and bit into the dumplings,  a rush of flavors hit my taste buds. Awesome starter dish. Short ribs- Beautiful presentation. Boneless ribs cut in small pieces laid over a bed noodles. Delicious and tender. I enjoyed this dish very much.Buddakan serves up good food and provides a panty dropping atmosphere that is romantic yet trendy without being stuffy.  Staff was excellent with no douche baggery at all which is always a plus in my book !I definitely recommend this placeThe place is beautiful from the inside but the food in just under-seasoned, under spiced underwhelming Asian fusion. The food is no where near as appealing as the service or the ambiance. It's good just not great or even really good. The food tastes like any Asian fusion restaurant  you find every 10 blocks in manhattan, just prettier.Nice cocktails though !Great food. Good atmosphere and great for date night. Staff is friendly. Make sure you have a reservation otherwise you will be waiting or you might not get seated at all.Wowie wow wow! One of the best meals I've had in a long time.  We were just visiting NYC, so not knowing exactly what our plans would be each day we didn't call down for a reservation until 7ish. We decided to take our chance at the first come-first served table seating in the bar/lounge area. Got there around 8:30pm and immediately sat down at one of two large communal tables, which seat about 10 people (there are also maybe 20 small tables in that area as well). It was perfect for a small group of three, as we just took one of the corners.Service - Took a while for someone to serve us, and we asked two of the gals seating people with reservations to please find our server. Once our waitress came over, it was stellar service from then on out.Food - Down right amazing! Be prepared to share though, the entrees come out as they are ready - so not everyone will have their dish at the same time. They were served pretty close together, but we ended up all picking at each other's dishes. Also, unless specifically stated your protein is served a la carte. Two of us shared a noodle dish as a side.Ambiance - Dark, sexy, cool.Enough is said in terms of the amount of publicity this place has gotten since sex and the city was shot here. The food is fusion Chinese. I rate four for the ambiance.For those who have reviewed saying it's no place for kids or complaining about being seated next to families, poo poo to you!We dined at Buddakan on New Years Day 2014 with our 12 and 9 year old. We deliberately took a 6pm reservation, which suited us particularly considering the cold nights in NYC.We started at the bar and ordered cocktails and mocktails. The staff were attentive and welcoming.Yes the restaurant is dark and has a trendy nightclub feel to it, my kids thought it was cool and loved checking out the architecture and design.After about 10 minutes we were seated with menus. Our server, Christina, was awesome in recommending her favorite dishes.Our appetizers came out within 15 minutes and were delicious, I can definitely recommend the lobster rolls, prawn toasts and edamame dumplings! The scallion pancakes with braised beef were delicious too. For our entrees, we ordered the whole duck which was not as good as we're used to at home in Melbourne, Australia but the beef filet with the soy butter sauce that Christina recommended was a highlight.We had no room in our tummies for dessert, but the meal and the ambience were fantastic and I'd recommend a visit if you have time.Families, if your kids are great company and used to eating out I'd absolutely say this place is as good for them as for anyone else!They make the drinks stronnnnnggg up in this bitch. They want you to get drunk. I couldn't even get past one drink. I like the many options for seating areas: communal table, bar and small tables with two lounge chairs for the intimate moments.The guy to girl ratio is ridic. Massive amounts of good looking men. I've only noticed couples the night I went. But there seemed to be more single ladies dressed to the nines to attract the male species.  Buddakan looks like more of a lounge than anything. Serving food doesn't look fitting here.Oh yeah, I love this place!!!  Its a sexy Asian fusion restaurant located right next to Chelsea Market.  This restaurant is always busy so reservations are recommended but don't be deterred if you are unable to make a reservation.  You can often find seating in the lounge, where they also serve the full menu...and its great for people watching!  For my meal, I had the chicken-shrimp spring rolls, lobster dumpling, and the duck dumpling soup.  All of the dishes were great and full of flavors that delighted the palette.  The appetizer portions are relatively small (like many places in the city) so take that into consideration when ordering.A must try!!!Swan, funky and cool. Nothing that hasnt been said before. Average service and extended wait time (30 mins) inspite of having a reservation and will a gazillion people on a Wednesday, i am not surprised. my favorite part however was the delicious vegetable fried rice and great carrot dumplings! will definitely visit!I have a mixed review on this place. Buddakan is gorgeous. Its just kind of expensive for the food. I did a prix-fixe menu with my friends. We basically tried everything but the one thing that stuck out was the edamame dumplings. Those were really good!! Other than that its a great place for a date and the staff are really great as well.Two stars is generous. Really. My mother said it best, a glorified Ollie's. The ambiance is gaudy, for the easily impressed, and confusing. The food was either totally under seasoned, salty to the point of disgust, and the service rushed. Here is my biggest complaint. They claim it's "family style" but the wait staff encourages everyone to order an app and an entree EACH. I ordered two apps and one entree, and my parents each ordered an app and entree. All appetizers arrived totally scattered on the table and no effort was made at all to ask who ordered what because they just put it in the middle and everyone picks at it, which felt awkward and forced. The waitresses changed without telling us halfway through are meal and had zero knowledge of wine whatsoever. My mother asked about Chardonnay and the waitress pointed to the red wine list, which granted garnered a laugh from my kind mother, but it was like a circus. The hotel style hostess table is cold and uninviting with tall beautiful faces making you feel lucky that you got in. Yuck. Overpriced, loud, sophomoric.Two girls from Germany in New York who love(d) Sex in the City... well, of course this means that filming locations have to be visited. We opted for Buddakan as we wanted to have a true cool night out - preferably coming back to the hotel very, very late (or early..) ;-)We had reserved online about two weeks prior to the date, which was easy and we had to compromise by a half hour for dinner time only - we had expected at least a day of flexibility required on our side, as we booked for the week before Xmas with everyone flying into the Big Apple for shopping.. So this was a nice surprise.On the night, we arrived late as we had trouble finding a cab - a snowstorm did not help.Upon entry we found a very long reception desk manned with girls in black dresses who welcomed us and asked for our reservation. This was done in a very professional manner. We were told that they were running late when I started to excuse our late arrival, so we started to relax. We were asked to sit down in the bar area, where we would be picked up once our table was ready.We walked up and sat down in the large hall that was the bar - quite dark, pure, not what you would call a cozy bar. We had no idea how someone was going to find us, we had not been given a buzzer or anything like that. A nice girl greeted us shortly afterwards and passed as the bar menu, which we started to look at, when a few moments later another, very nice girl asked us if we were the xx-party - which was correct - and our table was ready. She then walked us out of the bar into the restaurant area. I could make out a kind of gallery around some sort of atrium with stairs leading downstairs. She sat us down in one of the alleys of the gallery, close to the stairs that lead down, both of us facing whatever was downstairs. I immediately had to get up and look down: yes, the room where Carrie and Mr Big had had their rehearsal dinner was down there, including the huge chandeliers. Although it felt strange in the beginning to sit in the "alleyway" we did not mind as soon as our waiter -another lady- arrived and was also very pleasant and helpful. We chose Dim Sum as starters and lamb chops and short rib as mains.The Dim Sum arrived a few moments later - at least it felt that way - and was great. We had ordered two different ones, included 4 Dim Sum each, and they tasted really good.After a bit of a wait we had our mains served. Usually, one expects portions in restaurants like this to be smallish: well we were in for a surprise: four normal-sized lamb chops and a large portion of short rib. The lamp chops were just right - pink and tender, great seasoning, really lovely. The sides were mixed veg which were cooked and seared to perfection. The true star was the short rib: very tender, amazing taste - we could not finish it however, it was just too much. And both of us love to eat, believe me.. But, as we had a long night in front of us, we had to have some sugary ending - and yes, we ordered dessert: Crying Chocolate. I leave you to get this and experience it yourself - it was absolutely delicious.All in all, this is a great place to come to with friends for a larger table downstairs, with really friendly, professional and helpful staff, and great food. Price-wise it is a bit costly but not extortionate - especially for such a trendy place, and it is New York after all... Personally, I did not like the bar area as it was too dark and cold - interior-wise, and would have loved to be seated downstairs. I would definitely go again, hoping to be seated somewhere different, but order exactly the same food :-)Very cool restaurant....has a NY trendy vibe.  I thought the food was good, not great. We had 2 appetizers and then split the Miso Black Cod  and snap peas. The fish was better than the appetizers. I would give the food 3 stars and the decor/atmosphere 5 stars.Pretty expensive but super yummy. HUGE space, but always crowded so make sure to have a reservation. The rock shrimp was so good, and pretty much everything that came out on the table was delish. The crying chocolate desert is to die for. So so good. I would come here for an occasion, it's not somewhere I would go for a casual dinner. But if you're in NYC, and you haven't been here, I'd definitely recommend a visit! Some of the better Asian food places in the city.Finally made it to Buddakan after years of having it on my to-do list. It's not as scenic as Tao or other asian fusion places I've been to but it's in a great location and the food is decent. I wasn't impressed enough to go back and try any other dishes.The only thing positive to say about this place is that the decor is amazing.The atmosphere is horrible - it's basically a pick up joint on steroids (at least on a Saturday night).  Full of couples with the girls wearing very little indeed and the men leaving too many buttons undone.  The music is so loud that people could not carry a conversation.  The staff give off the vibe that you are lucky to be allowed in.  It reminded me of a place called Stringfellows in London which introduced pole dancing to London - and this place has a similar amount of class.As to the food, we shared five dishes, one of which was exceptional, two were ok and two were very poor.  The tuna carpaccio spring roll took the honors, crispy, fresh, spicy and truly good.  The two ok dishes were fine - fairly typical western Chinese fare.  The two disgusting dishes were shockers.  A squid salad.  How can you mess up the squid salad, particularly when the squid themselves were delicious?  By smothering the whole thing with quadruple quantities of a sickly sweet dressing, straight out of the McDonalds playbook.  And a King Prawn dish.  Huge King Prawns, five in total, looking stunningly beautiful on the plate and tasting of....nothing.  Totally bland, low cost ingredients.And the price of all this?  $200 for two including one cocktail (massively over-sweetened) and a bottle of wine.  This place defines the new Bridge and Tunnel experience, for those who think PF Changs is where it's at.Buddakan is hugeBut reservations are hardDid not disappoint Ordered quite a feastFried dumplings earned an encore Props for the tsing taoWimpy wagyu steak Amazing sausage fried rice Sizzling chicken tooI've been to Buddakan twice and will definitly be back for a third visit. The restaurant is so massive and beautiful that the walk to your table is an experience in and of itself. The food was delicious and our server went the extra mile to walk us through the menu and outline dishes best suited for a gluten-free diet.Went here with a group of friends for my birthday dinner. The atmosphere is very posh and dimly lit. You will really feel grown and sexy eating here. The staff was very very helpful, and I appreciated that as I was having a very bad night, but they helped  to make everything better. The food was good and the drinks were amazing! A bit pricey, but well worth it for the atmosphere, location, and service you receive. This is a great place for large crowds or a super sexy date nite. Everyone should experience Buddakan at least once.I've heard a lot about Buddakan and was super excited to try it out. Buddakan has an absolutely gorgeous Asian-inspired, modern interior and is one of the biggest restaurants I've ever been in. The restaurant is sectioned off so you won't feel lost inside and you still get an intimate restaurant vibe. It's a great, dark space and truly creates a dining experience. We ate the in The Library for a business event and since we were a large group, we ordered to share from a fixed menu so I got to sample a lot of the menu. The short rib really stood out as my favorite dish and the desserts sampler was amazing as well. I definitely want to go back and think this would be a great place to take NYC visitors. As far as modern/Asian-fusion goes, I thought this place had better food than Hakkasan and Tao (the uptown one...haven't tried downtown yet).+ Do get the short rib. It's simply amazing.+ Do take visitors.I had my 30th birthday party with 24 of my closest friends. HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT!!! A WASTE OF 7 THOUSAND DOLLARS!!! NEVER AGAIN! Save your money! Little food, unpleasant, slow, rushed, (yes, ironically), shameful, unmemorable 30th birthday party. Thank you, Buddakan. I wish I can turn this night back around and NEVER chose it as my venue. Thank you for making this the worst birthday, ever.Great service, good good, good drinks!I had the haze cocktail. It has lychee I love lychee!Our waiter suggested some items on the menu. Unfortunately  I don't remember what they were called! Well you can see my photos. The steak slices were the best!!Over all the experience was very good. With all Asian fusion in my opinion is always very tasty and delicious. Decor at buddakan was very trendy, dim with a intimate feel. Was the food so great that I would go again... Maybe more for the ambiance but I didn't feel the food was above any other good Asian fusion restaurant, especially for the price you pay. But still was very happy with our experience.Nonsense there is still this kindof Fancy interior-Not delicious restaurantStill exists.I mean people..Do you guys REALLY thinkThis place is good?Maybe for facebook photo taken toShow off people that "I ate in this Fancy place"But for real?hell no..Wake up people..Buddakan is great! Very trendy atmosphere in this huge restaurant. There is a bar near the entrance for drinks or if you are waiting for a table (which is about 30 seconds if you made reservations). As the hostess guides you to your table, bask in the designs - modern with an oriental flair. The main room's cathedral ceilings are beautiful (FYI, this is where they shot the engagement party scene in the "Sex in the City" movie for any fans out there). While pricey, it's not as expensive as you would expect. They serve their dishes family style, so you can share a bunch of appetizers, dimsum, etc with you group. They have great cocktails in every variety -  I had the Charm (passion fruit liqueur, apple, fresh berries, prosecco) which was nice and light. I also recommend the general tso soup dumplings (with hot and sour broth, noms)! The hot and sour scallops is fantastic if you like seafood, as the scallops were cooked perfectly. The only reason I took off a star was that some dishes could be a bit too salty (such as the mushroom chow fun).If you make reservations for an event, I suggest you mention in your notes what the event is for. I mentioned that the reservation was for my boyfriend's birthday upon making it, and we were surprised with a complimentary birthday ice cream (with a candle of course) at the end of our meal! Very nice.My daughter lives here and has been here several times so we went last night. Our waiter was very attentive and knowledgable. Our food was simply delicious. We had the deviled tuna rolls, spicy spring rolls and general tso's dumplings. Hard to decide which was the best. We had Peking duck and the char beef fillets. So yummy. The duck skin was crispy and not greasy. The beef was generous portion and very tender. But the shining star was the sauce with the beef. Wow!! We usually don't get desert but we had the bread pudding and the dark chocolate with sour cherries yikes!! Both were so decadent and truly worth eating. A fabulous dinner and experience.AMAZING! This is a monthly restaurant for me. Buddakan is just perfection. There isn't anything I can say that I don't like about this place. I take all my guests that are in town to dine here for dinner. If you go, you must have the duck with poached egg salad. It is to die for and the most amazing dish to me ever. And for dessert, you must have the almond bread pudding. Those are my must-haves at Buddakan. I've tried nearly every dish there you absolutely cannot go wrong with anything. I strongly recommend dining here if you haven't. Also highly recommend making reservations to get the full amazing experience. If not, they do have a open seating/waiting area by the top front bar of the entrance for people.While it was pricey and very showy in terms of decor and ambiance, it was a marvelous dinner.  Our waiter was attentive, helpful, friendly and very knowledgeable. It may seem like a Chinese food place butt he freshness, quality and innovation truly set it apart.  Obviously this is not an everyday eatery, but it was perfect for that special occasion when you want to go a little crazy.I LOVED Buddakhan. Gorgeous restaurant, it has that dark, luxury club feel. Food was SO good. Well priced compared to other restaurants in the city. Went with a girlfriend, we shared the chili shrimp as a starter, lobster fried rice, prawn noodles, lemon chicken (AMAZING), and the green been dish. Still thinking about the food, NOT joking.A return trip to Buddakan wasn't disappointing enough to never return, but it definitely wasn't the fabulous experience we had last time. First, we had reservations, and we were seated in the bar area.  It was 6pm on a Monday, so the place was practically empty. When we expressed our discomfort, the hostess said, "Well, this is all I can do." So, we ate in a cramped spot at the top of the stairs, next to a china cabinet full of taxidermy'd animals. The server refused to take a drink and appetizer order without taking our entree at the same time. She said the chef likes to have everything at once so he can "pace" the evening. That would've been nice if that actually happened. Unfortunately, we only had two bites of each appetizer when our entrees arrived. Because of the small table, there was no space for anything, and instead of helping to find space, the food runner just stood there with our meals while we fumbled around trying to make space. The server was not friendly or helpful. She didn't explain how the menu worked, and was having a difficult time explaining differences between dishes.  She was also unable to make any wine suggestions. I ordered the Black Pepper Beef and it was so cold and overcooked, I had to send it back. The meat was so tough, I was struggling to cut it with the knife I was given. The Char Siu Pork was served hot, and tasted better than the beef, but it was still overcooked. The appetizers were amazing (edamame dumplings and sea bass roll!). This was our first less-than-favorable experience with Buddakan, and hopefully our last. We love the atmosphere and the food here, so we'll give it another shot!This is a see/be seen type of a place. It is a loud, trendy spot in the meatpackong district. Great decor and ambiance, I had a lot of fun. Highly recommend the pork belly buns, tuna spring rolls, and lobster fried rice. I would have liked a more outgoing server, but it is understandable that Sat nights in NYC are hectic.  Fun place!Had a surprise birthday dinner here and loved it.The dinner was prefixed and everything was amazing, the customer service was great...one of the best birthday dinners ive had.The restaurant overall is very fancy and huge, def coming back.The Short rib was everything in life and more!!!! and then if you want to enter heaven, i suggest you order the chili rock shrimp........*drops mic*Love this place, the food is awesome, the restaurant is huge so you don't feel cramped like most NYC restaurants. I highly recommend itDelicious all the way. Came here for my anniversary and enjoyed every bite. Ribs appetizer was tender, juicy and paired with a mild mustard sauce. Raw yellowtail appetizer was fresh and tasty. Prawn noodles were savory and rich. Lemon veggie rice was so amazing :-)I am not a big fan of Asian-fusion cuisine but I have to say that my experience at buddakan was just amazing, unforgettable and memorable.Beautiful decor, beautiful ambience... Atmosphere is so romantic!The food was just perfect. Everything we got was awesome - the black code was very tasty and special.Also, I had the best deserve of my whole life. YUMMY! But, sorry, I just can't remember it's name. Just ask for something with cherry, chocolate and Oreo cookie. Believe me ;)2 Helpful caveats: (1) Youre paying for the ambiance and location, not the quality of the food.   (2) Drink and app prices are average for similar Manhattan restaurants.First, everyone who works here looks like they could be an actor. That is to say it is a deliberately attractive staff.  Dim, sultry lighting throughout, minimalist, Asian-inspired decor and lots of elbow room from one table to the next.  The atmosphere in general feels like "where the cool kids go for Chinese food".But this is definitely not where foodies go, nor is it where fans of Chinese food go.  I got the rock shrimp and potato pancakes (topped with short rib). While the latter dish was passable, the former was not fresh...at all.  Im not sure how that happened since its a popular dish.  Portions were sizable for both, though neither was particularly flavorful. Ive had better rock shrimp everywhere from Nobu to PF Chang's.  In fact the menu is not much more adventurous than Changs.   I did enjoy my Charm cocktail though not enough to warrant a return.I think if you want a cool, chic NYC experience where your guests arent sitting on top of each other at the table, Buddakan is great.  You will get full without breaking the bank. You wont be disappointed in the service. Just bear in mind that this isnt going to be mind blowing meal and I think youll leave pretty satisfied.The interior in this restaurant is beyond words. So elegant and inviting, the food was good. I am picky so I can't speak for my friends. They felt everything was great. Server was very attentive and welcoming.Spectacular NYC Dinner #2, Buddakan. In town from LA, we took the Circle Line Ferry Tour and met a sweet older couple who suggested this place to us.Try a Dream Cocktail if you like rum and watermelon, it's not too sweet but just right. For food they suggest each person order an entree and 1-2 sides plus starters. We decided to order in waves instead which does take longer to get your food, but resulted in the right amount of food without spending as much money as they would suggest.The Edamame Dim Sum is one of Buddakan's specialties so be sure you try it. We also had the General Tso Dim Sum (chicken) which is excellent, and the Crab & Lobster Dim Sum. All small portions but very good.Next we ordered the Kung Pao Monkfish and Chinese Sausage fried rice. We would have continued ordering but by this point we were full. I really enjoy monkfish, but I wish this one would have been less fried. The fried rice came with an over easy egg on top which finished to a scramble from the heat of the dish. Very cool. The rice itself was a sort of purple jasmine type. Very large quantity.5 Star Service minus our water glasses not being refilled too well towards the end of the meal. Also a really beautiful atmosphere.The ambiance here is great - the main dining room is stunning, the bar area is huge and comfortable, tons of seating and room to spread out and relax. The bartender knows what he's doing. Dining service wasn't superb and neither was the food, but I would give them both 3/5 stars. The menu is short and VERY fish heavy. Appetizers reign supreme, the entrees fall short - if I were to return, I'd probably just order dim sum in mass quantities. In the end, I much prefer Tao or Hakkasan, both of which offer a nearly identical experience and tout a more varied, mature menu. That being said, I doubt you'll hate Buddakan, and it's not a bad choice.For the amount of money I paid, I was hoping for something more than "it's good". Kind of disappointed at the place, I don't know where to even begin.... OkayFirst, the drinks that I got, "Fate" and "Charm" was not strong at all!!! Extremely sweet and there was very little alcohol in it. Maybe the bartender thought I was a girl and can't handle strong drinks, but damn dude, it was SO SWeEt!!! Second, I got the crab/lobster dumpling, omg DON'T get it!! Go for something else!!!when you bit into the dumpling, it tastes very fishy, not like the crab or lobster taste you think of! Third, crying chocolate, way too sweet! Get the almond bread !!!! You will be happy with that ! Trust me!  Probably not coming back, just because I think for that amount of money, I can get way better food!These dumplings changed my life in the best possible way. Everything we had was fantastic, but my favorite of all was the edamame dumpling. The flavors were amazing, the apps were great for sharing, and we had wonderful service. I'd recommend this place to anyone who loves Asian fare and is game for trying something new. Also, we asked our server for cocktail recommendations, and she didn't disappoint!Everything was perfect here. The service was absolutely perfect. Cocktails were fun, not overly sweet, and not overly boozy. Inside was very chic looking and fun.The food. Oooooh the food! Everything we got was beyond amazing. Highlight of the night was definitely the pork belly buns, they were ridiculously good. So was the charred beef and kung pao monkfish.Their reservation system is terrible! I contacted them months in advance to reserve a table of 10 for a bachelorette party and was told to call back 30 days prior to the event to make the reservation. Today, to my surprise, I called and there was only 5:30 and 10:00 left!! The reservationist even remembered me but said there was nothing she could do. Normally I would just pick another restaurant but this is a Sex and the City themed bachelorette and this is where Carrie and Big had their rehearsal dinner on the show. This is totally unfair.The beef fillet with the butter and mustard sauce was incredible, so were the endemame dumplings. Ask to be seated in the main dining hall where the interior is pretty special.Buddakan is a really spectacular place to celebrate a special event. My roommate and I dined here last week with our boyfriends to celebrate her birthday. It was mid-week, so reservations were a breeze and we waited less than five minutes for our table. My girl and I had visited Buddakan's Atlantic City outpost, but had never dined at the Manhattan location. It's so lovely inside and the mood is perfect. We had spectacular service throughout the evening - from the hostesses, to our server, and the guys clearing our table who offered up stellar dessert recommendations. Our drinks were delicious and I love all the fun names. (I had Fate and Fever!) Boyfriend was a little dismayed to find the whiskys and scotches on the dessert menu, so just be sure to ask if that's what you'd like to start your meal with!We opted to go family style in order to try the most dishes. Birthday Girl is a pescatarian, so we tried to stick mostly to seafood.-Jade Shrimp Dumplings-Deviled Tuna Tartare-Chili Rock Shrimp-Lobster Fried Rice-Mongolian Lamb Chops-Glazed Alaskan Black Cod-Shrimp and Lobster Chow FunI mean, come on! Is your mouth watering?! Everything was delicious, but the standouts for me were the rock shrimp and cod. Just phenomenal.We ended with the Crying Chocolate (they decorated the plate with a birthday message!) and, on the recommendation of our enthusiastic bus boy, the Almond Bread Pudding. You can't go wrong with any kind of molten lava chocolate deliciousness and the pudding was soooo yummy because of some kind of magical butterscotch sauce. I didn't see the check, thanks to Birthday Girl's boyfriend (God bless him), but I imagine it was sizable. If you're young and broke like me, this won't be a regular stop for you, but you MUST visit!!!Love the atmosphere in this restaurant.  Food is what gets the 4 stars and service is great too.This place is not messin' around!The lobster fried rice: oh mah gawd : amazing!!The tofu which my friend ordered was great too. I loved the unexpected pieces of pineapple in this dish too.What I love most about this place though is the decor.It's very French inspired for an Asian restaurant. Each space is also decorated very uniquely, I.e the bottom room has got this enormous dinner table which is lined atop with beautiful Euro styled chandeliers. Each room opposite the main room has a few private tables.The high ceilings add to the drama.Check it out when in the MP district. You won't be disappointed.Oh, but call ahead for reservations. They do fill up quickly.I struggled between giving them 3 stars and 4 stars. in short:Ambiance= gorgeous. Great place for a date.Drinks= tasty. Had the "Fate" and it was sweet and zesty.Food= Meh. The chili rock shrimp was barely warm, and tasted like any general tso's meal that one would find at a local Chinese restaurant. Good portion size though. Same with the lobster fried rice. The edamame dumplings were really good though.Service= the waitress kept pushing us to order wine with our meal, even though we'd had several drinks in the lounge while waiting for our table to be prepared. We brought said drinks to the table, so it wasn't like she didn't know.Overall, I'll probably be back one day, but no time soon.Simply put, the food, service, and environment are all great. It's all underground so there's no outside view but the decor and ambiance kind of takes your attention away from anything else.A great place to show friends from out of town a good time. Similar to Spice Market nearby in MPD but more expensive.This review is based on just the dim sum we sampled and my past experience sampling some fried rice and noodle dishes. We ordered the lobster egg rolls which I thought were delicious but could use some more lobster meat in them (I like anything fried really). Also, we ordered crab and lobster dumplings which were tasty and their pork sticky buns were pretty good as they were not overly fatty, cooked well, and loved the lettuce and cabbage in them. I think the ambiance of this place is really cool. I felt like I was at an upper scale restaurant in New York, the type you see on t.v., as soon as I entered. Definitely a place where reservations are needed, because it seems to always be packed (at least on the weekends). This was a pre-dinner for my sisters and me. We ordered a few appetizers with drinks. I was disappointed in the drink I chose though. I think it was called the charm. I was excited because it had a passion fruit liquor and passion fruit is my favorite! But there was no passion fruit what so ever in it :( tasted more like apple juice with champagne. Still, it was good enough to drink lolWas here last month and had a wonderful dining experience. We had made reservations well in advance and we still had to wait for our table. I figured it was a way to get us to order a drink at the bar.We were seated in a cozy dark corner booth in one of their downstairs areas. Having to go down a bunch of steep stairs in heels was a bit of a challenge but getting to see the long table where Carrie and Big had their rehearsal dinner was well worth it.We ordered their sampling menu which is 65.00 pp and includes several appetizers, entrees, and desserts. We were 6 and the amount of food was plenty for us. The waiter mentioned that if we liked something specific from what we sampled that he would bring out more which was an added bonus. The sample menu is a great way to try several of their signature dishes. Well worth the price.Service was great although it seemed like we had several waiters at once which was a bit strange.This is a great asian fusion restaurant in the meat packing district. So it's a perfect way to start off the night.People who know me know that I'm not a big fan of Asian Fusion.  I mean, I'm a by-product of Asian fusion, so why do I need more?  But, there are exceptions.  When out-of-towners want the NYC dining experience, Buddakan is on my list.   The ambiance is enough for me to give this place 4 stars. Downstairs is where it's at: intimate, long dining tables, chandelier hanging down, and candles burning with wicker melting.  If I had a little more drinks, I could have sworn that the dishes and plates would start singing and dancing, "be out guest" style.  Truly an NYC dining experience.For an Asian fusion dining experience, the food is actually not bad at all!  (the price however may get some looks, especially if you can get there cheaper in chinatown).  But, if you want to impress, you gotta pay the dough.I think one one of their signature dishes is their edamame dumpling.  The filling is so rich and creamy (I believe it's mixed with mashed potato as well).  Def. a must get appetizer.Their black cod is also done exceptionally well- cooked perfectly.But don't come here for the food (unless its edamame dumplings).  Come here to soak in the ambiance and impress your guests.I met the owner of this spot a few years ago in Philadelphia. Nice guy & he owns a lot of establishments between there and NYC.So, with girlfriends in tow, we decided to do a girls night at Buddakhan. Classy spot. We really enjoyed ourselves & dressed up accordingly.My food portion was perfect. I ordered the Black bean silken tofu. Amazing. Tasted wonderful, not too salty or slimy. Very filling.I also treated myself with a Dream, which was a tasty refresher for summer with a wonderful watermelon flavor.Our waiter was very nice too. I really had a good time here.I'll come back eventually.Definitely for the experience. The food was good and all, but for the price I could probably get it somewhere else for much cheaper and more delicious. However, I was here for a friend's birthday and we ordered the cold udon noodles with peanut sauce and cucumbers, the pork fried rice with egg, and some kind of spicy lo mein. We also had 3 drinks and the bill came out to be about $65. I know, we should've gotten something more glamorous, but our reservation was at 10 pm and by then we weren't that hungry anymore. The decor was nice and the wait staff very patient. We asked to be moved from the kitchen door seat and were moved with no problem no fuss no attitude at all. Overall the experience was fun. Good for expensive dates. The lighting is perfect for that.Went to Buddakan for my husband's and my birthday. We started with drinks at the ultra trendy lounge. Delish cocktails. The decor definitely make you feel sophisticated and like you are in one of MyC's hot spots. The different dinning rooms are beautiful. For food we started with the edamame dumplings. OMG Must haves, you would have nver had anything like it b4. We also shared the scallops. I had the Cod and my husband ordered the Short Ribs. Both were excellent. Very happy with my choices. Half way through the dishes though, we felt the dishes were overpowering. However side dishes of fresh cucumber and some other asian vegetable balanced the flavors well. The Lobster Rice was not worth it. Veery dry. I will probably try the sticky rice next time.5 stars for the ambiance. Wow this place is really nice and spacious inside. The food was amazing, i definitely recommend:-The lobster fried rice-Charred Filet Of Beef wonton crisps, mustard sauce-Crying ChocolateOur waitress was very kind and helpful. Some portions were better than others (lobster fried rice was generous, while the filet of beef was decent). But the taste is what counts and you won't be disappointed.You're definitely paying a premium for the ambiance.I had made reservations for a surprise birthday dinner for my best friend and some of our close friends. We arrived with one person short and they told us that all parties must be present for us to be seated. So I said that person wasn't going to come. They sat us at a table where there were more than enough seats available. So when we our last guest arrived, he was good to go. The food came in little protions but it was really good. I don't even think it stayed on the table for more than about 10 seconds before we all shared it. The service was really good, I don't remember the name of our waiter, but it was a man. I whispered to him that it was her surprise birthday and if he could bring out something for her to blow out, reminding him that she is gluten free. He brought out some fancy ice cream and chocolate plate. It looked amazing. Overall I had a great experience there. 4 stars since she tried to make us wait, this is New York! People get stuck in traffic or on the subway.Buddakan is an amazing place! Huge, different styles for different rooms... Full staff all the time (you won't be by yourself) very professional and delicious food. I was very impressed the first time i ve been here. The girl who was serving me was a little bit to arrogant but still pro. If you want a night upscale and not that expensive, that's the place!What a fabulous place with the food and service to match! Loved the vibe, the decor, the dim lighting,  the delicious food (must try the short rib pancakes and pork lo mein). Pork belly was also delish, as were the dumplings. The people watching is divine!We were there for dinner and had made a reservation. For starters we ate dumplings (I've forgotten which one), which very good. For main course we ate lobster rice, which was good. We also chose the lamb and fried crab shell. I've nerver eaten a lamb tasting so delicious as this one. The crab shell was good but we found it very difficult to eat them. As dessert we ate tripple chocholate-something which was so good. The decor was absolutely amazing. The service was very enthusiastic.The ambiance, food and service make it a all the way around great experience. My favorite  appetizers is the hoisen glazed pork belly. The short rib and duck are phenomenal as well :)Buddakan is a must-visit restaurant for any visitor to New York who wants to be overwhelmed with wow-factor, amazing food and one of the best scenes in the city.The two-story, Asian-themed space is jaw-dropping.  Tables in the main room are arranged in long rows, community style, and it adds an interesting flavor to the overall restaurant experience.The food...well, let me just say that I cannot stop thinking about the food.  Everything from the Tuna Spring Rolls, to the Hamachi, to the noodles is over-the-top-exceptional!  I don't think there is anything on the menu that isn't   truly delicious.  It's gourmet Chinese, at its very best.There is a cool and hip vibe to the place, and the energy in the room is strong and compelling.Yes, yes, oh God, YES!!!I think that pretty much sums up my review, but for those of you who require something more thorough, here it is:Buddakan is a GORGEOUS restaurant!  If you want to impress out-of-towners and give them the glamorous "big city experience", I suggest you take them here for dinner.  As another reviewer said, it's sophisticated and upscale.  Primetime reservations get taken very quickly, so make them at least 2-3 weeks in advance.  FYI: There is a 15-minute grace period from the time of your reservation, in case you are running late.  Also, I appreciated the fact that there's a little lobby between the outside door and inner door before you hit the lounge, so you can wait for your friends to arrive kind of in private (as opposed to waiting on the street like a hooker).  Edamame Dumplings: We ordered this after reading all the rave reviews here. It wasn't something I would have initially ordered based on the name alone, but we tried it out - SO good!  Thanks Yelp!  They tasted like creamy mashed potatoes with a rich, savory flavor - I think I tasted chicken broth?  (Sorry I can't do better than that - you're just going to have to try them for yourself.  You'll thank me later.)Szechuan Pork Dumplings: Also tasty, but I'd order something different next time.  They're not out of this world and you can find it elsewhere.Mushroom Chow Fun Noodles: YUM! As someone who rarely eats Chinese food, these reminded me of what I've been missing out on.  Crying Chocolate: Had I not been sitting in a room full of people, I would have taken that plate and licked every single drop off of it.  The chocolate lava cake was a nice warm juxtaposition to the chocolate ice cream, which sat atop coffee/chocolate cookie crumbs - all tied together by a caramel sauce.  Chocolate perfection.Overall, the presentation of food on each plate was beautiful.  Our server was so kind, attentive, and unobtrusive (and also a dead ringer for Matthew Morrison from Glee.  Why, hello there!!! ;) )  The servers and busboys moved like ninjas - they were there exactly when you needed them and not a second more. Does this place do takeout???  Because I really want more edamame dumplings & dessert right now...P.S.  Seating is all downstairs on the basement level, so you probably won't have any cell phone service.Decided to stop in and have a drink while waiting for our reservation time at Morimoto around the corner.  My boyfriend and I went to the bar and saw that there were no two seats together, but a few on either end of other couples.  The bartender saw us attempting to find seats and very kindly asked other parties to move down in order to make room -- love it when they do that.The decor was beautiful and very romantic.  It made a great accent to our anniversary night.We sat at the bar and looked at their drink menu.  I forgot the name of it, but I got some type of drink that ended up being to floral/herby for me so just sipped on it while my boyfriend fully finished his drink.  The bartender saw this and very kindly made me another drink at no charge; he didn't look offended at all and agreed that the drink is a hit or a miss with people.After a few drinks we headed out to make our reservations at Morimoto's.  In the end the hostess was very nice when we walked in and the bartender was more than kind.  We felt welcomed from beginning to end and never felt like a burden, even when the bartender had every right to make me feel that way after not enjoying my drink.  I experienced great customer service and cannot wait to go back to try their food.We were a party of five and had an absolutely fabulous experience here. I had previously been several times to the AC and Philly locations. The menu has some overlap but not all. My favorite is the crispy calamari salad. Though everything we had was so well prepared and flavorful. The ambience is amazing and being in NYC it's so much bigger and incredible. The cocktails were fab too. I had Fate. We happened to get a corner table in the large main chandelier room. I will request this in the future. There are other rooms as well but the main one is most impressive. The music added to the whole effect. Make reservations way ahead. This place fills up fast.Buddakan, oh Budakkan, I really wanted to like you but you left me underwhelmed. It was like the time when I got my first iPod; I was excited when I opened the package but when I really started using the product it wasn't as good as it looked, which is exactly what Budakkan is.The place looks great! The interiors are really nice. However, I had to wait to be seated even though I had reserved a table in advance. Our party of 3 ended up ordering quite a few dishes because the portions are not big. In the process we ended up trying about 7-8 different dishes including Chinese Sausage Fried Rice, Lobster Egg Rolls and General Tso's Dim Sum.The food isn't bad. But it is very one dimensional and here I was expecting different layers of flavor. The only thing I ate which I would ever care to eat again was the Lobster Egg Roll. They weren't too oily and the freshness of the cabbage went well with the Lobster.All in all, at about $50 per head(including a drink, tax and gratuity) I was expecting more than just great interiors and good service.By far the most interesting asian fusion restaurants I have ever eaten at. Three dishes was all it took to make me remember this place. It's an expensive dining experience but it's well worth it. Reservations recommended. Walking through the restaurant was interesting. Very well decorated with dim lights in the upper level. The bar is pretty laid back and has a chill vibe. The service I had that day was relatively good and friendly. Now for the food:Of the three dishes I remembered, the deviled tuna tartare, boneless spare ribs, and kungpao monkfish were the best!!  The deviled tuna tartare was a good start. It was pretty much like eating sushi but it certainly had a flavor twist I can't quite describe. As for the kungpao monkfish, it was pretty rich. It was mild and it had similar flavors to kungpao chicken but the monkfish was superb and the made the dish great. Best for last, the boneless spare ribs was the most impressive. The sauce was so delicious and the meat was so tender! Most memorable meat I have ever had. I want to go back for more of the boneless spare ribs.Hope this helps! :)My third time eating there. Excellent services!Awesome food. Nice and huge restaurant. Nice waiter. I had the spring rolls - yum! Will go back!Table of 3 where we shared appetizers and entrees.Drinks: Fate and Reflection ( which I liked a lot)Apps:-Edamame dumplings---Not as mind blowing as I was expecting but still good. Green, tasty almost wants to taste like green tea.-Hoisin glazed pork belly----now THAT was awesome. Favorite appetizer. One of those dishes that makes you regret you were sharing. The  bun was really light and soft. Pork came sweet and juicy. Just perfect!-Chili rock shrimp w toasted ginger----Good taste but I thought the shrimp was drenched too much in the sauce.-Lobster fried rice------- Really really good. Nice lobster chunks cooked in good seasoning.Entrees-Sizzling short ribs-------Great portion size of  juicy shredded beef. -Char Siu Roasted pork-----Favorite entree dish of the night! Once again they do pork really nicely here. Sadly too stuffed to get dessert.  We were really eyeing that crying chocolate. Despite some great stars in the menu, I feel the justification of the price is really for the super upscale dark and sexy decor (as seen in SATC). Good service but very loud atmosphere especially upstairs where were seating.Would not be opposed to returning for a special occasion.Came here for my birthday dinner based off of these good reviews.PERFECT spot for intimate dinner!Food was amazing, server was so friendly and it was perfect to spend with my mother and boyfriend.Beautiful experience! Will definitely go back!Very beautiful restaurant. Decor is great. I went here with my girlfriends without a reservation and was seated pretty quickly. Its an intimate setting and food is served family style. We loved that. The food was delicious especially the noodles. It's pricey for the food portions so unless you're willing to dish out the cash i wouldn't recommend going on an empty stomach... Or if you're parched. Drinks were pricey as well but hey that's what you get for dining in the "hip" meat packing district. I would return but on a special occasion (it was a special occasion)This review is for a bachelorette party I hosted as MOH in August. Thank you Buddakan!We had a party of 8 girls, which was the perfect size for the tasting menu we chose ($65 per person).  Note-they offer a few different price levels of tasting menus which provide family style food for the table. There was plenty (more than enough) food for all of us, who had big appetites from traveling from all over the US to NYC for the bachelorette. Buddakan was extremely accommodating to food allergies and lifestyles. The 2 girls in our party, one a vegetarian and the other with food allergies, usually just eat around their allergies without causing the restaurant to accommodate them. However, our waitress specifically asked about such preferences and had our plates specifically made by the chef to accommodate, even supplying and extra vegetarian dish!  Very impressed!The food was AMAZING...highlights would be the short rib and fish, also the whiskey ice cream!We all tried some of the "signature" cocktails and all were delicious, while others at our table stuck to the Vueve Cliquot. Overall this place has a WOW factor, large dining room with gorgeous entry stairway. You do NEED a reservation on Friday and Saturday nights. We ate at 9:30pm and the place was packed!Only negative: 2 people in our party had a delayed train from Boston and they would not seat us until they arrived even though we were buying bottles of Veuve at the bar. Perfect place for dinner before going out to bars in the Meatpacking District. Definitely will go back, very good restaurant for groups/celebratory occasions!My first experience at Buddakan was disappointing, but someone in the know suggested I give it another try--and I'm glad I did. The experience was night and day. I think last time I just got the joker in the server deck. This time the service was impeccable. The Spicy Yellowtail appetizer was a treat. But what really caught my attention was the Xo Lobster with Chilis. It was so spectacular that my girlfriend, who never eats lobster, took one bite at my suggestion and Hallelujah--a convert! (next time she'll get her own).While she had the Crying Chocolate dessert everyone recommends (she was happy) I went for the Almond Bread Pudding. Try it, you'll thank me.I give Buddakan 4 stars based on my first shaky experience. But based on this one, and talking to others who swear by this beautiful place, I think that was the exception that proves the rule. I'll definitely be dropping by again soon to test that theory.This is a beautiful, upscale restaurant with amazing food and drinks. The room downstairs has a long, Hogwarts-like table in the center that can seat a slew of people with magnificent high ceilings and lighting. The candles on the tables are quite beautiful with their massive wax drippings. I tried several of their appetizers but the one that stood out the most was the edamame dumplings. They were perfectly sized and the skin was of the right thickness. The taste is very creamy and smooth and literally melts in your mouth. This was my first time trying edamame dumplings and they really reminded me of pierogies. For the main dishes, I tried their broken chili chicken, sizzling short rib, glazed alaskan black cod and hot and sour scallops, all of which were great. I especially enjoyed their alaskan black cod that was quite tender and juicy. Their short rib was also pretty great with a great sauce. Unfortunately, I was not able to try any of their desserts as I was stuffed at that point but our table ordered the pastry chef's tasting selection and the presentation was beautiful.I had my birthday dinner here and was quite pleased. Antonio was my server and he was quite attentive and very informative on all the dishes. I ended up ordering 5 appetizers to be shared amongst 3 people. We had the edamame dumplings, chili rock shrimp, peking duck salad, hoisin glazed pork belly and beef lettuce cups. My best friend requested for the crying chocolate which was malted chocolate ganache and vietnamese coffee ice cream drizzled with milk caramel. My favorite of the appetizers was the hoisin glazed pork belly and the chili rock shrimp. The edamame dumplings was a bit too filling for me. As for the dessert, I preferred the chocolate ganache over the vietnamese coffee ice cream. All in all, I really like this place. I love the lighting and the interior decoration here. The moment you step into Buddakan, it's like you're transformed to another world, a secret universe of divine cuisine. I would definitely come back for another special occasion. Thanks for a great birthday, Buddakan.favorite restaurant in New York go every year for my birthday, definitley make a reservation. Amazing atmosphere for drinks, dates, birthday dinner or business. Great appetizers and shared dinner courses. Pricey but hey its NYOur reservation was for 8:30, but we didn't get seated until after 9, there was also no where to sit in the lounge.  After that, service and food were amazing.Always had an amazing time with friends or with a date . Always ask the waiter what they would recommend . They have a good choice of what is really good.  - Upstairs is more a of a social area bar is there and music is louder - downstairs on the main hall is an open forum of tables The library is more private and not as loud as upstairs you really enjoy a great dinner here it's been my 4time coming back and I've always had an amazing experience -Staff is always polite and enjoyable to be around  highly recommend *Amazing food , great ambience and attentive staff. Yes its been here forever , yes its always impossible to get a reservation at a reasonable hour but  yes its worth it .If you are a pork bun fan then they give Momofuko a run for their money . Most people are now thinking Buddakan don't do pork buns but they do, just order the Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly and bingo you get 5 for 15 bucks which is a steal .Whether its a date or a night out with friends you cant go wrong.Update re review . 9 nov.Reservation for 1030 finally seated at nearly mid night and food arrived 1230 . Not nearly good enough.The black cod was over cooked and staff snippy.Im knocking off a star....maybe this was an off night but with Tao opened across the road I feel they may need up their game.This restaurant is absolutely beautiful - one of the nicest I've seen. I also thought the service was very nice. The food though...EH. I may not be the best judge because I really don't care for Asian fusion food. I found it wildly expensive for food that tasted like good Chinese takeout. Everything was doused with too much sweet sauce and tasted the same. My favorite was the black cod dish, but I still wasn't blown away by it. I will say that it is a very nice place to go if you have friends in town or with a big group because they have a sharing menu. Very nice ambiance.For a chain restaurant, this place is excellent! I highly recommend their Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly, it is superb!!  Unlike other high end restaurants in the area, you won't walk out of here hungry!This place is full of Chinese oral pleasures!!Gorgeous restaurant. Impeccable service. Amazing food. I'm allergic to shellfish and the wait staff made me my own tasting menu since my party went heavy on the shrimp dishes. The edamame dumplings are bomb!!!Buddakan is my favorite restaurant in NYC! The food and service are always top notch.  This place is quintessential NYC - I love the hotel lobby style check-in.  This place is definitely worth a visit if you are in the mood for Chinese/Asian fusion and perfect for a light dinner before going out.  It is on the pricier side but worth every penny IMO!I LOVE this place!  The ambiance is amazing!  The food is exceptional! I've visited this restaurant twice and can't wait to go again.  This is one of the best places to take someone from out of town for a great night out in the MeatPacking district.I had an excellent birthday dinner at Buddakan. The service is wonderful and I appreciated that the server suggested some things that I wouldn't have otherwise tried. The edamame dumplings were awesome - several people have brought them up for a reason. For my entree I had the sweet and crispy shimp. I was literally talking about the shrimp for a week. First of all, they were huge. They had fresh grapefruit and a sweet creamy sauce on them which was an awesome combination. Buddakan is perfect for an intimate date or a dinner with a big group. Check it out and you won't be disappointed.This is by far one of the best restaurant I've tried in New York! It was my first time there and I will definitely back again! What you NEED to try the Edamame Dumplings! The secret ingredient is truffles! They are to die for! We ordered different types of fish and they were all well seasoned (could have used a little more spices). In general, the food tastes light and fresh. You feel full at the end of the meal, but the "comfortable" kind of full. The food didn't take too long and they gave us the right amount of time between the appetizers and the entrees.  The service is good, efficient. It's expensive but definitely worth it.I wasn't really a big fan of the interior, a bit too dark for my taste, you can barely see the food.This is one of this situation where i m clashing with myself regarding writing  the review.Objectively i can see why this place is getting 4,5 star rating by many. It is impeccably well ran place, with atmospherically magnificent gargantuan dinning room surrounded  by several lounge-y type smaller dinning spaces.Decor - mix of different styles and eras synced very well.They make the best cosmopolitan I had in years ( literally) It tastes as it should and servers do not forget to ask what kind of vodka you want in it. It also comes with the twist of lemon. (Many places in NYC- replaced it with slice of lemon and lime) Peking duck salad was OK, General Tsos dumplings were better as were the Cantonese chicken spring rolls.Wok Tossed Noodles with Prawns were my favorite.( prawns tasted fresh) Mille Feuille is a dessert -a peanut  butter - chocolate base  served with the rose petals - a friend of mine would keep coming back here for it, as for me -  although i enjoyed it i also forgot that i had it the day after.The best part of this experience is walking down the stars to the main dinning room which really looks magnificent.Apart from everything mentioned above- it still lacks the personality and overall ( subjectively) -  this is not my cup of tea.Amazing! Loved it !!!!!!  The atmosphere is super cool. I loved coming down the stairs into the ballroom. and the food was delicious!  and so were the cocktails. Definitely pricey, but worth it for a special occasion.  Really edgy and nice!This is your spot if you believe a great ambiance and trendy crowd weigh more than the originality and savoriness of food.I love the interior decor of the restaurant and would highly recommend the place for a date-to-impress or a large party. If you are like me who'd rather enjoy mind boggling  food at a whole-in-the-wall, maybe don't come here with high expectations. It doesn't mean the food here isn't great. To be fair, some dishes we had were pretty delicious, but you can probably get the equivalents without all that fanciness at many other restaurants in the city. Given all the hype about this place, I just wasn't overly impressed (particularly the 2nd time). Appetizer:Short ribs- tender with decent BBQ flavor. 2/3 of the plate was rather filled with a tasteless mustard sauce, which I'm still not sure of the purpose. Edamame dumplings- The mushy texture took me by a surprise. The strong truffle flavor was interesting. I personally question if the concept really works.Pork belly- Very well marinated and the bun was soft and chewy just like how I like them! However, it was slightly too fat and that it just can't top Ippudo or Momofuko. Peking duck salad- Blah... I would not have known the shredded meat in the salad resembles any part of Peking duck without reading the menu!Entree:Black pepper steak- great chucks of steak served medium with just enough black pepper sauce. The crouton and crispy nesting were some creative additions.Lamb chop- Buddakan knows how to cook their meat! Couldn't ask for more.Chinese sausage fried rice- nothing spectacular compared to takeout fried rice, with the exception of a sunny-side-up egg maybe.Black cod- Quality fish with a very tender texture. Could definitely use more flavor. The veggies on the side taste great by themselves, but didn't quite supplement the main fish.Dessert:All were very delicious, especially even after we had just busted our pants trying to finish the excessive amount of food we ordered. Crying chocolate cake, grilled coconut cake and almond banana bread are all worth trying! While you are here living the trendy  NY life, may as well take a sip of their specialty cocktails to complete the treat!Second trip to Buddakan, but the first time was for a party (sort of fixed menu), so I went into this feeling like I was walking into the unknown. Now I know what I need to know, and it's that Buddakan is by far one of my favorite restaurants...ever.The decor is amazing, the atmosphere is perfect; Typically a young crowd, lively but not so loud that you can't hold a conversation. Service was really quick, but we were never rushed. We actually sat there for a good 25 minutes with the check on our table and felt like we could have stayed another 25 minutes. And this was on a busy Saturday night. the Edamame Dumplings, Rock Shrimp, and Calamari Salad are UNREAL. The charred beef was definitely the best entree. And the lamb chops were pretty good too. All in all its top notch. Not one bad thing to say about the place!I would give this spot a 1 Star for the Food.  A 5 Star for the upscale ambiance and beautiful decor they have goin on.  I was here about a month ago but now getting the time to write my review.I love the fusion concept but this one to me was a Huge Miss.  I don't think I've ever seen food that looked so pretty but tasted so terrible.The wait staff are very professional in their jobs as servers.  I would definitely not describe them as 'friendly', I would describe them moreso as . . . Cold.Great place for cocktails, but not for a tasty satisfying meal.I'm sorry, I see that this spot has huge ratings and many positive reviews so that is why we selected it.  Clearly my experience varies from about 90% of the people who wrote reviews so. . . this is just my very honest opinion : )Very trendy and truly New York style restaurant, I really like this place.  Drinks are great, I will certainly be going back.Buddakan is a mysterious, almost foreboding black box that served as our destination for a small dinner celebrating victory over cancer. The interior is nearly as dark as the exterior - this is the darkest, sexiest restaurant I've ever visited. As so many others have mentioned, the main dining room is stunning in size and appearance; there is no way of guessing that such a large, grand, open space exists in what appears to be a small, conspicuously inconspicuous building. There were at least five other distinct dining spaces as well as the large lounge, although you might not even realize there's a bar there while your eyes are busy adjusting themselves. They may realize this, as we were seated in this area first - presumably to grab a cocktail. We were too hungry to wait much longer to order, so we opted to be seated at our table.Cocktails, of course, were the first things we ordered. The cocktail menu, which makes significant use of Asian ingredients, definitely skews toward the sweet side; so while each was enjoyable (we sampled four different recipes), I found myself wanting something more straightforward. Some of them could even be mistaken as Latin American in nature.Although many dishes caught our eye, we settled on the edamame dumplings and chili rock shrimp. These dishes were truly exceptional - I could have ordered three plates of the dumplings and been perfectly satisfied. Like biting into tiny clouds. The edamame itself had a perfect smooth texture while the shallot-sauternes broth enhanced them further. Rock shrimp are indeed distinctive from regular shrimp, with their creamy texture and flavor. The chili and toasted ginger were a very nice, if a bit sweet, preparation for them.These appetizers set the stage for spectacular main dishes, but things got a little confusing. My hot & sour scallops, served over a bed of tofu, sweet corn and black mushrooms, were delicious and perfectly cooked. However, there were just three medium sized scallops. I thought it was a joke at first - as an entrée portion, it was quite small, borderline appetizer. Other Buddakan locations serve four or five scallops for the same dish (thanks, Google). For $26, at this place, I'd expect four... not five, and certainly not three.With that off my chest, the other dishes for this course - all entrée-sized, thankfully - included the Kung Pao monkfish (which I deemed the winner of the entrées), charred filet of beef and lobster fried rice. The beef dish was bewildering: a bowl of what was supposed to be "crispy wontons" was actually taro and lotus root chips. A small vessel of a tasty sauce sat next to them, while a smear of mustard arced along the perimeter of the plate. It wasn't clear what sauce went where or why the wontons were missing. The lobster fried rice, mentioned in the most reviews for this Buddakan listing, was just kind of there. It sounds delicious at first - and sure, the lobster wasn't overcooked and the rice wasn't overly greasy - but when you realize how plain it is, you'll wish you got something else. Kung Pao preparation was perfect for this succulent hunk of monkfish. Quite plainly, it was awesome.Desserts - hyperstylized compared to our other courses and on the precious side - fell a little flat as well. Crying chocolate (another oft-mentioned dish), had awesome Vietnamese coffee ice cream, but the liquid center of the actual cake wept an unappealing clear sugar liquid as if its innards had separated. The crumbs, caramel and gold-laden chocolate plank were ... inconsequential. The citrus semifreddo was quite flamboyant, certainly the attention-seeker of the dessert menu. Perched on a crumbly kaffir lime genoise sat a delicately flavored semifreddo sandwich, accompanied by a pile of absolutely wonderful candied grapefruit and small dollops of yummy lime curd. The anise-flavored gelatin cubes were really over the top. Before I forget, I have absolutely no complaints about our server. He was only there when we needed him and everything was well-timed. There was an awkward moment of confusion when a busboy removed only my setting from the table (...hey! I needed those), but it was rectified quickly. Next time, I'd skip the cocktail menu and opt for a heavier dessert like the bread pudding. Clearly I already have a plan & look forward to returning soon.I've been here twice and its one of my favorite restaurants in New York City.  Everything on the menu seems to be executed perfectly.  The service is also attentive and friendly without being bothersome. The lobster fried rice, edamame dumplings and pork belly are my favorites.I went to this spot on April 20, the day before my Cancun, Mexico trip, so this is the reason I'm writing my review today. I absolutely LOVED this spot and everything about it. The atmosphere was beautiful and even though we didn't eat in the grand ballroom we got a chance to see it and it is a SPECTACULAR view and set up. Our waiter was Neo from the Matrix (j/k) and he was both friendly and helpful. Seriously though, it did kinda look like all the servers were extras from the Matrix but I'm not complaining. Based on how the environment is they didn't look out of place. I must say that the best appetizer I've had in a restaurant was the crab cake from Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steak House, but...I've officially added the Jade Shrimp dumplings to the list as a close second. Man oh man...words cannot describe how good that dish is. The trick is going to be not getting another order before your entree gets out. It is that damn good. Trust me. My girlfriend had the lobster egg rolls and they were delicious as well (don't worry, I didn't hog my shrimp. We both shared appetizers. lol)For our entrees she had the sweet and crispy jumbo shrimp and I had the roast duck noodles. Both dishes were EXCELLENT. My dish included duck dumplings in addition to the sliced duck over noodles so needless to say I was in duck bliss! I usually take pictures of the food before I eat it but neither myself or my girlfriend were having it. We demolished everything put in front of us and didn't even think about picture taking until after we had left the restaurant to walk off our full stomachs. We both had two glasses of Riesling and no room for dessert so I'm going to have to review the dessert portion of the menu the next time I return, which will be VERY SOON!5 stars!Hands down just a really great place. Cocktails are wonderful, service is superb, and food is incredible.Recommend: Calamari Salad, Broken Chili Chicken, Jumbo Shrimp, and the Asian Green Stir Fry side dish.BEST DINING EXPERIENCE we had in NYC!We had: Edamame dumplings (yum!), rock shrimp, and other veggie dishes. I love meat myself, and didn't mind going (somewhat) veg tonight b/c of all the amazing flavors. Staff is very knowlegable, and the food was top-notch. Make reservations! Also, in Chelsea Market, so good place to walk off your meal afterwards.Insanely trendy, sleek and sexy, a night at Buddakan is a special one. The service is attentive, the drinks are incredible and the food is surprisingly good for a place so 'scene-y'. Usually at a place with this much hype and an atmosphere so gorgeous (the main dining room was where Carrie's rehearsal dinner in Sex and the City was filmed), you expect to pay mainly for the atmosphere and perhaps a good cocktail. However Buddakan has perfected all three important categories: atmosphere, cocktails and food. The cocktails are as delicious as their alluring names appear to be. I chose the 'Dream', served with Bacardi Limon, Shochu (a Japanese alcohol), guava and mint. Upon first sip, I was envisioning the next time, and time after that I would be back to Buddakan to try all of their cocktails ('Tranquility'...'Reflection'...'Fever'). Yup. I'll be back for you.For appetizers, the Edamame Dumplings are essential. This appetizer alone is reason to come back to Buddakan. The dumplings are soft and delicate, and stuffed with an edamame filling enhanced with cream, dashi broth and truffle oil. It yields for a flavor and texture so luxurious, stuffed into dumpling dough so light and perfect. The dumplings are then cooked in a shallot and sauternes broth, with chicken stock, thyme and served with onion sprouts. Incredible! Bravo Chef Michael Schulson. I love you for this appetizer. The Sesame Shrimp Toast served with soy sauce and spicy mustard was also good; crispy and crunchy and coated with white and black sesame seeds and bursting with flavors of fresh shrimp. We also shared the Charred Asparagus with black bean foam, Lobster Fried Rice with saffron and thai basil, and the Roast Duck Noodles with duck wontons and sliced duck. The Charred Asparagus was simple yet amazing. I enjoyed the Lobster Fried Rice and the Roast Duck Noodles were delicious (from the duck meat to the wontons to the broth) but was a tad over-salted. We were so full  when it came time for dessert but the Crying Chocolate dessert was calling my name (and looked incredible on our neighbor's table)... Malted chocolate ganache, milk caramel, and Vietnamese coffee ice cream. Save room for dessert.Overall consensus: Buddakan rocks. It is a great place for a post-work drink and appetizers, place to take a friend from out-of-town, a birthday, or to impress your parents. I would recommend to stick mainly with the appetizers and lots o' cocktails.Other menu highlights I can't wait to try:Cantonese Spring Rolls with shrimp and chicken   Lobster Egg Rolls with mint, cabbage, and a sweet chili sauce  Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly with spicy shallots, cabbage, steamed 'buns'  Tuna Tartare Spring Roll with crispy shallots and ponzu  Crispy Calamari Salad with green apples, cashews, and miso vinaigrette Chili Rock Shrimp with toasted gingerBoneless Spare Ribs with chinese mustardMao Poe Tofu with minced pork and red chiliWhole Crispy Fish with chive blossom, green curry, and turmericIf you get past the feeling that you're eating in a dungeon, you'll love the share-able eats at Buddakan. I didn't see a drawbridge, but you go for the show less for comfort, Would say it's part of the trendlet of Tao, Spice Market etc. Think though that Buddakan excels those peers on many fronts. Almost everything I tried was executed well. The menu was pretty comprehensive with some inspired options and surprises. The price point too is very reasonable for the quality of food and portions that you get.Oooh, this place is sexy. I was visiting the bf in NYC and he recommended Buddakan because of their legendary edamame dumplings. Reasons why I love Buddakan:1) Reservations:  Surprisingly, not too difficult to book! I made a reservation for 2 for a Friday night at 7:15pm and a table was readily available one week in advance. Niiice. 2) Decor/Service:  Did you know the Sex and The City movie was filmed here?! Not that this was the major draw, but man oh man, the interior design of Buddakan makes you feel like you're stepping into royalty. Beautiful colors on the wall, large dining areas where you're not breathing on the diners next to you, I mean, just check out the photos for yourself. The restaurant's foyer makes you feel like you're checking into a hotel in Vegas or stepping into a nightclub. Techo/pop music permeates the room, and the uber-friendly staff don't make you feel uncomfortable one bit for wearing jeans and sneakers (hey, I was coming from my 9-5!) while everyone else is dressed like fashion show attendees. ***Cool perk:  They have a coat check! Coming from Cali, I hadn't experienced that before, so it was nice that I was able to check in my laptop bag since I was coming from work. 3) Food (duh): As many others have mentioned, EDAMAME DUMPLINGS ARE A MUST. The edamame is grinded up and stuff into rice paper dumplings wrap. Very simple dish, no special sauces needed to make this delicious. We also ordered the Scallion Pancakes w/Braised Beef Short Rib -- the combo of the salty beef + sweet green apple is such an unique taste. For veggies, Cauliflower Stir Fry was spicy and sweet, and paired well with the Charred Filet of Beef that we ordered as our main entree. As for dessert, do NOT leave Buddakan without trying the CRYING CHOCOLATE. Sweet coffee ice cream paired with bitter dark chocolate ganache and ground coffee. What a sweet caffeine high!I was invited here in February of 2014 for a $55 brunch with 6 friends. After going to the restroom, I noticed that parties of 2 were receiving the same amount of food that our party of 6 was receiving. For example, the 6 of us got 6 dumplings and the party of 2 also got 6 dumplings. The party of 2 got 4 spare ribs, our party of 6 got 4 spare ribs. We had to ask for more because there simply wasn't enough for everyone. Why would 6 people pay $55/each to get the same amount of food as 2 people? Very confusing and bizarre. Also, the prix-fixe menu didn't include any alcohol. Yikes. I won't be back for prix-fixe but I'll be back for a regular dinner.This is such a great place for date night. Love the ambiance. perfect for a night out with friends too. I am vegetarian: So this is what we ordered and what we liked!Edamame Dumplings- creamy and very delicious. Carrot Dumplings- my favorite appetizer. I like them better than the edamame ones because they have more flavor. Edamame is a little bland (cheesy creamy)Chilled Udon Noodles- they taste good but i am not a fan of chilled foodAsian Green Steer Fry- deliciousWild Mushrooms Chow Fun- pretty good.Dessert: crying chocolate- its really good.Almond Bread Pudding- I loved it! I read a review on yelp how its mindblowing though overlooked because of crying chocolate. But you must give it a try! Its absolutely phenomenal.We love this place! I've only been to this restaurant twice and immediately fell in love. It is super swanky and definitely trendy. Upon first seeing it on Sex and the City (the movie), I knew I had to go. The exterior is a little deceiving (other than the door) and the sign isn't that noticeable so make sure you keep your eyes peeled when looking for it. When you enter, the interior will blow you away!! I don't even want to spoil it for people because I believe its something you should see for yourself! There are three different areas in this restaurant, with three different themes (or what seems to be). Nothing short of remarkable. The asian fusion food was amazing and was great for sharing. Everything is pretty much family style here, so remember that upon ordering   I can't even pick out one favorite dish because all of it was just that good! You definitely need reservations when coming here and the earlier the better. I'd recommend this place to any foodie and for anyone that has a love for interior design. I'd go back in a New York minute.Steven Starr really outdid himself on this one, this trendy pan Asian restaurant in the Meatpacking district offers delicious and aesthetically pleasing food.We had 6PM reservations and were told to sit in the lounge while our table was being prepared.  We sat there for only 3 minutes before our table was ready.  The place is massive, with a beauty and the beast sized table downstairs.  We sat in a romantically lit room amongst other diners who were close but not too close where I felt cramped.The scallion pancakes topped with braised short rib and green apple were delicious, the main star was the short rib.  We also ordered the crispy calamari salad which was great and had plenty to share.  The lobster fried rice that my boyfriend had, was a huge amount that could feed 4.  He said that was excellent as well.  My minced pork lo mein was also well prepared, the ultimate in comfort food.  The crying chocolate dessert was so good, the Vietnamese coffee ice cream was a wonderful addition.Our only issue of the night was with our waiter.  After we indicated that we would not be having any alcoholic beverages, he was a snob thereafter.  He didn't even ask us what we were going to order to eat, we had to interject our selections.  Towards the end of our meal was when he finally checked on us, and when it was time for dessert, he basically handed us menus without saying a word and kept walking.  For a restaurant that wants to put itself up with the big shots of manhattan (since steven starr is bigger in philly), get rid of the snob waiters.Every now and again (when my pockets of my fancy pants can afford it) I like to treat myself to a nice dinner where nice atmosphere and great service are a given. Enter Buddakan, and enter just the right amount of fancy to stuff in my pants (and belly).We had an awesome dinner that consisted mostly of trying different dumplings and side dishes, which seemed to be the best value (yep, even when I'm wearing my fancy pants, I'm still constantly looking for a deal!).  Most dumplings came 4 or 6 to an order and they were great for sharing. My favorites were the soup dumpling and the pork belly. Both had great flavor and were quite filling despite their small size. We also tried the lobster fried rice and the pork lo-mein. I especially liked the lo-mein which was not at all greasy or oily. I had a few bites of the stir fried greens and I also thought they were done just right. I was worried they would be bitter as bok choy sometimes can be, but the dish was perfection.Our server was incredible too. He was so knowledgeable about the menu and guided our ordering decisions very wisely. And then of course, there is the ambience. We went on a Monday night so it wasn't too busy, but I can only imagine the energy that must shoot through that place when those tables are filled. My goal is to have a large dinner party in the downstairs communal table sometime soon a la Carrie and Big!SO yes, it's pretty pricey and nothing I can afford to do too often, but it was a nice treat on my last night in New York.I went here for a dinner with a total of 6 people. It's worth mentioning right off the bat that my boyfriend and I were running late, yet they managed to seat us within 5 minutes after catching up to the rest of our party.We walked down the giant staircase into an absolutely breathtaking room - it feels like Harry Potter meets Marie Antoinette meets candelights meets gold leaf. Incredible. While we were not seated there, we did get a cozy corner booth with rounded sides, enabling all of us to sit comfortably facing each other. It was also a bit quieter in our dining area.We ordered the tasting menu, which I can't find on their website, but everything was delicious. Standouts include the edamame dumplings, which were insanely good, as well as the pepper beef, and this wonderful frizzy salad with crisped duck and a poached egg on top. The lobster fried rice was incredible. I will say that a few of the dishes brought out were either unimaginative or good but not mind-blowing. That being said, I'd rather have a few "normal" dishes than something that was awful, right? There were zero bombs in the meal.I will say I was disappointed by the Charm cocktail I ordered - it was sugary sweet and reminded me of something you'd see a wasted college girl mix up at a frat house. It had some kind of apple taste (unsure if it was liquor or juice) mixed in with just tons of other fruity stuff. Bad move on my part.Our server was lovely and friendly, the woman that sat us was also great. I see there are many complaints on this site about manners and punctuality - maybe we got a good night, but I really have zero complaints about the staff. It could be because my group was comprised more of family members than all the "hip" kids in ridiculous heels I saw tottering around loudly on our way out...So yes.. I cant help myself from falling in love with hole in the wall honest good food nor can I not drool at a trendy spot for some amazing asian fusion.. Drinks nothing blew our mind,  i would just recommend getting a bottle of wine but the scallops and edamame and the crying chocolate... I will be back for sure ... My birthday was welcomed well.Long story short: some outstanding dishes but way more misses.Cocktails: all way too sweetAppetizers/dim sum: edamame dumplings were insanely wonderful; I want a plate right now! Lobster egg rolls just tasted like friedness, pork belly was overlooked and dry, lobster and crab dumplings were good but not amazingMain courses: cauliflower was incredible (crispy with a subtle spice); short ribs were dry as a bone (how does that happen?!); Chinese sausage fried rice was very one note (sausage being the only flavor); wok fried noodles were a saucey, soggy, salty mess; and the seared beef was tasty but the Chinese mustard sauce wasn't spicy and I'm not sure how the dish is AsianWe won't be back except for maybe beer and edamame dumplingsBuddakan is NOT Chinese. It is NOT Thai. It is NOT American. It's Asian fusion done rightSo many fusion places just simply add Asian condiments to everyday food materials. I'm sorry but that just tastes like steamed broccoli with heavy, overwhelming gravies dumped on top. Asian fusion has been waiting for a place that truely speaks to the potential of the fusion category and Buddakan has done just that Like other Yelpers have said, definitely try the edamame dumplings. I also really loved the stir fried eggplant with dried (unsweetened) pineapples.  the lobster fried rice that day was really dry though... Had an awesome time dining in the grandiose venue.Loved the ominous black door that greets you when at Buddakan. You don't know what to expect from that black box of a building. They take your coat and you're seated in the lounge area for drinks while you wait for your table. I got the Charm cocktail which was delightfully fruity and bubbly.The restaurant is enormous and we were seated in the red themed area, which was really romantic. We got the pork belly, broken chili chicken and dungeness crab sticky rice. The pork belly blew us away and was so flavorful and tender. I expected the chicken to be spicier, but it was perfectly crispy and not oily or fried. I've had better crab sticky rice, but it was still tasty and was such a large portion we couldn't finish it. Having a dim sum dish, entree and a side was more than enough for two people.I went downstairs to check out the main dining area with the huge chandeliers; it was absolutely breathtaking. I wonder how you can make sure you're seated there. I'm already thinking about having my birthday dinner there and will definitely be coming back!This was my second trip to Buddakan. The first trip was wonderful, the decor is creative and beautiful, and feels very grand but modern. Both times, not all of the dishes were amazing, but many were. I would have rated it much higher, but when we finished ordering what we thought would be plenty of food, the waiter insisted not once, but three times that we needed another entrée. We ended up having WAY too much food and at the Buddakan prices, it really left a bad taste in my mouth. I also found the gals that greeted us at the front to be very chilly. The scallion pancakes and the Peking duck were both fantastic dishes and the spicy cocktail - I think it's called Fire - is also delicious.Buddakan is one of the few restaurants that never ceases to amaze me.  It is one of the primary restaurants of Stephen Starr's vast restaurant empire. Buddakan rose to fame after its appearance in the first Sex and the City movie, but many have said that it has become overrated.  I whole-heartedly disagree.  Not only is the food delicious,  but the presentation is beautiful.  The food at Buddakan is surely a work of art.  Yes, you will probably pay a hefty price for the Pan-Asian delicacies served at Buddkan, but its worth every penny.  The dishes are intended for sharing.  However, don't you dare compare Buddakan to the likes of Carmine's and Tony's DiNapoli (nothing wrong with those restaurants, they are just not on the same level as Buddakan).As soon as you push through the heavy doors of Buddakan, you can feel its power.  Dark, yet romantic décor covers the restaurant.  If you're a fan of Sex and the City, you'll definitely feel the extravagant vibe that Carrie and John felt upon entering their engagement party.Basically everything at Buddakan is amazing.  To name a few:Appetizers-sesame shrimp toast, the lobster egg rolls, edamame dumplings (if you have not had these, you have not lived)I'm actually usually too full by the time I get to the entree, but the charred filet of beef is phenomenal and the lobster fried rice is super addicting (how do you stop eating it?).The dessert are beyond creative.  The pumpkin cheese is the perfect combo of pumpkin spices and creamy cheesecake. The "crying chocolate" will make you cry, of happiness.This place has an amazing ambiance and feel to it. We sat in the lounge area as the dining room was fully committed. I thought the food was very good overall but nothing really made it stand out as special from other pan asian restaurants I have been too in this category. Would I return? Possibly if friends insisted on eating here, for now I will continue to explore until I find a somewhere with something much more unique that makes it self stand apart from the Buddakan / Hakkasan's of the world.Perfect environmentPerfect servicePerfect foodEnough saidGo experience for yourselfNowI am tempted to discuss in detail why the food was terrible but I still am trying  to justify the prices they charge. This is a "happening" place. The space is fab. The cocktales are fab. The decor is fab. The staff are fab. The food...boring, greasy, cold, two steps up from your local chinese take out. The presentation sort of remind me of airplane food. Its looked pretty. Its  packaged well. But after you are jolted back into the present and the awe of the pretty drinks and high ceilings have worn off, I am left thinking "how stunningly bad the food was". If anyone can prove the spring beans weren't from the frozen section of Trader Joes, I'll take back my review....More like 3 1/2 stars....only because I thought the  all the tables are close together and felt no privacy. I was literally squeezed into my table and the people next to us felt like they were on my table. All seating was like that. Service four stars, food four stars, drinks were excellent and music was good. But dark and not private at all.  I ave tried lots of NYC resturant and I still feel that steakhouses and French food is the only places worth going.Docking a 0.5 stars because I had a HORRIBLE experience the first time I was here. Nothing the restaurant did, but more so my group just ordered the absolute worse things on the menu.Specifically, the first time I was here...I started off with the edamame dumplings and I was supremely underwhelmed and dissappointed. two people who I was with (who were trying to be health freaks) insisted that we get these when I didn't think it looked that good.....In any case, my fears were right...these dumplings were small, the edamame was pureed and tasted like baby food and overall lacking flavor. I understand edamame is usually just served plain or with light salt but this was just not worth paying 13 dollars for. This kind of set the tone and ruined the rest of the meal as my group wouldn't gun for any of the pricier dishes as well, opting to split the more generic food that you can go to a chinese takeout restaurant to eat.Like I said, nothing the restaurant did wrong, moreso the diners I was with.Fast forward - Came back again for an 11:30PM weekend reservation and could not have been a happier customer. Had to wait ~10 mins for our table but we entertained ourselves at the bar. Drinks are mildly on the strong side, though not too strong. My friends and I got the Reflection, Tranquility and Fate. All were very asian in flavor and super yum.Moving along to the food... We started off with the hoisin glazed pork belly. This was great! The rock shrimp was good. Pretty sure the sauce is not too healthy, but food that is good tasting rarely is. Either way, I recommend that you get. We also got the scallion pancakes with beef short rib and green apple. This was an interesting twist to your usual scallion pancake which is either plain or served with duck stuffed in between. The hoisin glazed pork belly is a GREAT deal here! you get like 5 buns for like 14 bucks. Well worth the value compared to places like Ippudo where its 9 for 2 (though I will always pay for that).For main course, we got the sizzling short rib and the lamb chops and I believe the boneless ribs. They were all good and yummy.Overall great experience and the decor is awesome. The inside is very trendy and the middle looks like a huge open dining hall, but in a classy sense.Althought I went there with my friends, it's a Perfect date place as well !! Amazing ambiance and every item on the menu is just yummy !!!They add their own twist to the recipes which I like but a few ppl would complain about :/ ( well you can't please everyone, can you ? Plus some people will always crib 3:( ) ...  Everything is on the pricier side but let me tell you its all worth it :)I loved this place and will definitely keep going :D Definitely for a date next time ;)An early evening before attending a play, a girlfriend and I stopped into Buddakan for a treat. We were seated downstairs in a comfortable corner that allowed us to actually read the menus without sacrificing the sexy, dimly lit atmosphere that makes a restaurant a dining experience.The tuna tartare was made with egg whites in the avocado -- and it was delicious. My entree came artfully displayed, an entire fish crisped in a V shape. Seasoned without being too oily, the Asian veggies side accompanied well.We discovered shortly after ordering that our play was an hour sooner than we had realized. Our waiter expedited the order and we made it in time for opening curtain without a hitch.So, this place was recommended to me by my friends in NYC. Of course, I immediately booked a reservation since I wanted to get my eat on!FOOD/DRINK - 5 Stars:Drinks (yelp.com/biz_photos/budd…): - Fever which has mezal, jalapeno, lime, and pomegranate.- Dream which has bacardi lime, shochu, guava, and mint.Entrees:- Singapore Chili King Crab (yelp.com/biz_photos/budd…)- Lobster Fried Rice (yelp.com/biz_photos/budd…)- Sizzling Short Rib with Chow Fun (yelp.com/biz_photos/budd…)Dessert:- Crying Chocolate (yelp.com/biz_photos/budd…), which is full of a ton of chocolate!I couldn't get enough of the fried rice and the short ribs with chow fun. Rice is always good and adding lobster just makes it that much better. The chow fun paired with a huge piece of short ribs was perfect. It was tender and falling apart. Now for my favorite, the Singapore chili king crab was THE BEST. It wasn't difficult to pull out the meat as it was shelled in way where you just pull it out with practically no effort. And the chili just added to the deliciousness of it all. I still have dreams of it! Hahaha.The night came to end with chocolate which is the best way to end a meal. Not only did it look amazing, but it tasted amazing... a very rich chocolate flavor which wasn't overpowering. I want some more right now actually. LOL!ATMOSPHERE - 5 Stars: This place is dark and very intimate. I loved the inside of this place. It was really a great last dinner before having to come back to LA. The decor in here is pretty cool too. I really liked everything and the vibe.SERVICE - 5 Stars: The staff here were friendly and courteous. Our waiter was really cool too and helped us make some choices since we wanted to kind of get a taste of everything without over ordering.RECOMMENDATION: I truly love this place and I will come back. I think everyone should come here and check it out. The food is amazing and you'll definitely be wanting more.Incredibly delicious.  My highlights were the pork dumplings, cod, & vegetable rice (which I would eat everyday if I could). The drink menu looked amazing too but since I'm preggers I couldn't indulge. I definitely recommend this place.I've been here only a handful of times-- usually for a special occasion, which makes a nice treat. The ambiance of the restaurant is very nice-- upscale but comfortable. Try the scallion pancakes appetizer- they're made w/ braised beef and green apples julienne- very good and an interesting take on scallion pancakes, which I like in and of itself. The chili rock shrimp was good, but my boyfriend despises mayonnaise, so this was a bust for us. Good if you like creamy sauces. We've tried the Cantonese Steamed Sole and the Glazed Alaskan Black Cod. I might be getting them confused, but I believe it was the cod that was flavorless and we preferred the sole the next time around. However, I wouldn't try the fish when we go back (although I have heard very good things about the taste and presentation of the whole, crispy fish). I can't remember the dessert I got here, but remember the ice cream that accompanied it was outstanding. Good restaurant for a special occasion or upscale date.Almost feel bad to give a two star to Buddakan... Maybe Z and I had too high of an expectation but was let down... My other foodie friend really enjoyed here and I usually trust his touches. Maybe that's why my expectation wasn't met. I was never into any Asia fusion as you can't "fuse" Asian food. They are all so unique, no matter Chinese, Japanese, Korea, Thai, Vietnamese, Malaysian, etc. Buddakan proved me right again. Don't get me wrong, it's definitely Asian food beautifully presented in a nice place, in a very thematic, well decorated restaurant (cell phone reception was bad though...)Edamame dumplings - i really don't like the taste of it... very strange taste. Didn't even finish it. but I do understand a lot of people love it. Just doesn't work for us. Z and I have 99% match in food preference, and that's why we are perfect food partners. Hoisin Glazed Port Belly - i give it four stars but it doesn't top the port belly buns in Ippudo. if you want to get your port belly buns, go to Ippudo. If you don't want to wait 2 hours for it, order it at the bar. Tuna Tartare Spring Roll - interesting combination. but it's not that impressive. Scallion pancake - the braised beef tasted a bit heavy/salty or something. Was expecting the green apple on top of the beef to bring some refreshing feeling to this dish but didn't deliver. Peking Duck - even my trusted foodie friend really like it. I just don't get what's so special about it? I can get better quality and lower price from an authentic chinese restaurant... The Hoisin sauce is too salty and not authentic at all... But the wrap is actually what you are supposed to get for peking duck, which is a very thin slice instead of the bun for the pork belly. The only five star of the night is the Dungeness crab sticky rice. but the time we got to it, we were almost full. But when the dish is good, we will make room. We were expecting Buddakan to be around the same level as morimoto as they are very close in location and we tried them back to back. Will not return to Buddakan...Such a fun and vibrant place. I chose to have my birthday dinner here in the main dining room of course since it is Sex in the City worthy I thought why not feel extra special on my birthday in a grand way.I specifically requested to be seated in the Main dining area and was happy I waited.We began with the Bo Bo Plate ( Tuna Spring Rolls, Sesame Spring Rolls)Since the eating is designed for sharing we ordered an array of different dishes:The Lobster Fried Rice- Awwwwwsome little  lobster chunks and other spices that just are delightful. You have to try it to see why I am speechless about specifics but know I would have it again and again.Chinese Sausage Fried Rice-  A classic with an egg sunny sideThe Duck Soup- Very saturated and a little too much to eat in one sittingThe Roast Duck Noodles were delicious. Dessert:The Tofu Cheesecake was such a pleasant surprise. So soft and delectable. The serving size is pretty large so get ready to share.The Bread Pudding is also darn good. I tell you I was almost about to burst. I felt like the whole experience from  the Hostess' to Table waiters and throughout dinner the multiple table service was an example of how it feels to constantly be catered to. I felt that the candle wax was a bit much as it cascaded down the candle holders. The waiter had to constantly take wax off the table.Love this place and will definitely go back again and again!From being walked to our table down into the humongous dining area to hurrying our meal so that my clients could make their flights, Buddakan was an incredible experience I hope to replicate sooner rather than later. We did the tasting menu as we were told it would feed 7 people easily. The waiter also let us know if we needed them to make any accomodations for allergies, vegetarians, etc. -  a rarity in places like this. There was more than enough food to go around - the edamame dumplings are not to be missed. I don't even eat fish, and the sea bass was so good - my clients told me it was the most amazing fish they had ever had. Our Paris client was so impressed - "best dinner I've had in New York thus far". And if you doubt that review - trust me - these people are well-traveled, people!Where do I begin.  Our Server could not be more fabulous - absolutely adorable.  The mood was fantastic - just enough going on in the background without feeling like you were at a concert.  The look was idyllic New York - hip, young, sophisticated enough.  And then there was the food...WOW!!!We were a table of seven and shared a bunch of appetizers before devoring our entrees and closing the night with proper desserts.  My favorites. Don't you dare walk into this restaurant without ordering the Edamame Dumplings.  My absolute favorite of the night. Also, the Tuna Tartar Spring Rolls are meant for ONE...more matter what anyone tells you.  I tore up my Crispy Whole Fish (I asked that they leave the head in the kitchen) and still had some strength to pick at my plate of Hot & Sour Scallops.  This should have been enough, but I had to end the night with the bread pudding.  AWWW!!!Trust me...you will not be disappointed.  Go a little early to avoid the posers that pick at their plates.  Bring friends, family...anyone.  Just go!I love this restaurant! My partner and I went there for my birthday dinner on Christmas Eve. Even though it was pretty late when we got there (around 9:54 pm) the place was still packed and the atmosphere was vibrant. We didn't feel in any way rushed to eat and leave, like in other places that close their kitchen earlier.The cocktails were very good and so was their selection of wines. I highly recommend the Pinot Bianco. You don't usually find it stores or restaurants around the city, so it was a nice surprise. In terms of food, everything was exceptional. We opted for a fish/shell fish feast for the evening and all the dishes were amazing. The biggest surprise were the edamame truffle dumplings we had as starters. We thought 'edamame... eh, how surprising can that be?' but I must say, it was an incredibly delicious bite of food. The dessert was equally delicious and innovative as the rest of dinner. I even got a candle and a happy birthday on my plate, so that made me smile. The staff was very attentive and professional, so I have no complaints in that field.Overall, it was a great experience and we're definitely going to repeat it.Buddakan's great for late night fun. We arrived around 11:30pm and had dinner in the upstairs lounge. Waitstaff was generally attentive. Excellent dim sum, but the chow fun noodles with mushrooms lacked flavor. I'd go back for small plates, but wouldn't make a dinner out of it again. A good place to keep in mind for late night snacking if you're hungry but not quite ready to give up the party vibe by going home.The decor and atmosphere at Buddakan are second to none, unfortunately the food  itself is second to many.The asian "fushion" is no better than a highly americanized version of chinese food a dash above panda express with a significantly higher markup.The lounge/bar of Buddakan remains its most redeeming feature with good energy.After much contemplating, I decided to have my birthday dinner here. And much like me, this place is Americanized Chinese. While the food was really good, the value was lacking. The practical Chinese part of me was disappointed by the value to food ratio. I could just hear my parents scolding me as the dishes arrived, "AI- YA!! Gum Gway! Doa mo yea sigt..." (Translation: AI- YA!! Soooo expensive, there's nothing to eat..." )and then rattling off a bunch of other restaurants where you can get the same dish for a fraction of the price. The American part of me rationalized it and said "You're paying for the ambiance and the "cool/it" factor of this restaurant. The BF and I ordered the Pork Belly Bao and the yellowtail appetizers, the tea smoked sesame beef, Sizzling short ribs, Singapore king crab, asparagus and chinese sausage fried rice for dinner. Everything was really good, and the presentation beautiful. Was it as good as how grandma made it? No, it wasn't but it was still yummy in my tummy. The short rib was very tender and the tea steamed beef tasted like chinese beef jerky (which I happen to be a big fan of). The king crab, was my least favorite dish, although good- it was cold when it arrived at the table. For dessert, the BF and I split the crying chocolate cake which was crazy good.  The fried rice had too much soy and not enough sausage in my opinion. The stars turned out to be the beef dishes. In the end I didn't feel any more cooler or with it after dining here and the BF's wallet was deflated after dropping two hundo (and we didn't even have alcohol) on the meal. Coulda went to Chinatown and had the same meal for $50, but it was my birfday and I wanted a nice meal dang it!Okay, the interior of this place is GORGEOUS.Our waiter was SUPER FRIENDLY and so helpful! Loved it.The food - most of it was pretty amazing, but some were too salty and a bit off... Pork buns, edamame dumplings, lobster fried rice, short ribs - pretty darn GOOOOOD.The lo mein, monkfish = meh.. not that good.The chicken was just okay. Nothing special. Just ok.Their riesling was GREAT though. Too bad I don't remember which riesling it was...over rated Chinese fooddecor is nice but not worth the price u are payingfood is decent at best...soggy and oilywill not come againEnjoyed the Restaraunt very much. The food was delicious and the selection was extensive.  Service was excellent. Servers paid very close attention to special needs diets in our group.  Bathrooms were a little too dark.This is a huge restaurant! Ambiance and decor of this place is amazing. Everything is small portions but good to share.-Rock shrimp: a bit of spiciness did the trick-Pork Belly Buns: my favorite!-Sweet Crispy Jumbo Shrimp-Short rib: tender, soft and comes with noodles-Chili Chicken: really liked the sauce on this, it was a bit of sweetness with hint of sour-Dungeness Crab Sticky Rice: also one of my favorites!Great place for a date or bday dinnersGreat food.  Price should be less.  Tuna tartare was interesting...too eggy though IMO.  Cod entree was delicious...nice and buttery.  Wok noodles were so so.  Cocktails were TOO SMALL! For that price I expected a bigger glass.  Overall great service and atmosphere.  Will definitely come again to try other menu items.Scrambling last minute to find reservations, I called buddakan and lo-and-behold they had a 5pm on a Saturday night for 10 people. With my recent Yelp devotion, I perused the reviews and the pics and perhaps, I set my expectations too high.Upon entering the place, it is extremely grand but left me wondering, how low is their electric bill?! It took us a minute to get used to the darkness but throughout the night I really did wish they hadn't made it so dark and "cave-y" Even the birthday candle on the cake provided more light than the Buddakan light fixtures. When it comes to the food, I guess I expected more. Perhaps, something on par with Spice Market? The appetizers were all pretty good since we ordered quite a few and shared them family style. The entrees however were lacking. We ordered the king crab hot pot and it was quite subpar. The famed lobster fried rice came out cold and perhaps, the lobster didn't find his way to the plate in this dark grandeous behemoth known as Buddakan. As for service, we had to flag down a waiter THREE times to order a drink. Perhaps, it was just too dark for him to find us.I travel a lot and get the pleasure of eating all over the states. I went to Philly years back and Buddakan was one of my favorite dining experiences. When it opened in NY, I was beyond happy. NY location was just as wonderful. I missed the big Buddha of the Philly restaurant though, but ambiance was great. Food was just as outstanding as I remembered.  My food suggestions: My only negative would be the deviled tuna tartar.  Its not bad but it has egg in it that totally takes over the entire tuna taste. If you like egg, go for it. Ok onto the yummy stuff.  Appetizers: Any of the dumplings and the seabass rolls. Entrées: peking duck is incredible & priced accordingly. I also suggest the ginger lobster. It gives you an amazing size portion of the tail and claws so if you're a lobster lover...this is your way to go. Side: lobster fried rice for a side (duh...it had to be done). Veggie: you cant go wrong with a simple asian vegetable stir fry for ur veggie. Dessert: chocolate dessert, which I forget its name, but it had coffee icecream and a molten little cake that was one of the best desserts we both had ever eaten. Service was incredible and we had a great guy who was fun and used to work at the Philly restaurant as well so, he really knew his stuff. They also have wonderful speciality drinks like Longevity that are all named for peace, love and happiness feel. Great place to celebrate special occassions, impress on a first date or for a night on the town.We ate at Buddakan for my wife's birthday, and overall had a great time.  The ambiance is fantastic, although if you are looking for the true experience, you might want to make a reservation for the main dining room.  We sat in an alcove on the floor above the main dining room.  The alcoves are quieter if you don't want an extremely loud atmosphere, but do lack a bit of the sexy vibe of the main dining area.Cocktails:  The tranquility (vodka w/ lemongrass infused oolong tea) is a good choice, it has a great tea flavor and the vodka is not overwhelming.  The Fate (elderflower, pineapple, and prosecco) was probably my favorite - it has a great pineapple flavor with some bubbles to make it interesting.  The Fever (mezcal, lime, jalapeno, and pomegranate)  was good as well - the mezcal is not overwhelming and the jalapeno offers a nice bit of spice.To start, I recommend the Bo Bo Plate.  It comes with a variety of hot and cold appetizers, including tuna spring rolls, sesame shrimp rolls, short ribs, carrot dumplings, and Cantonese spring rolls.  All of the appetizers were very good, and it was fun to mix them with the variety of sauces served on the side.  I particularly recommend the tuna spring rolls and sesame shrimp rolls if you just want to order a couple appetizers.For entrees, we had the Cantonese steamed sole and the Kung Pao monkfish.  The steamed sole had a very aromatic flavor of ginger and scallion.  The kung pao monkfish is a fried fish entree, topped with a chili sauce and peanuts.  The monkfish is spicy, but not overly so.  If you are looking for a very filling dish, the monkfish is a good choice.  We also tried a side of the asian green stir fry, which was very good too.For desert, we tried the crying chocolate, a very rich chocolate ganache with a fantastic coffee flavor ice cream on the side.The service was good, although they do bring the dishes a little too quickly to really have time to let them settle in before the next plate arrives.  I would definitely return again.I have been to Buddakan a few times before, and every time it was pretty amazing.Great to bring a date or friends. The dim lighting and great music creates a sexy ambiance. The downstairs dining area is so dramatic with the huge chandeliers and big staircase. Great for a big group!Food is Asian fusion and meant to be shared. We had the carrot dumplings, scallops, beef ribs, some veggies.... Wow each dish had so much flavor and we kept saying how good everything was.Drinks a very generous and delicious. Try the Fate... Elderflower, Pinneapple juice, Prosecco.We had no room or desert but from watching our table next to us, it looked divine!Wow can we say amazing. One of my husbands friends who lives in New York took us to this place on our first day in New York. I would not have guessed what awaited us, as I almost passed by the front door without even a glance. The doors were huge, but it definitely is not a place you would notice from the street if you were just passing by.Oh wow this place was busy! We literally put in a reservation 5 hours before we could  come in for dinner. It's a bit hard to explain, but it had a relaxing yet hopping atmosphere. The decor is outstanding! The chandeliers are in itself worth it!  If you are looking for an upscale french/asian feel, this place is great. I love the door frames and windows, so much fun!The food is more expensive than what my husband usually spend, but then again, we are more of the "homey whole in the wall burger place" type people. This was something new for us, and I must say a great way to end a night in New York! The waiters we were in contact with were beyond helpful, especially since it was our first time there. I actually believe these were some of the friendliest waiters I've ever had.I have to say, you get what you pay for. I literally cant say one thing negative about the food. Literally perfect on everything, I only wish each plate could have had a little more on it! So darn good! We purchased the fillet, scallops, stir fry, rice, chicken, and gyoza.   It was my first time eating scallops, and I think this place has spoiled me! Too good and I probably won't get anything like it for years to come.Came here with some friends and had a good time - but the waiter tried just about everything he could to ruin it.Food was good, tried about a dozen things and things were solid to good - the portions are tiny though so be warned. 3 to 4 stars here.The problem was the waiter who was short with us and clearly wanted to turn the table over.  I eat out quite a bit... see helluva lot of yelp reviews... and we weren't sitting there or lingering in the least bit.  Maybe the guy was having a bad day, maybe it was another table, maybe it was something we did without realizing it... but its a reflection on the place and gives me second thoughts as to going back.It was fine. I enjoyed the food and atmosphere. 3.5 really. Lighting sucks, I get it... but maybe make it a little bit brighter so I can leave the flash light at home.BBQ ribs side dish is a must do. enjoy guys/gals!I loved this restaurant it was amazing the scenery is so beautiful and the food was great. Service was kind and I felt very welcome can't wait to visit againIf you like upscale places and asian food, this is pretty much as good as it gets.  There wasn't a single thing that we ordered that we didn't want another order of. We tried:- Wild Mushroom Chow Fun- Sizzling Short Rib- Dumplings (can't recall if they were Jade or Pork)And some other dishes I can't recall now. Definitely coming back to try other things on the menu.Fourth time eating here and consistently good. Peking duck salad was amazing, everything else very unique and flavorful. I'm giving 4 stars because on my last visit, the lamb chops were not tender. They were tough and fatty. However, that's one meal out of many over 4 visits to this establishment. The place is beautiful and is quite an immersive experience in addition to a culinary delight. I recommend it!It's a shame there is only 5 stars because the amount of stars I would give this place, I could walk the Hollywood walk if fame.  Its funny how people review here and complain about price or other places being "cheaper".... You are in meat packing manhattan.. Sure I can cop a dollar egg roll with duck sauce or 99c pizza close by... But if you want to be swanky this place is the Hillary... Tried every appetizer on the menu and all were light flavorful and delightful... Would recommend coming here for for yourself instead of going on mine or anyone's review... But if you do decide to come here and spend some of that communion money you have saved up, try the edamame dumplings... If red bull gives you wings these give you clouds, light airy and leaving me in a state of bliss Server was helpful and recommended a sake that had virgins I introduced it to saying they will never forget there first  time And that's all I have to say about that(gump voice)I can't even begin to tell you how awesome this restaurant is. I loved everything about it.I had the Fate cocktail made with pineapple, elderflower and prosecco. It was perfectly sweet and could've had more than the two I had, but needed to save room.Appetizer was the scallion pancakes with short ribs and apple matchstick on top. This was the single most delicious thing I might have ever put in my mouth. The apple kind of comes out of nowhere and lends such a wonderful note to the succulent beef and savory pancake flavors.For dinner, we had the wagyu beef, cauliflower stir cry and the jumbo shrimp in citrus sauce. They sit it all in the middle for the table to share. It was very hard to pace myself to be fair to my date.Dessert was the crying chocolate ganache elegantly plated. Almost too pretty to eat.Decided next trip to NYC we will go back to Buddakan and try something new. We know we will be pleased.The food was incredible.We had a sampler appetizer where everything was delicious, and we also shared both of the entrees we asked for which were also great. But, oddly enough, what I remember the most is the semi-fredo that we had for dessert...incredible!I went here with a few of my friends for my birthday the food was delicious we had almost every thing in the menu and I got to taste each dish and the service was very nice.Excellent service, food, cocktails and ambiance. What more could anyone want? I found the dishes to be great portions and the quality to be excellent. On top of it all, the total bill was very reasonable and affordable.We ordered the edamame dumplings, pork belly buns, lobster fried rice, and the lamb chops. My favorite were the starters because they were absolutely delicious and could be easily shared among 4 people.I would definitely return here again soon and highly recommend it for a special occasion since the service is excellent.My boyfriend took me for valentines day! Loved everything about it! Cosmopolitans were amazing! Actually everything was good! We tried everything that was on the most recommended list (Edamame dumplings tasted like heaven really!) The duck was not worth $45 though! And keep away from their $8 water! Thats a little ridicI never have any complaints I adore this place with a passion. Great date spot if you want to impress someone. Atmosphere is amazing. Love love loveThe bf took me here on a Friday night for my birthday. I had the prosecco (yummy), and he had a cocktail (super yummy). The lamb chops were incredible, and the noodles were very good. The decor is gorgeous, and we had a very cozy and romantic booth. Overall, a superb meal with a great ambiance.Drinks, dinner, chops sticks and all, love it!How can I say it? This place is a bit of a wanky joint (translation: douche place) filled with people that want to be seen in the "it" eatery of the Meatpacking district. The menu is about as Chinese as I am...just because you add some weird tangy sauce on a plate with strips of steak it doesn't make it an Asian fusion. Chicken cutlets with some xo sauce does not, in itself, constitute an Asian fusion. I love America. I love the way you guys do Italian food and Mexican food and a lot of other cuisines...but one cuisine that does not translate well in NYC is Chinese food. The best Chinese food I've ever had is Golden Century in Sydney. If you are ever in Sydney, go there. It's a well known establishment and you may have to wait in line but the pipis in xo sauce and the fried squid are literally to die for. Buddakan...eh well at least I can say I've been there, done that. Will never go again. And btw just because you have a reservation at this place, doesn't mean you will be seated on time. Be prepared to wait with other wanky, pretentious people who think they are so cool because they are at Buddakan.There was time when I thought Buddakan was one of the best restaurants in NYC...This review is based solely one the food, as the waitstaff is very solid. I went last week after not having eaten here in about two years. I was excited to have the lobster fried rice, as it was one the best fried rice variations I have ever had. We ordered the following:Boneless Spare Ribs - I was a little suspect hen I saw that they were soaked in sauce and as soon as I took a bite I realized why - completely dry and overcooked.Calamari Salad - Cold and flavorless. It was literally lettuce and cold, pre-frozen, unseasoned calamari.Szechuan Long Beans - I know they say long, however, these were short and stubby...not to mention over cooked and soggy.Pork Dumplings - Run of the mill pork dumplings. For $18, I would expect more. I paid $6 once for the same amount dumplings from a cart in Burlington, VT (seriously, check out Hongs.) that were much more flavorful and filled with double the pork.Lobster Fried Rice - Ahhh, here it comes I thought, my eyes lit up with excitement, I dug my fork in and took a big bite. Utter failure. You know when you order Chinese when you're drunk and you leave the rice out for a while and it gets cold and hard? Exactly what this was. It tasted like it had been reheated and had no taste of lobster whatsoever.I definitely complained and the manager comped the bill (which she should have), but I left a tip for the waitress, who was good. I was definitely disappointed when I left. I know they are busy and they probably had a 60 person party that night, but that's not an excuse. When you pay premium prices, you should get premium food and on the this night Buddakan was off. I may return someday, but I'd rather just dream about how good the lobster fried rice used to be.My fiancé and I ate here after the musical A Christmas Story. Luckily we were, to have gotten reservations an hour from the time we called.  The setting and the food were superb. The appetizers were excellent The Duck is a must have. Pretty good wine list. The atmosphere is beautiful beautiful.Excellent atmosphere, service and food.  Pricey but worth it!Lovely space. Wait staff exceptionally attentive and friendly.I found many of the dishes too salty, however the simple grilled meats, and whole fish were seasoned well.The drawbacks for me, when I returned Buddakan's call to confirm my reservation, I held for 6 minutes, then it went to an answering machine, I feel that's badly handled. Upon arriving at the restaurant, we basically had to "check in" with chilly aloof young women (at what seems like a hotel desk). They did not tell us to wait in the lounge (we had to ask where are we going), they certainly didn't offer to take our coats.I didn't think the food so spectacular to want to go back, and it seems with the initial gauntlet to get in, they don't really want me either.So I've lived around the neighborhood for almost a decade and Buddakan has been around since 2005 if I'm not mistaken. Finally decided to come here for a graduation dinner with my brother and I'm definitely down with this place. The food lived up to the hype and I literally have nothing bad to say about this place. The decor and the setting was dim and unique. (I can imagine how much they save on their energy bills each month. Lol) The staff was friendly and had some great recommendations/suggestions for the specials.My brother and I tried the Bo Bo Plate, which was a variety of appetizers that came with 3 different dipping sauce. You mix and match and decided which taste best with what.For my entree, I had the Charred Filet of Beef while my brother had the Monkfish. Both were delicious and my steak was cooked to perfection. There was no excess oils, no blood dripping, nothing, the best part was the fact that it was still juicy-- oh and this was a medium rare steak.The Monkfish had a kick to it, with a mild to medium spice, but also sweet and crispy to chew on. Highly recommended if you want something spicy.For the desserts, I recommend both the Crying Chocolate and the Sichuan Peanut Semifreddo. Absolutely mouthwatering just thinking about it as I'm writing this review.I've never been a fan of Asian fusion -- I've always thought that it was overpriced and overrated and not worth it. But Buddhakan, you are absolutely AMAZING.Dishes are served family-style here, and each dish is either a twist on a traditional Chinese dish or served with traditional Chinese seasonings and spices. I also highly recommend that you try out some of their cocktails; Charm and Fate were delicious.Our party of three ordered a plethora of delicious food that left us stuffed and wanting to lick the plates clean:-- Edamame Dumplings-- Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly-- Chili Rock Shrimp-- Kung Pao Monkfish-- Vegetarian Rice-- Dessert: Crying ChocolateI have absolutely no complaints about any of the food. Every last morsel was scrumptious, and the dessert? Oh. my. gosh. You HAVE to have dessert, no matter how full you are. You absolutely will not regret it. If you're a chocolate lover, the Crying Chocolate will send you straight to heaven.On top of that, the service we received was wonderful. Our waiter was extremely attentive, funny, and helpful. He made recommendations for us and never steered us wrong. I had a fantastic experience at Buddhakan and would definitely recommend it to anyone visiting NYC :)Awesome.  Perfect  for a before show dinner.  I'll be back next visitAs good as New York dining gets.Service was impeccable. Maybe some of the best service I've ever experienced dining out in the city.  Our waitress was extremely knowledgable & friendly, went way above & beyond in attentiveness..never had an empty glass, and was always there when we were ready to place an order/ask a question.Food: Amaze. On my yelp profile I say my last meal would be the goat cheese pierogis from Stanton Social (shout out to all the people who know exactlyyyy what deliciousness & melt-in-your-mouth-ness I am talking about!) however. The edamame dumplings from Buddakan may have just tied those pierogis in first place. Think perfectly steamed dumpling with puréed edamame & truffle. Okay never mind. My description won't do it justice. Just know that these are truly some of the best things I've ever had. The Peking duck was also unreal. The rice noodles w/ mushrooms were another excellent pick. (all of our ordered items, by the way, came at the suggestion of the waitress)Drinks: Dont think about it, just order the prosecco w/ pineapple & elderflower cocktail. Just do it. A gallon of this wouldn't be enough!Atmosphere is unbelievably cool & is easily a place where one should think to bring out-of-towners & guests. The place is hugeee but still manages to feel intimate and unpretentious (I'm looking at you, Tao) Bottom line: I was really, really impressed and would recommend it to anyone.  You won't be disappointed.Ever been to P.F. Changs?  This is like the city version- better wine list, better dressed patrons, same so-so food (just add "foam").I'm giving this place 3 stars because I liked the wine.  Otherwise, I would give it 2 stars.Anyone who knows anything about Chinese food will probably not like the food here.Here's what I ate-lobster egg rolls- appeared well-made, skin was crunchy yet soft, but they completely lacked flavor.  mao po tofu-  waiter insisted it was spicy, but I still asked for "double spicy".  It was not spicy.  Not horrible, but not great.  Next time, if I want mao po tofu, I'll hit up my Chinese go-to's.tofu with cashews (something like that)-  not so good.  Bland, uninspired, did nothing for me.vegetable rice with coconut curry foam-  this was our favorite dish.  It had thinly-cut mushrooms, pineapple, cilantro .. lots of flavors, in addition to "foam".  Service was good, architecture and design beautiful, but I can't think of any reason to return here.It was cold outside, and Buddhakan was warm and inviting. I had dinner there yesterday and my friend and I agreed that the "Shrimp Toast" is a must try here. It was incredibly crispy and hot. They cook their food from the sea with so much freshness and yum!! For example, I had the black cod, and it was incredible, not dry at all, and paired with some sort of mushroom tower. I thought the table for 2 was a bit small for a place that serves dim sum and many choices of appetizers. We wanted to try them all!!  The mixed drinks were just ok, I tried their oolong tea vodka and my friend had the mixed prosecco.  The ambiance was breathtaking with chandeliers and modern zen, and the waiter was super.Outstanding. I went for dinner and was seated immediately. I love the ambiance and the food was delicious. The edamame dumplings were delicious as were the Bo Bo Plate, and the Mongolian Lamb Chops. The only part of the meal that I wasn't crazy about was the Lobster Fried Rice- the lobster was way too chewy and our wine wasn't chilled (wine being a very easy fix)If you're in the area and looking for Asian fusion, Buddakan is definitely worth a go. You won't be disappointed.Came here for my boyfriend's 24th birthday. The ambiance was fantastic and the service was phenomenal. The food was very mediocre. I was told not too expect much, and really people, don't expect much. The price is very high for the mediocre quality and taste. Might come back just for nice drinks, but not for food.Ambience is very goodService is goodFood is okayPortion quantity is smallPrice is expensiveIf the food was above average I wouldn't feel bad but for the amount i spent here I could have had 2 great meals at a nice popular restaurant. It was  a good one time experience but not going back again.Really good food although I thought the portions were a bit small. Strong drinks and a great scene. The fact that this place is so huge makes you never want to go back to similar trendy places like Tao where you are constantly knocking into people. Recommend the tuna spring rolls, rock shrimp and ribeye beef entree. Also tons of talent here!This is a neat place. Definitely a good place to take a business party on an expense account. It is a bit pricey but many unique dishes which are pretty good. The atmosphere is also really neat.Mixed feelings about that place but for sure overpriced!! As app we had a tuna tartare that was great, but the edamame dumplings were terrible, tasteless, boring and with identifiable filling.  Lamb with ginger was good. Lobster fried rice ok but a little bit under seasoned. Wagyu was really good, but 40 bucks for 4 tiny pieces with broccoli that seemed frozen was too much. Atmosphere is nice, the restaurant is beautiful but staff is a bit pretentious.The restaurant has a very conspicuous facade and you might miss it if you walk by at night without paying attention. once you walk in it's very hard to see since they love to keep the atmosphere very intimate. you are greeted with a handful of hosts and hostess' lined up behind a long counter that resembles a hotel check in. if you have reservations, which i highly recommend because this place is popular, they would most likely seat you within 1-3 minutes. otherwise they will ask you to wait in the lounge area behind a dark curtain. the lounge area is again very dark but lots of seating and a really nice bar!i advise asking for seating downstairs because the top floor is very boring and you don't get to experience the true appeal of the restaurant (and that's what you're really paying for)The food is mediocre for the price you are coughing up. the portions are small, which requires you to spend at least $100 for a party of 2 if you want to be moderately full. If you pick an appetizer and drinks, you can look at a bill closer to $150-$175. Due to the price the food is alright, otherwise the food is full of flavor and i'd recommend the sticky rice in the crab shell (excellent!) Overall- the food is tasty but over priced, the atmosphere is very romantic but could be very loud if you have a large group next to you. the service is great and the waiters are very attentive and pleasant.It's a good experience to go to this restaurant. Very upscale, trendy, and high-class vibe.. Dress up nicely to go in this area... The service is good. But I'm nt crazy about their food.. I'm a chick that loveeessss to eat and the serving is enough to reach halfway my esophagus. Me and my boyfriend hit up other restaurants to eat more food. Don't come here hungry.Here's another place that I simply "don't get".  It's another great example of a place that is trying to use that "Asian fusion"- moniker on people that don't know any better.  Honestly: the word, "fusion", here, is pure hype.  Indeed, there's a whole lot of  "fusion 'Confusion' " going on at Buddakan.This place serves Chinese food -- plain and simple -- and charges a king's ransom to its' patrons, the majority of which (I'd bet) are visiting New York for the weekend.  Look at the list of reviewers for this place -- most of them are (how can I say this gingerly) from locales considerably more gastronomically-challenged than Manhattan.Buddakan is 2 stars at best.  The food is just OK and the prices are exorbitant.  The place is cavernous, but tries to employ the ridiculous, "its like a club" bs that only works on unassuming visitors.  Among those assembled, the New Yorkers are easy to pick out -- they're the ones that aren't dressed to the 9s.  Those who are gussied-up may be in the "in" crowd...  back home in Dayton.I did check-in, here, last night, though.  I was on the way to the Meat Packing District when a cloud burst hit as I approached Buddakan.  Knowing what a joke this place really is, I walked inside -- in my shorts, Stan Smith sneakers and a bright yellow t-shirt, walking-in like I owned the joint.  I went all the way upstairs simply to hit the bathroom (before something else burst!).  Then, after freshening up, I winded my way throughout the entire restaurant and back outside to continue my walk to The Standard -- and did so just for sport!!  Indeed, it was THE BEST time I've experienced at Buddakan!Great food! The lamp chops and lemon chicken were fantastic! And for dessert the crying chocolate cake was quite delicious! However just don't expect big portions.The food was great. We felt a little underdressed coming to this place after a long day walking through New York, but the people working there were incredibly welcoming. The place is a little hard to find due to the plain exterior but thankfully they offer a courtesy period of 15 minutes post-reservation time in case you're running late.We ordered the Chili Chicken and the Spiced Tofu & Cashews as the entrees and the edamame dumplings as an appetizer. Everything was so tasty that everyone was incredibly full at the end of the meal.The restrooms were dark and it was pretty loud... these were the only downsides.I came here for drinks & appetizers.Everything about this place was great, the food, drinks & ambiance. It has a very classy crowd.A bit pricey if you ask me, well at least for my "budget ballin"...Beautiful restaurant, gorgeous setting, and delicious food - Let's just say that it is rare to find restaurants like Buddakan that live up to the hype.I'll be honest here - because of the Sex and the City movie, I thought that Buddakan was one of those restaurants that was all about glamour and ambiance, but nothing about food.  Boy, was I wrong!  Between the three of us, we ordered a bunch of appetizers and a couple of entrees, and let's say that the majority was surprisingly good.  The edamame dumplings are a must if you go here.  We also had the hoisin glazed pork belly, tuna tartare spring roll, chili rock shrimp and lobster fried rice which were all delicious.So in summary, if you want to take a friend from out of town or a date to impress, and show them a beautiful establishment / ambiance with solid food, take them to Buddakan.This is one of my favorite Chinese restaurant in NYC. The signature edamame dumplings are absolutely amazing. I kept thinking about them when i left...the environment is nice and modern. it is a good place for friends to get together.I went their with a friend for her birthday , the food was tremendous and service was greatRidiculously beautiful and decadent inside.  Greek/roman architecture and artsy.  Its a sexy place.  Stroll around to see and be seen and check out all of the restaurant and bar because you won't see another like it.  The food and drinks were great.  We the nicest waiter I've seen in a while serving us.  Try a ton of different things on their diverse menu and share among friends.   The prices were lofty, but if you want a great NYC experience, check this place out.  Don't miss their desserts.  Take up their staff recommendations and enjoy this fantastic experience.Buddakan is one of those New York institutions that everyone wants to frequent at least once, if only for the chance to be able to casually throw it out in conversation "oh yeah Buddakan, of course I've been there!' with a practiced air of nonchalance, when one wants to show some sophistication and "in-the-know" flair. Its claim to fame is the fact that the engagement party of Carrie and Mr.Big was filmed here (if you are asking me who they are, I'd label you a caveman). The decor is unsurprisingly impressive with the massive long table in the center room and the beautiful chandeliers. There are tables in the outer chambers too but you really don't get the experience you are paying for. Let's face it, the food is beautifully presented like everything else in this place, but the taste is mediocre at best and completely overpriced. Add I the absolutely TERRIBLE service - our waitress was not only slow, she kept trying to make us order more food even though we ordered plenty, and kept pressing one of the girls to order a cocktail even after she made unclear she wouldnt be drinking. A winner for most tourists for sure. And one final tip - if your have friends visiting from out of town and they are staying in a decent hotel, get their hotel to call and make a reservation on your behalf, you are more likely to be seated in the main room to appreciate the decor and ambience that way!EXCELLENT FOOD, AMAZING AMBIANCE.....PRICEY PRICES :)You end up paying for the food + ambiance at Buddakhan.  While the portions are neither generous nor miniscule, every savory bite is worth it.  Recommendations:  Tea smoked sesame beef, Glazed Alaskan black Cod, Whole Peking Duck,General Tso's dumplings, Wok tossed noodles with PrawnsBon Apetite!The ultimate dining experience.I met with my mom and her friends at this restaurant last night and chose the Tasting Menu I, which included several appetizers, about 4 main dishes and three different desserts. It was a fab selection of amazing food! The tasting menus allow you sample an array of Buddkan's Asian-Fusion menu and share "family-style" with the rest of your table. The best part is that you may ask for seconds of any dish for no extra charge! We fell in love with the edamame dumplings and quickly requested a second serving. My favorite dishes were the dumplings, calamari salad, blackened cod and short rib. So many flavors!The service was amazing! Our server took excellent care of us and he maintained the perfect balance of being attentive while not interrupting our flow of wine-enhanced conversation. The dim lighting and tall, drippy candles set a very intimate, trendy atmosphere. This is an fab spot to dine with old friends or enjoy bottles of wine in celebration of someone's birthday.It's not too loud and tables are spaced generously so groups can enjoy their meals in private nooks.I left happy and I cannot wait to return.Buddakan will never cease to amaze me. The food and staff are superior. I can't wait until my next taste of heaven!This place Is the real deal for asian fusion. The staff pay high attention to detail, and are extremely professional. Also, great interior not to mention Sex in the City! hahaI usually get the: Tuna tartar, rock chili shrimp, lobster fried rice, noodles(not sure which one), EDAMAME DUMPLINGS!!! And for desert I get some kind of banana pudding cake and the crying chocolate. The two deserts were fabulous!I ate this meal with 3 people and it was great. Def coming back.If I am on death row and get one final meal...this is where I go. Enough said.SO good..truffled edamame dumplings.. amazing.. I don't even know how they make it but i need to come here more!noodle dishes are very typical.. still good but nothing to shout about..pork bao... omg... wtf sooo good (almost as good as ippudos)lamb chops were made to perfection Since everything here is family style.. your server is willing to divy up the portions so that everyone gets a taste. Definitley way better than any pf changs or asian fusion restaurant. Great for dates and great for big groups... aka good for anytime!By far my favorite restaurant in the city.  The food is absolutely divine.  The crowd is nothing but eye candy.  The fashion is ridiculous.  The ambiance is Westside trendy meets old world glam!  The cocktails should be illegal. The service impeccable.  The place to see and be seen.  Go. Just go.Last night I stepped out of my comfort zone and sat in this bar by myself and decided to order a cocktail and some nibblies. I don't really go out alone all that often, but seeing as how the hotel room was turning into one big fat f*#k of a bore, I decided to get out and try somewhere cool as I waited for my friend to finish up her dinner plans.The place I chose was Buddakan and it is gorgeous. I mean really gorgeous. It's dark, it's intimate, it's romantic and it's the kind of joint that even if you are there with yourself, you are probably going to get lucky with yourself later. Know what I'm sayin? ;)So I ordered my usual Belvedere and soda and grabbed a table and perused the menu. I saw a lot of the spiffied up versions of Asian fusion cuisine; the dim sum, the spring rolls, etc. and then I spotted something I have feared for a very long time. Frog Legs.I am not much of a frog person and while I've kissed many and have yet to find my prince, the idea of eating part of one is something I have feared for decades and so I decided to give into the fear and move onto to trying something safe, but dammit if my eyes didn't keep going back to the frog legs. Now I don't know if it was the Food Network weird foods special I watched on the plane or the fact that I was all alone and figured, "What the hell?" but as soon as the waiter came over I said, "Frog Legs please and the beef tartare"What?I couldn't believe what came out of my mouth and with such confidence at that. Who the hell was I on a date with. Clearly the self I know and love never would have ordered that on our date, but the order was in, so I figured I outta start prepping myself for the pending dish.To do this i started texting people. I mean, what else are you gonna do, right? I think I sent this message out to about 12 friends as i sat there downing my drink. "Oh my god, I just ordered frog legs and I am scuuuurrred" Soon people started texting me back things like "Ewwwhhhh" "Girl, you crazy" "Come home!!" "Tastes like...yardbird?" and then I looked up to see the waiter holding my dish. Oh god.So there it sat, staring at me and honestly it wasn't as scuuuurry looking as I had imagined in my warped paranoid brain. The little pieces of leg were mixed in with cabbage and golden chives in a creamy garlicky sauce and compared to the plate of raw meat with tapioca balls next to it, I figured I should just jump in.And so I did. I picked one of the things up with my chopsticks and in my mouth it went. As I chewed I thought, "Steph, you realize you are eating a frog right now. A ribbit. A little guy that used to make noises outside of your bedroom window as a kid. You were chomping down on one of those cute little tadpoles you used to love so much, but damn it, this is actually really tasty."I then found myself grabbing every little piece and enjoying them fully.  I then switched to the beef tartare and after a few nibbles of that I had had enough. It was way too spicy anyway. I then got the text from my friend I was waiting for and wrapped up the check and made my way out to join her.I ate a frog ladies and gentlemen. Wow, who woulda thunk it.When it comes to food, I like to think of myself as a Renaissance man. From Burger King to Buddakan, I like it all. My bank balance generally keeps me toward the middle of that scale, but who doesn't love to splurge for a special occasion? That's what brought me to Buddakan, and I was not disappointed.First off, the place is gargantuan. It felt like my date and I walked an entire city block between the coat check and our table, but it gave me ample time to scour the plates on the other diners' tables to see what looked good. My date -- who does not eat like a bird, thankfully -- and I decided to start with the scallion pancakes, which are topped with the most succulent shredded beef short rib meat I've ever consumed. We also had the Szechuan pork dumplings, which are served in a spicy chili-soy broth. YUM!Next came the broken chili chicken, which also carried a bit of a kick -- just enough to add some flavor and some spice, but not to the point of pain. What made it really memorable was the crispiness of the fried part on the outside combined with the juiciness of the meat and the spicy sauce. We also had the lobster fried rice, which was tasty probably the weakest dish that we had. Dessert totally made up for it, though.The chocolate peanut butter bombe was amazing, with peanut butter ice cream the perfect complement to the chocolate. Think Reese's Peanut Butter Cups on steroids.I have no complaints on the service. Our waitress was attentive without being overbearing, we were seated promptly (be sure to make a reservation early, if possible), and our glasses were never empty.I had one of the best meals I've had in New York at Buddakan and I'll definitely be back at some point.I hope it will be with the same hot date, who also gets a 5-star rating. :)Good ambiance but for $200 I've had way better experiences at other awesome NYC restaurants. The food and drinks werent that memorable and we left hungry and sober.I wanted so much not to like this place. It's trendy, on the edge of the meatpacking, and as everyone has commented, in the rehearsal dinner scene of Sex and the City movie. I knew the atmosphere would be wonderful, but I wanted to be able to sit here and type this review saying "Sure the atmosphere is great, but the rest is overrated." Unfortunately when I break it down into atmosphere, service, food, and drinks, everything was a complete knockout and I can't help but give it 5 stars.This is swanky. It's NYC chic at its finest. If you want to dress up in your hot little outfit, and stare at people who are in equally hot little outfits, this is your place. The only thing that could've been better is if a couple of men in perfectly tailored suits came over and talked to us. And by talked to us, I mean if they bought us drinks. The drink menu was clearly tailored to my tastes. A cocktail with gin, elderflower, and prosecco? YES PLEASE! It's like they were prepared for my arrival. People have commented that the drinks are pricey, but honestly, $12 for a specialty cocktail is not absurd - it's the same price if not more anywhere in SF, and in NYC you should be prepared to spend $10 on a cocktail. Okay, I was so ready to knock the food, but honestly it was surprisingly delicious. The flavor of the edamame dumplings was subtle, light, and simply amazing. I was highly impressed. And the hoisin-glazed pork belly was...well everything pork belly should be...like ambrosia.Finally, the service was just great...we were joking with the waitress as soon as she came over, and she never left us waiting too long for our drinks. What more could I ask for?Don't let all the hype psych you out. This place has all the elements for a fabulous NYC dining experience.like ne-yo says "Grab somebody sexy tell em Hey!"  (then take them to Buddakan..)Seriously, this place is sexy. Dim lighting, neat buddha decorations, huge awesome chandeliers. When you walk in here, you immediately feel special and chic. Some of the interior was actually a bit overly dark but luckily I was seated in a slightly more lit part.FOOD: I'd say overall it was somewhat hit or miss. I realized I could have came away with widely varying assessments of this place depending on what I ordered (do your yelp research beforehand!).What I loved:Calamari Salad: If all my salads came with calamari I'd definitely have a lot more salads in my diet. I loved this dish! The calamari was cooked perfectly, it was soft and not chewy, yet cooked long enough that the batter was crispy. I think i had some of the best pieces of calamari ive had anywhere in this salad. The size of the salad was really large as well. I loved the addition of fruit and the dressing in the salad. Delightfully light and tasty. Good to be shared by two.Pretty good:Shacha chicken: The chicken was very moist and had a great sauce that came with it. I loved the really crispy skin on it. Definitely a good choice and one of the more reasonably priced entrees.Lobster fried rice: This was pretty good with nice chunks of lobster in it. Not the most amazing fried rice but a solid choice.MEH/Not so hotKung Pao Monk Fish: Now when eating this I was thinking... I should have know better.  It just wasnt that amazing. The batter was nice and crispy but overall it wasnt that tasty and was on the salty side. Maybe its that the flavor was not all that different from your dime a dozen takeout serving kung pao flavor??  Had I not ordered the shacha chicken I'd probably have been pretty upset/underwhelmed with the dinner entrees.Cooked twice long bean: I should known better when ordering this as well. I assumed it would be really nice and crispy on the outside since it was cooked twice but still somewhat juicy on the inside. What I got was beans that were pretty hard and as much as I hate wasting food, couldnt bring myself to finish eating them.Overall this is a good spot to come to but I'd say it would be wise to read reviews on what to get/not get. This will help you come away underwhelmed.I think I have visited B three or more times now; and something that I would say is that it is consistent.  Service still the same from the time I visited a few year back; not so great... however, food is the only thing that makes me coming back.   It is a refine sort of Chinese, Asian fusion and every dishes are nicely presented.   On my last visit was with my partner and his brother celebration his birthday which I thought it is a great venue for that type of celebration. sharing plates, big oversize corner table and lots of sugary cocktails.  Overall we had a nice experience.  Again food was the highlight, server missing most of the time and the dining room full with pretentious customers and some from over the East River. aka New Jersey'sFood, drinks... whatever your heart desires.  Plenty of beautiful men and women having happies at the bar.  Will definitely hit this spot again.  Had tons of fun with the girls here!! For some reason we never really end up having an entire meal here.  Perhaps there is just too much to look at at the bar....  Date Rating: 7Pick up Scale: 9Strong Suggestions: strong drinks -- not too sure about their "froofie drinks" but the apps were great. Go for the atmosphere with some friends and enjoy the crowd!Dear Buddakan,Please start selling your Whiskey Ice Cream in stores...{Ambiance} Modern and Classy. The seating upstairs is nice, but the main dinning hall downstairs is breathtaking. Once you enter the restaurant, check in at the host/hostess stand. You can take a seat at the lounge (order a drink or two). Someone approaches you shortly to take you to your table. If you're in a party of 5 or more, ask them if you can sit downstairs. I saw a few people do this while I was eating. {Service} On point. Our server greeted us with a bright smile. He asked us if this was our first time here and offered suggestions throughout the meal. Our water cups were always full. Once we were done with the appetizers, new silverware and plates were brought out for the main courses. He also asked us if we were doing ok twice during our meal. {Food} Edamame Dumplings: My Yelp family was completely right about this appetizer. It was delectable. The wonton wrap was thin and light. The edamame filling was silky and savory (almost as if it was pureed with cream and butter). The dumplings laid on top of a beautiful shallot- sauternes broth. Scallion Pancakes: These are not the same scallion pancakes as Vanessa's Dumpling House or Prosperity Dumpling (Though, I like their scallion pancakes just as much). There are pieces of shredded braised beef short rib on top of the thin pancakes. Each pancake is also topped off with green apple. If you taste the green apple on its own, it is obviously tart. However, when you take a bite of the pancake, short rib, and apple all together, the tartness from the apple disappears. It's a beautiful thing. General Tso's Dumplings: No, there is not a piece of fried general tso's chicken in this dumpling. Haha...I only say this because that is what WE thought we were getting. Silly us. The wonton wrap was steamed perfectly once again. The chicken inside (NOT battered and deep fried) was tender, sweet and savory.Glazed Alaskan Black Cod: The Cod was delicate, slightly sweet, and savory. It comes with a side of diced chili eggplant and a refreshing mix of diced cucumbers and radish. Mongolian Lamb Chops: Perfectly cooked pieces of succulent lamb hugged by a lovely ginger crust. A must try for all lamb lovers. Almond Bread Pudding: I think I'm getting drunk off this whiskey ice cream? I could eat a tub of that any day. A great dessert for all bread pudding lovers. Crying Chocolate: Buddakan's version of a Molten Chocolate Cake. Peanut Butter Bar: A Butterfinger and a Reese's Peanut Butter Cup just gave birth to a Peanut Butter Bar. {Price Range} Appetizers $11-$28, Entrees $22-$44No matter how many times I go to Buddakan, I'm always seated in a different section of the restaurant. Aw, fun! What's nice is that there are big tables, there are small tables, some brightly and some dimly lit sections. So really there's a lot of variety in ambience within the restaurant. My big crib is that my table is never ready on time, and they always eagerly usher me to the lounge area to get drinks. And, I am usually approached by different members of the staff, each about 5 minutes apart."HI! What's the last name on your reservation?""I.""I., Sorry. we're not ready for you yet.. looking for the Bryants".By the 4th time that happens, one is understandably ready to admit, " Okay I'll be the Smiths! the Bryants! the Vongruamlarps! the Venakataramanis! Just feed me already."Once seated, it's mostly good stuff. Contrary to expectations, there are at least 10 dishes from the menu which can be made fully vegetarian, and the friendly waitstaff always thoughtfully points out things like animal stock, gelatin etc that are not obvious from the menu.I do think that the unassumingly named edamame dumplings are the star of the show - was that truffle I tasted? Oh it was so delicious. Last night, I ate 5 of them, some of which rightfully belonged to my dining companions. Gulp... I'm sorry. The rest of the veggie dishes are a mixed bag - the spicy tofu with cashews is quite yummy though.Unfortunately most of the cocktails are rather cloying, but the mezcal/pineapple/jalapeno concoction stands out in its smoky character as one of the notable ones. Of course what would I be without ending a meal (or a review) without dessert. The crying chocolate dessert in all its gooey molten (albeit tiny) glory is excellent, although I did find blobs of molten butter inside the dessert, which I am not sure is a good sign. The jasmine honey cheesecake is pillowy and flavourful, but the souffle cake is not quite souffle at all other than being tall, and the banana fritters are predictable. In a nutshell, a great venue choice to bring large (or extra large) groups, or an out-of-town friend to impress them. "Look! isn't this the coolest, biggest restaurant you've ever seen?"Simply overrated.  The ambiance is really nice and cool, but I have to say that most of the dishes are just mediocre overpriced Asian fare.  In addition when you are paying $25-30/dish the service could be a lot better.I recommend this place if 1) are from out of town or 2) taking someone from out of town out and want a trendy restaurant.  In general I find that most places in the MPD just don't live up to the hype and I have added this one to that list.I absolutely love the slick and clubby chinoiserie decor!!! Beautiful!!! Very over the top, the atmosphere is 5 star worthy!! I'm a sucker for big chandeliers so I immediately fell in love with the enormous open space  dining room. This place is worth the visit just for the ambiance alone!! It's so uber shi-shi and frou frou, love it!!As for the food, I was ready to hate it because usually this type of place serves overpriced mediocre watered down Asian food for anorexic MPD crowd, but I was surprised that they actually make decent food. Yes it's still overpriced and I still prefer my cheap no-frills eateries in Chinatown, but it wasn't as bad as I expected. I enjoyed  their edamame dumplings, I thought it was a nice unconventional fusion dish. Boneless Spare Ribs were prepared in a more traditional style and tasted pretty close to what you can get  in Chinatown, which was a pleasant surprise. The service was good, the waiter was extremely attentive, almost too much. The food overall was OK, but not impressive enough to make me fall in love either. Would have been nicer if someone else paid for my bill.First & foremost, the food:-chili rock shrimp- spicy & flavorful (i'm sad i don't have a plate in bed with me right now.)- beef bao buns- Buddakan used chunks of steak rather than ground meat (i do not like ground meat) so that was it's saving grace.- edamame dumplings- i am disappointed to say I tried this because of the rave reviews it got on here, but the texture of the edamame reminded me of baby food; some people call it smooth & silky, i call it pureed to death & odd. Horrible.- jade shrimp dumplings- great crunch from the water chestnuts & pea shoots. - scallion pancakes with braised beef short ribs & apple slices- this one sounded good, but was extremely heavy. I don't recommend this appetizer.- tea: rafia & jasmineTotal: $75 (not including tip)Ambiance: overly dark, could be romantic if I was with the bf. It took a minute or two for my eyes to adjust in the dark & once I could focus, I saw a super trendy waiting area with even trendier people drinking from beautiful glasses. The space is extremely tall & fits right in in the meat packing district. The building is concrete & loud with top 40 hits, but the lack of lighting & Asian inspired decor brings warmth to a place that could easily be classified as cold, at first glance. Service: very attentive.Why I won't be returning: of the five items we chose: only two made my taste buds happy, two were disgusting in one way or another & one was a take it or leave it kind of dish. I don't like those ratios."What kind of food DON'T you like?" asks my friend. "Asian Fusion," comes my quick reply. It's true:  I'm extremely, extremely wary of Asian Fusion cuisine. More often than not, it screams gimmick and is more a sign of chef's whimsy than artistic rendition of a cultural dish. Buddakan is a love-hate, hit-or-miss, take-it-or-leave-it kind of place. The main dining hall with grand ceilings and dripping wax candles certainly has its wow factor, but I wouldn't want to share that long banquet table that could fit a small army of diners. I've never felt so modest to have a dress go all the way mid-thigh. The food. There are only two reasons why I go back to Buddakan repeatedly: 1) Edamame dumplings. They could be on my plate every day of the year and I would still crave more of them. The most boring sounding dish is brilliant upon first bite. Believe the hype. 2) Desserts. Peanut Butter Bombe is incredibly light and refined, and might be the most delicate version of these heavy flavors I've tasted to date. The signature Crying Chocolate is for true chocolate lovers, better shared between 2-4 friends if only to eat more of the other desserts. Granted, my friend used to be a pastry chef here and I first came to pay my respects, but I've gone back for the PB bombe and the Edamame dumplings.  Not quite a solid bet for everything, but as a pre- or post-dinner (note my next review for Morimoto) supplement, I could eat my words about Asian Fusion for some more of those dumplings.It's just overpriced Asian-fusion in the has-been Meatpacking. Why was I there? Oh, come on. You know it wasn't my idea and you certainly know I wasn't footing the bill. The four of us sat down in the lush and cavernous interior to be greeted by a huge ass bird candle centerpiece. It was so big I couldn't see my friend, or the waitress who came over to chat with us. Pushy and rather annoying, she used a pedantic voice when explaining the "family style" approach at Buddakan and suggested at least four entrees and four appetizers to share. Normally I would have rolled my eyes at so much food, but because I wasn't paying, I enthusiastically concurred. I also insisted on ordering drinks. I went for the "Fate", which I felt like a moron ordering. However, the elderberry-pineapple-prosecco combo proved to be a delicious one. Throw elderberry in anything and I am a happy camper. My friend's play on a gin and tonic also won me over, but it was not so memorable that I can remember what it was called, or even what the "play" was. On with the apps! The duck and foie spring rolls were an interesting way to serve up such fatty and succulent delicacies; which is to say I can't believe anyone outside of wd~50 would fry foie. Passable at best. The pork belly, served dimdum style, was a bit stringy for my liking, and just not as rich as I prefer. You know, that fat should be so moist, but it was on the gummy side and tough to chew. The chili beef tartar was delish, but it's hard to ruin a tartar if you've got quality goods. And finally, we all loved the frog legs, wok sauteed and covered in a ginger sauce.By the time the appetizer plates were cleared away, we were all starting to feel it. Now it was time for four entrees? Oh god. First thing's first: Get rid of that fucking bird candle centerpiece -- which a waiter did, patronizingly asking me, "Do you want to bird to fly away? Say the word, say the word, this bird will fly away." Yes. Get rid of that fucking bird, asshole. Okay. Entree times. We tried to mix and match, but definitely went meat heavy, starting off with the short rib we had heard good things about. Thumbs up, but nothing too special. Next out was another meaty delight, this time the veal cheeks, prepared over lo-mein noodles with pickled apples. This entire dish was fantastic, and for the record, I had never had veal before. Unfortunately, I'll now be ordering veal cheeks. Oh, don't hate on me, I'm sure I won't be able to afford it anytime soon. We followed the heavy meat dishes with rice with Chinese sausage, which was a pretty food fried rice, but at the end of the day, just fried rice. Hard to ruin. The pièce de résistance of dinner was the Three Crab Delight which blew our minds. The most delicate and sweet pieces of crab were served over more crab on top of crab. I can't explain to you how wonderful it was: I tried to hawk most of it but was soon overthrown by the other half of the table. So by this point we were ready for a trip to the vomitorium, but no, we went for dessert, which were all actually phenomenal. The highlights were  my blueberry tart served with mouthwatering corn (yes, corn) ice cream. Also a big winner were hot, fresh donuts with ginger ice cream. Clearly I am a sucker for kooky ice creams. The chocolate thing was also good, but I am over chocolate, and the other dessert was some thick white something covered in meringue. Eh, I can take or leave meringue. All in all, the food was pretty good. You know, give me a yummy cocktail and throw down some gourmet offerings like foie and crab and pork belly and I'll be smiling no matter what. But! I have had much, much better without all the pretense, without the attitude, and without the lame bridge and tunnel crowd. Sorry, Buddakan. Meatpacking is offish over.Do you have friends or family in from out of town? This is a fun place to take them, but if you're doing NYC girls night or out on a date - head elsewhere. It's got the tourist factor for sure... but not as awful as the "oh my god I'm walking through Times Square right now, somebody shoot me!" Vibe is fun but a bit over the top swank/ flash - ie: everything that will impress those non-new york relatives. Food is OK but nothing to write home about. Portions are large so easy to share with the crew. Hopefully someone else is footing the bill because it's def overpriced for what you get.If you're a fan of the meat packing district then you will like this place from an atmosphere standpoint. It's very trendy and upbeat and sets the mood for the dining experience.I had the general tso's dumplings for appetizers which were absolutely delicious. They were juicy to the point where juice where juice squirted out as I bit into it. I also have the chili pepper chicken for the entree. This too was delicious and had just the right amount of spice. I highly recommended both dishes, but mainly the general tso's dumplings.After the meal we spent some time at the bar (which has a great rum selection) and knocked back a few cocktails. Definitely a fan of this place and have been to the one in AC as well.let me start off by saying this was a very special evening for me and buddakan did an OUTSTANDING job for me . I went on a sunday evening which was birthday and one of the most imporant days in my life. I surprised my girlfriend by proposing to her on my birthday i thought it was the perfect time no woman would expect there boyfriend to ask there hand in marriage but what a perfect gift for any man. Michael the  Maitre-d understood how important this day was and in my opinion gave me the best seat in the house in the corner looking at the spectacular view of the banquet hall kudos to michael. Our waitress Erin O. was very knowledgeable and polite she even recommended the vegetable rice with a coconut foam It was absolutely delicious. Our appetizers were the edamame dumplings with is extremely creamy on the inside and bursting with wonderful flavors and im not even a fan of edamame and i loved them my lady loved them as well. The second appetizer was the hoisin glazed pork belly mmmmmmmmm!! there was a party in my mouth the fatty but charred pork belly was cooked perfectly layed in the steamed buns with the spicy shallots my god im going back just for this alone its that good. For our entrees i wanted to try the peking duck and it was my first time and it wont be my last amazing my lady had the beef with some type of pasta i forgot but delicious as well. what i loved was that every dish had its own personality too it and the flavors were not recycled over and over. our drinks we had was SAKE I LOVE SAKE . The ambience is like nothing I have ever seen the restaurant is pretty huge we were in hogswort as i like to call it the main banquet but there are 3 other different settings as well. Joel the manager did an excellent job bringing the ring out on the crying chocolate dessert my girlfriend had know clue what was going on i stood her up and got  on one knee and proposed she was in shock and said YES woohoo WE WERE GIVEN CHAMPAGNE AND DESSERT WAS TAKEN CARE OF BY BUDDAKAN again I love this place and highly highly recommend it perfect 10 on everything again thank you to Michael Erin o AND JOEL AND ALL THE STAFF FOR MAKING THIS DAY UNFORGETTABLE.Quite the experience, at least in terms of decor.  I came here for a drink with a group of drunken Australian opera singers (how often does that happen) when the lines at Hiro were too ridiculous to even deal with.  Unfortunately the kitchen was already closed (all of us were hankering for a snack), but we stayed for a drink anyway.  I had The Heat, which was a lovely, spicy mixture of tequila, Cointreau, and mulled, cucumbers and chili peppers.  Has a kick, to say the least, but definitely worth it.But really the decor is what stands out here.  It's like you took a French-Victorian estate and decorated it a la Chinoise with a touch of Andy Worhol.  An enormous sunken dining room, bird sculpture centerpieces, and pop-art Buddha paintings.  Unlike anything I've ever seen.  I'll save the 5th star for when I come back to try the food, so expect an update.In ranking of amazingness (because we still need to rank food amongst the amazing food)1. Appetizers ala dim sum  2. Dessert 3. EntreeI am Asian through and through and I must say that the Edamame Dumplings are superb. True to all the other reviews on yelp, it is definitely possible to die and go to heaven after savoring several pieces of the dumplings (5 pieces for $12).Then there was the Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly in pancake style and if you are a fan of Ippudo's or Momofoku's Buns - this is definitely an order for you! Trust me when I say it was good. Even my Irish freind that hates pork snatched for the last 2 pieces! (also 5 pieces for $12)You will also see from my photos that I had the order of  Broken Chilli Chicken ($22) and Black Pepper Beef ($26). To both these dishes, the sauce was delicious and unique with it's own taste. Then came dessert. Between the bread pudding, doughnuts and crying chocolate which we had, bread pudding hands down is triumphs it all! Cocktails were great and our waitress was prompt to make sure we had a never ending supply of great drinks! Overall, great service, once again great ambience and certainly a wonderful dinner spot for parties of 2 to parties of 10. Our neighboring group were women from the Housewives of New York City Club and everyone looked like they were having an enjoyable time. I, to say the least enjoyed my company and dinner outing here!After a mini Argument with my Boyfriend, He decided to take me to this place to impress me.On a Tuesday night (8:00 PM), we came in to this tall pull in heavy glass door and went to this small long and dark hall and tall ceilings which I was really impressed.First when I came in there was this Hall with a Check - In table and 4 hostess (felt like I was going to a fancy Hotel).  A  nice Sexy Hostess greet us and ask if we had reservation.  Unfortunately My boyfriiend didn't make one since it was a last minute plan but there was empty tables by the bar and we can walk in and a waitress will serve us right away.Walked into steps, see a bar and 2 HUGE Tables in the middle with Long flat chair and small tables around  by the Dark walls surrounded with Chinese arts (Buddha, Flowers, Wooded window with asian icons carved) and Mirrors.  We found one in the corner and sat, minutes later a waitress walked towards our table and ask if we were here for just drink or dinner and we said "BOTH".  She handed us the menus and gave us a few minutes to decide what to order.I wasn't sure what to order but since my Boyfriend came here with his friends before, he recommended some dishes. So we ordered a Lobster Fried Rice, a order of Whole crispy fish, and a Charred Asparagus. Skipped appetizers since The waitress told us that the Fish was pretty BIG for 2 people (and also not worth to pay Dim Sum here if you know what I mean)Had a good 30 minute conversation with my Boyfriend and 2 glasses of Prosseco. During that time I was also Observing the people around us (specially there was 2 model looking ladies sitting next to our table, and minutes later 2 gentleman walks in and start introducing themselves to the ladies and we couldn't stop listening how this guys were aggressive to them).The Food came in and of course I was impressed with the Fish (Golden and Crispy) Standing up in a U Shaped (Head and tails was up) , very well adorned with vegetables and sauce around the dish.  Asparragus was looking  good and well done. and Lobster fried rice was looking like a pot of GOLD.Everything Was Phenomenal,Fish was nearly boneless.  Aparagus was very tender and buttery, Chunks of Lobster and golden rice that was made to perfection. We ended up finishing everything and maybe left just a little bit of rice. At the end, we skipped the Dessert and called it a night (10:15 PM).  My boyfriend didn't want to leave because he was so curious listening to the table next to us but knew I wasn't interested at all.  Definitely 5 Star for Ambience but 4 star for Food. So I should give this place a 4.5 Stars.and a 10 for my BF. Had a great romantic time and that made me happy!.  Ended up with over $100.00 bill for 2 people.  Will definitely come back with reservations and check out the Downstairs Decor.The ambiance is fabulous here.  Beautiful Place, however I would recommend making a reservation for the main dining room so that you can fully experience.In addition to the amazing atmosphere, the food, drinks and of course the dessert was amazing!!!Prefect place for a date, perfect for a celebration, perfect for a time with friends......and yes you do need reservations.You'll be in awe to how massive this place really is and you'll be humbled to how professional and courteous the staff is.The meal portions are as bit small I must admit and it isn't the cheapest place in the city either but you will not be disappointed by the taste, which more than makes up sure ANY issues you have with the place.This place is a piece of shit. Their hostesses are disgustingly rude and amateurish. I hate places where they think that they are too hip to have the right type of hospitality. Not a problem, Spice Market is right down the road and is WAY better.Man, writing this review pisses me off, and I haven't even started writing this review.I really should go with my protocol and list everything out, but what's the point when I could easily summarize this restaurant in a few statements.  This place is an overpriced Asian fast foot placed disguised as a trendy Asian fusion restaurant.  I could line a few of my favorite mom & pop spots in San Gabriel Valley, Little Saigon, and Thai spots in Hollywood, slap their food on some pretty dishes and give Buddakan a run for their money.  With that said...it's a democratic place to take your friends if you are in the mood for an uppity atmosphere and sort of a safe bet for the entire party.  I'm all about a good dining experience and paying for it, but I couldn't justify it here.What annoys me more than anything was that...having been to many tapas restaurants and numerous family style restaurants, we knew that what we wanted to order was enough.  And, in the worst case scenario, we'd set the menu aside and order more.  Nope, the waitress downright told us we need to order more without us even soliciting the advice, stating "it just isn't enough".  Well, 8 dishes later for 4 people...woman, this is enough...to feed a little village!  By the 4th dish, we practically were ready to tap out, and by the 6th...needed to be wheel barreled out of there.  If you insist on going here for a nice dinner celebration, I do encourage it, just don't let the greedy waitresses talk you into ordering more food than what you need.Hot DAMN this place is HUGE!  As soon as I saw the army of 10 hostesses at the front, I knew this was going to be a serious operation.  This restaurant must hold 1,500 people.  It took them a while to seat us, because the place was chaotic packed, and it was a Friday night.  So, we had a drink or two in the club-like bar area and anticipated our seating.  Finally, when they did seat us they were very apologetic and seated us at a great table in the main dining room, adorned with massive wooden chandeliers and 50ft high cielings.  They also sent out two appetizers on the house...nice touch.  One of them included these amazing edamame dumplings.  Mashed edamame with truffle oil, butter and cream all inside a steamed dumpling shell.  SO GOOD!  I am really glad they sent those out because we wouldnt have gotten to try them otherwise.The other dishes we ordered were good, and the dinner went well.  But, I have to say that the main reason you should come here is for the ambiance and the scene.  It is really an amazing space- it used to be a coca cola factory.  Plus, its hopping on a weekend night.  Come here for pre-dinner drinks in the lounge or for a full fledged dinner.  But, if you choose the latter, be prepared to wait!  It's worth it.Went here when first open good atmosphere large comfortable space has pretty inresting areas throughout the restaurant liked the lounge area with large tables food was good and interesting fusions going onBuddakan is such a great restaurant to take out-of-towners for that only-in-NYC experience. Gargantuan space, jaw-dropping WOW factor interior design, and a trendy, hip crowd to boot.We got to the restaurant 15 minutes earlier than our 7 PM reservation and were seated with our four Belvedere Dirties in our hands. I had hoped we would be seated in the main dining hall with the giant chandeliers, but we were guided to the back "Imperial Moon" styled room. My friends actually preferred the intimacy of this room so it all worked out.Service was personable and outstanding: The hostess found us in the thick of the bar/lounge crowd to guide us to our table; the waiters were always there when you needed them and fully knowledgeable of the menu; the manager even gave us a guided tour of all the rooms and handed us his business card for future VIP treatment. All this during the height of a capacity dinner crowd. We were very impressed and couldn't ask for much more.Every dish recommended by the waiter was delicious and beautifully presented. Highlights included the Edamame dumplings which were velvetly smooth (and why did I think they would be whole pods?), Dungeness Crab Sticky Rice served in its shell, and Mongolian Lamb Chops encrusted with crystallized ginger. These were near-perfect, medium rare lamb chops. The tasty crust made them so moist! The four of us "fought" over three lamb chops. We also "fought" over our shared Warm Banana Fritter with Pistachio Crunch ice cream (yes, we all should have gotten our own, but... "pats Buddha-belly").The wine list was a bit run-of-the-mill but reasonably priced.I'll be back with a new batch of out-of-town friends!I have mixed feelings about this place.  The food was good, but I'm not so sure about the service.I came here with Emaan M., Jaimin S., and co. to celebrate a friend's birthday.First of all, the decor is gorgeous and I loved the dim lighting.  We started off at the bar area which was pretty packed.  Unfortunately I had to wait about 15 minutes to get a glass of seltzer.  We moved downstairs for dinner and had a huge table in the corner.  I thought the table was in a great place because it allowed us to feel like we had some privacy and could be as loud as we wanted without our neighbors getting mad at us.  Ordering food for a large party (12 people) proved to be a little difficult and the waiter wasn't much help in my opinion.  He did however note which options on the menu were truly vegetarian.   Anyway, he did mention that the food would come out as it was ready and would be brought to the middle of the table....but it wasn't.  Unfortunately, in the beginning all the food was brought out to the corner of the table which made it a bit difficult for the other side to get some food.  Anyway, once we all got some food on our plates, I think everyone agreed that the food was delicious.Some of what I remember:Edamame Dumplings - we got an order of these without the broth (it has chicken stock).  These were little pockets filled with pureed edamame deliciousness.  I could have eaten a plate of these and need to figure out how to make these at home asap.Carrot Dumplings - delicious and cute presentation.  Each "carrot" was filled with a lot of  flavor.Vegetable Rice - served with coconut foam.  When it's mixed with the rice it is SO SO good.  The subtle coconut flavors make this a really memorable rice dish.Wild Mushroom Chow Fun - really good, although salty and a bit oily.Black Bean Silken Tofu - decent dishSpiced Tofu & Cashews - pretty goodDesserts were not as memorable as the entrees.  I thought the apple donuts were way to dense.  The crying chocolate was decent though.I rang in my 23rd year of existence here with a big group of girlfriends. The restaurant was absolutely amazing when it came to dealing with my reservation situation. I originally started out with a group of 5. Then it turned to 4. Wait! Back up to 5! Then on the day of, it changed to 6. Wait scratch that, now 5. Hold on, now it's 7... Ahh I wanted to tear my hair out! I felt SO SO bad every time I called but the reservation girl was such an angel. Of course to make things worse a few people showed up late. No worries, Buddakan to the rescue! They still gave us a great table downstairs right past the main dining room (which is gorgeous by the way). I am kind of picky when it comes to Asian fusion but Buddakan is one of the better fusion places I've been to. For a group of 7 girls we ordered: edamame dumplings, tuna spring rolls, chili crab and crispy noodles, crap fried rice, sizzling short rib, and the glazed alaskan black cod. Not everyone was a fan of the edamame dumplings - the texture is a little weird. It's just one of those things you love or don't love. I happened to love it! The tuna spring rolls were NOT worth it. They are literally two 3 inch long spring rolls with spicy tuna in them. I loved the short rib (really flavorful) and the black cod. I feel like all that food we ordered was good for our group size. But  a few girls were left a tiny bit hungry. I think if we ordered one more main dish, then that would've been perfect.Of course a birthday is not a birthday unless someone from your dinner party whispers really loudly to the waiter "It's her birthday!!! Can you bring her a dessert?" The fried doughnuts we got were freakin tasty. Within about five minutes the plate was empty. I'm so glad I celebrated my birthday at Buddakan! Compared to all the other meat packing restaurants, I'd say Buddakan is the place to go hands down.From start to finish, this place was Amazing. I waited for a friend in the bar/lounge area. Super cute staff, and nice. A bit loud for my taste, on a weekday night, but do-able none the less, it's NYC.Great drinks and food was mouth watering, taste-wise, and presentation. Top Notch! Wanted to take pictures of everything...so I did.Great menu, pricey, as expected, but worthwhile. I never get dessert, BUT I did here..got the tri-color sorbet, which was refreshing! Definitely coming back.Only downside was that there is no cellular reception downstairs, and the bathrooms could be a bit nicer, and not just fit 1 guest each. This place is huge so I expected bigger bathrooms, I was waiting in line for at least 5 mins.Anyhow, overall, I'd definitely come back, and try out more of their veggie options...and more dessert too! :)After I ate here Friday night I couldn't sleep because visions of dumplings and lobster were dancing in my head...I'm serious..I woke up..with only 5 hours of sleep because I couldn't stop thinking about the delicious food.  I've read all the detailed reviews on Yelp and I don't really understand why Buddakan has such a low star rating.  In every possible way I would give them five stars (more if I could). I had an absolutely fabulous time here.  Maybe it was all the beautiful people that I saw, from the Matthew McConaughey look a like to the actual Terri Hatcher.  Maybe I had such a great time because I started my meal off with one of those fabulous cocktails the Charm or maybe it was because I wasn't paying for my meal..but anyhow I had an absolutely fabulous time. "Spoiler Warning" Before I get into the details of this perfect meal, I just want to say that I believe one of the reasons why I enjoyed the food so much was because I didn't have really high expectations (given the 3 1/2 stars on Yelp) and because the menu only hints to the ingredients used in the dishes...so everything was a delicious surprise.  So if you haven't been to Buddakan and you're reading this list to get ideas on what to order just look at the names of the starred dishes, don't read the descriptions.  It will ruin the surprise. Oh and one of the great things about this place is that its family style..the only way I believe a meal should be eaten.  So first off on the delicious journey of my dinner was:*1. Edamame Dumplings, These little pockets of goodness were the best surprise...They were absolutely delicious.  It was like nothing I ever imagined!  The edamame inside was creamy and sweet, all this blended together with the soft dumpling skins and the salty broth perfectly. *2. Crispy Calamari Salad, The fried calamari was perfect, not tough or soggy, it went perfectly with the spring greens and soy vinaigrette.3. Chili Rock Shrimp, the fried shrimp in this dish were cooked perfectly, but they use a spicy mayonnaise sauce and since I'm not the biggest mayonnaise fan, this was my least favorite dish, still really good just not my favorite. 4. Boneless Spare Ribs, They were absolutely delicious, moist and tender, spicy with the accompanying Chinese mustard.  They were so tender you could cut them with your fork.*5. House Special Fried Rice with Scallops was so good!! It almost reminded me of a risotto, creamy with lots of scallops and peas.  This is how you can tell this restaurant is a five star establishment, only a real foody can probably appreciate this but in the fried rice there were peas, not just your easy-ordinary-frozen-from-a-bag peas but fresh-someone-took-the-time-to-depod-real peas...I can't even imagine who's job it is to sit in the kitchen and take peas out of a pod for a fried rice dish...but I thank them because it made it that much more amazing. *6. Shrimp and Lobster Chow Fun, this was another great dish, with a whole lobster (deshelled), giant shrimp, big chow fun noodles, and baby bok choy.  It was so tasty.7. Whole Peking Duck, This dish was just ok...I really wanted to try it, to compare it to Peking Duck House's version, and can say don't order it here..Its like the most expensive thing on the menu and you can find something tastier here for the money.*8. Charred Filet of Beef, So tender, it was like butter in my mouth.  This piece of beef was cooked to perfection, and then they top it off with this sauce, omg, this sauce was like heaven.  I don't know what was in it but it was def butter.  I tried every dish with a little bit of that sauce..so goodSo last but not least our desserts..Some how we ended up getting two chocolate desserts which I normally don't do but both sounded fabulous so that's what we chose.  From the first few bites I think my body wanted to go into a chocolate/sugar diabetic coma, but I pushed through it, because they were so amazing.*9.  Chocolate Mille Feuille, was this chocolate piece of art filled with bruled bananas, spiced chocolate ice cream, and this decorative avocado anglaise sauce (don't be afraid of the avocado, its sweet and creamy and you don't have to eat it, if you don't want).10. The last thing was this peanut butter chocolate pudding with cinnamon whipped cream, I don't recall what it was called but it doesn't seem to be on the regular menu.  The gooey dark chocolate and peanuts were absolutely amazingly delicious!And so to all my fellow Yelpers, especially the one that ordered fried rice here without egg in it (I won't name names) and all the scenesters without a clue, Buddakan is not only a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people, but they serve up amazingly creative and flavorful dishes that ONLY DESERVE TO BE EATEN by people that truly appreciate food for the art that it can be.JulieBuddakan for V day...  what can I say???  yep I'm a wonderful date...   Reserved this over 3 weeks ago and the best I could do was a 10pm reservation so this spot is popular....   I honestly try to avoid these themed asian fusion spots as I am of the Asian persuasion and feel that the food will disappoint...  I go to these spots with a cynical mind thinking that food should always trump over the bougey atmosphere that's built into high ceilings, grand chandeliers, super sized Buddha's, enormous ice sculptures, long ass tables and super model hostesses.....So going in I'm thinking, where the heck is the doorman that's usually there trying to make the spot look like a fancy lounge/nightclub...  As i approached the over crowded check in area exactly on time for my resv... I'm thinking there is no way I'm getting to my table for another 30 - 40 mins...  I'm ready to head to the packed bar/lounge and start sucking down $15 fruity cocktails....  But OMG..  As my gorgeous date and I head to the bar after checking our coats, we're stopped by a hostess with menu in hand ready to seat us...  "STEAK SAUCE..."  And yes the restaurant is wait for it...  'Legendary"  We were seated on ground floor which is like having mezzanine level seats at a broadway show.  The real action is downstairs in the orchestra seats with the incredibly long table, high ceilings and side rooms that look ohhh so cozy and romantic...Our waiter came promptly and was excellent at describing the menu and letting us know how many dishes would be appropriate.  Thus far I am having a wonderful 5 STAR time.   Got my Tsing Tao and I'm ready to go....Now to the real test... THE FOOD.   Started with the edamame dumplings cause everyone raves about them on yelp.  There were 5 pieces and very unique in flavor.  Almost like edamame mash potato as a filling in a dumpling.  I say unique because I thought they were ok and don't regret ordering it but my date thought it was fantastic.  Also went with the tuna tartare on top of chopped deviled eggs.  I thought that was better and a great combination.  The tuna though were small cubed sushi pieces.  I might have preferred tuna tartare to be softly mixed with the usual mustard, oil, lemon juice and then put on top of the chopped deviled eggs.  But still an excellent choice.  I considered the tuna tartare spring rolls but just couldn't fathom what that would taste like???Entrees were the crusted ribeye and the hot and sour scallops.  The ribeye was good and done medium (which they cooked it more than they should have).  But it does pale in comparison to the sizzling t-bone that i can get in chinatown.  It was a nice sized meat and we didn't even finish it.  The scallops were also just ok.  You get 4 pieces and the sauce wasn't really sour or spicy???  It said made with mushrooms and tofu but neither accompaniment really stood out either.  I think both dishes are victims of a restaurant that wants to look shi shi and present well, but when faced with an asian dude that eats too much will fail in the taste dept....  We ordered a Chinese sausage fried rice cause I think it will be something incredibly tasty and unique.  It wasn't :(  Just typical fried rice...  shuda just saved the $10 bucks and had white rice....Finished the night with the dessert special which was a chocolate cake filled with ??(forgot), some mousse with fruits in a triangular chocolate sandwich like setup, and sorbet covered with vanilla ice cream.  This was fantastico !!!!  A nice finish to a nice meal for a nice evening....   Again, the service was impeccable, they changed dishes and utensils for as after each course and didn't give us cheap takeout chopsticks like Megu did....  Expect to pop $150 - $200 for this meal....So to summarize:Staff:             5 STARSAmbiance:   4 STARSApps:            4 STARSEntrees:       3 STARSDessert:       5 STARSOverall:         4 STARSThe thing I'd have to say that I loved most about Buddakan is the atmosphere. The main dining area has these three massive gorgeous chandeliers hanging from super high ceilings, the sight was really quite breathtaking. Also it's very upbeat and loud, almost like a club, and well most people dressed like it was anyway.The most memorable dish here, besides the amazing Crying Chocolate cake for dessert, was definitely the Edamame dumplings. They were amazing, and unlike anything I've ever had before in my life! TBH, now that I think about it, the appetizers here are definitely better than the entrees. We also tried the Chili Rock Shrimp and Pork Buns, which were delicious, but just don't live up to their hype IMO. The one thing that I actually did NOT like was the lobster fried rice; it was so bland, and there was barely any taste of lobster or lobster meat?! Ugh, so not worth the $13-$14 price tag.But honestly this place is for the experience, and in the end, it was all quite worthwhile. Oh and be sure to make a reservation prior to coming so you're guaranteed a seat downstairs in the main dining area, otherwise you'd have to settle for the bar/lounge area or just wait. Our wait wasn't bad at all (~15 min), but I think it's because we got lucky.Oh and beware, the waitress actually semi-forced us into ordering more because supposedly what we originally ordered wasn't "enough"...so I don't know about coming here say, just for the appetizers or desserts, which is what I'm considering for next time.Honestly some of the best dishes I have ever had.  I really enjoyed this place.It's hard to find a place that has great ambiance AND great food - but this definitely had the whole package.  And it wasn't terribly expensive either.  4 of us ate - had 4 appetizers, 4 entrees, 3 desserts, and 8 drinks - still came to $260.  That's really not that bad.The waitress gave us excellent service and the decor inside was stunning.My favorite dish of the evening was the fillet of beef.  Holy crap that was some good gravy.  We almost ordered a second helping.My only critique is that the lighting was so low - I almost walked into the men's bathroom.  I really couldn't see the labels of what hallway went to which bathroom, so I took a guess.  Luckily I got it right the first time.Perhaps we should start w/the story of how I ended up here in the first place.  A good friend of mine who's much deeper in the pockets than I made reservations for a first date here.  Must be nice, right?He hadn't heard from her all day so us being the boys that we are, he hit me up about an hour and a half before the reservation & put me in her spot as a substitute date.  He really wanted to go anyway, so canceling the reservations wasn't an option.  In exchange for my charity, he comped the dinner & told me to order anything I wanted.  w00t!Our table wasn't immediately ready, so we ordered drinks at the lounge.  I drank the Fate all evening.  Very, very nice.  It's elderflower, pineapple, & prosecco.  Yum! :)  He drank the tranquility which is citrus vodka w/lemongrass infused oolong tea.  It must've been good b/c he stuck w/that too. As for the meal---everything tasted good.  I don't even need to go into a thorough description of every dish; I'll just tell you now it's good, and you will like it. Me: Crispy Duck Spring RollsSweet & Sour Chicken Him: Hunan Beef Bao BunsMao Poe TofuDessertOrange Scented BeignetsCouldn't touch that Mao Poe Tofu (Ko don't do pork), but I did eat a Beef Bao Bun & damn those bunz b good. Outside of the dining experience, the staff was excellent, and the decor is top notch.  The music was also very hip and I heard everything from obscure house mixes to Pete Rock & CL Smooth.  Loved it, loved it, loved it. I'd go again...under like circumstances.  Otherwise, I'll always have that day where I +1'd my way into a fine dining experience.My first time here was on a less then perfect date where all three choices(salty crab fried rice, pork belly buns, and sweet and slimy rib tips) almost made me give up on the place for good. I wasn't too thrilled either that I could have literally ate off the plate from the person next to me( and I seriously wanted to, whatever they ordered looked way better then what I had). But I went back to give it another chance and learned that I should choose my own dinner. Both the Edmame and Shrimp dumplings were redemptive enough for my palette to forgive my prior experience. Skip the rice and the carbs and try the charred asparagus as a side instead. I ordered duck for the first time while I was there and now I'm hooked for life! The exquisite design of the dining area close to the stairway rivals the run of the mill dinner experience at Koi or TAO. Unfortunately the red head bartender upstairs is pretty snotty and his mojito's aren't worth drinking but I had one of their specialty cocktails the second time around with lime and rum that complimented my dinner nicely. It's a great place if you want to impress someone or treat yourself to a night out.This is the best Asian Fusion I've tasted so far.The place is obviously overpriced and you can't come here regularly but the food has such good strong tastes and flavors you won't regret splurging the one night out.  I enjoyed the food overall as Asian dishes tend to be very oily, greasy and heavy on the stomach but this place does so well in making sure the food tastes fresh and clean. I didn't feel gross walking out of the place which is always a huge plus.The ambiance is so chic and trendy. They're famous for their huge main room with communal table (The scene at Carrie's Engagement Party in the Sex and the City movie was filmed here!). You wouldn't expect the place to be so spacious when walking in since the outside of the of building looks like a standard black warehouse building.  They did really well to work with their space and the main rooms are accessed by walking down steep stairs to a lower level straight into the communal room and other side rooms that have extra seating.The restaurant suggests ordering family style so our group ordered the following starters and entrees (with my thoughts on each!).:APPETIZERS:Cantonese Spring Rolls - Nothing too much to rave about. Tasted pretty good with the nice blend of shrimp and chicken.Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly - The flavors were very good but the Pork Belly is very fatty. It may not appeal to some squeamish eaters who don't like food with mushy/squishy consistencyCrispy Calamari Salad - Top notch. The apples gave it a slight sweet and sour flavor with an added crisp and the cashews balanced out all the tangy/salty/sweet tastes.Chili Rock Shrimp - Pretty good. Like the way they cook their shrimp. Not too overcooked.Edamame Dumplings - This was just average for me. Just mashed Edamame in a dumpling. Still tasted good but I wouldn't order again.Tuna Tartar Spring Roll - Really good. An interesting play on a classic dish.MAIN DISHES:Sizzling Short Rib - This was tender and juicy and loved the Mushroom Chow Fun sideWhole Crispy Fish - The presentation on this was beautiful! The fish tasted amazing, not too dry and not too undercooked. Sweet and Sour Chicken - Did not taste like the typical Sweet and Sour Chicken dish, which is a good thing. It was a toned down version with much better flavors.Glazed Alaskan Black Cod - Good!! Once again, fish was perfectly cooked.SIDES:Chinese Sausage Fried Rice - Pretty good but the Chinese sausage taste didn't come out as strong for me. Lapchurn has a very distinct flavor and it was missing a bit there.Vegetable Rice - Pretty standard. The Coconut Foam was interesting to look at but didn't contribute to the flavor of the dish.DESSERT:Crying Chocolate - My favorite of the threeGinger Spice Doughnuts - Very good. Not too sweet and not too greasy.Chocolate Peanut Butter Bombe  - This was just average for me since I'm not a huge peanut butter fan but everyone else LOVED it.Come to Buddakan for any of the following reasons: a scene, being surrounded by beautiful people, an ego boost, delicious and beautifully presented Asian fusion food, leaving with a lighter wallet, fun cocktails, spying on bachelorette parties, throwing divorce parties. Our waiter suggested ordering a bunch of things and everyone splitting them (there were four of us), but considering our different tastes and dietary needs, we split two appetizers and everyone go their own entree ("large plate). This was the perfect amount of food. The edamame dumplings were yummy (five to a serving) and I absolutely LOVED my sweet and sour scallops, which were served on a puree of tofu and mushrooms with a spicy "sweet and sour" sauce... more like spicy! The scallops were more on the "well done" side and almost caramelized on the outside. If you like scallops, you must get this dish. Honestly, not all that expensive for a nice dinner out in NYC. My scallops were $25, drinks around $12, and appetizers were around $12. Make reservations well in advance, and don't be confused when you enter and it looks like you're checking into a hotel room.[I'd be mortified if I tripped on those stairs leading down to the main dining room =p]Every aspect of this restaurant was appealing. The restaurant is beautiful, the employees were full of smiles, the corner banquet table had the best view, and the food was amazing. Allow me to break it down.For a party of 6, we had:APPSCrispy Calamari Salad - lightly-battered calamari with mix greens in a tangy miso vinaigrette, very basicEdamame Dumplings - unique, the filling was really smoothChili Rock Shrimp - tasty rock shrimp smothered in a sweet and spicy sauce, goodWok Hay Frog Legs - the best of the apps, the best frog legs I ever had. I'm at lost for words to describe it.Boneless Spare Ribs - tender and savory, a delightful classicChili Crab & Crispy Noodles -  sauteed blue crab in chili brown sauce over crispy noodles, the sauce was a little too powerful but I liked the dish nonethelessLobster Fried Rice - very light, no flavorTwice Cooked Long Beans - crisp cut long beans in a minced shrimp oyster-like sauce; so good we ordered a 2ndENTREESzechuan Crusted NY Ribeye - my fave cut done right, thick slices served with hong kong steak sauce and turnip fries (I'd substitute the bbq-like steak sauce)Charred Filet of Beef - tender and perfectly charred; this entree was raved about on yelp but I preferr the rib-eyeSizzling Short Rib - off the bone, similiar to braised brisket, yummy Whole Sea Bass - coated and deeped fried, unfortunately mushy, the veggies were more delectable  DESSERTCrying Chocolate - delicious rich molten cake with a scoop of coffee ice creamCoconut Creme Brulee - very good, a palate cleanser, especially the lemongrass ice creamChocolate Mille Feuille - a stacked dessert of bruleed bananas, ice cream and thin chocolate Jasmine Lemon VerbenaEveryone was satisifed, happy... in euphoria. Definitely a place to return to, especially with guest. Amaze them with the cavernous dining room, attractive design, and good food."Kinda like Tao, but with better food."                                                         - Wifey-"Reminds me of Spice Market, but with prettier people."                                                          -Me-Pan-Asian joints have become so chic lately.  When they're done well, you'll get a great meal, a sleek Eastern atmosphere, and a lotta jealous friends who wished they were Asian too.When these joints are done badly, I hide my head in shame and try to convince people that I'm not Chinese, but Eskimo.Fortunately, Buddakan is a place that lives up to the hype.  And you'd better believe there's a lotta hype surrounding this place.  For starters, it's one of many establishments owned by the Starr Restaurant group.  A group known for glitzy, trendy, and high-profile eateries across the US.Confirming Buddakan as an "it" place, waves of models, well-heeled financiers, and general glitteratti seem to flock to its nouveau, buddha-inspired "chinoiserie".Wifey and I walked in at 6pm on a Thursday night.The bar was packed.PACKED!Packed with all the model-quality beautiful people that New York had to offer - and a couple of homely ones thrown in just to make the pretty people seem all the more gorgeous.Typically, a demographic of this type is not a good omen for the food.Wifey and I confirmed our reservation with the requisite vacuous blonde at the desk and decided to forgo the monstrous line at the coat check area.  The ditzy blonde then told us to wait at the bar and that someone would be along to get us.  These seemingly simple instructions take on new meaning when you actually walk into the endless hoards of people at the bar and wonder how they'll actually find you.The seating ritual at Buddakan is absolutely the most inefficient and haphazard system I've ever witnessed at a restaurant.  While you're patiently waiting amongst the boisterous and tipsy crowd at the bar, these poor girls wander around aimlessly with nothing but a tiny piece of paper with your last name scribbled on it.  The girls feebly call out random names hoping for a hit, but their delicate blonde voices are drowned out by the din of hipsters juiced up on lychee-infused vodka.If these young waifs finally manage to find you amidst the din and chaos, you are led into an ornate, 2-story chandelier-swinging dining hall of immense proportion.  There is a huge communal dining table in the center of the room with more of the aforementioned glitteratti feasting on pan-Asian treats.The menu is varied, but familiar in its offerings.  You'll be offered fare like potstickers, fried rice, and spring rolls, but they'll be "kicked up a notch" as the banal Emeril Lagasse would say...Whatever the case, those overpriced potstickers and spring rolls will be some of the best you've ever eaten.The food's pretty good.I'll be damned.This place is awesome! The ambience is outstanding, very interesting and trendy. I really like the place.Food - is very very good. I loved it, Iate the lamb chops and were asolutely to die for. I still remember and definetely will go there again. I would love to try everything on their great menu and I love that it is 'tapas style'. The food is excellent, you should definetely make a stop in this place. One of my faourite spots in NYC.Service was average, probaly 4 stars will do.I am giving 4 stars to this place because we had to wait like 40 minutes past our reservation time. It has the worst reservation system ever, cause I cold see a lot of people had the same issue. Other than this convenience, everything was perfect. I was very persistent with the fact that we've been waiting for a long time so someone came to apologize later on, which I think it was a nice gesture. The women a the entrance where only giving childish excuses.Honestly.  I know this is supposed to be some hot spot but, it's so not. I preface this by also admitting that I'm not a fan of gigantic, in your face restaurants where the patrons all think they're Paris Hilton socialites when they're all really from the tristate suburbs.I only went for drinks so I can't comment on the food but, it doesn't seem like a place focused on food. Decor was a bit boring with black as the backdrop and not much else.Drinks were Delcious but around $15 each.  The screne: I was pulled into a conversation with a supposed "hedgefund owner" who couldn't comprehend what an structured derivative was.  Hmmm. Overall, unimpressed with decor, patrons and scene.   Drinks are A++ but there are so many cooler places to be.This place is made to Share.We Grabbed a few starters and a few main courses. The duck was incredible, the steak was intense.... actually, scrap that, EVERYTHING was incredible.The lighting is dim upstairs and vaguely reminded me of the inside of an Abercrombie & Fitch store, but much more intriguing.. one man actually had to use the torch on his  phone to read his menu, so be prepared. The view down upon the dining table downstairs is breathtaking and is one of the most beautiful rooms in any restaurant I've ever seen. Nextdoor, the Lounge is chilled and cool and extremely comfortable, you may even fall asleep in there on the couches after dinner!Men, wear your blazers. You're in for a treat.Went here with a group of 5 for a birthday. The service was amazing. The waiter answered all questions that were asked and gave great suggestions. The food was good overall. We got our meal in the family style fashion. The portions were pretty good. Wouldn't have minded more, but who wouldn't. The lobster rice and the vegetable rice were amazing. I was particularly fond of the vegetable rice which comes with a lot of eggs in it on one side. Not everyone liked how it looked but nobody complained about taste.Wine A+The crying chocolate dessert was the greatest thing ever. There is no dessert I've ever had in my LIFE that compares. It was AMAZING. Trust me on that one. Took a little while to pay the bill but no big deal.The ambiance is very comfortable. The high ceilings are beautiful and the room looks great.This is definitely a place where anyone can go and be comfortable and have a good time. The food was good and the service was excellent. No complaints.I was really excited to come here and love this place. I was coming with great friends, the place is trendy, atmosphere known to be beautiful, etc.Once we got to our table, all of that was true.  Our server was incredible as was the food.  (Wine list was weak but who would come here expecting a good wine list anyway?)Until we got to our table, it was a disaster.  40 minutes of waiting even though we had a reservation and no one cared.  After 30 minutes, I complained and was told that a manager would come talk to me right away.  I might as well still be waiting...  What shocked me the most, however, was one of the hostesses who while we were waited to be seated, started to talk to me and make fun of certain clients saying that they were "caricatures of themselves."  I may be oversensitive but found it not only completely inappropriate, I wonder what she started saying about me after I sat down.Now I did say the food was delicious and that truly was the saving grace.  In particular, I recommend the edemame dumplings, tuna tartare spring rolls, black cod, and crying chocolate cake.You may be asking yourself if the food was worth the hassle and should you take the same chance?  Your call.  I won't be coming back but I've already experienced it.I took my wife here for her birthday on Monday. From what I had heard about Steven Starrs' first venture into NYC, I had to check it out. We weren't disappointed. Visually, the restaurant is stunning. We were seated at a table overlooking the BIG room. It reminds me of scenes from movies like "The King and I" with its ridiculously high ceiling, elaborately carved relief's and 3 massive chandeliers hanging over a 40 seat long table.My wife had one of the special cocktails, the "Charm" ($11.00), made with prosecco,  passion fruit liqueur, apples and berries. To perfumy for me, but my wife loved it. For appetizers, we shared the chili rock shrimp ($13.00) and lobster egg rolls ($14.00). The shrimp were tempura fried to perfection, and the sauce was sweet and tart.  The egg rolls were, I think, frozen and fried, but they were still delicious with a sauce that I can't recall now.The wine list is categorized by adjectives. Rich, Refreshing, Silky Smooth and Muscular are a few of the categories. We opted for Silky Smooth with the Rex Hill Pinot Noir ($65.00). It was, well, silky smooth with a nice black peppery finish.For main courses, we shared the Filet Steak ($29.00) with a wonton filled with crispy potatoes and  Dijon mustard sauce, and the Lobster and Shrimp Chow Fun ($35.00) The steak was melt-in-your-mouth tender, and they got medium-rare perfectly. The portion was kinda small, I think it was about 8 oz. The mustard sauce was almost custard-like, and was great for dipping the steak with. The wonton was just a shell filled with potato chips. The lobster and shrimp chow fun came in an x.o. brandy sauce and the classic chow fun noodles (wide, slippery rice noodles) This dish was great, served in a deep bowl, and the lobster was cooked right...it wasn't too chewy as often is the case.Dessert was presented very nicely, the pastry chef wrote "Happy Birthday Susan" on the Crying Chocolate Cake with Coffee Ice Cream ($10.00) and we also enjoyed the Kaffir Lime Tarte ($10.00). What can  say about chocolate and lime? Just that the desserts alone would be a reason for us to go back.We splurged a bit on two Inniskillin Icewines ($25.00 each), but it's a birthday, right? The server was awesome in that she brought out tastes of three different dessert wines for us to taste, and when we tasted the Inniskillin, the price didn't matter. Rich and intensely sweet from the concentrated sugar in the grapes, it was the perfect end to a great dining experience.The server (Yonella) was very friendly and informative, very important to me, being in the biz. The service was prompt when we first arrived when there were a lot of empty tables. It got a bit slower when the restaurant filled up. I took about twenty minutes to get the check, which sucked cause we have a new puppy that was missing us. I know the server just got maybe 4 new tables, but that's when a manager should check on all the tables to see if anyone needs anything. The total check was $261.00 before tip, so if you are going to splurge here, bring a fat wallet or purse. (Well, we did spent like $140.00 on booze) Overall, I have to say that it was a good value, based upon the total experience. We are thinking of having my next birthday party there, but this time with 20 people, at the BIG table in the BIG room...and I want to sit at the head of the table!One lovely Yelper - Thanks Phillip L.! - just reminded me Buddakan is also a Top Chef joint (so I can add it to my list mwahahhaha). I actually can't believe I haven't reviewed this place sooner but it's probably because I am still swooning days later from the amazing food.Buddakan is one of those places that you go dressed to impress and perfect for out of towners when you really, really want to wow em. Even I feel a little intimidated walking in to the hushed lighting and cavernous space. As other Yelpers have pointed out, it is a little like a hotel lobby at the front where you check your coat and let the hostess know you've arrived (somewhat literally). Inevitably they'll send you to the bar where you'll try and find somewhere to stand or perch and sip a lovely cocktail as you wait (reservations are ALWAYS recommended).I've sat both upstairs and down and don't really have a preference other than those stairs are slightly terrifying to navigate in heels whilst clutching a martini (but thankfully thus far I've managed. Knock on wood for next time). Everyone says: "Get the edamame dumplings." And they're right, get em. Also get the rock shrimp. Actually, get two (three if you're having dinner with me). The sushi was also incredibly good. I've tried many other dishes here and while I can't remember all of them, I do remember enjoying them all.All in all, come here when you really want to have a special night out. Every time I've been here - both with a few friends or a large group - I always catch myself at some point thinking: "Yup, this is New York (and aren't I one lucky girl?!)"I didn't specifically made a dinner reservation because this was THE rehearsal dinner spot for Carrie and Big @ the Sex and The City movie.But as soon as I stepped out of the lounge and into the dining area, I was stunned.The sight was oh so familiar - the staircase leading into the basement dining room, the long table with four chandeliers and the high vaulted ceiling. Still I had doubts - not until another friend made the guess did I do what I do best: google and wiki the hell out of everything, and there, I found my answer.Even without the pizzazz, additional credential and instant recognition brought upon this place by the SATC movie, I still loved the experience. The restaurant represents everything about Manhattan: the tres-chic sophistication, good food (lobster fried rice, mildly spicy szechuan-crusted rib eye and glazed alaskan black cod, and then crying chocolate as finale) and drinks, beautiful people - everything that makes you feel a million dollar for a few hours. Something I would gladly pay for.It's just as beautiful as you see it in Sex and the City!  With a little sign on the outside it might be easy to miss but once you get inside it opens up and is so beautiful.  You check in and they tell you, you can go the the bar and wait and they'll come and find you when your table is ready.  When our table was ready we got to sit in the great hall at a table next to real life sex in the city women.  They also placed a candle melting over an owl.  On one side theres a room that looks like a library in another it look like a museum.  Must try:  edamame dumplings, crying chocolate and almond bread pudding.  Make sure you make reservations and bring some $$.  Next time I go to NYC i'll definitely be back to have a late night dessert or two.I can't think of too much positive to say about Buddakan, except maybe the drinks.  The food was so uninspiring and the portion size was offensive.  The food wasn't bad, but it was nowhere near as good as what you pay.  Along with that, I went to the restroom and it looked like a gas station bathroom.  It was atrocious.. Completely unacceptable.  I was shocked.The ambiance is nice, if you are into a pretty setting with a bunch of tourists around you.I was so disappointed.This was my first time here and I'll admit I enjoyed the ambiance/decor more than the food. I ordered the General Tso dumplings (delicious) with the Chinese Sausage Fried Rice w egg (the rice was a bit too course for my liking) Overall, the service was great, but the food could have been a little better. I give it a 6 out of 10.The price you pay is out the fucking wazoo for what you're getting. This ACTUALLY happened once. We ordered tar tar and the waiter took it away before we even touched it. Confused, we demanded what the fuck this nut job was smoking and if he had anymore of that shit. It turns out the portions here were so small that he thought we had finished eating it when there was a "full portion" on the plate. Obviously, he got us a order.I know why people hate this place. It's obnoxious, pretentious to some and the food sucks. You need to understand that this is the place you go when you're planning a more organized get together between a number of friends who are already 1 hour of pregaming in to the night and ready to snack lightly (and pay heavily) before some serious debauch.Buddakan is quickly becoming known as Steven Starr's monstrosity of a restaurant/bar.  My friend and I went on a restaurant hopping bonanza last month and Buddakan happened to be the last stop.  Although we were completely stuffed from the restaurant and bar we hit before Buddakan, we ordered 2 appetizers and each had two drinks from the drink specials.  WHAT A TREAT!  The crab rolls were amazing.. that is the dish I would recommend.  The drinks we ordered were all fruit infused and unique, although a bit pricey.  What you really come to this venue for is the ambiance.  Trendy, dark, asian.  Mr. Star must word associate the word "vase" when someone mentions the word "Asian" since they are everywhere!!  In the bathrooms, on the sides of the restaurant, downstairs, near the bar area.. etc.  Downstairs is a real treat, the high celings, motifs on the walls, secret caves and long banquet tables complete the feel to this spectacular restaurant.  Come for the atmosphere, stay for the food and drinks... and oh yes, check out the vases."Buddakan;" serving modern Asian Cuisine in a huge banquet hall-like setting with chandeliers hanging from high ceilings, and enough space to seat 275 people. It looks like a palace, and serves an incredible mixture of Asian and European flavors, textures, and ingredients. I really enjoyed the foods here, Especially the Edamame Dumplings. It's Chinese, but tastes nothing like Chinese. It's soft, delicate, fresh, refreshing, and creamy!I went here on a Friday night for dinner with a large group (11 ladies for a bachelorette weekend), We arrived about 10 minutes early and had time to relax in the lounge. The ambiance was very chic and trendy, and the entire place is decorated beautifully. I loved the large dining area as you come down the stairs. Since we were a large group, we decided to do the set price menu. It was $65 per person and they brought out tons of different dishes with enough for everyone to try. One of the ladies in our party did not eat pork, so they were able to accomodate her and bring a substitute that did not have pork. All the food was amazing- delicious, fresh, high-quality. The desserts were awesome. I loved the almond bread pudding. I know some places in the city can be difficult to deal with when there is a large party, but they were all very nice and did not give us an attitude or seem upset about running 11 different credit cards. Everyone from the hostess to the server were so nice and the meal was so enjoyable.The meal was definitely not cheap, but my entire party agreed that it was soo worth it. This restaurant would be great for a special occasion and I definitely recommend it.My first experience at this mega-Asian bistro with a large group was not great...last night with one friend, had a great time-- food very good, service depends!While the interior is impressive (decorated kind of like the Viceroy Hotel in Santa Monica, but with dark wood), the service was terrible the first time I went.  We had a reservation, but had to wait for a table for 40 minutes...time does pass quickly there though as it is very scene-y and the techno-house music makes it a good party atmosphere, if not a bit meat-marketish.  Even though we were a huge table (12 people = huge tab especially with drinkers), we did not have enough wait staff and therefore people had to wait to get dishes, etc. and the wait staff was pretty rude when a couple friends tried to join us and pull up extra seats.The second time I went with a girlfriend- we still had a wait an hour for our 9pm table reservation, but the downstairs library bar is nice and chill...the cocktails are good esp. prosecco with berries drink (think it's called the Charm?) and our waiter could have been a stand-up comedian.  The edamame dumplings while rich, were very good as was the mushroom chow fun (not too salty), steamed Chilean sea bass rolls (heavenly!), deviled egg tuna tartar, and chili rock shrimp were all very good.  We were stuffed after grazing on hot and cold small plates, but inspired by the dessert list and indulged in a peanut butter ice cream, creme fraiche, and chocolate number...yummmmm!This is a good place to go before you go out...definitely puts you in a "going out" mood!Delicious. Everything we ordered was incredible. Scallion pancakes, Chili rock shrimp, lamb chop and black cod. The "lounge" is 1st come 1st serve and in my opinion is sexier atmosphere than the lower level or the main restaurant. It's darker and swankier with a bit more room. Stumbled on this spot while on a date night with the Hubbs and we'll definitely be back!This is place is enormous and elaborate and might take your breath away, yet somehow manages to stay intimate. It's an extravaganza of sights and sounds (with all the requisite Pan Asian twists) but it works. To be fair, my party only went here on the later side, for drinks and small plates (mostly dumplings, which were great), but the atmosphere - especially since Buddakan is so new - was that you were at the right place at the right moment in the right city.With Morimoto at the other end of the Chelsea Market., can this block of lower 9th and 10th Avenues get any hotter?The food was delicious and the dessert was even better. Personal favorites include rock shrimp, crab, the lemon chicken, calamari salad, almond bread pudding, and carrot cake. The waiter wasn't that friendly but overall atmosphere and meal was 5.0The first stop on my foodie trip to NYC is Buddakan for dinner. I'm always reluctant to try "fancy" Asian food, especially when I travel. However, my friend chose it because this place was featured the Sex and the City movie. It's the spot where Carrie and Big have their wedding rehearsal dinner and I must admit, it was pretty gorgeous on screen. Buddakan isn't traditional Asian by any means but Asian inspired. It was gorgeous and the food was yummy too! My two friends and I shared: Edamame Dumplings - Okay, let's get the bad out first. I did not like this at all even though so many reviews recommended it. It tasted like baby food wrapped in sticky dumpling skin. Save yourself some green and skip this. Tuna Tartar Spring Roll - This isn't too far fetched from how tuna tartar is normally served with chips or some kind of crisp. This one is so much better though because the crunch comes from the roll that neatly ensures that every bite is filled with delicious fresh tuna!Chili Rock Shrimp - OMG. This is my favorite of the night. The rock shrimp is perfectly fried and then drenched in a yummy orange cream sauce. The chili seasoning gives it a nice kick. I could have eaten two plates of this stuff.Boneless Spare Ribs - Succulent ribs! I wished I had some white rice to go with it. Chinese Sausage Fried Rice - Eh. It would have been fine IF the rice was cooked properly. Unfortunately it was hard and chewy. Not good news for a daily rice eater. Ginger Glazed Veal Cheeks with Lo Mein Noodles and Pickled Apple Salad - I loved the tender veal. The thick noodles were a great complement. Didn't care too much for the apple salad. It is definitely a little pricey but you come for the atmosphere as well as the food. Both in general don't disappoint. I also didn't think we would get full after this meal. I was pleasantly proven wrong.To. Die. For. Hands down, this is now my go-to restaurant. I just can't believe its taken me this long to go there! Last night, I decided step out of my box and enter the world of the meatpacking. Its very rare to find me west of Broadway, but this just might have to change.I enter, and find myself being greeted by 5 hosts behind a black counter. No reservations? No problem, we can find you a table. Coat was checked right away (I think this should now be the rule for ALL restaurants/bars/clubs whatever.)We go up the stairs and are escorted around the HUGE restaurant to our table downstairs. Breathtaking views, honestly cannot even be conveyed by mere words. Our hostess was telling us that the space is over 10,000 square feet. I commented about how wild the layout is and that I've never seen anything like it. She promptly informed us that at the turn of the century, it was actually a Nabisco cookie factory.Our amazingly attentive waiter took our orders and explained that its family style eating, meant to be tried by all. My friend and I ordered 4 appetizers and a glass of wine which came out to about $70. Not bad considering we could not even finish the food, as divine as it was. Now....on to the food.Edamame dumplings. Must try. MUST try. Heavenly. I've never been so happy. Calamari salad, chili rock shrimp, and Cantonese spring rolls were also amazing but I've never been struck by food quite as much as I had been by those dumplings. The table right next to me ordered something that looked like Thai drunken man noodles. That is obviously next on my list to order. I will not be satisfied til I have tried it all.Put simply. If you haven't been there yet, you need to go!The space is really fantastic, and the architecture "wows" (if that can be a verb). The grand, main dining room is 2 or 3 stories high and beautiful. The rest of the restaurant has a nice urban/Asian chic feel to it.  If you want to sit in the main room, make sure you include that requirement in your reservation, though, because the place holds about 200 tables and fewer than half are situated in the great room.The food is just okay. We had the Peking duck, the salmon, a tasty peanut noodle dish, and a bevy of appetizers. Nothing was bad. Nothing was great. I'm tempted to call the place over-rated.One of my dining companions put it well when he alluded to the chef's home turf by saying, "it's like Philadelphia's attempt at Asian fusion in New York."  Another predicted "the place will be packed with customers from New Jersey within a few months."They're both right.My dinner at Buddakan, or the day I realized I really am a food snob.So I went here with work as part of a big SATC night (silly yes, fun obv!)The place is gorgeous and you just feel like a celeb walking in. We ate at Carrie and Big's rehearsal dinner table, the big long one in the center of the room down the stairs. The chandeliers were amazing-the room reminded me of Temple of doom meets Ikea or Gymboree. Weird I know, but between the elegant details of the walls, the fresco-like painting on the walls and the colorful abstract window sculptures, it's what came to me. The service was spectacular and the waiters were knowledgeable and friendly.But on to the food... here is where i realized my snobbery. From the room, the hype and knowing the cost of things - I was expecting to be amazed by the food. I wasn't. It wasn't bad, but I wasn't blown away. It reminded me very much of a Chain restaurant, much like a Ruby Foo's.We had the Edamame dumplings, which I see raves for on Yelp, but am wondering if these people enjoy baby food as well. The dumplings were filled with green pureed mush and the "Sauternes broth" did not taste of Sauternes at all and was, imho, a waste of a good dessert wine. The lobster egg rolls were decent- did not taste of mint though they were touted as such, and were no better than local delivery. The lobster meat was a little tough too; one bite and the filling was all hanging from my mouth while i still held the shell! The crispy calamari salad was delicious and would be something I would return for (and is the only food related reason for the 4th star) and the General Tso's Chicken dumplings were messy and kind of boring.I only had a few items from the sides we ordered as I was pretty full (and ok, getting a little tipsy - which sometimes kills the appetite) but the crab fried rice was gross - a little too fishy, and overloaded on coconut or something sweet-ish. The Sugar snap peas we tasty but not very impressive/innovative. I had the sweet and crispy jumbo shrimp for my entree, and while it had interesting flavor, it also tasted like it was doused in the mayo sauce they use to make spicy tuna rolls, minus the spice, so it tasted like shrimp covered in sweet mayo. Nice flavor, strange texture - and once I think of seafood with mayo I get a little nauseous. I did get to meet Chef Dale (of top chef fame) which was cool, and while the food was well prepared (go Dale) it was really the structure of the dishes/menu that left me thinking Buddakan ought to stick to the less picky/more easily impressed metro areas, i.e. philly.A co-worker was a big fan of the beef dishes, and as I avoid those, I will defer to her, seems beef is their wheel house... but I still claim that Buddakan is overrated...Maybe I really am just a jaded foodie.This place was awesome. I loved how it looked on the inside. From the outside you don't expect it to look so chic and modern. Loved the decoration. But the foid and service was exceptional. The lobste fried rice , greens, basil chicken, egg rolls, noodles..every thing was served promptly and was delicious. Very impressed.Buddakan was A LOT better than I thought it was going to be. I figured this place had run it's course, but boy is my face red.Decor:  Loved it. The 40ft ceilings in the main dining area are beautiful and I loved the entire design aesthetic of the place. Dark, sexy and well laid out.Food:Tuna rolls - deliciously crunchy on the outside and nice and chewy on the insideEdamame Dumplings - believe the hypeCrunchy Shrimp app - loved the sauce and accompanying candied walnutsPeking Duck - very good, but the pancakes could have been a little betterLobster Fried Rice - could have used a little more lobbie but was tastyDrink:Fever - holy crap this rocked, tequila (i think), fresh ginger ale, jalapeno and something else. I had like 5 of themService - A+. We were there for an engagement party and they did everything top notchI was pleasantly surprised by my experience ... if you're on teh fence about going, I say go.Pricey but worth every penny! Edamame dumplings have to be ordered.   Actually everything was fantastic. Probably the best service i have ever experienced in my life! And we eat out often at many high end restaurants.Pros: - best place to bring out-of-towners to show off your "fabulous/I think I'm fabulous" New York lifestyle- you will actually start believing you're fabulous after dining here- the vibe is so chic and gorgeous- you can watch pretty people schmooze as you buy a cocktail at the bar and wait for your reservation to be called-the food is very good, from the filet that they drench in this addicting butter sauce to the lobster fried rice to the peanut butter bombe.Cons:- it's ridiculously crowded and I think it's just silly that the hostess has to run around the dark crowded bar calling your name to find you when your table is ready-the food is so good you feel so sad/screwed out of your money when the small portions come Come here and you will remember why you chose to live in New York City.I'll be completely honest, I thought I was going to hate this place.  I am not a meat packing district kind of guy.Last night I went to Buddakan with a small group, and admittedly, one of the diners in our party has connections there.  We were treated like royalty, so perhaps my review is somewhat biased.  Nevertheless, the service, the drinks, the food, and just about every other metric I could possibly speak about was pretty flawless.The place is palatial, I'm talking cavernous.  You really have no idea how enormous the space is.  The overhead in lease expenses alone must be astronomical.  The decor is very trendy and lounge-chic, with an Asian twist.  I don't think I heard any music under 100 bpm the entire time we were there, so you get the idea about the mood they're going for.  The prices are, well...high.  This place is like a dining event, it's so much more than just a restaurant, and the prices reflect that.  Be prepared.The food was phenomenal.  Edamame dumplings.  I repeat, edamame dumplings.  HOLY.  SHIT.  Pork belly with steamed buns (like sliders), tuna tartare spring rolls, chili glazed rock shrimp, kung pao monkfish, chili king crab, peking duck, mushroom chow fun...I'm drooling here.  Everything was just outstanding.  Edamame dumplings.  There, I said it.LOVED it. In the busy Meat Packing District so it's super close to a bunch of other restaurants, bars, lounges, clubs... It's a HUGE restaurant with a lounge/restaurant/bar upstairs and an even huge-r room (called the Grand Room) downstairs. Definitely recommend making reservations at the Grand Room, particularly if you have a large party. It's a huge space, but even if you go w/ a small party (it was just me and my date) you will not feel out of place as the service is very good and managed to retain a level of intimacy. The food was surprisingly good, I always worry about the *trendy* places but we enjoyed it. The rock shrimp dish was delicious... I recommend relying on your server as there is a wide selection. Desserts are also very good... especially the peanut butter/chocolate concoction, it was a delicious melted mess and I liked my fingers clean!All the drinks were also outstanding... you have to check it out, worth at least one experience. Prices were fine... I think it was only $200 for 2 of us which included tax/tip and a disgusting amount of cocktails, desserts, appetizers, entrees... oink oink.Yummy yummy in my tummy. I didn't know we were coming here so I foolishly ate dinner before coming. However, some coworkers basically ordered one side of the menu, and I had to indulge.The charred fillet was amazing, as was the lobster, asparagus, black cod, lamb chops, and so on and so forth. They got some sausage fried rice, but me and my non-pork-eating self had to pass.Best part was the panacotta they brought us for ordering so much food! Sweet! And the drinks...and the setting...me likey. Definitely going to end up here again!OVER RATED.I took my mother here for dinner when she was in town from Maryland, and I was appalled at the experience we walked out with. First of all, our reservation was made by the concierge at the Hotel Gansevoort.  You'd think that would guarantee us some half decent service. Wrong.  When we walked in the door, we were treated almost like bums that had accidentally wandered past the doorman.  And it's not like we were casually dressed! I'm in the fashion industry, so I always make sure that I am dressed to impress the people I meet.  After giving the bored-looking hostess barricaded behind her hotel-esque greeting desk our name, we were led down the grand staircase past all the beautiful tables in the main dining room through a serpentine path ("everyone has to take this route, so as not to disrupt the serving flow") which ended at a table stuck on a random side wall about 10 feet from the kitchen.  Mind you we walked past about 20 or 30 other much nicer tables that were totally empty.The food was ill-concieved, the staff contrite, the cocktails warm and far too complex to taste good. The only thing that impressed me about the place was the impressive main dining floor awash in gold.If I could give it 0 stars I would.One of the best places that I have been to in New York City!I went here with some co-workers after work on a Thursday night. My boss had to make a reservation and we were seated in the large dining room downstairs (which I was pleasantly surprised to realize was the location for the rehearsal dinner in the first Sex and the City movie). The people next to us had a baby with them, which I thought was a bit odd for this type of restaurant, so there was a bit of crying, but that is not the restaurants fault.My boss adores this place, so he ordered off the menu for us. And it was all absolutely delicious! We had the edamame dumplings, cantonese spring rolls, lobster fried rice, dungeness crab sticky rice, and my absolute favorite was the charred filet of beef. It was unbelievably good! That is my recommendation for a first time (and any time) visit.Now I'm sure that one of the reasons that I loved the place was because I didn't have to pay for any of it. It is a bit pricey, but it's a great place to go for a celebration or special event. When you think of New York, this restaurant captures that in it's food and atmosphere.The food was good...but i have never been a big fan of Asian restaurants that are overpriced with a fusion twist.   The decor was nice, but a bit dark.  Definitely could use more lights....and the seats were just uncomfortable...my back really was starting to ache! I had a great time because I was with my girls, the drinks were yummy and our waiter kicked ass.  I was content with the service...but what you are really paying for is the decor.  I would have been just as content with a hole in the wall place in NY Chinatown.  Although, I would like to note one dish, the sea bass I'd say was nicely done.  I can appreciate any restaurant that can sear their sea bass just right.   I would go back only to try other dishes, because the food is good, but i am not "wowed" by the flavors.  Again, it's probably just my stigma with Asian food and knowing the full quality as well as quantity of how much it should really cost.Buddakan irritated me from the start.After arriving slightly early for our reservation we were pushed off to the lounge to wait.  I'm there to eat and not really throw down pricey cocktails, can we get to it?  We sat there with other parties for about ten minutes before staff passed through collecting the parties for that hour's seatings.  We were lead through the cavernous layout of empty tables and finally seated.  The menu looked good, but I could barely focus with the combination of the cacophony of pounding house music from the speakers that blared above each table and the boisterous party of twenty a few tables down.  Ugh.  Can you just jab these chopsticks in my eyeballs?  Our server dropped in and gave us the runthrough.  We got several things and maybe ordered too much.  Szechaun pork dumplings and Lobster egg rolls for starters.  We mentioned that we liked things spicy and our guy showed up with a Siracha like hot sauce that jacked things up nicely.  The dumplings and egg rolls packed with lobster were both delectable.  Our white wine went well with our choices.  For our mains we shared the Shacha chicken, which was kind of like a five spiced bird and the Shrimp and Lobster chow fun in X.O. sauce.  Add a side of the long beans with diced shrimp and brown rice and we were set.  We enjoyed everything.  I preferred the chicken, which was really moist and had a ton of flavor.  The noodle dish was full of shrimp and lobster meat, but the noodles were a bit tough to handle.  With this spread we passed on dessert.Food was very good, but the ambiance was certainly not my thing.  On the heels of the amazing date night we had at Gramercy Tavern, this seemed a scene more fitting of a SATC girls night out.  That's not my thing, but if you're on the corporate account or drinking and dining with a pack-this is your place.Visually great, service was pretty good ...but I can't actually eat any of those things now can I? -___-The flooring was a deathtrap with my heels, I feel lucky I didn't fall on my face. This place's hype is way out in outer space. Nothing tasted authentic and definitely not family style - it was all 1 person serving sizes...a teeny, tiny person, like whatever is smaller than an Asian.The wait was definitely worth it!  Finally got reservations and had a fabulous meal last night at Buddakan.  I'm still thinking about the meal & the place itself....  After having dined at the Buddakan in Philadelphia a few times, I wouldn't have thought I'd be giving 5 stars to Buddakan NY but I think it totally deserves it! Not only is this place gorgeous inside but they actually serve up some good food!  The interior is sexy, grand, elegant, modern, and hip.  One of those places where you walk in, and you feel either you're just too cool for school or not cool enough.  Yes, it's somewhat obnoxious but I appreciated it for what it's worth... esp when I looked down on the grand banquette table downstairs with the super high ceilings and these lovely chandeliers hanging down.  As for the food... we started with 3 app's, which were all delicious.  The lobster egg rolls were delicious, as were the sea bass rolls.  The taro lollipops were OK but nothing I would get again.  For our main dishes, we had the tea smoked chicken (pretty good but a bit bland compared to the other much more flavorful dishes we had), short ribs (so tender and so good... even the table next to us asked what we were eating and commented, "we should've ordered that... damn... next time."), and my favorite of the night -- the spicy blue chili crab dish with egg noodles.  Nice shreds of crab meat mixed in spices with noodles, scallions, etc.  As for desserts (we somehow made room for a few!), we ordered the crying chocolate (white chocolate ganache in warm chocolate cake w/ espresso ice cream on the side) and the pumpkin souffle.  Didn't care for the latter but the former was tasty.The last pleasant surprise of the Buddakan experience was the price... definitely not a cheap eats spot but for all the great food we had and good service, it was very reasonably priced.  Thus, great food at a good price, awesome ambiance, and throw in a few celeb sightings and interesting people-watching... I'm going to stick to 5 stars!My first night in NYC and I wanted to go to Buddakan for wine and dumplings.  Of course.The decor is dark, delicious, and swanky.  The bar area is cool and has benchy things to sit on while you wait for your table.  Downstairs is cavernous - dark and dim, and fabulous.  We ordered some nibbly things to share (I don't really eat meals, just a bunch of appetizers), including the dumplings, pot stickers and pork buns.  So good.I got really lit on far too many glasses of Shiraz and ate some tasty tasty dumplings, and I saw Bill Clinton sititing with Chelsea and husband at a corner table.  While I was wandering about, a handsome secret service dude realized I wasn't an assassin - just a girl with a bladder full of six or seven or eight glasses of wine - and showed me where the bathroom was.  Hey, thanks Secret Service dude.I think the funniest part about this night was how while waiting upstairs near the bar to be seated at the lovely Buddakan, my friends and i were all saying how weird and random the giant 30 person long table in the middle of the main dining area was. Where do we get seated 15 minutes later?  The giant 30 person long table in the middle of the main dining area.We had about 12 people total in our party. It was kind of awkward sharing the giant table with two other parties of about 6 on both sides of us. I didn't really understand the point. What happened to fun round tables? I was expecting more from the edaname dumplings but my jumbo shrimp and calamari salad were amazing!! The portions were small but i felt were still filling. Our waitress was the worst thing to ever walk on two feet and wear black.  She screwed up all of our drink orders and didn't bring them out until AFTER we were done with our appetizers AND entrees. She forgot about half the orders and gave us 2 of them on her because she was that terrible. Usually I'm not one to complain about the service. It sucks they have to do it to begin with, but when your working in an expensive restaurant like that and your THAT bad, complaining i don't think is out of line.Food was good but Id still pick Tao over this place.Sky*When I told friends that I was going here, they looked at me with envy. Some comments were, "What's the big occasion?" and "That's where they filmed parts of Sex & The City: The Movie!" and "Cool, dude." I can now tell them all to calm the eff down.The place certainly is cool from the outside (dark, ominous) and in the waiting/lobby area (even darker and ... ominous-er). It felt funky, sexy and cool. The hostess might just as well have said to us, "You have arrived, you hot New Yorker, you."All is very well and good until you begin getting your food. My boneless spare ribs were greasy - very greasy - a mouthful of grease. So greasy the sauce they tried to smear it with would've even stick to the rib. The other dishes (fish, chicken, etc) were all ... okay. As I made my way through the ehhh food though, I just started looking at and through my surroundings. Not every picture is a postcard here. The aforementioned lobby is quite stunning, but where we were sitting, it was essentially a black hallway next to an orange screen. Eh. That, combined with our waiter's three (3) mistakes with our drink orders, it all began to feel pretty phony, "themey" and incomplete. A not-so-sleeker version of Epcot. I'm serious.The dessert, it must be said, was amazing. Pumpkin Cheesecake, plated gorgeously with chocolate bands covering the serving. It was delicious. My compliments to the chef ... the dessert chef.Arrived here around 12:30am to meet a group of people. I didn't eat but the food smelled and looked amazing. Stayed here for about an hour or so and had a few drinks which were awesome.The decor here is so ridiculously elegant and modern I just wanted to sit there all night. No bouncers which make the place super classy to me. We ordered desert with our party--out of this world. The chocolate mille feuille is to die for. The spiced doughnuts are delicious as well. Crying chocolate was meh--i've had better chocolate lava cake.Consistently great food.Wow.. I heart this place sorta kind of!  So, we didnt have reservations, but we totally got a seat in the lounge.  The Decor:  Muy chic. Love it. The Waitress:  Excellent.  She was so helpful and very knowledgeable about the menu.  However, she didnt tell us that it was basically a la carte.The Food:  Dee- Lish.  I had Cod..my date had Lamb Chops.  Very tasty.  I just didnt understand why they gave me a plate the size of 2 wall clocks with such a small amount of food.The Wine: I had a fabulous glass of Riesling...which I meant to write down the name...shoot!My only issue: Im from VA and Im used to complete entrees unless told otherwise...we were still hungry when we left..lolAny who, its a great place. I was impressed.I was told by a friend who lives in Philly (that's where the original location is) that this is the best restaurant EVER.  And when I heard that I just thought don't get too excited because we all know what happens when you over-hype something - it's a letdown.  But I'll have you know Buddakan was definitely not a let down.  It was probably the best meal I have ever had in NYC.  And I do eat out A LOT!  We started with some cocktails - obviously.  They all have cute names...mine was jealously.  I'd like to say I sampled some others but it was so freakin' good I just stuck with that.  For apps we got scallion pancakes - seems unoriginal I know, but they were fantastic!!  We also got the edamame dumplings b/c everyone raved about them...and they were very good.  But just a little note, they are very subtle in flavor, not bland, but they won't knock you out.  Ok now here's where it gets funny.  My friends and I aren't huge seafood fans and I heard the chicken was not good so we ordered 3 meat dishes.  The lamb chops, the filet of beef and the short rib were all amazing!!!  I honestly can't pick a favorite of the three.  Even though we were all feeling a tad bit full we decided to just go ahead and gain a nice round 10 lbs and order dessert.  We got the peanut thing (can't remember the name) and the Crying Chocolate.  Again, both were AMAZING!!Oh and a final note on service - the hostess who led us to our table was the friendliest woman, as was our waitress.  I did go to dinner at 7pm on a weekday - so maybe that's why they were in good spirits (no annoying, late night, out-of-towners (no offense of course)).  While I hate to give it up to my friend - Buddakan is worth all the hype!!Wow, Buddakan is in one word - f*ckinglicious! I never expected such a "touristy" place in Meatpacking to be so good. And being Asian, of course I have high expectations that they don't butcher my culture. I had been here before, but only for drinks.What a perfect opportunity to come here - my clients were in town, and they picked the restaurant... you know what that means. Order the entire friggin' menu and not have to pay a dime... sweet, and that's precisely what we did. The hosts and waiters were all very nice and accommodating, providing excellent service and reccos.appetizers:tuna taretare springrolls - i was so full from the below taretare i didn't try this oneshaken chili beef taretare - i love taretare, what more could you ask for?peking duck salad - surprisingly good, not just a regular saladchili rock shrimp - YUM, Lots of flavorboneless spare ribs - SO TENDER, FLAVORFUL AND AMAZING. we should've ordered more of these!edamame dumplings - mmmm.... droolgeneral tso's dumplings - greathunan beef baobuns - yummy, but the mustard sauce was too much for mechili crab and crispy noodles - couldn't really taste the crab, no one knew what the dish waslobster fried rice - pretty yummyspiced tofu and cashews - love tofu, love eggplant, love cashewsthe above was PLENTY of food, we were too full for entrees! thus we just ordered a couple more things...szechuan crusted ribeye - deliciousosizzling short ribs - yummo10 people, and the bill came out to $1200. (We ordered plenty bottles of wine as well).What a great meal, I will remember this forever!!Couldn't get reservations at a decent dinner time...so took our chances and came on a walk-in basis.  To our surprise, we got seated in less than 5 minutes.  The space is gorgeous.  Family style is the way to go to try more:Appetizer:Bo Bo Plate (sampling platter of 2 pieces each of: tuna spring rolls, sesame shrimp toast, boneless spareribs, carrot dumplings, Cantonese spring roll)  = great presentation and nice for a first time visit for someone who wants to try everything. The tuna spring rolls were tasty, shrimp toast was super yummy, and the Cantonese spring roll was my favorite.  The others were good but not as impressive. Dinner:Singapore Chili King Crab = loved it!! I think it consists of 1 king crab leg cut up within the shell with lots of flavorBroken Chili Chicken = breaded chicken cutlet in a pool of sweet and little spicy sauce (a little bland for my taste so probably wouldn't get again)Chinese Sausage Fried Rice = on the saltier side but very cool presentation w/ a fried egg on top.  Tastes like a bit like local Hawaiian food. I would get again to eat  w/ a meat dish. Dessert:Crying Chocolate = A MUST!! Great artistic presentation.  Tastes best when you combine all the ingredients!  The jasmine tea ice cream adds to the flavor of the ganache.  Rock Sugar Donuts = light and fluffy sugared donuts with 3 dipping sauces (chocolate, raspberry and egg custard).  This was pretty good and nicely balanced w/ the sauces but I just can't stop thinking about the Crying chocolate. =) If I come back, I will definitely have to make a reservation to sit in the main room with the high ceilings and gorgeous chandeliers.  Waitress was very knowledgeable about the dishes and very attentive.  If it is crowded, the bar also serves the same menu.Impressive decor, gorgeous food, good service, yum yum yum! I use this place to impress any out of town guests, and it never fails. The decor alone is enough to elicit a gasp of delight when I take Londoners in. It's done on a massive scale with lots of different rooms (I always ask for a table in the main dining room which has huge chandeliers and a very long communal table, or the red Chinese room at the back, which is opulence personified).  I also try to get a drink in the bar before going through - it's very sexy and their cocktails are amazing. My personal favourite is the 'Fever', although I may be in the minority as it contains jalapenos..! So, on to the main course - the food. It is, in my humble opinion, superb. I often focus on getting more appetisers than entrees/mains, because I love sharing lots of little dishes. Not that any of the dishes here are little actually! The highlights for me are the edamame dumplings (they taste like 'green'!), lobster egg rolls (crispy on the outside, sweet on the inside), tuna tartare spring rolls (so simple, but divine!) and the crispy calamari salad. I also love the lobster fried rice, black cod and the short ribs. Be careful not to order too much - the portions are on the large side and everything looks so good that it's easy to get carried away and order a mountain. The staff are usually great at recommendations and gently suggesting that perhaps you don't need 24 dishes between three of you... The service is elegant and thoughtful, never hurried and always warm and friendly. Yes, this place is quite pricey if you go overboard with the number of dishes and drinks, but honestly, like L'Oreal says... you're worth it!Arrived here at 6pm on a Saturday night with my wife and another couple.  We did not make a reservation beforehand and they were full according to the hostess but we were able to put a couple of small tables together in the lounge where the entire menu is available and were seated immediately.  Our server was quick, efficient and knowledgable.  We had lobster fried rice, hoisin glazed pork belly, scallion pancakes and Kung Pao monkfish.  All of our dishes were tasty but the scallion pancakes wouldn't be ordered again if we went back.  Overall good service, tasty food and a very nice interior.  I would definitely go back and also recommend to others.Though I'm the self-proclaimed hater of fusion food, I was really pleasantly surprised by my experience here.  I was here with a large group for my friend's bachelorette party.  They made us wait until the entire party arrived before we could sit, but they didn't threaten to give our seats away even though by the time we all arrived it was well past our reservation time.The service was good, except the waiter suggested we order waaayyy more food than we were comfortable with.  Good thing we ignored him.  We let everyone at the table order a dish, and it was more than enough for us...  We were all STUFFED at the end.  And at the end, the food and drinks only ran us $40 per person.  A complete steal!  I was expecting to pay at least $20 more.Favorites of mine included the edamame dumplings, calamari salad, short rib, and black cod.THE MOST wonderful place!! I LOVED everything about it! from the drinks to the decor and the YUMMY YUMMY FOOD! My best friend and I visited NY and of course had to try this place out after all it WAS in Sex and the City! LOL I can't even say anything bad about it, service was nice, sophisticated crowd, the Food was impeccable!I only wish they opened one on the West Coast!I've always been very skeptical of high end Chinese food, having been brought up with authentic home cooking and Flushing in my backyard.  And I've been disappointed a couple of times (Tao).  However, this was quite possible one of the best meals in my life.charmdungeness crab sticky ricechow funshanghainese chickenSO FREAKING GOOD. i die.  And my picky parents, who sampled the left overs I brought home, agree.The decor and ambiance is gorgeous, our waiter was knowledgeable and an absolute delight.  And how they folded your napkin for you when you went to the restroom was a cute touch.Great atmosphere for Asian fusion. This place is popping on a Saturday night. Definitely should make reservations. Prices are on the high side and portions are not the 'family style' that I'm used to in authentic Chinese restaurants but it was still good! Every entree and appetizer were delicious.My favs:Shrimp and Lobster Chow FunFive Spice ChickenPeanut Butter Bar (dessert)Chocolate cake w/ Jasmin Ice CreamThe desserts were innovative, delicious and out of this world. Go light on the mains and make sure you leave room for dessert.My friends and I went there on Friday. We made an reservation at 10:30pm.It was a little bit crowded at the entrance.Many people were in front of the bar and tried to get the drink.Coat check is free. (But don't forget to tip them when you get your coat.)We got a big table on the first floor(we have 10 ppl.)The music was a little bit loud, but it's okay for me.We ordered the special drink from the menu. Such as Charm and Fever.Also we order bottle of Chardonnay and Rose.The entrees were really good. And the desserts really took my breath away!So pretty and tasty!Everything was so right!  I was surprised when I got the bill.Because the price was much cheaper than I thought!Definitely I'm going back soon.Food is "ok", but it is a wanna be up-scale restaurant. It is simple. If you order appetizers and a main course the appetizers come before the main course. Also there should be no discussion when you send back appetizers while your are eating the main course.... this is a NO GO.In a nutshell, Buddakan is a restaurant that has good food and a better vibe. It's really more of an audiovisual than culinary experience, The food does not disappoint;  It just doesnt quite match the "oomph" of the architecture and interior design. Located conveniently next to Chelsea Market, Buddakan is a visual experience that is hard to describe. At first, it seems like you enter a hotel lobby, but once you make it past the bar, that's when you realize how large and stunning the place really is. Gorgeous chandeliers adorn the dining room that blends a medieval setting with industrial and oriental undertones. The rest of the space is really nice and functional too. The food was above good, but not great. I've personally had better Asian Fusion at Vong. However, there were some standouts. The Mongolian lamb chops and charred filet of beef were tender & perfectly cooked. The noodles were a bit greasy for my taste, but not bad. The Taro Puffs lollipops were just okay. Drinks, however, were very tasty. A lot of people complain about the service of Buddakan, but our waiter was really quick and efficient. The place does get ridiculously busy on the weekends, so I suggest going on a weekday to avoid the tourists and excessive B&T crowd. Otherwise, it's the perfect place to take a date or hang out with friends before going out in the area. Buddakan reminds me a lot of Tao, both food and space wise. But, Buddakan gets the higher mark for the flash and overall experience. I just really hope it doesn't get too touristy, but it's inevitable as word of mouth continues to spread. Still worth checking out for sure.Went to Buddakan for dinner last thursday... myself and 2 friends...the place was filled with a lot of "business" looking types, and even though I don't appear that way, it wasn't an issue with our service etc... basically, being 3 rocknroll looking people didn't effect the way we were treated.We had a variety of dishes and everything was very, very good.Some could/would say the food is pricey, but it IS a restaurant in NYC, so you have to accept the business has bills to pay, and with that in mind, you need to pull a profit to stay afloat, so the prices didn't bother me.All in all, I'd highly recommend Buddakan.It is goooooood.Oh, and the waiter gave us free dessert! (we order a lot of food...I guess it was a way of saying thanks).I've read some reviews saying that this place is over-priced, but I disagree. The vibe, decor and quality of food fits the price.We missed the front door because it's unlabeled, however it was massive. The service was great. Our server was very polite and friendly. Most of the crowd was dressed up pretty nicely and fashionable (black was a popular color).Notable and must-have dishes are the edamame dumplings and scallion pancakes. The edamame dumplings were so smooth on the inside. The edamame must be pureed w/ garlic or something. The scallion pancakes were crunchy and were topped with beef short rib on top. I wish we had more of it!Dishes you should pass on are the hoisin glazed pork belly (sorry, but Ippudo has the best pork belly buns in town) and chili rock shrimp. The chili rock shrimp is not up the same level as the other dishes we had. The spiciness added a nice kick to it, but it just had no flavor other than that.I really can't wait to come back to Buddakan to try the other items on the menu!Overall enjoyed everything from start to finish, would defiantly come back. Was told everything was "family size" but if your a person who can eat, I would suggest ordering 2-3 appetizers, since they were somewhat small.  Appetizers, The general tso's dumplings were amazing, the scallion pancakes combined with the sauce that came with the lobster egg rolls(which were great) was a delight. The boneless spare ribs were tender and tasty. Main course, The Char Siu Roast Pork, was tender and full of flavor went great with the moo shu panckes(kind of like a taco) favorite main course. The Black Pepper Beef was tender, with great pepper flavor, great tasting steak. Dessert:Almond Bread pudding, was amazing, every bite was heaven, the warm feeling matched with the bananas and vanilla ice cream, wish I had some right now, defiantly worth getting.Came here for my 2 year anniversary, it was so crowded upstairs so i though it wasn't going to be romantic, when we got downstairs, it was so quite, and the vibe was nice...Still looking for the Sauvignon blanc that we had that night! The crab rice was so yummy, as surprising as t may seem, all the food was filling, not too much, but enough. Great wine selection.  I enjoyed myself so much...It's crazy I reviewed this place 2 years ago, but my review was under some random place in Williamsburg with almost the same amount of reviews as Buddakan.  Gonna make sure it's real and not stealing.  Because I have never been there, but they had my review!Anyway this place is a must go!Buddakan is truly Asian fusion done right; there is none of that P.F. Chang's nonsense to be found here.We started with the edamame dumplings; this was by far the most unique dumplings I've ever tasted and it tasted rather delicious. We had short ribs, lamb, pork belly, fried rice, and many more. The food comes for family style dining, and each one was so delicious that we couldn't wait for the next one to come. The presentation of the food is also quite beautiful.We also ordered a bottle of wine, and surprisingly we walked out having spent less than $40 per person. That is unbelievable given the caliber of this place. I'd definitely recommend it for a special occasion or a date. The ambiance is beautiful and the service is great.I've been back here nearly ten times since I've been in New York, and I've never walked out disappointed.Wow. The decor, the food, the experience.I have been here three times (so far) and each time the experience has gotten better.The first time we came here was with my family and my (now) ex's family. It was our first big family meal. Of course, my ex was throwing a tantrum of some sort because he had a cold and actually had to have his mommy hug him and give him tissues (yes, he was a man of 25) so it spoiled the experience some. Regardless, we ordered some great dishes and drinks and had a wonderful time.The second time, I had a gift card so my sister and I came to indulge ourselves and boy oh boy did we. We got a couple bottles of G (?) sake to go with our soup dumplings, edamame dumplings, dungeness crab fried rice, lobster and a few more dishes I can't recall. All of this was INCREDIBLE. My favorites were the edamame dumplings and the crab fried rice. They were beyond.The third time, I came on a team work dinner so we really balled out with a very large tasting menu. This time (and finally!!) I got to sit in the grand hall (where they filmed the SATC movie rehearsal dinner). It's beyond stunning and extravagant. Food was wonderful and we really stuffed ourselves.I am planning to go back soon with another gift card (lucky me :) to stuff my face with all the delicious food!Be prepared to fork up $$$ and also dress up, it's NYC meatpacking which means heels for cobblestone streests as ridiculous as that sounds.Although the outside of this Chelsea restaurant isn't as noticeable, the inside of Buddakan is massive.  Upon entrance of Buddakan, you can tell you are at a New York restaurant with its dark, hip and zen-like vibe, but the ample space makes you think otherwise.  Dishes tried include lobster fried rice, edamame dumpling, tuna tartare, and a few less memorable items.  The food was good as an Asian fusion restaurant, but the scene and vibe is what drives many people here.  Buddakan is inviting (with a cost), cosmopolitan and is a place where you go to notice no one else but your  own party (also because it's so freaking dark inside).Checking into Buddakan is like checking into a five start hotel, with over five girls at the counter ready to check you in, take your coats and escort you to the bar while your table is being readied.The ambiance is amazing, you feel like you are walking into a action thriller movie, where you expect actors to jump off the balcony and swing on the massive chandeliers.  WOW is all i have to say about the  massive space which has been very appointed in the trendiest of furnishings.The lobster egg rolls were crispy and steaming hot, the Rock shrimp was creamy and savory, but the tea infused chicken with baby bok choy and crab fried rice were an explosion of flavors that will take to a place you never want to leave.The cauliflower kimchi was fiery, the mushroom chow fun was calm but sassy and the New York Strip with a soy glaze was like Saigon and NYC going at in your mouth!The food, the ambiance, the attitude - worth every Benjamin.This has to be one of my all time favorite restaurants. I don't care what you say--- Buddakan stands out from Asian-fusion-bada-bada-bing restaurants.  The food phaken delicious!What you have to order:Soup dumplingsEdemame DumplingsMushroom NoodlesMISO CODEVERYTHINGGGGGGOk so here is the story with this place, the decor is beautiful, the rooms are gorgeous and well thought out, kudos to the interior designers.The people are attractive, it is very "sceney"/people are somewhat arrogant here....but I will take that when the crowd looks that great.The food here was the major issue. Things came out lukewarm that should have been hot, like the fillet, the sauce was great etc, presentation stunning, but the actual meat was room temperature, it ruined it. Thing after thing was like that, these beef pancakes, also sort of room temperature, the ahi tuna spring rolls, not really hot or cold, could have been either, but not eh.Every other thing was off in terms of temperature, it makes it impossible to enjoy it. On top of that our waiter dropped 3 things around us and spilled a bit of our bottle of champagne, I'm sorry but if I'm paying $150 per person for dinner, spilling food/temperature of food should not be an issue.I really wanted to like this place, everything was just a bit lackluster in terms of the the food/service.This is a classic example of when a restaurant forgets what it is and loses control of food, not ok.It's been a while since I've been to Buddakan, actually, it's time for me to make my rounds to Buddakan again, because I like this place.  It's really nice, and you don't necessarily have to wait for a table or make a reservation.  There is an area in the front of the restaurant (the bar area) where it's much easier to get a table, or just have a drink at the bar.  Last time I came I had a mixed specialty drink and the noodles with mushrooms.  Actually, the noodles came out to be a much bigger portion than what I expected.  The music is nice, the ambiance is nice, and the food is good, will be there again soon.I came here for the third time last night.  One trend I am noticing about this place is that they do not necessarily honor reservations (unapologetically, I might add).  For example, if you have a 9pm reservation do not expect to be seated promptly upon arrival.  Instead, expected to be penned up in the noisy and overcrowded bar area.  That being said, the service has always been professional and friendly once you are seated.  The food is flavored nicely for the most part.  Highlights from our meal were the peanut udon noodles with lime sorbet (literally wanted to drink the sauce) and the peanut butter bar we had for dessert.  I would not, however, recommend the vegetable with thousand layer tofu dish.  The tofu was flavorless and the vegetables were run of the mill stir fry.I'm not about to argue that you can't find better food for the price.  It's pretty solid asian fusion, but not incredible.  What sets this place apart is the atmosphere.  Between the renaissance painting tapestries, candy colored wooden window fixtures, and taxidermy birds on the walls, you half expect a Quentin Tarentino fight scene to break out in the middle of your meal.  And the giant wooden chandeliers in the banquet room - AWESOME!!!With that said, I did eat a few things there that warrant mentioning.  The clay pot duck was quite delicious, as were the edamame dumplings and tuna tartare.  I also got this dessert that was like a high-brow cider doughnut with ice cream.  Delicious.This was Buddakan's chance to redeem itself after our horrible customer service experience last December, and I'm happy to report that they did a wonderful job. We started with lobster egg rolls with a sweet chili sauce, and spare ribs that came with Chinese mustard. Both were excellent. The meat was tender and so flavorful. I think we'll be trying to recreate some of this at home soon because those combinations were so good. My boyfriend had the very flavorful Shacha Chicken, and I had the Steamed Sole for dinner. Both were great. The sole had a very delicate, subtle flavor and the texture was light. I enjoyed a bite of the chicken too, and it was dripping in it's own savory goodness. We got a side of char-grilled asparagus with a black bean foam (how trendy) and that was garlicky and delicious. Dessert was a weeping molten chocolate cake with jasmine tea infused ice cream. We waddled out of the restaurant, happily sated.One of the best parts of this experience other than the great food was our server, Sam. He was super professional, while being warm and friendly. He was particular about making sure the kitchen got us our food exactly as we would have wanted it, and in a timely manner. We were paying with a gift letter, so he may not have been expecting a tip on the whole price of the meal, but he gave top notch service anyway. We were pleased to make sure he was compensated in excess of what the full price of the meal would have been. His service and additional effort to ensure our good experience did not go unnoticed or unappreciated. Thanks!I went back to buddakan after a very long time and it wasn't as good as I remembered it, as is always the case. I think the mega Asian fusion restaurant is a bit old fashioned but the decor of Buddakan is still amazing. The wait staff was really nice and helpful, and other staff were very well trained and coordinated. The menu is very organized and focused.  Three of us decided to order a number of appetizers and share one entree. We had Edams dumpling (yummy), lobster egg rolls (OK), Hanan beef bao buns (yummy), taro puff lollipops (yummy), tuna spring rolls (good), sugar snap peas (ok), and short ribs (yummy). I think all dishes are very interesting and tasty and really couldn't go wrong with any dishes. I liked the cocktails, but they now only have a short list of cocktails and I think ones at Tao are much better. To me the food and ambiance is comparable to Tao, but I like the service at Buddakan is better. For cocktails, definitely Tao."The restaurant where Carrie and Big did something or another.""The restaurant where that guy from Top Chef works." This place lives up to its reputation.  Our party arrived a little early for our 8:45 reservation so we waited in the bar area to be seated.  I got the Solid which is a cocktail with Bourbon and a yummy mix of orange and ginger.  My dinner mates got other drinks but I think mine was the best (one of them was too sweet for my taste and the other one tasted like Christmas).Once seated, we ordered 2 apps (Pork Belly and Edamame Dumplings) and 3 entrees (Chinese Sausage Fried Rice, Broken Chili Chicken, and Filet of Beef).  My favorites were the appetizers.  The pork belly was sweet and savory wrapped in fluffy steamed buns.  It reminded me of wedding banquets at the best Chinese restaurants in San Francisco (where they actually have good Chinese food).  The edamame dumplings were a pleasant surprise for me because I wasn't sure what to expect.  How does one make a dumpling out of legumes?  Well, you puree it with garlic and wrap it in translucent wrappers.  Surprise!  Magic in your mouth! Next to the apps, the entrees were kind of a letdown.  The fried rice was kind of dry and the egg on top was not quite as runny as I would like.  The beef was cooed well-done (not the restaurant's fault -- one diner does not eat bloody meat) but was well seasoned and came with a great sauce.  The chicken was kind of ordinary -- deep fried and plopped in what looked like a bottled sweet and spicy sauce.  Not bad but not great.  Dessert was another 3 courses.  We ordered the Crying Chocolate, Rock Sugar Doughnuts, and the waitress suggested the Almond Bread Pudding.  My favorite part was actually the jasmine ice cream that the Crying Chocolate but the rest of it was all pretty good too.  Like it says in my profile, I'm secretly not that into dessert.I gave the place 5 stars because the dining experience was great overall.  It was comfortable, lively, with memorable food and drinks.  In fact, I wish they delivered so I could order mountains of those dumplings.  Yum.Seriously.  Get the dumplings.So this place reminds me of a very exclusive and trendy club.  You walk in, there are about 4-5 host/hostesses behind a counter (sort of like a hotel counter) and they are taking your checkins and coats and such.  Right in front of that is the bar/lounge area.  Also very cool.Once they confirm your reservation, the host/hostess comes and gets you in the lounge area to take you to your dining table.Once you walk through the lounge, you walk in to a atrium like open space where there are huge chandeliers and tables.  Also outside of this main atrium like area is another dining area that wraps around the main room. I have to warn people... its very dark...Now for the food.We came early and didnt have alot of food.  We ordered:Edamame Dumplings - Very good!  Skin was cooked well and the edamame paste inside was also very light and sort of buttery.Vegetable with 1000 Layer Tofu - Vegetables were good.  Sort of like fried vegies that you can get at most good Chinese restaurants.Singapore Chili King Crab - This would be a hit or miss for some... It was definately fresh, spicy and good.  But I didnt find anything special with it...Kung Pao Monkfish - WOW.  Freakin loved this dish.  Well fried, spicy and tasty.  Best dish by far.We didnt have any desserts because we were going to a dessert bar after.Overall its definately a place I would come back to.  Its very trendy and cool enough to bring out of towners and wow them.  The food is also good enough to keep coming back for more.  I am definately a fan.LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE! That's 5 loves! Buddakan has it all--just make sure you have a reservation and you make it a couple weeks in advance for prime time seating :) The ambiance is HOT-- you walk into a great hall with oak covered walls and everything has the touch of Chinese antiquity. You feel like you are in the mansion of a Hong Kong billionaire. I think Buddakan is such an afrodisiac...eek! The food and the ambiance paired together just work. OK, OK--now to the food. I have had 2 different experiences at Buddakan--one was for a political fundraiser in the banquet room where the lighting is dim, the conversation plentiful, and service was super snappy. On Thursday, this place is a great singles scene for drinks in the bar area. No reservation required, just walk into the bar and be seated. You can order anything off the menu in the bar, so if you can't snag a regular reservation, the bar is a great bet.The food is not mind blowing or great, but I really like the atmosphere and decor of Buddakan.  Seems a lot more fun for groups though, than for couples.  All the group tables in the back and downstairs on the main floor seemed like the place to be. Since it was just me and the lady, we got a regular table for 2 along the side/rail overlooking the long group table downstairs.  Wasn't too thrilled with our table location, but whatever I just hope the food is good.  Our waiter and the staff were very nice and efficient, unlike the front desk of airheads.  We didn't wanna get too full so we didn't load too much on appetizers or dim sum.  We just got the Sea Bass Rolls (nothing impressive) and General Tso Dumplings (big mistake).  Wish it was pork dumplings, but didn't see any on the menu.  Shoulda went with the waiter's suggestions of Edamame Dumplings.   We then got the Charred Filet of Beef with wonton potatoes and the Lobster.  The beef was really tasty, only wish there were more pieces though.   Didn't know "wonton potatoes" meant Lay's Potato Chips - original flavor.  That was a jip.  I liked the vegetable dishes the most.  We got the wok water spinach and the snow peas w/ mushrooms.  Very good.  I'd def. go back with a large group and share multiple dishes and to drink.  I wouldn't go back for a table for 2 cause you can't really try all the dishes with just 2.   We left still hungry.Amazing experience all the way around. Appetizers, Entrees, Dessert, Service, & Atmosphere were excellent. Hoping my next visit doesn't damage my first impression.Fellow NFL football player Dustin Keller recommended this place to me, and let me start off by saying this isn't really my kind of food, im more of a steakhouse kind of guy, but this place is truly amazing. If you're looking for a visually stunning place to eat, a place with culinary vision and a obviously inspired chef, go here.The food was simply amazing, everything about it, taste, freshness, presentation, it was delicious.If Adrian Peterson loves it, you better.As you first step in, minus the amazing decor I have to start off my review with how IMPECCABLE the service is. Practically everywhere I go no matter how my boyfriend and I are dressed, how we act or even how much we pay there are so many places that are completely rude and disregard our presence due to our age. With that being said never ONCE did I feel like the hosts/hostesses, waiters/waitresses or ANYONE at Buddakan treat us in a condescending manner. From the second we stepped in, to the second we stepped out they took care of us through and through. It was honestly some of the best customer service I've ever received and that alone gives the restaurant five stars.Aside from that, the food was and is absolutely amazing and that will just solidify my five star rating for this restaurant. Here are a list of items we ate collectively between my boyfriend and I.Appetizers:-Edamame Dumplings (Easily a new favorite dish!)-Lobster Egg Roll (Nothing too surprising but none the less good)-Boneless Spare Ribs w/ Chinese mustard sauce (The flavors were great but the meat could have been warmed up a tad more)Entrees:-Alaskan Cod (AMAZING!!)-Some kind of beef with the Chinese mustard sauce and a special kind of gravy (Delicious)-Dungeness Crab sticky rice (Great last entree)Dessert:Bread Pudding (And an amazing way to end the meal!)Also since we are not of age to drink, they did whip me up two different kinds of mocktails which were also delicious and a bonus just because the waitress was so sweet and accommodating :)Was Buddakan worth all the hype and did it live up to my expectations?ABOVE & BEYOND.I hardly like to repeat things twice once I've already tried them unless I genuinely honestly devoutly love it therefore Buddakan will be my New York staple every time I come back.Of course we made reservations and of course we weren't seated right away, but the wait was a little on the "well what was the point of making reservations" end as we waited a good half hour before being escorted to our table. I got a little drink called "charm" [passionfruit liqueur, apple, fresh berries, prosecco] in the mean time. I figured I was gonna need it if we had to wait any more.Besides the wait, the service was superb. The hostess even carried our drinks for us from the bar to our table. I was never out of water for more than a minute unless my water thiefing best friend was drinking it all. When the order was placed, everything came out in a timely and orderly fashion.Everything we ordered was absolutely delicious:sizzling beef short ribslobster fried ricechinese sausage w/ egg fried ricewild mushroom noodlesstir fried cauliflowercharred asparaguswild mushroom chow funedamame dumplingsmushroom siu meicarrot dumplingslobster eggrollsseven treasures parfaitcrying chocolate malt with jasmine ice creamEdamame dumplings, where have you been all my life?! These perfectly puréed soybeans packed into little white pouches of green gold have you strung up for days, for months... forever or until you have them once again. All but the 'thousand layered tofu and vegetables' as it was more like 3 layers and so unimpressively mediocre that we were all cracking thousand-layer-tofu jokes around the table by the end of the night. Our waiter came over to give praise to our, and he put it, "schmorgasborg of food." Even our communal table neighbors were commenting that they seem to have been dining with the wrong party all along.Now the interior/ exterior design screams swanky from top to bottom--ridiculously tall ceilings, chandeliers, candle light, Renaissancesque feel, romantic and intimate--luckily, the prices aren't quite as swanky as you would think. With everything we ordered, including drinks and tip, it probably totaled a mere 260$. They have dishes for as low as 10$ and as high as 44$ but nothing too crazy. Small list of beers/ wines/ cocktails which can get pricey , but again you can still get something for 12$. I highly recommend for dates or group dining, the atmosphere is fitting for either.FOOD [10] which like I said, mostly everything is pretty tasty, but I would give this rating based on the edamame dumplings aloneSERVICE [7] because that kinda wait WITH reservations equates furrowed brows and a less charming audienceAMBIENCE [9] tall, dark and mysteriously handsome is what this place feels like.Edamame dumplings were nothing special, actually nothing was special. General tso soup dumplings were vastly inferior to the ones at Prosperity Dumpling in Chinatown.Finally made to buddakan the other day. Personally absolutely love it. Huge sex and the city fan that probably explain why I liked the place.Overall food experience was excellent, however there is one thing we shouldn't have orderLobster Fried Rice ( its so NOT worth it, I could get this dish in chinatown for like 5$)I was surprised when the check came, i thought we spent much more than that. Very reasonable price for appetizers+ main dishes+ drink + dessert($60)Highly recommend for people who's loves the modern decor, if you are sex and city fan that definitely helps.I got the softshell crabs along with the lobster fied rice, both were pretty spectacular. They have really good cocktails also. I got the spicy one and loved it.For an indescribable Asian food experience you need to go to Buddakan. The food is out of control...superior to any Asian food I have had before. The service has always been top notch; the wait staff take pride in their knowledge of the menu. Items I have tried:- Edamame Dumplings- Hunan Beef Bao Buns- Shaken Chili Beef Tartare- Scallion Pancakes (if you don't get these you are making a HUGE mistake)- Pepper Steak Chow Fun- Vegetable Rice- Asian Green Stir Fry (my second favorite item on the menu)- Szechuan Crusted Ribeye- Charred Filet of Beef- Glazed Alaskan Black Cod- Sweet & Sour ChickenIt is hard to go wrong at Buddakan. The atmosphere is so chic and you will want to dress up for the occasion. I find it best to go with four or more people - it conducive to sharing!!! If you are only here for a day or two I would put this on the list for dinner!I can finally confirm all of the high ratings you see for Buddakan. They are well deserved! I hosted a party for 12 people last night and the dinner was great!The only glitch in the experience was with the time it took to check and retrieve our coats (and well, frankly, to be seated), but otherwise a rather flawless occasion.Upon sitting and selecting our wines, we were promptly brought our courses. What helps Buddakan shine is its quality of service. There was never an empty wine or water glass; plates were refilled as we finished dishes, and we were given enough time to relax and enjoy each others' company between courses.  A very well managed process.For those interested, here were the highlights:- Edamame dumplings- Udon noodles- Spring rolls- Chicken dumplings- Calamari salad- Black cod°°° so good!!- Chili chicken°°° especially good!!- Short ribs- Chocolate and pastries (a corn muffin with raspberry and vanilla paste)Been to Buddakan with a couple from out of town.The place was packed with wanna be's, girls with cleavages that would make any plastic surgeon feel that he/she was in heaven as they needed urgent repair... gross.The stars go to the decor, beautiful, but that is it. Food is not fantastic, pushy waiter that kept saying that we haven't ordered enough food (we actually left food on our plates....).Drinks are good.Good to impress not so demanding tourists...My fiance and I attended a birthday dinner at Buddakan this past weekend.  We were so impressed with the service and quality of food, as well as the ambiance.  Because we had such a large party, we were treated with a pre-fix menu, where the waiters brought out family-styled portions of the dishes on the pre-fixe menu.  Everything we sampled was extremely delicious.  My favorite appetizers included the shrimp and chicken eggrolls, along with the lime sorbet oudon noodles.  For the entrees, I particularly liked the chili chicken and pork shoulder.  Being from the South, I am very particular about eating pork, but Buddakan prepared this pork so that it was extremely tender and practically fell apart/dissolved on your tongue.  Delicious!!!From the drink menu, I had a few tranquilities.  This is an extremely refreshing beverage that you can sip on throughout dinner.  For dessert, Buddakan provided a delicious red velvet cake, along with some gelato/warm mousse cake as well.  Everything we sampled was extremely delicious.  For us, being able to celebrate a friend's birthday at a table of 19 people in NYC with delicious food, drink, and ambiance is fantastic.  Buddakan definitely takes the cake on that!I'm a big fan of Asian fusion and was overall very happy with Buddakan.  I had the concierge of my hotel make the reservation and there was a bit of confusion as to the time of our reservation.  We thought it was for 7 but when we got there they told us the reservation was for 645.  I was worried, but we were still seated within five minutes of arriving. To start, we got the General Tso's dumplings.  They're soup dumplings and excellent, but not as good as the Joe's Shanghai's in my opinion (although both restaurants are completely different and not really comparable).For entrees we got the crab sticky rice which was excellent (I'm no rice connoisseur, but my friend was and rated it pretty high).  The sugar snap peas were really good (and the mushrooms they were cooked in may have been better).   The main dish was the whole Peking duck.  It comes with cucumbers, hoisin sauce, scallions and the pancake's like you'd get with mu shu pork.  The duck was great.  Juicy and with crispy delicious skin.  The hoisin sauce was excellent (not too sweet, which can bother me).  I'd also like to say that our waiter was really good.  He gave good recommendations and explained why he liked certain dishes and which were the most popular.Fantastic food, drinks/sake was great. My first time in NYC and I will tell my friends to come back here againThe duck was outstandingThe appetizers were greatThe decor was awesome. Overall a great place to go.Impressive space, and a great cocktail (the tranquility - citrus vodka infused with lemongrass and oolong tea).Spectacular food.  The steamed red snapper with lotus blossoms is absolutely divine.So why two stars?  Because, "Meh, I've experienced better."Host staff:  Disorganized.  I was with a party of 8 - all of them had arrived, but when they took me to our table (in a lovely location downstairs), no one was there, so the hostess escorted me back up to the bar and left me there.  My friends were seated 25 feet away, but I couldn't see them because it was so dark (and my eyesight is still very good, mind you).  Then, when we were told the staff was ready to take us to our table, the table they took me to originally was occupied, and they shoved us at a table far too small for 8 people in the corner of the back room of the restaurant.Wait staff:  Apathetic.  We also had one particularly finicky diner.  Instead of offering suggestions when they couldn't provide what she wanted, the server simply said "No, we can't do that," or, "No, we don't do that."  Offer a suggestion.Delivery/speed:  We were given several notices that food would not arrive at the same time.  Fine by me.  Our six small plates took 45 minutes total to arrive.  30 minutes after that, no main dishes had arrived, and our server did not visit the table during that time.  Until a friend happened to find the manager not doing anything and asked him what was going on did we even get any main entrees delivered to our table.  Maybe it was because we were in the corner and they forgot we were there because they couldn't see us?Even though the food was wonderful, I won't be back.  I would recommend, though, having drinks at the bar (the bar staff was great), and maybe a small plate there.  The food really is the star here, but the people just don't have it together.I can't believe I haven't written a review on this place!  I would recommend making reservations a month in advance if you have a party of 6 or more - every time I call - they seem to book up fast.  Price-wise, this isn't so bad.  I think a dinner here, with an appetizer and a few entrees, drinks and dessert, split between a few friends, runs you at about $30-$40.  The atmosphere is really trendy.  It might be a bit too over the top for a first date, but I usually come here for a long-over due catch up dinner with girlfriends. The food is excellent.  The crying chocolate dessert is DELICIOUS.  I usually order a noodle and a meat dish, along with dumplings (careful, these squirt ;) )...HOM NOM! I would probably go back if I had out of town guests and I wanted to take them to something "sex and the city-ish"...i.e. a trendy place (and has happened to be featured in SATC!)This place is such a "scene" that I can barely stand it. I felt old and dumpy as I stood at the bar waiting for a drink, cursing myself for not wearing higher heels and skimpier clothing. As we waited, a highly trained, no-nonsense battalion of hosts and hostesses weaved their way in and out of waiting guests while jotting notes on official looking clipboards. All attempts to befriend or humor them were met with an icy reception. Those people mean business. Finally, we sat and were greeted by a sweet but efficient waiter (just my type). The food started coming and I slipped into a momentary trance. Everything was soooo good. We had duck flautas and lobster rolls and sea bass and a bunch of other things that I can't remember at the moment. Honestly, really amazing food. I kind of wanted to hate this place for its pretentiousness, but it was impossible. The food was divine. And the space itself- totally gorgeous.This might be my most favorite restaurant in all of NYC, maybe even within the US (yeah, I just went there). I was here earlier this year for  my second visit to Buddakan and still crave my meal on a weekly basis. Everything from the ambiance, to the food, to the service is perfection. Definitely make a reservation. Upon entrance, you check in at the front reception and make your way up a few steps to the bar/waiting area, where you will give your name to a lady with a list. Even if you have a reservation, be ready to wait a bit while you enjoy a drink or two and take in the upbeat yet intimate bar scene until one of the hostesses comes by to take you to your table. Food - each dish we tried was creatively prepared and life-changing.  Items you must get: edamame dumplings, szechuan pork dumplings, chili rock shrimp (though it's slightly on the salty side), dungeness crab sticky rice and the garlic lobster. Accompanied by a black bottle of the G sake and you're good to go. Decor - the space is massive and gorgeously  adorned. The street level makes up the top floor, which  -- through large, colorful gated windows -- overlooks a  colossal 2-story dining hall. I've only ever sat on the top floor, but the bottom level looks fun, with a giant dining room table in the middle (SATC movie, anyone?).  The theme is contemporary Asian, so think modern hardwood floors, slate, clean lines, and vibrant colors as far as the interior design. The service is excellent and the vibe is typically New York but not in the obnoxious way. Also, important to note (so you don't make the same mistake I did... twice): they only serve their sake chilled (not hot), which I was initially disappointed by but quickly got over. Overall, dining experiences do not get much better than this.Buddakan was quite the experience.  The ambiance and decor deserve 5 stars-this place is huge, beautiful, and you can't help but feel super trendy when dining here.  The food was very good, don't get me wrong, but I think if you took away the surroundings, the fare would probably come in around average for me.What we ate:*Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly:  My favorite dish of the night.  Tender pork belly with a delicious sauce and doughy steamed buns-I wish I didn't have to share this one!*General Tso's Dumplings:  Good, but nothing out of this world.  They're dumplings, with a pretty good sauce, nothing more.*Chili Rock Shrimp:  My second favorite dish of the night.  Delicious, perfectly cooked shrimp with a little breading and a delicious sauce with just a hint of spice.  Loved!*Lobster Fried Rice:  Good, but if you're ordering this because it is "Lobster" fried rice, skip it and try a different variety.  Just your average fried rice with a few chunks of lobster here and there, IMHO.*Vegetables with 1000-layer Tofu:  My third favorite dish of the night and also well loved by my meat-loving companions.  Note:  the server will probably tell you this but this is not tofu like you usually think of it.  This is the top "skin" layer of tofu that is fried and then eaten with the vegetables in steamed buns like a little sandwich.*Sizzling Short Rib:  Delicious, tender, what's not to love about a great melt-in-your-mouth piece of meat.*Tempura Fried Soft Shell Crab:  I really wish we didn't order this.  I was expecting big chunks of crab fried in yummy tempura.  What we got was a whole crab on a plate.  I don't like working very hard for my meal at a restaurant like this and I can say that we were all thoroughly disappointed-maybe we weren't  refined enough to appreciate it-whatever it was, this was our least favorite dish.*Apple Cider Doughnuts:  Yummmmmmmm!  These doughnuts were delicoius and I could eat a whole lot of them!  I wasn't a huge fan of the creme fraiche ice cream that came with it (I'm just not a huge creme fraiche fan in general), but it didn't even matter because the doughnuts were awesome!I've been here for all types of dinners, ranging from regular I'm-starving-let's-eat-anything-dinners and happy-birthday-let's-celebrate dinners.The prices are probably more suited for celebration dinners...This place is upscale Chinese asian at its finest. You know that $3 dimsum you can get in Chinatown? You will be paying $14 for the same exact dish at Buddakan. But you know what? The $11 difference pays for the ambiance you're getting. And the fact that your food is probably exponentially cleaner.FOOD REC'S - In my humble opinion you can't go wrong with ANY of the seafood dishes. I love the the hot and sour scallops and Cantonese lobster.Cocktails are delicious. The prices are actually reasonable ($12-$13), considering that most speakeasies charge more for the same type of drinks.PS. I think this is the perfect dinner date spot!Buddakan was over-the-top extravagantly trendy for sure.  The food was pretty good, the wine was pretty good.  I happened to have dinner here, unexpectedly, and I would say that this is the kind of place that you need to be mentally prepared to know that you're going to go to.It was beautifully extravagant, and since I was a little unprepared for it all, took me a few minutes to digest it and feel comfortable there. Glad to have had good company and conversation.I wish I could tell you more about the food, but I really feel like the ambiance stole the thunder so much that I couldn't really focus on much else. Just found out that this is where Carrie & Big had their engagement dinner party in the Sex & the City movie. The extravagance finally makes sense. :)Let's play a fun game: any guesses on how many times I used the word "extravagant" in just this review?This place is really a B but the decor gives it a B+.Made reservations day of on a weekday for 10 pm for 4 people. Decided to get there early, just in case....And lo and behold i got  table at 9:30 pm!  Our waiter told us he had "been there from the beginning" and proceded to inform us we would need to order AT LEAST 3 dimsum dishes, 3 main courses, and a noodle and rice dish. Um, okay.... I'm not a pig....He was kind of snooty but whatever. Kind of to be expected considering...The food was a B. I'm Chinese and the food is hip Chinese if you will.... Definetly not authetic so don't expect that. It's a white people place. But the atmosphere is great and if you have someone willing to shell out for you then this is the place to go. Notables: the steak and chinese sausage fried riceWhy haven't I returned to this restaurant? I came here with bunch of my girlfriends for a bday dinner and it was lovely.  It is exactly what a girl is looking for for a girls night out or a date.  I loved the ambiance here- the whole mysterious lighting, second floor-looking-down-to-first floor thing, the spacious interior, the Buddha decor, etc.  We were seated upstairs, and about 100 camera flashes later, our food arrived to our delight.  It didn't dissappoint. I don't think any dish could go wrong here with the amount of detail they give.I suggest this restaurant for a fancy group dinner.  It's a great place to take visitors and locals alike.4.5I was brought here last weekend, my date was super stoked about the place & his excitement rubbed off on me. Seeing as he is a bit of a culinary snob, I was sure it wouldn't disappoint.We were a half hour late for our reservations & the hostesses were very accomodating, it was very appreciated seeing the crowded bar & full restaurant. We started off with a carafe of sake and were seated within 15 minutes. The beef tartare was a toe-curler and I loved the peach tartine dessert.Dinner was outstanding as well.I loved the decor & the various uses of the cavernous space. We dined downstairs and as I was sayshaying down the ornate steps I had an imagine in my mind of entering that crazy-mask-sex-party scene of  "Eyes Wide Shut" coming down the giant staircase.FUN!You say Steven Starr, I say I'm in. Everything touched by this restaurateur turns to gold and Buddakan is no exception.  When planning our trip to New York, a stop at Buddakan was my only request.  After a short tease years ago in their Philadelphia location I knew I needed more! Well as you can tell from my 5 star review I was not disappointed.  Dark sexy décor, innovate menu and stand out service from our waiter Mike Lo. Some of my favorite items:- Edamame dumplings - not everyone shared my enthusiasm but I thought they    were creamy and delicious- Pork belly - hello!- Crab fried rice - Kung Pao MonkfishThis place rocked. Pretty people everywhere, and all drunker than the next one I mean what else could you want?? The food was great too - order the mabo tofu, seriously. It's freakishly tasty. The appetizer menu is wonderful, in fact i think we made our full meal on just tons of appysCrazy pysco palatial dining room with grand stairways, which by the way is comedy to try to navigate after a few of their signature drink 'Heat'. Don't ask me what the heck was in it all i knows it was like um hi who are you and yes i'm from LA why is this drink warm ooh look shinyyyyy ok luv you bye!Buddakan- sexy, young, dark, loud - much louder and darker than that scene on Sex and the City with Carrie and Big had their rehearsal dinner.I walked in here around 6 pm on a Friday for a friend's birthday. The tall and slim greeters directed me to the rather large lounge where people can wait for their party and order a few drinks.Slowly, our group started to trickle in with one person running late. When we made the issue known to the tall intimidating waiter/usher/bouncer-looking guy, he responded rudely and basically scolded us, the customers, for something that was clearly out of our control. After we were seated in the grand hall, the waitress introduced the two ways of ordering: 1)to order individual dishes and eat family style, or 2) to do a tasting menu which was a bit pricier. We went with the first option.The food: pretty good. We were a group of 10 authentic Chinese people, so you can trust that the food wasn't bad since we had nothing to complain about. But for the same price, you can find better tasting food elsewhere. But we really come to Buddakan for the atmosphere, don't we?The food:~~~Edamame Dumpings: very very creamy, get it if just for the texture. The whole stuffing is made of creamed edamame which looked sort of like wasabi and it has a very mild taste.Lobster Fried Rice: high recommended. Delicious, flavorful, and not at all greasy.Mapo Tofu- not as spicy as I normally like. It comes with a bowl of rice which otherwise costs 4 dollars.If it wasn't for the rude beginning, I would have given this place 4 stars. But to be a customer coming to this place for the first time, on her birthday no less, it was unacceptable.I was skeptical.  Very skeptical of the trendy curse.  You know, the curse where it's uuber hot on the inside...but the food makes you say "meh."Well, Buddakan somehow has missed the dreaded curse.  All the rumours about the ambience and decor are true, one star for you Buddakahn.  The drinks are amazing, another star.  The service and friendliness of the staff are impeccable, another star.  Food....oh, how can I describe the food without droning??  Well, I've eaten all over the world in many, many fine dining establishments...and Buddakan is hands down one of the best.  Boy, you're really racking up the stars from me.  Finally, the price.  Ahhh yes, the price.  I feel like for everything we experienced, it was a runaway bargain.  For two people with 4 drinks, an appetizer sampler, fried rice, and two entrees=$150.  We left stuffed, happy, and entertained.  Next time we're in your hood Buddakan, we WILL meet again for a rematch.We came back after two years with a friend that was visiting. And we found out that the place is worse than ever, it needs to be remodeled asap.I will never be back to this piece tourist trap shit. I am disappointed with the ambiance and specially the food. After waiting 30 minutes in the bar and buying expensive and not that tasty drinks (Tranquility sucks) we were seated at the back salon, which is horrible, it looks like an airport lounge. The decor is dated, you could hear the other group's talking. This place is cougar town version tourist., out of fashion. They ran out of glamour. Sarah Jessica Parker sucked it dry.the food couldn't spicier, and heavier. The next day i went 4 times to the bathroom in 1 hour. My body needed to cleanse after that toxic food. it seemed everything was refrigerated cause each plate we asked for, they bring it to the table one minute after.   From 2 stars to 0. Overrated,  its time for this place to end. The ironic is that Hakkasan (read my review) is much better than Buddakan. It's a shame that Hakkasan is empty.   This kind of places are for a quick drink at the bar and for a quick walk at the location. I will never go back to this crap nor recommend it to anyone else. Skip it.If you want a trendy upscale NYC experience, I'd start at Buddakan. The restaurant is extremely dark but really nice. I think Carrie & Big's engagement party was held here (from SATC the movie)Anywhoo... Came here for dinner and ordered a variety of goodies.-edamame dumplings-szechuan dumplings-pot stickers-hoisin glazed pork belly-- **definitely the favorite of the table!**-tuna tartare -deviled tuna tartare-chili rock shrimp-steamed sea bass-boneless spareribs-charred filet of beef-glazed alaskan black cod-peking duck-lobster fried riceare we fatasses? damn skippy! Everything was delicious. Service was great and the drinks, especially the "Dream" was scrumptious. We even spotted Barbara Streisand there. hahaI was thoroughly satisfied and would definitely return the next time I'm in NYC.Buddakan....This place is huge, definitely worth seeing....Unassuming from the outside, but once you step in, it kinda reminds me of a castle inside. It's definitely one of those sceney places...which I usually am not fond of, but I had an ok time, considering the guy I was with was basically having text sex with a woman he knew across the room, while some other guy was kissing her neck. Classy, no? That band Augustana was eating at the long table in the middle of the room the night I was there. The food was pretty good, I remember really liking the taro puff lollipops. I'd go back in a group for a special occasion, or to take people from out of town (like parents who are willing to pay the bill, haha) because the decor really is amazing...but overall, a little too sceney for me.Situated in the corner of the Chelsea Market building, the space and scale of things is physically impressive. At over 17,000 sq. ft. and with a capacity for over 400 guests, it was not a shy venture.Appropriately, it has been divided into a collection of connecting spaces. There is a bar area with communal tables where diners choose from either a smaller bar menu or the full restaurant menu - which isn't really much more extensive. Numerous other darkly lit rooms host tables, but the main dining area is a sight to behold. In the middle of the entire layout, a doorway opens up to a cavernous room, with tables one floor below and the roof a floor higher than the main level. It is an incredibly ambitious space - complete with giant 40ft table in the centre - but somehow has been worked to conjure up a French-Asian royalty look, with rich maroon and gold colors. Eating downstairs must make one feel like being invited to dine at a palace.The atmosphere inside hums with a casual yet trendy energy, and the crowd is full of good looking, successful types and 'foodies' trying out the latest venture. More importantly, the Asian-inspired menu pulls off some impressively flavorful dishes. We ate at a communal table in the bar area that comfortably sat twelve people, a more relaxed way to dine amongst such regal settings. Notable were the Tuna Tartare dumplings, Lobster Dumplings with truffle soy, and the Sea Bass rolls with ginger. According to our waitress, the pastry chef is "an inspired man" (though she couldn't name him!), but we did not leave space in the end to confirm this. I do sense I will be back though.Overall, Buddakan offers an opulent dining experience and pleasing menu that tries hard to impress as much as the restaurant's presence does. However, you'll probably remember the experience more than the food itself.I have been here 6+ times for dinner and drinks and @ my dear friend Jennifer Y. who says: "the patrons all think they're Paris Hilton socialites when they're all really from the tristate suburbs"- times have changed...This Friday night (I'd usually go on a week day to avoid the B&T crowd but I had international guest with me and this restaurant is a showpiece), there was more than one kid there with a mouthful of braces having dinner with his/her family. After 4+ years of being open, it's gone from trendy to touristy to catch-all?I honestly believe that the key to Buddakan is no expectations. You should go once, just to see the space.  No amount was spared making this restaurant look like a million bucks. If you've been more than once, the experience feels different depending on what table you end up with. Upstairs feels different from downstairs and the "great hall" feels like a special occasion dinner even when it's not. My #1 tip is this, ordering well off this extensive menu is the key to your experience here. You can order the wrong thing and write-off the whole restaurant in one trip.  There are so many ways to go wrong..stay away from the traditional fried stuff like rock shimp and all the other BS dim sum, like scallion pancakes which will be the same as the ones in Chinatown just way more expensive, you can get that stuff anywhere. Here are the some great choices:Edamame Dumplings (steamed)- A++Spiced Tofu and Cashews- A+Whole Peking Duck- AYellowtail Yu Sheng- ABy this point, the staff runs like a well oiled machine and they're not only helpful but knowledgeable as well in case you need some recommendations from the menu or help with the wine list!!!If you're looking for a scene go somewhere else...this restaurant managed to make a smooth transition past being trendy with good food and ambiance, I would call it a classic!Buddakan truly wowed our group of 8! Here's a quick summary of my own little rating system:Food: 5/5Drinks: 5/5NY X Factor (good for tourists): 5/5Ambiance: 5/5Service: 3.5/5Value: 5/5The food was phenomenal! Everything tasted so good! Service prior to our table being seated was great, all the staff were friendly.  I ordered the tranquility cocktail and it was fantastic! I had 2 of these cocktails and one bartender made it better than the other.  As our appetiser we had 3 BO BO plates.  As we were a group of 8, choosing individual appetisers would have been a nightmare so I would recommend this to sample most of the appetisers.  Second time around, I will definitely choose individual appetisers - the boneless ribs were amazing.  Separate to the BOBO we also had edamame dumplings, this had mixed feelings on our table - you either loved them or didn't. For entree we had the following:Peking duck pancakes- 5/5Sizzling Short Ribs - 5/5Charred Fillet of Beef - 4/5Sweet and Crispy Jumbo Shrimp - 5/5Wild Mushroom Chow Fun - 4/5Now, the flaw of this place was the waiter, he was friendly and patient (especially as the ordering process on our table was painful on our part) so I will give him points for that, but sometimes it seemed like he was more concerned with his tip then really recommending the right thing for our group.  He kept on stressing and making us feel tightass that we didn't order enough.  He said we should each order 1 appetiser and 1 entree each.  Now, for a group of guys that may be the case but we were 5 small girls and 3 boys I don't think it is necessary.  Turns out - we had more than enough food.  Also, we ordered 2 drinks that he completely forgot about.  Will definitely come back again!Dinner on a Sunday night is pretty chill at this Buddakan.  I wasn't really dressed up but I didn't feel out of place due to the really dark interior.  I went with promises of the best crab fried rice I'll ever experience but discovered that the NY branch only offers lobster fried rice, which we got instead.  Was it the best lobster fried rice I think I'll ever eat?  Well.... maybe I'll append that with a disclaimer that I don't really like fried rice in general.  Not at an authentic Chinatown spot, not at an Asian fusion spot.  On the other hand, this was my first meal of the day so anything slightly impressive should have blown my socks off... and they stayed very nice and neatly on my feet. Among the other things we ordered that night, I enjoyed our Bo Bo Plate, an appetizer sampler plate with 2 each of tuna spring rolls, sesame shrimp toast, boneless spare ribs, carrot dumplings, and Cantonese spring rolls.  My favorite, surprisingly, was the carrot dumplings for its non-fried flavor and gummy-looking, chewy orange wrap.  I don't deny that it sounds gross but it was a fun texture to experience around a delectable pocket of saucy shiitake mushrooms.  Except for the spare ribs which I refrained from, the rest wasn't bad but the taste of fried oil sort of overwhelmed what ever taste they were supposed to offer.The other two dishes we tried were my spiced tofu & cashews and my friend's medium rare charred filet of beef.  The best thing in my dish was the pineapple while my friend's filet came out medium even after we sent it back.  I appreciated how the manager came around to greet us and offered to send the filet back but was turned off by how our server then not-so-secretly disdained this request to the same manager who had extended this service to us.  Mystifying.Lastly, I enjoy strong ambiance as much as the next person who enjoys getting stares from taxidermied animals (Freemans) or kitschy cow figurines (Maureen's Kitchen).  When the main dining area of a restaurant (read: not lounge or bar) is so dark to the point of making me sleepy, then maybe it's time to ease up on the mood non-lighting and splurge a little for the higher electricity bill.My experiences with Asian fusion have never been stellar due to personal taste preferences for the cheaper, spicy stuff of the actual motherlands.  For the other camp that can't get enough of that exotic Eastern mystique, Buddakan will probably fit your $$$ bill just right.The decor of this place seems a bit dated. Probably not as glamorous as it was when it just opened and since it seems to be a major draw for the crowds, they could think of refreshing it.But the food is divine and extremely fairly priced. Tuna Tartare comes bedded on deviled eggs with the stripe of spicy mayo. In spite of the abundance of rich flavors, this dish still tasted mighty fresh. Their deservedly most popular dish-edamame dumplings-is something you'll dream of for days to come. I still haven't stopped. Fois gras and oysters are supremely rich in flavor, but nicely balanced by accompanying seaweed. Alaskan cod and charred beef fillet were great, but not as spectacular as appetizers. Crying chocolate is certainly to cry for! Classic and pure. We had off-menu cocktails and they were amazing. Hats off to great bartenders in all rooms! Our waiter was professional and extremely attentive. Hands down-5 stars for this classic downtown gem.The precursor for this review is that I am Chinese and have had many wonderful Chinese food places all over New York. Buddakan's menu after looking through is not really Asian fusion as they say but more strictly Chinese and taking that into account, the food was underwhelming especially for the price point. Sure there are some western elements like the charred filet of beef but the other dishes that we ordered were distinctly Chinese.The interior as you walk in definitely gives off a feeling of elegance, yet the theme didn't really seem to fit the overall asian theme of the restaurant. We started with the mushroom and sugar snap siu mei which was very pleasant and was served dim sum style. For our main courses we ordered the mapuo tofu, chinese greens, fried whole fish, charred filet of beef and chinese sausage fried rice. Other than the charred filet of beef, I'd had all of these dishes before either in China or in Chinatown. Maybe its not fair for me to make the comparison, but if even the names are going to resemble the actual Chinese dishes then they should taste as good if not better with the price point.The mapuo tofu was too sour and not spicy enough; it lacked the distinct numb feeling that you should get from eating the dish. The chinese greens were a little undercooked to the taste and the fried rice was very average.So thats why I'm giving them an "average" rating, I was hoping to be wowed but that didn't happen. If you want some real Chinese food, there's plenty of good stops throughout the city.great. simply great.recos:cantonese spring rollsedamame dumplingshoisin glazed pork bellychili rock shrimplobster fried riceblack pepper beefalaskan black codall dishes are awsome. I always want to go there . lovely place with lovely staff and comfortable environment inside it. :)You would naturally be nervous about the quality of food since the place is so...so...so big, but no need to worry. I have had dinner here at least 12 times and I had never had a meal that was less than great. I live for the chili shrimp and filet mignon.  Great bartenders. Beware of Friday and Saturday night...becoming a little touristy, but still worth it. The original Buddakan in Philadelphia is also great. Go with friends and order a bunch of small plates and enjoy!There's over 350+ reviews of this place, so there's really not much I can add to the conversation.I went here without knowing anything about it - it was a friend's birthday party and was told to meet here and bring an appetite. It was a saturday night and the only reservation we could get was for 10:30.And it was all worth it. All the meals are family style and delicious. The drinks were strong. The service spectacular. The interior fantastic. And it wasn't even that pricey. I had a great meal here.If you are on the fence.. go. If you have a reservation.. enjoy!Although this was not my first dining experience here this is my first review of this upscale trendy eatery.  I have tried several dishes and I must say all have been tasty and delicious.  I absolutely love love love the edamame dumplings and want the recipe so badly.  The rock shrimp do exactly that ROCK!!!  The boneless spare ribs are delicious and the sauce is wonderfully balanced.  I love the fillet of beef and the short rib chow fun.  I never had chow fun before Buddakan and it was awesome.  Although the food is extremely good it is not the only reason to go to Buddakan.  The atmosphere is sexy and chic and the drinks are splendid too.  Their signature cocktail, the tranquility was just as it sounds, soothing and subtle with a slight kick.  Unfortunately I do have one complaint about Buddakan.  I can never enjoy take out Chinese again!My parents were in town this weekend so I thought it was the perfect opportunity to go to Buddakan. Although my dad is not an adventurous eater (a steak and potatoes guy), he even loved the place! It's the perfect choice to impress visitors from out of town. I've never been to a restaurant so magnificent. The lobby, lounge, main dining room, bathroom, everything, was beautiful. Service was excellent.Drinks were good and strong. My mom and I each had two Fevers, which were jalapeno, vodka, spicy concoctions. Warning- these were 1/3 of the bill!It's family style eating, so you choose a bunch of things to share. Highlights were:* Edamame dumplings- although a weird texture, my dad didn't like them, I guess people love or hate these* Filet- perfectly cooked, tender, juicy, great; came with a delicious mustard sauce; small portion though* Monkfish- by far the best dish of the night; three large pieces of fish with a crispy outside and a spicy nut sauce; AMAZING* Other dishes that were also good- general tso's chicken dumplings, charred asparagus, wild mushroom chow fun.Two main dishes, a noodle dish, and three sides were the perfect amount for three people. We ended the meal with Crying Chocolate, which I was afraid my dad would literally pick the plate up to lick. It was that good.Although overpriced and a little over the top, Buddakan was the perfect place to spend my parents' last evening in NYC. I will return for another special occasion!UPDATE: Went here again after the manager emailed me about my first visit. Definitely better experience. Seated promptly at our reservation time. Server was EXCELLENT! Food was unbelievable. Definitely will go again. Thanks again to Andy the manager there, very nice guy!Got here about 20 minutes earlier then our reservation, boy was that a bad idea. We wait the 20 minutes, which is totally fine, but waited ANOTHER 20 minutes before we got seated. The bar area was very nice while we waited and the drinks were really good too! This was just a normal Saturday night..We got to our seats, but then were stopped because they were still cleaning the table, so we just stood around for another 2-3 minutes, very awkward for a restaurant of this caliber.Anyway the appetizers came out and were really good!! Now comes the worst part of our experience; we had to wait OVER an hour to get our entrees. That was a bit much, especially since our waiter didn't say anything about taking a lifetime to get our food.I got the monk fish, my wife got the scallops. Both were excellent, but we were just annoyed at the waiting situation. After the entrees, we ran out of there because we had already been at this place for close to 3 hours.Food was excellent, Decor was excellent, service and wait times were HORRIBLE.Buddakan's one of my three 5-star restaurants in the city! I love the space (ex-Nabisco factory converted to 2-storey restaurant) AND the menu (food and cocktails). I really like their take on dim sum. My favorites are the edamame dumplings and taro puff lollipops, as well as the shaken chill beef tartare and glazed alaskan black cod from the cold appetizer and fish menus respectively. The desserts are impeccable. I'm hoping there will be new additions to the menu the next time I visit.  Buddakan's is a great place to take someone who has an interest in trendy restaurants and appreciate good food. I've seen couples, groups, families, and after-work crowds and I'm definitely taking my parents here the next time they visit. My point is, trendy places can serve up good food too!  I try not to be suckered by the Buddhist theme but, so far, Tao and Buddakan have impressed me with their food and ambience. Next, Buddha Bar? :)Amazing food, nice drinks, nicer bartender. Expensive, but acceptable for the quality. It is nice to go all out every once and a while. Highly suggested: Jasmine Rice Shrimp Dumplings, Mandorian Pork Chops, and twice cooked green beans.Although Asian fusion is not on the top of my favorite cuisines, I wanted to check out Buddakan.  Impressed by the decor and what was done with the place itself however not my favorite type of dinning atmosphere.  The seats on our table were very comfortable, so much that it s the first thing that comes to my mind when I think of last night's experience.  The food and service were very good. Had several appetizers to share, all matched up my expectations.  The Cod and the lemon chicken for entrees is what I would recommend.With 156 reviews already, one more can't hurt. Besides, I haven't reviewed anything in a while due to being holed up doing projects.I did emerge though, this weekend and celebrated one of my brother's (#3) birthday's with a family dinner at Buddakan! Yes, we do family dinner's for birthday's - some people still love their families you know!Anyways.I loved the space - especially how different areas were just that, yet the decor flowed. I guess they really try and wow you and boy do they!The cocktails were fabulous, even if the names were a bit too trite. I like that they served family style, because well...I was with my family and we poach from each others plates all the time. It's the same saliva people!Anyways.I liked that even with all of the over the top decor, cutesy drinks and the, admittedly, pricey Asian fusion, it was a great dinner. Our waiter was lovely, he even listen to my dad's strange story about beer glasses without looking bored. The food tasted like it looked, clean flavors and beautifully prepared. I liked their menu because they offered a wide variety of proteins, and a good selection of veg-only fare. Definitely someplace for an occasion and I want to come back for a cocktail in the future. Maybe with less family.**I do agree with Ro N. about some of the clothing choices of the out-of-town diners. I mean, come on! Did you have to wear a striped cardigan set with khaki pants lady with shellacked Mid-Western hair?**The place was so trendy...ultimate nyc-style! The drinks was so irresistible! I couldn't stop re-ordering. And the food... really to die for! I've been looking for a great hip Chinese restaurant and I've finally found it. There are just too many great pan-Asian, Japanese and south-east Asian ones out there. My most memorable dish: The King Crab Hot Pot. The crab legs were ginormous and the scallops were the size of my fist. It was so delicious. :] They encourage family style there, so share.Awesome place. They have the Hogwarts food hall in this sunken section in the center. Seriously. It looks just like the movie. There's a table that can seat like 50. It's got the same dim lighting and wizardy feeling.The food was delicious. It's Chinese food, but better and more authentic than your typical fare. We tried the tasting platter of appetizers. There was an amazing short rib, and a bunch of other amazing things (the short rib was easiest to remember).Then we got lobster fried rice (what an idea!), chinese sausage fried rice, and kung pao monkfish. It was all very good.Once, twice, three times amazing.Let me start with the most important part: Dessert! Get the cheesecake! I don't remember the fancy name but it is A-mazing. The pear sorbet has the most intense (In a good way) flavor. I could have eaten just that, but I didn't. Before this, I had Lamb Chops (So good), and the Broken Chili Chicken (Nice flavor in the sauce, but wouldn't order it again). Asparagus was delicious. We had other Dim Sum items which were delicious. All of the food had great presentation as well. Definitely check it out!P.S. I wouldn't suggest the Dumplings with jicama & corn, they were nothing to shout about!I have been waiting for that dining experience which would warrant a 5 star rating for me and this was finally it!! Buddakan was recommended by a good friend and I owe him one for sure.In a word, this place ROCKS!Me and my wife were celebrating the finish to a great sales quarter and wanted to eat somewhere with good energy and great food. That description fits Buddakan to a T! The atmosphere is terrific...great setting and good energy without being overwhelming. The hostesses were super friendly too.  Now let's get to the good stuff....For appetizers we ordered General Tao's dumplings and Chili Rock Shrimp accompanied by a Tranquility for my wife and a Fever for me (drinks). What a great start to the night. The dumplings and the shrimp were both very tasty and the drinks were perfect. I loved the Fever...basically a very unusual twist on the Margarita with some Jalapeno juice thrown in to spice it up. Awesome!For the Entree's we ordered the Charred Filet, the Garlic Lobster and some Dungeness Crab Sticky Rice. All of them were top notch. The filet was perfectly cooked (medium rare) and melted in your mouth. The lobser was generous in portion and very flavorful. Finally, the sticky rice was simply amazing. It is hard to describe the flavor but trust me, it's the bomb!All in all, we had a great time and ate so much food it hurt!! There are so many good places to eat in New York but this one will be on our repeat list when we return for sure!Went for dinner on a Tuesday night and was absolutely impressed. The ambiance of this place is dark, sexy and mysterious. Perfect date spot or to share a special dinner with someone.From the moment you walk in you see a concierge table with more than one person waiting to find your reservation and sit you as quickly as possible. We went without a reservation and were told there might be a wait so we opted for a glass of wine at the bar thinking we might be there for a while. By the time we got our drinks our table was set. The hostess came to the bar to carry our drinks to the table, something I have never seen before. After that it was gourmet food heaven. We had the Bo Bo Plate, lobster fried rice, mongolian lamb chops, and the glazed alaskan black cod. Everything was so decadent! The black cod tasted as good as steak and every bite was bliss.The wait staff is very knowledgeable and helpful. For the first time in a NYC restaurant, I didn't feel rushed to eat my food and leave. You are expected to enjoy your meal at whatever pace you would like and relax. I can't say that of all the places I have been to in NYC for a fancy dinner, this is definitely the #1. I would go back any day. The price is worth the quality of the food and the service.Great experience!! Perfect ambiance!! I went here for my birthday and I loved it. The atmoshpere and the decor you pretty much can't get too much better. The service was great. I loved the drinks!! I really liked the Edamame dumplings, the lobster fried rice, and the lobster egg rolls. This place is will run you about $150.00-$200.00 for 2 people if you get drinks, appetizers, main course and a dessert but the experience is worth it.Overhyped.This is a good place to take someone visiting NYC who wants to go to a sceney, impressive place.  It's huge.  It's cool.  It's filled with beautiful people and is decorated in impressive and enormous scale.But it's expensive.  The entrees range from the mid-twenties to thirties for SMALL entrees without any sides.  I ordered the spicy shrimp for $25, and was told I may want to order a side to go with that because ALL that came with the 5 shrimp on the place was a few sliced radishes.  So I changed my order to the sliced duck with noodles in broth.  Also about $25, but at least you can call it a meal.  It was good... but not really much better than the nearly same dish at Republic for half the price.She got the tofu with mixed vegetables, which looked good but not significantly different from your local Chinese food place's dish.We got veggie dumplings, and they were good and fine... but nothing special.  They were cute in that they sort of resembled red peppers (red dough with bits of scallion sticking out the top).  I liked that the veggies were coarsely chopped enough to still be recognizable.It's not bad, it's just overrated and overpriced.  NYC has many, many better places.4.5 Stars!I have been wanting to go here for SO long (partly because of my Sex & the City obsession, partly because I like good food). It definitely lived up to my expectations. The only reason I'm taking off half a star is for the confusion with checking in. You check in on-time for your reservation. Then you get into the lounge where you work to get a table, then you are waiting, and inevitably order a drink. Then, they come tell you your table is ready. Then you have to quickly flag down the waitress and pay, so you can get to your table...It was a bit of a foggy start to what was otherwise a lovely experience. Decor is awesome. I love the dark, scandalous atmosphere. The service was top-notch all around. Our waitress was absolutely adorable, and so much help. Food was great! It was so hard to decide what to get becase it all looked so good. My favorites were the pork dumplings, and the long beans. Also, had a celeb sighting (kelly ripa) in the bathroom. That always helps make my night more exciting :)I want to come back for a girls dinner next time! I heart buddakan!PF Chang on a bit steroid. We went there for dinner.  The place looks a bit like a club, with well dressed people and dark dressed servers. It is dark with loud music.  you can even hear any conversation. Let us go back to the food, over priced.  Over cooked short rib.  mapo tufu is bad, not even spicy.  They do give a huge portion of rice.  overall, it is just P F Chang in NYC. Won't go back again.  This is NYC, you could find a much better Asian food anywhere.We were "escorted out," but I love Buddakan.  Our show ran late so we rolled in an hour late for a 10p reservation.  Immediately and without judgment, they swooshed us through the crazed bar, down the multi-tiered steps to the gilded Grand Room with a single table running 50 feet flanked by rich art tableau on the ends.  White-linen topped banquettes filled with happy diners line the garish walls.  Within seconds, our party was satiated with wines, specialty cocktails and good ole Stoli.  The vixen twins (we had two servers decked in body defining black) quickly had appetizers and entrees ordered with skillful recommendations on crowd-favorites for flavor and the amount to order.  (The service is family style.)  Tuna sashimi eggrolls, popcorn shrimp with a kick and a couple of other starters quickly arrived.  Glasses remained topped.  The entrees began to flow - flank steak with the most delicious brown-butter soy sauce, moist snapper, well-prepared scallops, maybe some fried rice.  I think we may have had dessert but things begin to get blurry about now.  Looking around, we realize we are the only people left in the recently-filled laughter-echoing room.  We're deep in meaningless conversation and indulgently finishing our final round when a bouncer arrives and hovers next to our table.  Large, jovial guy who stayed on message: "Get out," so we can lock the doors.  This is my third time at Buddakan, which never fails to deliver on food or ambiance.  I've never understood why anyone would subjugate themselves to the cramped quarters of the bar though.  The steak is par excellence, and the tab is always surprisingly lower than expected.  I hope to get thrown out of more places like this.Sadly, I find Buddakan highly overrated.  People surely don't go there for the food because it's not very good.  The dishes my vegetarian friends ordered tasted better than my beef lettuce cups and duck spring rolls.  Its redeeming factor is that it's a good place to meet people for drinks, and the drinks are strong.  Then move onto somewhere else for dinner.  The interior is large and stylishly decorated.  It's usually crowded and feels like a scene.  I've only ever been during the weeknights after work and it definitely felt like an expense account kind of place:  expensive, lots of suits, groups of men, out of towners.  The last time I was there, it felt almost like I was at a tourist attraction.Look. Usually, I am morally opposed to spending more than $10 on any entree I can buy at some hole-in-the-wall Asian restaurant, but Buddakan is just so damn SEXY. This is where the beautiful people of NYC eat.Well, some of them. Many of the couples we saw were 50-year-old men with 20- or 30-something women, getting them drunk and impressing them with a nice dinner. But whatever.Don't get me wrong; if that's your thing, have at it. All I'm saying is that Buddakan is the place to take your date if you're trying to sex them up. Because after spending some time in the elegant, ultra-hip, modern chinoiserie decor eating delicious food (I recommend the hoisin-glazed pork belly, taro puff lollipops, peking duck) and imbibing Asian-inspired cocktails (I recommend the "Tranquility"), how could you leave that place and not want to get your freak on?Oh Buddakan, you've won my heart again!-The calamari salad remains my ALL-TIME favorite-The pork potstickers were very good, and this is from someone who's not a pork-lover-the yellowtail yu sheng was delicious. Wish the portion were bigger though-The black cod was cooked to perfection. I thought the lobster was great, but this tasted even better. Glad I ordered something different-CHARM for drink again. Delicious as I remembered and -so was the Crying Chocolate!I would come back in a heartbeat!I've been here 3 or 4 times, but not recently (I think I was there about a year ago for a birthday). The food is always consistent, which is great because you don't have to worry about recommending something that turns out to be bad. The edamame dumplings are my absolute favorite thing on the menu. I also recommend the scallion pancakes, the chili rock shrimp, the roast duck, and the sweet and sour chicken. Their desserts change seasonally, but I remember during the summer they had some sort of dessert plate that included corn ice cream - sounds weird, but it was absolutely delicious!The only reason that this isn't getting a higher rating is because I think the food is way overpriced. It's tasty and all, but the portions aren't large, and you can easily blow $150 on dinner for 2. Another con is the clientele. Sure, it's a good restaurant and all, but I've always noticed a lot of B&T in there - you can tell because they're WAY overdressed, way too loud, and tend to use the word "classy" too often. Just an observation.That being said, it's a solid restaurant with consistently good food, served in a gorgeous space.Recently came here for my sister's birthday. The staff and ambience of Buddakan are incredible. They were accommodating to our rather large group and were able to get through the dinner quite easily.Food and drinks are incredible- try the Lobster Spring Rolls and if you're into girly drinks (as I am) you will love it here!!!You will not see me give many 5 star ratings, but this place was flawless. The main thing I remember was going down stairs to be seated with our large party and just say "This is on some Bruce Wayne shit." The ambiance was amazing, music, vibe, people, the food, the service, the drinks, as well as the aesthetics.We were in a large party so we ordered pretty much half of the menu and passed everything around. Every single item I ate was amazing and packed with taste, as well as full of authenticity. Here are a handful of items we ordered and I highly recommend.The Steam Sea Bass Roll  Jade Shrimp DumplingsEdamame DumplingsTuna Tartar Spring Rolls  Chili Rock ShrimpFried Rice (not sure which one but I'm sure they're all worth trying)Sugar Snap PeasKung Pao MonkfishThis is definitively a place to hit to experience the real NYC feel. Also ideal for an anniversary, or any time you want to get in someone's pants. My wife, who doesn't like seafood, flipped off the Tuna Tartar, Sea Bass and Monkfish. This place is a win win.I am one to find flaws in everything but yet I could not find one single thing to finger point. Hit this place if you're reading this and thank me later.This is one of my favorite places. It has a great ambiance, posh, really good food and cocktails. I have been there couple of times for different occasions, birthday dinners, business meetings and to chill with friends over drinks and everyone has loved the place.. The food is Asian fusion and is served family style, meant to be shared, but the quantity is all right, you can order one item per person.. One of the good dishes there is black pepper beef. Good prices and great for celebrations. Reservations required, if you don't have reservation they will push you to the bar/lounge area, which does serve the full menu, but its way too crowded and not the place you want to hang out and pay big bucks for.I went here on my last trip to New York City and holy cow... everything was amazing! I'm vietnamese and have had my fair share of asian food, and this was the perfect mix of authentic asian flavors with a nice modern touch. My mom and I were waiting on one of my friends to arrive and both ordered unique, refreshing cocktails that were very light and crisp. When we were seated, the waitress couldn't have been nicer and more helpful with suggestions from the menu which was extremely helpful seeing that us three little ladies ordered half of the entire menu! To start, we ordered the...Tuna Tartare: Delightfully surprised with the burst of flavor that came from that delicate little roll. One of my favorites of the whole meal! Edamame Dumplings: INCREDIBLE, so silky and delicious and you don't really come across those flavors often, the truffle was perfectly subtle and not overwhelming. Hoisin glazed pork belly: tasty, but maybe I was just over it because it was our third appetizer cause my mom said she enjoyed it. For our main courses we ordered... Cod: I am a huge fish gal and I thought this dish was so clean and the fish was PERFECTLY cooked. Definitely a favorite! Peking duck: so so tasty but this came out last so I was incredibly full by the time I ate it.... how could I not be, do you see how much we ordered?!Crab sticky rice: glutinous and AHmazing. Just what you'd expect and it did not disappoint. Lobster fried rice: my least favorite part of the meal. It wasn't bad but it didn't do much for me or anyone else in the party. We did mean to order the chinese sausage fried rice but I'm pretty sure I accidentally messed up when I was ordering... my b. We were all way, way too full to order any dessert after that feast.. so I'll definitely have to save some room for that next time because there is no doubt I will be back when I'm back in the big apple.Look at meeeee!!!  I'm in New Yoooorrrrkkkk!!!   And I'm Druunnnkkk!!!! Because the waiters kept pouring whatever I waaannttteeeeddd!   And my clients are Haaappppyyyy!!! Good food, attentive service, really pretty spot -  but the food didn't knock my socks off...  (socks knocked off = hubba hubba)I enjoyed the tuna app - tuna tartare& tuna springrolls - though the avocado thing seemed like avocado "stretched" with egg whites.  I grew up in the Northeast and realized htat in CA we're privileged with avocados...but given the option between false avocados and something a little closer to native, I'd pick something besides false avocados.  Besides,  really, for the bank my company paid for this dinner, there's no reason we couldn't have had avocado body wraps...Anyway, solid service (how our waitress was skilled to pour a full bottle of prosecco with one hand!) pretty and okay food.   Good expense spot.My party of four had dinner here Saturday night. We made a reservation on Open Table for 10:15- we chilled in the lounge for about fifteen minutes before someone came and found us and brought us to our table.It was really packed when we got there, so I was a little worried that we would wait forever, but it wasn't too bad. The interior of this place is sweet - it's very pretty/modern/generally sweet looking. It's a pretty cool crowd that hangs out here, from what I could tell.We weren't ridiculously hungry, so we didn't order a ton of food, but liked what we did get. My date and I ordered the vegetable fried rice with coconut foam (SO GOOD!!) and the mushroom chow fun (good, but nothing special) and some thousand layer tofu dish that bad steamed flat bun pieces that we stuffed with sauteed veggies - very tasty.My omnivore friends ordered a black pepper beef dish that they raved about- they said the prime rib used was perfectly cooked and oh-so-tender. They also order some lo mein dish with minced pork that they said was pretty good. The drinks were pretty tasty, nothing amazing.The reason I gave this five stars is because the service was incredible. I asked the waiter which vegetarian dishes were popular, and he ratted off a bunch of recommendations and told me about each dish on the menu that could be made vegetarian even if wasn't listed in the vegetables section. He was really helpful and friendly, and it really made it a wonderful meal. Add the cool ambiance, beautiful decor and it was definitely the best dining experience I have had in the city.On top of that, my date and I ordered three drinks, 2 vegetarian entrees, an appetizer and shared a desert and spent only $95 including tax and tip. Not bad for the MPD.Will definitely be back :)**Yay! I'm the 1,000th reviewer for Buddakan!**Came here for Jimmy C.'s birthday dinner and it was perfect! We started off with drinks. The drink names are so dreamy and ethereal! I ordered the Haze and then Virtue. Virtue was definitely the table favorite. We spent the majority of the time picking out the aloe vera and strawberry pieces. For appetizer we ordered the edamame dumplings. Being Asian, I generally don't like coming to Asian fusion places because I always feel I can get the same thing in Chinatown for a fifth of the price...BUT I've NEVER had edamame dumplings before! They taste almost like mochi very dense and creamy. Just a dumpling filled with ground up edamame - what a cool concept!For our meal a friend and I shared the lobster fried rice and the Alaskan black cod. Both were phenomenal. Big chunks of lobster in the fried rice and @ $16 wasn't that expensive! The black cod was melt in your mouth delicious. The space is huge and it is definitely good for groups, but be prepared to drop quite a bit of money, especially if you're getting drinks!Buddakan is not only gorgeous, spacious, perfect for groups as well as intimate dates, but the food is amazing & not exorbitantly priced!I came here twice - once for Jimmy C.'s birthday dinner with a group of about 15 people and the other time with a group of 6. Both times there was a minimal wait, even with reservations, but so worth it! They have a gorgeous communal table where SATC was filmed - but I was not sat there either times. Perhaps you can request it!The first time I was here we had several drinks including Haze and Virtue - both overall winners for presentation and taste. As for the dishes, they are served family style and all unique tasting.From my both times here I've had:- Edamame dumpling: AMAZING. I love love love these dumplings; the creamy edamame puree wrapped in the translucent wrapper is just divine.- Tune tartare spring roll: Pretty small (3 to an order), but very good! A nice contrast between with raw tuna and the crisp roll skin.- Chili rock shrimp: Yummo! Sweet and tangy sauce was the perfect complement to the crunchy shrimp. - Hoisin glazed pork belly: Melt in your mouth pork belly enveloped in a fluffy white bun. Delicious.- Szechuan pork dumpling: Could do without this dish; nothing more than a normal steamed dumpling.- Black pepper beef: Hint of spice, cooked well done with crunchy "bird's nest." - Glazed alaskan black cod: SO GOOD. Melt in yo' mouth again. The eggplant mash was excellent. - Whole crispy fish: Too crispy/fried for my liking, as I enjoy my fish steamed. Huge portion! - Lobster fried rice: So worth it! Lots of huge lobster chunks to be found here, a steal at $19!- Wild mushroom chow fun: Tastes exactly like beef chow fun at any Chinese restaurant. The mushrooms were quite flavorful, but the dish was very soy sauce heavy and MSG laden. - Dungeness crab sticky rice: Only had a tiny bite but the presentation was quite cute (inside of an actual dungeness crab!) and my friends said it was very good.So having tasted a good chunk of the menu, I can attest to the flavorful and wonderfully presented dishes. Definite fan and a quite a gem in the middle of MPD!Once again another dining dream satisfied by another work meal.  This place is bomb from the decor to the food.  To start off, this place is huge with so many rooms.  I'm a fan of the color codedness of it all and the variety from the grand dining room to a library room haha.   Our waiter was also super friendly and knowledgeable.  He got brownie points for taking the extra time to call out the ingredients in each dish for one of our party members who had food allergies.  Food wise, I enjoyed the appetizers the most.  Our party had pork buns, edamame dumplings, pork dumplings, and deviled tuna tartare.  They all had bursts of flavor that made me drool.  Entree wise, I enjoyed the mongolian lamb chops, the sizzling short rib, and the lobster fried rice.  I'm not a huge fish fan, and I don't remember exactly what we got but there were two fish dishes that were cooked well.  Dessert , we ordered the crying chocolate and the cider donuts.  My fave part of the entire dessert was the jasmine tea ice cream.  SO delish and the subtle Jasmine flavor was bomb. I totes want to come back and try the shrimp and lobster chow fun! ( I love XO sauce)I was skeptical, but pleasantly surprised. Cool atmosphere. Solid food: Tuna Tartare Spring Rolls and Glazed Alaskan Black Cod were excellent.Found out after the fact that this is where a Sex in the City scene so it's on the tourist shortlist. That being said, I think it's a solid pick for almost any situation - meetup, biz dinner, date, etc...The best dish I ever had, this is my #1... Mongolian Lamb Chops. I'm still speechless... go there and eat it, you'll understand.Finally tried out Buddakan after obsessing over their chefs on the Food Network challenges/shows. Not that it matters or anything.Went with popular Yelp recomendations:Edamame dumplingsHoison glazed pork bellyChili rock shrimpLobster and shrimp chow funBroken chili chickenBlack pepper beefAnd for dessert:Crying chocolateBread puddingEdamame dumplings were mostly a hit at our table.  I passed on seconds because I stuffed the entire dumpling in my mouth.  Only do this if you are prepared for a mouthful of edamame puree.  Super overwhelming.  I unfortunately didn't like this dim sum plate very much.  The dumpling itself is very soft.Pork belly was difficult because I compare all pork belly to those featured in Ippudo's pork buns.   Similarly, Buddakan's pork belly is served with steamed buns along with cabbage.  The glaze is tasty; however, the tenderness of the pork belly was a little disappointing.  I expected melt-in-your-mouth, falling-off-the-fork pork belly.Chili rock shrimp was my favorite dish of the night.  Reminded me slightly of walnut shrimp found in Chinese restaurants, except the shrimp here is a little spicy.  Very tasty and popular item at our table.Lobster and shrimp chow fun -- Enjoyed the XO sauce at the bottom.  Chow fun noodles were cooked well, and I liked how the dish had some chinese broccoli in it.  Didn't eat any of the seafood.Broken chili chicken was good, but nothing impressive compared to the deliciousness of authentic Asian cuisine.  Buddakan appears to specialize in tasty sauces!  Wasn't spicy at all, chicken was adequately tender, and we drizzled the sauce on everything!Black pepper beef was fine, but it tasted just like Diced Beef Cubes (Bo Luc Lac) from Chinese or Vietnamese restaurants back home.  Nothing too exciting.  Didn't see the point in the bird cage.Dessert:Both dishes were DELICIOUS.  Would definitely order dessert here any time I come back.  We raved about the bread pudding!Great place to have a special dinner!  Loved the ambiance of the restaurant.  Beautiful chandeliers hung above the center table.  I really liked the management here, as the manager checked in with us frequently and made small talk.  Everything is ordered family style and the dishes are small (think slightly larger than dim sum/tapas size), so you'll be needing to order a lot of dishes.  The waiter will also "recommend" you ordering an X amount of dishes... only thing that really irritated me was that our waiter stood at the table reminding us how many more dishes we had left to order.  Example: "You have 3 more dishes left... order a beef dish now.  That leaves 2 left..."  Order everything at once because the food comes out as it's ready.  We ordered X amount of food listed above for 4 people.; Expect to drop some dough here.I live a third of each year in China. I know Chinese food.I am quite impressed with the ingredients used here and how they changed them up a bit to make the dishes modern. Hot pot Chicken, beef, pork buns, cauliflower -- heck, all of the veggie sides were great! Fish! All of it! YUM!I reccomend going with a GROUP and ordering as many dishes as you see fit. I'll be back!!!We could have had way better dishes elsewhere for the price we paid. The place would look better with a little less dark, and the servers were attentive enough. We order 3 appetizers, 3 entrees, and we were not pleased with any. Maybe I had my expectation held too high because of what I heard about it. But for what I paid for, it was a total disappointment.Aesthetically pleasing would be the way to describe Buddakan. Upon entrance of the restaurant, you already see swanky large doors and a dark interior setting. Buddakan is spacious- it has a dining hall downstairs and everything in it screams New York panache. The bar has awkward minimalistic stools that can hurt your butt, but don't fear fellow yelpers! The fabulous bartenders will make you an out of this world great drink called Fate. It's a delicious drink with three components- elderflower, pineapple juice, and prosecco. This bubbly and sparkly drink oozes with yumminess. It actually might be my favorite drink ..for now that is!The food here is definitely worth trying. Lobster fried rice had big chunks of juicy lobster and the rice was lightly fried. Wok fried tofu with broccoli was another hit. Slivers of garlic tainted the broccoli and tofu in just the right amounts and touches of seared tofu had our taste buds tantalized. It is definitely East meets West.One weird thing I wanted to share is that when I went to the restrooms upstairs, I was a bit confused and creeped out. There is a portrait of a 17th century Frenchman.  Aren't we in an Asian fused restaurant? AND I'm trying to use the restroom, his creepy eyes were not cool.Ack.  Asian fusion at its worst.  Overpriced and tasteless compared to $5 chinese restaurants on every other corner.  The portions are small and nothing was really worth eating.  We tried a lot of different dishes.  The fried rice, noodles, and fried appetizers were all bland.  I don't get how you get mess such simple things up!The place looks awesome though.Great vibe. Amazing decor. Love the high ceiling in the main room and the various floor to ceiling artwork. Yummy food/drink choices, especially the appetizer, Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly (steamed buns) and the cocktail, Lush - sake, lychee, gin, rosemary!! Who would think to put rosemary in a drink?! So good.Service was good. Friendly. Not over the top. Not bad. Just smooth. Love that this is where Big and Carrie (Sex and the City) had their wedding reception. That's how I learned of Buddakan actually. I bet a lot of people say that. It's always interesting to see how Hollywood does it, and how the place actually looks. This place is fantabulous in both scenarios.A little on the pricey side, but I would go back just to have that cocktail again. So yummy!Crowd:  Tourist and suburban.  Of course, it was a Saturday so most places feel that way.Food:  Excellent.  Lots of interesting dishes with an Asian feel.  The fish dishes are fantastic.Atmosphere: Crowded in the bars (yes there are two!). I recommend the downstairs bar.  Try to get a table in the HUGE cavern that makes you feel you are in a castle room downstairs.  You'll be much less likely to feel the crowd or have someone knock into your wine.Service:There is an airport like check-in just inside the door that is just the beginning of a good service that feels a bit alternative.  But somehow, this mad house hangs on.Price:We were a large group of six and with booze a mid range wine and tip  included we spent around $100 a head.I really wanted to give you two or three stars, but you are just too pretty.It's a great place to go with your girlfriends and celebrate how trendy and lovely you can all be.  The food is okay, the drinks are stylish.So if you're entertaining guests or having a "sex & the city" evening (literally - a scene in the movie was filmed here I think), why not.fun fun fun.I've never been a fan of fusion food; cuisines are developed over thousands of years and taste a certain way for a reason, if you're gonna smash it together with something else... fine but the odds are stacked against you. I've wanted to try Buddakan for a while, given good reviews on food and the fact the space is beautiful. However I found both to be a bit lacking. The food is pretty blah: a calamari salad, frogs leg app were forgettable, glazed cod is the same thing they serve in every fusion asian resto, the peking duck was dry and bland (I've literally had comparable stuff from take out places), deserts of the chocolate mille fuille and 5 spice donuts were probably the highlight. The decor was very nice but I feel like some of the details are going by the way side in the wake of their success. The place has the feel of a disney theme restaurant, but the central room is still a mind blower, chances are you'll just be walking by it on the way to your back room table so it won't do you much good. This would be a great bday place or if you're with a huge crowd, the kitchen is a machine pumping out food so you can be sure everyone will get fed in time. But besides that you should leave it alone.Hmm, normally not a place of my caliber (normally wouldn't be caught dead in the Meatpacking district and avoid it like the plague), but an old colleague was in town and wanted to try a new trendy place. The overall ambiance of the place is decent, the bar is too dim and the cocktail waitresses were a bit rude.  Our waiter was fabulous though because he gave us some great recommendations. For appetizers, we had the edamame dumplings, tune tartare spring roll (dee-lish), and chili rock shrimp (my favorite of the appetizers).  We also ordered the lobster/shrimp noodles and fried rice, which was average.  I don't remember what else we ordered because the cocktails kept flowing... but overall a decent experience for what it was. I say this place is best for business dinners, fancy parties, or a hot date.  I'm normally not into overpriced, trendy, fusion places, but it's good to try every once in awhile.  Also, make reservations well in advance.Wow. Stunning decor, beautiful people and delicious food are rare combination but plentifully exist in New York. Especially if you expect that fancy Chinese fusion will turn out to be such a disaster, Buddakan presents a chic way to enjoy everything Asian that actually taste unbelievably yummy.The place is also featured in Sex and The City The Movie when Carrie had her rehearsal dinner before the wedding. I'm such a fan of the medieval Asian meets modern romantic interior. Between the ancient giant door and dangling chandelier at the big dinning room, this place swept me off my feet.-hoisin glazed pork belly. spicy shallots, cabbage, steam buns. succulent pork belly with sweet glazed flavor.-edamame dumpling, shallot-sauternes broth. let's start with my least favorite dish on the table. Taste like mochi gone wrong, despite the great reviews. -sizzling short ribs. mushroom chow fun, Asian pear. this one is amazingly cooked to tenderness and flavorful.-glazed Alaskan black cod. chili egg plant, black bean relish. very soft and moist. -pepper steak chow fun. Chinese broccoli and garlic chives. surprisingly delicious and reminds me of Thai's pad see ew.-chili rock shrimp, toasted ginger. perfectly fried to crispiness, spicy sauce adds a kick to it. yumm...-chinese sausage fried rice. sunny side up egg. another favorite of mine, unexpectedly it taste so similar with Indonesian fried rice. two thumbs up!pics - yummycrave.com/2010/04/b…The first time is went to Buddakan was for this VMA party like ages ago... and as I walked in and saw the interior the host had to collect my dropped jaw off the floor.The interiors of that place are like my aspirational apartment, from the unique taxidermy fowl, to the double stair case leading onto the 1000ft dining table. Stunning... I think it might be one of the most creative spaces in the city..next to Megu. Its not like dining at a restaurant but dining in an atmosphere.If you have a continuous hankering for Chinese food, but you appreciate a a finer presentation and flavor.. this is the spot for you. The obscene portion of Crab Fried rice is really great and all you really need to do is make a night out the appetizer menu. Service is quite attentive.So go get them General Tso's dumplings and think of me when you're stealing them from you dates plate.The decor here is stunning and it is such a scene.  Definitely worth the overpriced asian fusion food.Highlights include the Tuna Tartar spring rolls Jade Shrimp Dumplings (every bite is brimming with meaty bites of real shrimp, not shrimp paste or fillers)Sweet & Crispy Jumbo Shrimp - covered in that mayonaissey sauce (yes, it's a bit like the traditional chinese restaurants, but the shrimps are massive and the flavor is spot on)Dungeoness Crab Sticky Rice - served in the shell of a real dungeoness crab.  Great presentation.  Note- the rice is going to be sticky tho and you'll have to work to dig out all the glutinous rice out of that crab shell.Twice Cooked Long Beans - this was AWESOME and quite different that just stir fried long beansSpiced Tofu & Cashews - a friend threw this dish into the mix, and at first I was like, who's going to waste space on this?  Boy was I wrong?  It was absolutely delicious!In general, I think all the fish entrees are great!To save on $$$ and calories, I would pass on: Edamme Dumplings (now I know that others think this is a real favorite, but it is too mushy for my taste)Taro Lollipops - I love taro puffs, but to have minced pork inside which is a bit heavy on the ginger turms me off.  If it was pork and shrimp minus the ginger, it would be a home run.Beef Bao Buns - the skin is too dense, should be much lighter.  Filling to thick and sweet.  A hole in the wall in Chinatown would have much better meat buns or pork buns.Beef Lettuce Cups - not enough dressing or wetness, just blah.  PF Chang's chicken lettuce cups are even better than theseI think all the noodle/fried rice dishes are pretty good as well.  A great place to go for a nice dinner/client dinner where everyone can dine family style. Here is a TIP:  SAVE ROOM FOR DESSERT.The dessert here is awesome.  That crying chocolate?  I think it really did make me cry.  And there is some other dessert that they had going on Winter of 2009 that was a non-chocolate dessert...it was like pear or cardommom or something...anyway, it was absolutely awesome.  Kudos to the pastry chef.  Also, if you are going to use the mens or ladies room, take note of the paintings of the man and woman of the wall leading to the entrance of the bathrooms.  The side the man is on leads to the mens room, and the side with the curvy naked woman leads to the ladies room.  There are no signs or doors, so beware!I'm definitely not the first to review this restaurant, but here are some important points you should know before making a visit here:1.  As far as aesthetics goes, this restaurant has to be, by far, the most appealing I've been to (not this week, this year, but my lifetime).  I mean, how often do you walk down a long staircase, overshadowed by a glamorous chandelier and high ceiling?  You are then seating in dimly lit room, with slender white candles dripping it's wax on to a winged eagle.    2.  If you're Asian, when you look at the menu, you'll probably think this is overpriced Chinese food.  You're thinking to yourself, "hm .. I can go to Chinatown and order double the food at half the price." (I know I did!), but keep in mind if you're here at Buddhakan, chances are you're trying to impress someone, and you don't want to look like a pig (lol).  (More importantly, each dish has a western flare to it, and presentation is phenomenal.)3.  The workers here are very professional, If you're seated at the long dining table, and want a table of your own, just ask!  Don't get offended if it doesn't go your way, keep in mind they serve hundred of people a day, and they try to accommodate everyone.  Remember to make reservations and request the dining room that you want.What can I say about this place! Definitely one of my go to places because it never disappoints.  Very nice ambiance, great place to take someone you're trying to impress be it in-laws, out of towners or a first date..ok maybe more like a second or third date.  As far as the food goes the lobster egg rolls and jade shrimp dumplings are awsome. The grilled Alaskan Black Cod just melts in your mouth like butter. The lobster fried rice if good though it can leave a little something to be desired.  The speacialty cocktail menu is great as well and I don't recall ever having poor service.Also, if the pumpkin cheesecake is still on the menu it's a must have!!!Edamame dumplings, vegetable fried rice with coconut curry foam, random and delicious cocktails... Buddakan is my favorite restaurant in the city. It is an obvious tourist hotspot - a tad pricey, but so very delicious I can't resist this meatpacking "Asian" fusion, sex and the city rehearsal dinner, place.Just make a reservation well in advance and be prepared for the staff to be wholly unaccomodating and rude. Also be prepared for ladies dressed to the nines, on any idle Tuesday.The restaurant is very large and impressive. The food was not very impressive. It was over run with tourists, the music was very odd - one track was a lady screaming, the food was just ok.Amazing food and service! Dined on a Sunday night (Labor Day weekend) without reservations at 7pm, was seated immediately. Ordered the Bo Bo plate appetizer which was great. The spare ribs were delish but temperature was lukewarm. We asked our waitress, Alexandra if they could be warmed up but she was very apologetic and immediately brought us a whole new Spare Rib appetizer dish. Very impressive and so unnecessary but delighted, nonetheless.The Charred Filet of Beef was a bit dry (prob my fault for ordering Med-Well) but it was served with some kind of butter sauce and a spicy mustard sauce both of which made the beef juicy and delish. My husband ordered the Jumbo Shrimp, very good as well. The Chilled Udon Noodles with the peanut sauce was awesome with our entrees! For dessert, Sorbet and the Upside down Peach Summer cake were solid and very good but by that time, we couldn't finish the cake and barely took a couple bites. The hostess whom we noticed was walking around often, asked us if we did not enjoy the dessert. We explained the cake was great but we were stuffed. She graciously asked to remove our plates and said she would remove the cake from our bill since we barely touched it. Yet again, totally unnecessary but very pleasantly surprised.We enjoyed our experience: ambiance, drinks, food and service. Alexandra was terrific! Extremely pleasant, professional and helpful. We will return for sure!! There's so many more dishes to try!Love, love, love Buddakan!  Great decor and an awesome place to impress out of town guests.I recommend the Tranquility drink... soooo yummy!As for food, you MUST get the Edamame Dumplings (to die for), Rock Shrimp, Vegetable Fried Rice with Coconut Foam Curry, and the Cauliflower (note, it has pork in it... but they will leave it out for vegetarians)!!!The food is tha BOMB! Lobster fried rice is amazeballs and everything with Shrimp is delicious! I would "American Pie" this food as often as I can!Swanky and trendy, Buddakan is one of those celebrity-infused restaurants where you take your favorite out-of-town guests to make them jealous that you live in New York.  The food is amazing, particularly the Edamame Dumpling appetizer ($11) and the Whole Peking Duck ($44).  Arrive about a half hour before you reservation so you and see-and-be-seen in the front lounge area.  There are a number of specialty drinks around the $12 range that are very fun.  If you are seated upstairs, be sure to take a peek into the massive and cavernous downstairs dining room, with ceilings more than 2-stories high and filled with a long banquet-like table.  The service is excellent, the food is fantastic; just be sure that your wallet is prepared to take a hit.when i imagine trendy "scene" places in NY, the images that come to mind totally fit the interiors and patrons of Buddakan. Ridiculously dim, full of folks dressed to-the-nines and more-than-ambient conversation on a Monday night, I could only imagine what it would be like on the weekend.the food definitely delivers. their signature edamame dumplings were weirdly ravioli-like with their cream/truffle infusion. the ahi spring rolls were my personal faves. as much as i dislike seafood, i am a sucker for a good ahi. continuing through our meal, the cod was deliciously sweet and flaky. the waiter forgot to bring us the filet, so sadly i have no news on that front. the desserts however, were definitely the piece de resistance. that crying chocolate is a must, and the white chocolate passionfruit mousse held such great contrasts between the merengue, mousse and sorbet. the only thing holding me back from a beaming five stars would be the service. although our waiter was more than friendly, he did totally omit one of our dishes, and we had to ask 3x for the check.Buddakan is definitely a "scene" of a dining experience.  The restaurant/lounge is a massive trendy mecca with dim lighting and lots of dark cherrywood.  The interior looks more like the dining room of a castle than a typical neighborhood destination.  The service is extremely helpful and attentive.  It makes a terrific special occasion restaurant.  The food is also extremely delicious.  When my friend and I decided to check out the space, we were overwhelmed by a menu loaded with delicious options.  We asked our waitress for some recommendations and specialties of the house.  We started with the Edamame Dumplings, which were loaded with fresh flavor and laying in a bath of shallot broth.  We also tried the Tuna Tartare Spring Roll appetizer with ponzu dip.  The rolls were good, but the crisp exterior wrap masked the flavor of the tuna within.  We then moved on to some extravagant entrees.  The Charred Filet of Beef was juicy and perfectly cooked.  The accompanying wonton crisps were an addicting snack that was hard to resist.   We also ordered a fish dish, but I do not recall what it was.  I definitely enjoyed it though.  I highly recommend the occasionally Buddakan splurge for a fun night out.Buddakan is a great place to get together to have that NYC experience.  The decor is trendy, the music is good, and the scene is really happening.You can make reservations or you can drop in and try to get a table at the lounge area.  The restaurant was huge so it wasn't at all hard to get a table in the lounge area.Drinks were pretty expensive Manhattan style, but they were really good, especially the Fate - pineapple, elderflower, prosecco.We shared 4 different dishes - pork belly with pork buns, taro lollipops, deviled tuna tartare, and the scallion pancakes with shredded pork on top.I wasn't expecting much from chinese food at Buddakan, but I have to admit I was pretty surprised when it was delicious, chinese, and with a modern twist.I didn't like the tuna tartare - I thought the flavor of the tuna on top of the avocado didn't have much flavor and then when you picked up some of the spicy mayo sauce it overpowered the dish too quickly.  Shredded Pork on top of the scallion pancake - I thought to myself, what can they do to make a $2 dollar scallion pancake any better than chinatown?  Well, add a well marinated,melt in your mouth shredded pork on top, that's what!  I had two pieces because it was so delicious and there were only 4 pieces and 3 girls...Pork Belly with Pork Bun - The pork belly was amazing.  It was buttery and soft and melted in my mouth.  Coupled with the pork bun, it was a delicious, fatty, little delight.Taro Lollipops - Not as good as some dim sum places in chinatown, but I have to give it a 5 for presentation.  I think the minced meat could have had more flavor, and there def should have been more taro for contract.Drinks -Cosmo - I have had better.  I have made better.  I had to ask the second round to be stronger because I couldn't taste any alcohol.  Normally I wouldn't mind, but since I was paying 15 dollars for that cosmo, I wanted to make sure I got at least half a cup of grey goose.Fate - Elderflower, Prosecco, and Pineapple.  I think this drink speaks for itself.  How could it not be good?  Pineapple and Sparkly?  Yes and Yes.I will definitely come back next time I have some out of town visitors to impress.  I'll probably call early to try to get a table to see if that makes the experience any better.I kind of like sitting in the lounge, you get a really nice bar experience coupled with some good food.This is a tough one. I'd say it was really a 3.5 star experience... better than OK, but I'm not sure I'd say I'm a "fan". However, I had a good time there and the tasty drinks were...well...tasty, so I'm going to round up this time.The space is beautiful, from the entrance through the bar, into the various dining areas and even to the restroom. It's difficult to describe, and interior decorating is not my strong point (just ask anyone that's seen my apartment) so I'll leave that to my betters.As far as the rest, I'll just keep it short and break it down.Service: GoodDrinks: Very goodFood: GoodPrice: HighBasically the food was good, but probably not good enough to justify the price. You're paying for the location and atmosphere as much as anything else.Went with a few friends that were visiting from out of town. So it was one of those once-in-a-while nice restaurant nights. The wait wasnt long at all, but then again, we arrived around 11pm. I was suprised they were still serving, but there were still people being seated and tables still being served. Service: A bit slow. Our waitress was nice but she didn't make her rounds very often. Once we asked her to take a picture for us but she said she'd be back as her hands were full, but never did come back. We ended up having a bus-boy take it instead. She was however quite polite and apologized after when she remembered. Food:Typical of a higher end dining restaurant. The portions were small, expensive, but delicious and well prepared. Everything on the menu is meant to be shared family style. Think of it as a Tapas restaurant with an asian twist. Most of the dishes had some asian/chinese origin to them. A few of the dishes we had:Edamame Dumplings - served in a light broth - basically edamame bean paste wrapped inside a chinese dimsum shrimp dumpling skin (sans the shrimp) - you can really taste the edamame flavour, slightly on the salty sideLamb Chops - medium rare - spot on, very tender. Deep fried jumbo shrimp - quite good, reminds me of a japanese izakaya dish Ive had before Ambiance: Romantic. The dining room downstairs was very nice - think medevil time long table with chandeliers hanging down from a very high ceiling. Too bad we didn't get seated there.I really did feel like VIP while having a meal at Buddakan. Upon arriving, I was greeted by a gorgeous hostess and a gorgeous hostess-in-training. I was escorted down the grand staircase to my party's table, taking note of the beautiful decor as I descended. I actually wobbled a bit because i was taken aback by how amazing the main hall was.Our waitress was so very helpful, even informed us of how many pieces our appetizers came in and allowed us to order 3 and a half orders instead of 4. She was very attentive and even timed all of our dishes to come out just as the last person was taking his/her last bite. That attention to detail really made the dining experience special.The duck spring rolls were pretty good, so were the taro puff lollipops. The edamame dumplings were a sleeper hit, nobody expected them to be that good, they were. you must get them. I never knew edamame could be so buttery and delicious. We ordered so much food and each dish was unique yet blended very well with the last.Many of their cocktails were green tea infused, lots to choose from. They're pricey but you should have at least one.I don't get it... This place enraged me.  I walk in thinking I'm going to a restaurant, and it's got a club feel to it... I was immediately annoyed.  Perhaps there were other rooms that didn't feel like a fucking dance floor at Sullivan Room - But this review is based on my experience, right?  The menu, while trying to keep with the fusion idea, I found very uninspiring and nothing of really grabbed my attention.  I had the edamame dumplings as some of the reviews I've read for this place highly suggest them.  Whatever... They fucking creamed the peas... I had visions of whole beans, wrapped in lightly steamed wrappers, but no... They creamed it, and it was like putting baby food in my mouth... Only less flavorful.Next I had the ONLY thing that I found interesting as an entree - Monkfish.  Yes, I am a fan of Monkfish - here, it was served in an uninspired Kung Pao... What fail... What a waste of Monkfish.I haven't dined here in over 2 years and I have to say I think the food has improved.  I came here with 5 others and we tried a bunch of dishes.  Please see Andrew Y's review on 10/30/10 on what we ordered.  Everything was extremely flavorful and well presented.  Definitely no complaints on ambiance as the space is beautiful!  For service, it was up there for sure.If you have out of town friends and are looking for a night out in NY, this is a great place to start your evening.  Be sure to make reservations as this place is packed, especially weekends.So nice. I would've given you 5 stars if you weren't trying to kick me out Buddakan!Oh where do I start? The people? The decor? The food? The cocktails? The sake? Sigh*It was our end of the year office party and we decided Buddakan would be an acceptable choice of venue. So...the decor - how pretty! The lounge area is so sleek. The paintings in the restaurant are just sexy. You know that if the restaurant can hang a wall painting behind the front desk - again its just sexy. It took my breathe away (all you yelpers might think I'm over-exaggerating - but I like the restaurant so let me say all the good things I want). The main dining hall is so sexy with its high ceilings. So nice. They have this section of the dining area where the walls are painted like book shelves. The bindings are all gold. People dub it as "The Library." So nice. LOL @ the people that work there. I guess my coworkers don't often fancy these type of restaurants. They were commenting on how the hosts (or maitre d's?) looked like security bodyguards. Hilarious. Nice people but sort of pushy in my opinion. Almost snobbish I guess. Jalapeño liquor? What? Why?! Cool. My first cocktail was charm. Very pretty and not strong. It is made with passion fruit liqueur, apple, fresh berries and prosecco. It's a good starter cocktail. My next cocktail is fever; made with mezcal, lime, jalapeno and pomegranate. Ever had a spicy cocktail? This is it. It has quite a kick to it. Very enjoyable though.  We also had a bottle of sake (sorry don't remember which). Lastly, the food. We ordered a whole bunch and if I commented on each one - well no one would ever read this yelp because then it would just take up the entire page. Highlights - lobster egg rolls, general tso's dumplings, deviled tuna tartare, and shrimp and lobster chow fun.  The not so greats - edamame dumplings. The reason for this is just because the texture bothered me a bit. I know a lot of people like these so its just a preference thing. For sure for sure order the general tso's dumplings. We ordered only 2 in the beginning and then ordered another 2 because it was so great. I do have to say though they are pricey for the portion that the restaurant gives you. I do believe this is a spot you should hit up at least once. Would I go there again? If I can afford it then for sure. Def. one of the few top restaurants on my list. happy eatings~Buddakan has turned the ill-fated word, "trendy," into the positive.There's LIFE found in every corner.  Whether you're here for the Carrie & Big romance, a girl's night out or here for the scrumptious food, you're going to find it.Since this is a family-style place, we ordered one dish from each section of the menu to share.  Almost everyone(minus one, te he he what-a-snob) was impressed by the food.Everything just works.  Out-of-towners will be pleased by your hospitality, and thank you for the glam NYC experience.Ecstatically swinging from the chandeliers, JdFThis really should be more like 3.5 stars, but I just can't go up to 4.The food here was prepared flawlessly, and while it was delicious, I didn't feel like it was anything new.  Nothing that really wowed me.And while the food was great, the service sucked.  I get that this place is trendy, but our waitress was so bored with us that when we were ordering she was actually staring at her nails...which was made all the more amusing by the fact that this restaurant is very, very dark.  They also have co-ed bathrooms, which I loathe.  I dislike them because men drag down the level of cleanliness you usually find in a women's room, and as one of my male dining companions pointed out, they also make the line longer for everyone involved.  Again, the food was delicious, but I don't know that I would go back when there are so many other fantastic restaurants to choose from in NYC.Someone bought me the duck dish here one night when I was out on the town with my friend and it WAS RAD. Large portion, perfectly crispy on the outside, served with the authentic thin Beijing wraps (surprise! those little white buns are NOT how they actually serve it in Beijing), chives, duck sauce, etc. Seriously delicious, who knew?We got the "Charm" and "Lush" drinks and the "Lush" was not very good. "Charm" was much better, but holds no candle to the White Lily at Morimoto.The atmosphere here is LOUD. Not a good spot for a romantic date, but a great spot to eat something delicious before going clubbing. It is also quite packed, so be ready to wait if you don't have reservations.I came to Buddakan this past Saturday on Christmas Eve after making reservations on OpenTable earlier that week for 6:15PM, which was the only available time slot. It was a bit hard to even find the door to this place because tourists were too busy standing outside the door and blocking the sign. Anyways, you walk in and it's black and the counter is like that of a hotel lobby. I check in with one of the hostesses and she asks us to wait in the bar/lounge area for someone to seat us. A girl did come in 5 minutes after we sat down. She showed us to our table, which was right next to the stairs to go downstairs. It is a huge restaurant. Downstairs looked even bigger and brighter!So what did we order?We ordered two drinks. They were pretty strong. That's a good sign since they don't hold back on the alchohol and you get your money's worth!For appetizers, we ordered the Spicy Yellowtail and Chili Rock Shrimp. They were both pretty good. I liked the Spicy Yellowtail a lot. It was interesting and different from what I've had before.For entrees, we ordered the Black Pepper Beef, Roast Duck Noodles, and Lobster Fried Rice. The Black Pepper Beef was so savory and juicy! I loved it! It went well pair with with the Lobster Fried Rice. I think the fried rice has been sitting there in the kitchen for a little bit because it wasn't as hot as I thought it would be compared to the beef. And the rice was a little hard. As for the Roast Duck Noodles, it was in a hot soup and pot when it came out. There was actually roast duck meat and not just the skin and the noodles were awesome. The dish was nice and fresh. I loved it too!For desserts, we ordered the Crying Chocolate that was chocolate cake with malted chocolate ganache, milk caramel, jasmine tea ice cream. And we ordered the Almond Bread Pudding that came with maple butterscotch, bananas, whiskey ice cream. Both desserts were amazing and delicious! The ice cream flavors are not as strong as they sound. I was imagining the whiskey ice cream to taste a lot like alcohol, but it was more like vanilla...lol.As far as the prices are concerned, this is an expensive restaurant, but it has a great ambiance and it is definitely a romantic restaurant and a place to have a great time.To sum up the night, it was just an amazing experience and I had a great time! :)Love Buddakan!The restaurant is beautiful. The decor is very unique, and grandiose at the same time. I really enjoyed dining here.We came here on our anniversary on a Friday, without making any reservations (yes very foolish of me), and the place was super crowded. They told us that we can wait and eat at the lounge, but that won't guarantee us a table. After being seated at the nice lounge, I decided to ask the manager nicely for a table, and expained to him that it was our anniversary and I forgot to make reservations. He was extremely nice and told us we'll be seated shortly, and was so kind that he gave us complimentary glasses of champaigne and desert. That's right..free!  Now that's what I call great service, and I really didn't expect it from this restaurant.We were seated at the giant communal table (where you sit with other people). It's a bit loud, but the atosphere at the table was great.I ordered the Black Pepper Beef and it was very good. Definitely recommend it. The Chili Rock Shrimp was also very good, and I'll make sure to order that for myself next time I'm there.Overall, it was a very nice experience, and I can't wait to go back.Well now that I have actually set food in the ultra-trendy venue that serves delicious Asian food, I can say for myself that it is pretty hot.  All of the dishes we ordered were pretty much worth the money - and there is a large selection of things to choose from on the menu.  The only thing that tainted our personal experiences was the brusque attitude of our waiter.  He just seemed to hate us, though I don't know why since we weren't the least bit rude and we did order most of his suggestions (His highest recommendation was the Charred Beef entree which came cut in big medium rare chunks with a rich butter sauce to dribble all over it.  I think it was my favorite thing).  So yeah, the waiter's 'tude kind of put a damper on the evening, but the food is so good and the decor is so pretty that i still will tell you all to go there so you can feel special on your special occasion.  Unless you're rich and every weekend is a special occasion.  Then, go there immediately too. Other food we ate: Apps:1. Tuna tartare in crispy cannoli like shells - really good.2. Crab shumai - good, but, honestly, I thought it was going to be better3. EDAMAME DUMPLINGS - ohsogood.  Get them!  RIch and different!Entrees:1. Crispy Shrimp - I didn't like too much; the crisp was too skin/shell like2. Charred Beef - my favorite thing of the night, next to edam. dumplings3. Sweet and Sour Chicken - good, but you've had something like it beforeSide: 1. Lobster Fried Rice - Big chunks of lobster, flavorful; good choice.Dessert: 1. Crying Chocolate - their version of a molten chocolate cake.  Comes with coffee ice cream. Very good, not super amazing; portion small, you won't want to share; visually stimulating though.So that's the night at Buddakan.  In addition, the bartender suggested a drink called Fate.  It was good but now I forget why - obviously, not memorable, then.  Good, but I think I enjoy the Spice Market ambience more - though the food there isn't as good.  And that's all I have to say about that.SEEN IN:  "Sex and the City," the movie.  Carrie and Big have their rehearsal dinner there the night before the wedding and Miranda tells Big she doesn't know WHY anyone gets married...oooh no she didn't!The decor of this place is so impressive! The space is huge and you feel like you are in an Emperor's palace from Asia. Each room is spacious, dark and filled with modern antique like vases. Although we ate upstairs, the downstairs room is amazing! Once you look down, you see a long table with 3 huge chandeliers. This would be a perfect place for a large party.For Valentine's day, I dined here with 3 other lovely ladies. The cuisine is fusion, upscale Chinese. Everything is meant to be shared family style. Everything was presented in a beautiful, unique fashion. For starters we shared four appetizers:Deviled tuna tartare: Delicious, fresh tuna was mixed with avocado and diced eggs. Steamed sea bass wrapped with lettuce: This was really light and fresh.Chili rock shrimp: These tasted like popcorn shrimp flavored with spicy chili oil. VERY good!Scallion pancakes: These were SO good, crispy onion pancakes topped with braised short ribs and julienned apples. This is a must order!For our entrees, we also shared four:Peking duck: juicy, tender meat and crispy skin were served with scallions, cucumbers, and hoisin sauce on the side. You take a mini tortilla and wrap it in all the ingredients. Fun and SO good.Lobster meat and eggplant: Huge lobster meat diced and stir fried with black bean sauce. Lamb chops: mini lamb chops were also very juicy and tenderSweet & Sour scallops: really good and the sauce was served with an unique combination, corn and black beans.Dessert was yummy! We had the white chocolate frozen parfait with kumquat ice cream. The white chocolate just tasted like ice cream.. and the tart flavor from the kumquat ice cream was a really good combinations. We also shared the coconut souffle. It was very airy and light and it was served with a side of sauteed pineapples. Overall, I would highly recommend coming here if you want to go out big. The atmosphere in itself is worth coming here. It's very New York!I finally booked a reasonable reservation at Buddakan and ended up having one of my best meals in NYC. I wasn't sure if it would live up to the hype due to the Sex & The City association, but I'm glad to report I was wrong.I won't repeat too much as there are plenty of reviews here already. But I will say that I've given very few 5-star reviews, so I don't take this rating lightly.Here's what we had:- Tuna Tartare Spring Rolls ---Amazing!- Edamame Dumplings --- Amazing!- Black Cod dish - The best cod I've had. Ever. Period. Try it!- Lobster Fried Rice - Very good- Roasted Duck Noodles - Very good. The dumplings are great!- Fate Cocktail - Yummy! Must- try.We split this among 3 girls and were full. We could have done without one of the bigger dishes too and would have ordered dessert in that case. Damage wasn't too bad at $55 per person after tax and tip including one drink.This place is a definite must-try.Adventures with an Expense Account (part II):Last night, Monday, we had a large corporate dinner at Buddakan.  Reservations for 6:30 and got the large communal table on the lower level.  The food was served family style, with a preset menu, and the alcohol was flowing, from a preset menu.  The food (approx 6 types of dim sum / apps, 5 types of entrees, and 6 types of dessert) and booze (sake, red and white wine, cocktails) were mostly great!  I wish I could describe everything we were served, I can't, but I can tell you my favorites!Dim Sum / Apps:- Edamame Dumplings- Tuna Spring RollsEntrees:- Sweet Crispy Jumbo Shrimp- Roasted duck served with cucumber, scallions, hoisin sauceDessert:- Crying Chocolate- White Chocolate Rice PuddingThe Pinot Noir and the Malbec were great and the Silence tea I ordered with the dessert was really nice too!All and all the service was wonderful, however a little heavy on the alcohol pouring, and we all had a great time!Thanks BuddakanI thought it was great.The front desk was as if your checking into a hotel, makes sense for the size of this palce. The decor was amazing. We shared meals and took suggestions from the waiter. He was very knowledgable and helpful. We asked him about frog legs to try something different and we took him up on it. Not my particular taste but I was happy to try something new.The serlion cut was cooked to perfection and has the best garlic butter sauce I ever had. It was the best cooked piece I ever had.After missing running late and therefore missing our reservation time, we had to wait (and wait) to be seated.  I'm glad we decided to stick around though.  I figured this place to be more about the scene than the food, so I didn't expect much of the food.  To my surprise though, the food was actually pretty good.  We had a few drinks and ordered a few apps, then each ordered one entree.   A lot I know, it may seem a bit much, but my friend and I wanted to be able to try a few things out.The place itself was really something to look at.  When you enter it's super dark and there is a sleek counter with more than say 3 girls waiting to get your reservation info.  Felt more like a hotel than a restaurant to me, but nice.  While we waited we stood in the bar area, and I mean stood in the only free spot in the room.  The place was jam packed.  The place was huge, dim, and very  modern looking.  It looked like it was something straight out of a movie, or a show.  You know the one...All in all, the place was really pretty.  As for the rest, (again) I was pleasantly surprised.  P.S. Yummy pork belly!!Seriously thought this place would be just a scene. boy, was i wrong! everything here was incredibly good!! (except for the sweet & crispy shrimp entree -- which come on, that's enough for an entree?!) i'd recommend any of the dim sum dumplings (especially the carrot ones that looked like carrots!), the char siu roast pork, and the roast duck noodles.This was a wonderful dining experience! The food was amazing, the staff were polite and highly knowledgeable. The interior had a very zen feeling to it and the music was pleasant and not too loud. I would highly recommend!Advisory: No pretentious soliloquies about the awe inspiring Blah blah blah. BILL ($118) 1 app, 2 entrees, 1 cocktail, 1 cappuccino, 1 tea, 1 dessert, 1 side dish. Crowd: hip 20 something's and tourists in-the-know. Service: friendly, attentive, and did not rush us at all. FAMILY STYLE SERVING. Drinks: HAZE- Plymouth Gin, litchi and sake: Very good, thick and sweet. Had 2!!Atmosphere: Everything is overdone and Beautiful! Chandeliers and ornate walls, smaller tables are not in the fantastic center but tucked away in a more ZEN-inspired seating area. Still nice... Felt a bit touristy, but had more than its fair share of hip sex and the city-cocktail-sipping-barely eating crowd too. Food:- Edamame Dumplings: Amazing! My boyfriend was put off bc the Edamame filling was puréed but I liked it. (4 Dumplings) -Black Peppered Beef: the rib eye was cooked well and was very juicy and tender. -Mongolian Lamb Chops: My favorite! Cooked medium, crystallized outer layer. Perfect combination of sweet and savory! I loved it! Only downside was the portion was too small for how much I wanted! -Chinese Sausage Fried Rice: overly large bowl of fried rice, cooked egg, and sausage. basic but good. DESSERT!-Crying Chocolate: Oh so rich! The jasmine tea ice cream was delicious and the cake had a chocolate shell with malted chocolate ganache filling. Both were amazing, decadent, and enough to share due to not needing a lot because of the richness of it. Would go again, not too expensive... But could be if you aren't prudent with the small and expensive (~$20) appetizers.What a scene, and what a room.Showed up early to try for a table with a friend and we were slammed in the tiny bar area like sardines, and walked over to the top of dining room stairs, and how incredible a sight. A huge cavern of a room with epic-sized circular chandeliers, we had to make connection phone calls for a table (friend works PR), and decided on Spice Market (mistake) instead. Aghast on the beautiful space. Felt like church (in a good way).Might not jinx it with an actual dinner.Have you ever had a dream of making a big entrance at an event where the soundtrack perfectly complements your walk as you make your descent down a grand staircase? For me, this dream usually ends in a nightmare with me falling or slipping down the stairs. Don't worry friends, I DIDN'T FALL! But someone else did while I was eating dinner in the main room. Insert schadenfreudian relief here. I didn't even think about this scenario until I saw an unfortunate female slip down some stairs while more than a dozen heads whipped around to look. Decor = DANGEROUS! But pretty impressive. I really liked the modern, Asian aesthetic. Food = Overall pretty good. Most of the dishes we ordered were good with a few exceptional ones. --- Edamame dumplings - This pureed goodness was amazing. I swore there was truffle oil in there, but it wasn't listed in the menu. The texture was perfect and the flavor was well balanced and like nothing else I've ever had. --- Deviled tuna tartare - This combines 2 of my favorite foods - raw tuna and deviled eggs. Mix in some srircha mayo - DAMN! --- Sweet and crispy jumbo shrimp - Flavorful and fried. I could eat bowls of this. --- Boneless spare ribs - The meat was tender and reminded me of Korean BBQ. Loved this. Things that I would skip--- Taro Puff Lollipop - Blech. Too salty and the texture wasn't quite right. Don't get me wrong, I love my fried foods, but this wasn't too good. --- Kimchee cauliflower - Pass--- Crab fried rice - PassService - Excellent! I loved our server who was knowledgeable and attentive.I am pretty picky when it comes to Asian food, since I am pretty spoiled by my mother's cooking and not to mention a lot of my friends' mothers home cooking.When R was trying to figure out where to take me, since I wasn't into R's first choice of Italian. R was in between Morimoto, Buddhakan and Momofuku. I was definitely not a fan of Momofuku, since their food doesn't really cater to an Asian palate.R called to see if you need a resy and the wait for two was over an hour or so. We ended up taking our chance and went there anyways.R's been to Buddhakan in Philly and really enjoys their food.Overpriced Asian food is really not my thing because you can find better tasting ones for 75% less and not to mention you can feed 4 other people along with it. But I didn't want to be difficult so I said why not try it.Since I never been here before I let R do the ordering and just voiced my opinion when the waitress suggested the Edamame Dumpling. I like Edamame but I couldn't picture myself eating it in a wrapper since I am guessing it would be in paste form.R got a Chimay and I opted for Persecco rather than their specialty drinks.R ordered the following:Crispy Calamari Salad green apples, cashews, miso vinaigrette - this was probably my most favourite dish. I really love the miso vinaigrette. Really Yummy.Peking Duck Roll crispy radish, hoisin - good but don't think they were worth 12 bucks.Chili Rock Shrimp toasted ginger - decent...wish it would have more of a kick though.Spicy Crab & Shan Tong Noodles jumbo lump crab, spicy szechuan sauce - good but you didn't really feel the numbness from the szechuan spice.Didn't get dessert since there wasn't really anything that stood out besides the Yuzu Sorbet and R's not into Asian desserts.All the food were either decent or good but nothing we had blew my mind or did I think was worth the price. Usually with upscale Asian restaurants, you're paying for the ambiance and the cost of their interior design.If you are in the mood for trendy asian fusion place you may want to try Buddakan. It's a nice place and the food is good. Make sure you have reservations. It gets packed. You won't feel it much though because the place is huge. For appetizer I would recommend Edamame Dumplings. They are to die for. Never had such unique Dumplings. They are light as an air but so tasty. You might even want to get two orders of those. I also liked Deviled Tuna Tartare. I'm a big fan of tuna tartare and it's good there. Rice and Noodles are also very good there. I wish I remembered which ones I had. But I'm pretty sure they are all good. But my Favorite meat dish there is Charred Filet of Beef (wonton crisps, mustard sauce). It is unbelievable. You have to try it there. And the sauce is soo tasty. Perfect combo.Delicious!!!!!! I actually went with the lovely Megan E. (look down)  and I agree with everything she said.  I was sitting at the opposite end of the table and sadly did not get any lollipops (though they looked awesome) BUT we had tons of deliciousness at our end including (but definitely not limited too)1. Tuna tartar spring rolls (they were perfect!)2. The cod entree...amazing!Also, I shared a bottle of the wine and it was actually well priced considering the price tag of everything else.All in all -- it's pricey but it should be...food like this is a fun treat!!I would this place is more of a 4.5 star place. Bottom line was this place had a awesome decor, great service and good food. We got the corner table and I kinda remember what we ate...Good/great: edamame dumplings, charred asparagus, vegatable stir fry, hoisin glazed pork belly, whole crispy fish.Just OK: tuna tartare spring roll, scallion pancakes, vegatable fried rice. Dessert - try the crying chocolate. The donuts were not that great, and I love fried stuff...This restaurant gets the 4 stars simply for its size alone. The place was HUGE and the decoration awesome.  We went on a Wednesday night and made a reservation for 3.  When we arrived (10 minutes early) we were sent to the bar area to wait for our table to be ready.  While the place wasn't nearly as crowded as I thought it would be, it still had a fair amount of people for the early hour.  As we left around 9/10pm, we started to see more people filter in.Our waiter was awesome!  He was on top of everything and extremely friendly.  The food was served ridiculously quick and extremely hot.  We had the following:  Endamame Dumplings Short RibsRock ShrimpLobster Egg RollsBraised Beef RibWhole Fried FishCrab Sticky RiceBanana Fritters (can't recall what the other item was with it)1 glass of wine + 1 crown/coke + 1 tranquility =$200.00 without tipI will say that the food was tasty but I really had higher expectations based on all of the reviews and hype.  The food was just a-okay and I think that PF Changs might give them a run for their money on certain dishes.  I would definitely go back to try additional dishes but would make sure we went as a group to split the bill! =)Yelp review highlights usually never fails (unless it captures some weird keywords sometimes) and this time I got just what the Yelpers recommended.I tried the Rock Shrimp, Lobster Fried Rice, and Pork Buns. All three were pretty good, though nothing spectacular. I liked how spacious the restaurant was, considering it was in NY. It was dimly lit with nice decor and the service was great. Though for mediocre chinese food it was a bit on the pricier side. Still a pretty good find right next to Chelsea Marketplace.New York City houses some of the most incredible restaurants in the world, but Buddakan is especially spectacular. Though they serve you family style, the portions are very generous and to die for! The ambiance is amazing as you enter this dark and enchanting wood-carved structure, and it is possibly the largest restaurant I have been too in NYC. I ordered a glass of the Pinot Noir, followed by spicy pork & cauliflower, sea bass, pad thai, the list goes on.I suggest you bring your appetite!!I can't wait to go back.P.S. to all you Sex & the City fans, this is where they taped the engagement party scene.THIS PLACE IS PRETTY BOMB D0T COM. I've been meaning to go here for some time now. Heard lots of good things, and I totally agree with everything I was told. 1) PORK BUNS. Honestly, I LOVE pork buns (like... if you could only eat one thing for the rest of your life what would it be? PORK BUNS) but Buddakan's pork buns destroy ippudo's, momofuku's, zutto's you name it. It's so delicious. They give you the buns on the side so you can make your own and eat it however you like.2) LOBSTER FRIED RICE... a little overrated if you ask me. Seems like they just made simple fried rice and threw in lobster pieces. ooo watch out so hard. it's still good. 3) SHORTRIBS... okay hi and listen up... LITERALLY i repeat LITERALLY... the meat just falls off. cooked to perfection. comes with a side of flat noodles (like the ones they use in pad see yew)... complements the meat real well. 4) VEGETABLES. very simple but very flavorful. can't go wrong. 5) OKAY SO THIS IS WHERE I DEDUCT A STAR... DO NOT ...DO NOT...DO NOT ORDER THE MAPPOTOFU. Our server said that Buddakan's is better than one her chinese chef taught her but... UMMMMMMM NO.it tasted like soft tofu thrown into bean paste. Not spicy at alllll even though it had a little spicy note. i dont understand. we were winning til this dish came out. OY. Anyhoo. Check this place out. THE PLACE IS HUGE!!! & THE DECOR IS GORGEOUS. Makes you feel like youre in an episode of Gossip Girl or something. Next time I'm going to get this dish with fried crabs... looked good.One of my favourite places for dinner in the city!! With a date, group of friends, or corporate dinner. The place it is perfect for any occasion. Dishes are original, yummy, and extremely nice presented.Love the long table in the middle!Funny fact: This place appears in SATC movie!This place is amazing! Loved the Asian fusion food. I would say the food are quite authentic. The lamb chops were huge compare to places i've been to. They were sooo good. Also, the Dungeness crab sticky rice was sooo delicious. You must order the desserts, they were all outstanding! I was soo full and satisfied. One point off for the dark room. It was too dark, we could barely see what's on the menu.Hot girls, hotter men, high ceilings, humungous chandeliers, funky lighting, celebrity watching, all that jazz.  The term hot spot is an understatement of the decade. My buddy and I checked out this sensational restaurant in fall last year and boy was it fun. You don't have to be a celebrity to get in, just enjoy good food and yes, have a big wallet. The scallop dumplings are amazing, as is the sea bass curry. Their drinks are delicious and service is efficient, yet friendly. Everything said and done, the experience was fantastic. Two hours later, I had attained nirvana. Oh and get a table at the main level overlooking the large communal table.Buddakan gets 5 stars from me hands down EVERYTIME.  Ok, so here is the deal.  First and foremost, if you do NOT make reservations then please do NOT complain about any type of dining experience here because if  you sat by the bar/lounge area then you did NOT have a dining experience here.Sometimes I crave Buddakan so much that I do not care to sit by the bar/lounge area and if you just want to pop in then that is most likely where you will be sitting at.Music - music programming and the level that they play it at within establishments is a HUGE thing for me.  Being in the music industry and an avid LOVER of music, I need music everywhere I go and Buddakan does not disappoint.  Kudos to whomever is picking their selections because not only do you get an extremely authentic feel from the music, but the music also matches the decor, the audience, the neighborhood, the prices, and the overall experience.Food - the food at Buddakan is to DIE for.  I will only review the items that I have had myself and eaten.  :::For Appetizers::: -  I normally order and LOVE the General Tso's dumplings!  These dumplings are HOTTTT so puncture a hole in them with your chopsticks and let some of the steam out before you actually bite into them or face the consequences! LOL no lie. I also ALWAYS order the Chili Rock Shrimp which is also to DIE for (for me) and extremely tasty.  It is an ABSOLUTE must try! :::For the Main Course::: - I normally order the Chinese Sausage Fried Rice which comes with a fried egg that I like to chop up into the rice and throw some soy sauce on. mmmmm I am now craving Buddakan and I am stuck in L.A. FML! LOLas an FYI I have had the Lobster Fried Rice and it is really good as well I just prefer the Chinese Sausage one. =) I also usually order the Charred Fillet of Beef which is always tasty and I get it medium rare. mmmmGlazed Alaskan Black Cod - SUPER YUM!Garlic Lobster - MMMMMShrimp & Lobster Chow Fun! YES!!!It depends on what my stomach feels like but it is always a choice between the Beef or the Cod for me!As a side dish one of my friends LOVES the Cauliflower Stir Fry which is also extremely good considering i don't like cauliflower!The drinks are always well made and tasty.  I have my own favorites!Decor - before I forget - chic, cool, and fun.  very trendy. seductive!!!What can I say? Buddakan is your typical Meatpacking restaurant - swanky with beautiful Asian-inspired decor. It's a place to dine and be seen. I would bash these sort of establishments, but the food here is truly amazing! I think Buddakan brings Asian food to a whole new level.There is a nice lounge area where you can sit and order drinks before being seated. Cocktails were very good - I recommend trying the Charm cocktail. My friends came here for a special occasion and we decided to go all out. I recommend ordering the lobster spring rolls and the hoisin glazed pork belly as appetizers. The pork belly was a sensory explosion - the pork belly was cooked to perfection and it basically melts in your mouth.The snap peas were surprisingly very delicious. My friends and I couldn't stop raving about it even though it's just a simple snap pea dish. The fresh ingredients really spoke for themselves.Skip the chilled udon noodles - not memorable and left a funny aftertaste in my mouth. Did not like the combination of the lime juice and the peanut butter.Service was very good. Food came out really quickly. I think we outstayed our welcome and chatted a bit after dessert and we could tell the waiter getting a bit annoyed with us.This is my favorite restaurant of all time!  My wife (girlfriend at the time) ate here back in '11.  It was my 2nd time and her first.  She will agree, Budakkan is the best place for food and experience.  From the coat check, to the bar, to the service.  It is ALL top notch.  We had reservations for 11:15PM after a show.  The show got out earlier than planned.  I explained to the hostess and she was able to get us seated at 10:45.  They sat us down on the lower level at the back bar area.  It was so quiet and romantic.  EVERYTHING we ordered was incredible.  The lobster spring rolls, edamame dumplings and Kung Pao monkfish were no doubt the best dishes of all time.  We did not leave the restaurant until 1:30AM and it was STILL packed.  When in NYC, this is a no doubter.  YOU WILL NOT BE SORRY!This is my favorite Nobu-esque spot but Chinese cuisine.  Request the cozy Library Room, where you can watch people at the hidden bar, or enjoy the glow from the rooms Golden lighting.As you head down their grand stairwell, and enter the ballroom dining room, complete with chandeliers, and pure luxury decor, the Library room offers a more intimate feel.Food is delicous, the lollipop taro puffs are cleverly presented.  The dishes we shared were all tasty, and the fusion approach was quite sucessful.  This is one of those places where you have to be ready to paint the town red, compete with a sexy dress, clutch, and an eye candy in tow.  The patrons are very city chic, the reservations must be made, the hostesses quite numerous, due to the size of this place.  Even with reservations, expect to wait.  Typical NYC...  Which brings me to the point, that beautiful places have no bearings to how the food is.  Case in point-I've been to Spice Market, when that was the place to go, and despite the beautiful decor, the food was never quite up to par, and I had returned a few times to make sure I wasn't there on an off night...  but Buddakan truly comes up on top as the place to go, for the decor, the people watching, and the food.  So I don't mind if this is the cool trendy place to go, as long as they keep the food tasty, the service good, and the decor well maintained.  I plan on coming back as soon as possible!  This place is yummy chic!!!The decor is amazing...simply amazing.  One of the best that I've been to thus far in NYC...one of the largest too.  The only things off the top of my head that I can think are that big are Del Posto, Tao and Megu.Hostesses are incompetent.  We arrived at 9:30 for our 9:30 reservation...at 9:50 we asked how long it would take and got an "Oh, I didn't think the whole party was here." (which still boggles my mind why a place won't sit a group of say 4 out of 6 people or whatever)So waiting in the bar wasn't that bad, had a goog cocktail the Redemption; but, the seating and set up isn't very user friendly.Not our server's fault (there were 11 of us); but, the food was very slow to come out and very spotty. Even after an appetizer (scallion pancake..not good), entree (schezuan strip steak...very good) and desert (crying chocolate...YUM) I still wanted a slice of pizza or hot dog on the walk home.Good food, great music, chic space, lots of people watching. The place to go, when you're in the mood to dance but don't want to deal with the hassle. The food and drinks are good enough that I don't mind having dinner there.Asian Food @ European Price/PortionIf you want to raise your pinky while drinking out of your glass this is your place. Suits and Monocle is a must. Decor : SuperbPortions: TerriblePrices: TerribleCuisine: Asian/Thai/BukkakeWaiter did not know anything about Sake.Good thing a Pharmaceutical Rep paid for my lunch.  :O)Preface: Had a few cocktails before dinner. The fact that I fell down the stairs on my way to the bathroom should be an indicator that this may not be an accurate review of the food but there is no doubt that the atmosphere is great.Tuna Tartar spring roll: It was better than I expected. I'm not a spring roll person. However, it wasn't too doughy, not at all oily and it was perfectly crispy.Yellow tail yu sheng: I'm not an aggressive person, but I did fight for the last piece of yellow tail. I was either really hungry or it was really good.Dungeness crab sticky rice: Too spicy for me. Not just spicy where it makes your noise run, but the type that gets you coughing up a storm where everyone at the table is asking, "Are you ok?"Sugar snap peas: mehh. Tastes like the way they make it in real school chinese restaurants. Thought it'd be better.I think next time I dine here, I'll just order a bunch of appetizers.Yeah, I'm a little slow in knowing that this place is kind of my dream come true.  Dark, sexy, modern, and gorgeous.  You walk in and there's a giant hotel-like front desk where you check in.  Then we were instructed to wait by the bar while our table gets ready.  We had a glass of prosecco (priced decently, $9) while we waited, about 5 minutes.  We were then ushered down the stairs through the grand dining room, to our table in the far side room.  Nicest touch ever was when the hostess carried my champagne for me down the stairs, as high heels + stairs = wobbles.  Super nice touch.At the table, our server came right away and was friendly, attentive, smart, fast, and basically perfect.  Immediately after sitting, an amuse bouche of tuna tartare and spicy yellowtail arrived - both amazing.  Considered ordering full orders of each, but wanted to try more things.  So:We ordered:- edamame dumplings - which were great.  Basically like buttery mashed potato with a delicate wrapper.  All one texture, melts in your mouth.-scallion pancake - a plate of 4 rectangular pancakes, piled high with braised short rib.  More about the beef than the pancake, totally amazing.-Udon noodle with lime sorbet, peanut sauce, cashews, lime, snowpeas, sprouts, and crystalized ginger.  This side dish is magically fresh and delicious.-Ginger-crusted lamb chops - a plate of 3 lamb lollipops, medium rare.  So good I literrally got emotional.-Mapu Tofu - Excellent.  My husband has eaten this dish all over China and said this was up there with the best of them.  A huge serving of white rice accompanies the dish, the only item on the table we didn't finish.We also tried (yes) three of the desserts.  The peanut butter bomb was only ok - it suffered from a heavy shell which I didn't like, but the inside peanut butter mousse was nice.  Much better was the chocolate torte with coffee ice cream, but the best, I thought by far, was the cheesecake with pear sorbet.  Amazing.  Although, the food at this restaurant was SO great, that when dessert came, it almost felt like an afterthought - like - just unnecessary after all the good 'real' food we'd just had.Also had a bottle of cold, unfiltered sake which tasted like candy-goodness.And for all this gloriousness, the check came out to be way less than I expected.  Totally reasonably priced.  I can't wait to go back and try more things on the menu, which is pretty rare for me.Basically my new favorite restaurant.  Wish I had gone sooner.Stumbled here after having cocktails & apps at Beauty & Essex....Upscale, beautiful and modern decor and delicious Fusion/Chinese food!-Lychee Martini = Tasty-Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly = Really good, comes with steamed buns on the side-Sesame Shrimp Toast = Good-Lobster Fried Rice = Okay, could have done without-Mao Poe Tofu = The best thing we ordered, so gooooooodddd!I swear I am not a pig...the waiter conned me into ordering tons of food. He claimed that the portions were really tiny, LIES Lies Liessss!!!! They were all decently portioned for sharing. Bastard.Great drinks, great food, great place to ppl watch!! What more can you ask for!!  The manager is sooooo nice... we were there just a minute past the last call for order but he took our order anyways, and it came out sooo quickly!  You gotta try their Crab Fried Rice!! It is amazing and the crab is sooooooooooo sweet!  They recommended the Edamame Dumplings which is supposed to be their signature dish but I didn't care too much for it!!  A little too heavy for me!Make sure you have their specialty cocktails!  I luv'd the "charm"...can't hurt to add a little more "charm" to my body. ;-)A very slick Asianese fusion restaurant in a very trendy neighborhood.  This is a very good spot to socialize over dinner.  The restaurant is enormous so the wait shouldn't be too bad if you don't have reservations.  As far as the dinner goes, everything we sampled was very good.  Appetizers:- The edamame  dumplings ($12) were delicious (the edamame is pureed and made into a dumpling) and are not to be missed.  If you like to party, order two servings.- The Peking duck salad ($15) was very good and consisted of crispy duck skin as well as duck meat over a salad with a sherry vinaigrette which has a cooked egg placed upon the salad.  To finish the presentation, the egg yolk is broken and mixed into the salad.  It was an excellent appetizer.  Enough to share. Unless you're too fat to share a salad.  Than enough for one.- The boneless spare ribs were good...but nothing much different that you can get from your local China Wok, Wok and Roll, China Hut, Panda ______, or whatever your local Americanese restaurant is called.  Except their $13.  I guess that's a difference.  Entrees:- The chow fun was awesome.  The noodles were great and there was a very generous portion of lobster and shrimp.- The sweet and crunchy shrimp ($25) were delicious but it's not a lot of food.  About 7 medium size shrimp (not a lot of value, but tasty).  These are pretty much "bang-bang" shrimp.- The ribeye ($28) was pretty ok.  Not a great steak but cooked well.  The fried turnips it was accompanied by were good.Side:- The lobster fried rice sucked.  I wouldn't waste my time on rice here again.  Save your dough or get some more edamame dumplings (hmmmm).Dessert:- The chocolate peanut butter bomb was crazy good.  It included a small amount of peanut butter ice cream, a chocolate covered PB tart, and a PB ganache.  It was perfect ending to the meal.  Value:There's not a lot of value on the menu.  You're paying for the hip social scene in addition to the great food.  They did have a fixed menu special for $48 that included an appetizer, entree, side, and desert.  Not bad.  Overall, if you're rolling with a corporate card like this homey, looking for a good social gathering/date meal spot, or just like fusion, get yourself down here to grub on some very tasty food.  You could do much worse.If it is your first time, order the tasting menu#1. You can't go wrong.I had friends from out of town and I took them here... they were very impressed by the food and service.Of course it is a beautiful spot so were something pretty :)First let me say I'm not a snobby eater.  Yes, I like a great ambiance, but you don't have to be a snob about it.  The menu/food should do the talking for you.  So with that said this place was a bit fancier than I would go to on a regular basis, but we were visiting doing the touristy thing and on that note...it was a perfect choice.  Especially since some of Sex in the City was filmed in the place!!!  I actually walked by the front door at first and thought I was lost.  It's very dark and mysterious.  I did not know how dressy it was, but they said nothing and were very gracious (I had just come from the Empire State Building and was in jeans, tee, and uggs!).  The staircase going down to the table definitely makes a statement!  The bread pudding with the whiskey ice cream and bananas......*singing* aaaawesome-nesssss!  We were still talking about that the next damn day!  LoLI went to Buddakan when I was in town for a wedding.  After reading several reviews on Yelp, I figured it would be a good place to go with my parents who were also in town for the wedding.  I think everyone in our party liked it a great deal.  The ambiance was nice and the staff super friendly.  Price wise?  I thought it was more reasonable that I had expected.  As noted in other reviews, the Chili Rock Shrimp is amazing.  I can't say any more about it beyond what previous reviewers have said.  We vied for who would get the last few left in the bowl.  I'd recommend it to everyone without a shellfish allergy.  Our party also enjoyed the Tuna Tartare Spring Roll appetizer and Lobster Egg Rolls.  Our waiter, upon seeing 4 of us in the party informed us that an order of the spring rolls and egg rolls came out in a quantity of 3.  However, he told us he would have the kitchen prepare 4 so that we could all have some.  That is excellent customer service!  We loved the spring rolls but kind of wish we passed on the lobster egg rolls.  They did not blow me away and resembled more of the standard fair egg rolls that you could get in any Chinese restaurant.  The Glazed Alaskan Black Cod was divine!  I would order that meal again and again if given the chance.For dessert, we had the Crying Chocolate, Almond Bread Pudding, and Silken Yogurt Panna Cotta.  All were very tasty.  The bread pudding serving was enormous! More than enough to share between 2 to 3 people.  As far as drinks go, we had Fate and Virtue off the specialty cocktail list and beers and martinis.  The specialty cocktails were fun and refreshing.  I would probably come here again the next time I'm visiting New York.We went here on our first night out in New York with high expectations following the reviews on yelp but found the food to be average if not poor at times! The service was very good and the decor was stunning which set a good tone for the dinner. We ordered the edamame dumplings on recommendation which were not very nice at all. I am a big lover of red meat and was extremely disappointed with the quality of the lamb and thought the glazing was awful. Out of what we ordered, the yellow tail and the devilled tuna tartare were very nice however. It's a nice place with average food that is massively overpriced!Awesome place! Food, service and atmosphere is phenomenal!!!We had a res for 10.45 on Friday nite. Got there a bit early and went downstairs to the bar after we were told that they would come and find us (later found out that they actually write down what u r wearing cuz out of million people the lady came right up to us). The place is gorgeous, high ceilings with massive chandelliers, great for large parties, feels very open even with lot of people. The service is the reason for 1 star deduction, she seemed pissed and didnt talk too much. The food was the best part, the pekin duck and the lamb rib were one of the best chinese dishes i've ever tasted. Overal a great dining experience but will put a hole in ur wallet.Been here twice already. Atlantic City & the city. But we all know, if you haven't been to the one in the city, well, you haven't lived.Ambience is 10x better. Actually lost my res when I went there. (Sucks! I know) but luckily the maitre'd was oh so! accommodating. We were able to sit and have the full menu at the lounge area. Although it was a bit dark, still an awesome experience.Why don't they pardon being late? I mean its ONLY fashionable! We lost our res only after 15 mins. (bleh!) that's the only downside..the wait time. But then again, on a Saturday night in Meatpacking (wasn't really expecting anything less)The service was superb. We were able to get the full menu and even arrange the lounge table to our specifications, (which was great since it wasn't even reserved for us!) I love that the menu is sharing-friendly. And even ordering a dish for two was A LOT for me!Mongolian Lamb Chops**4/5**- great. The texture was perfect, and the flavor SUCCULENT!Lobster Fried Rice**5/5**- LOVE LOVE LOVE! It was perfect. Didn't need anything else. Chinese Sausage Fried Rice**3.5/5**- wasn't too impressed with this dish this time around. The rice was a bit undercooked. The cutting fee for (your own) cake is a drawback but not shocked. And the presentation did make up for the cost. ****Will be going back for the FULL EXPERIENCE VERY SOON!****The minute I stepped into this restaurant I fell in love with it. It was recommended twice to me. I had the Crispy Shrimp and Edamame Dumplings. They were amazing and very very tasty! I tried the duck also and it was very good. The signature drinks were very good also. The Triumph was something. And I have to add that the Pinot Noir was amazing. After we went downstairs to "The Library." The waiters were very kind. It has a very dark atmosphere. You can go online and make reservations, it's very simple. buddakannyc.comMake sure to get reservations early, it was extremely busy by 6. The Highline is walking distance away. So you can walk away the calories when your done with the meal.I tried to find Chef Dale Talde and was so delighted to find out that he's a consultant at Buddakkan.Had dinner there with my husband last Sunday and the  place was amazing! Enjoyed virtue even if I really don't drink.  We ordered the chili rock shrimp. It was good, but not as GOOD as the pork belly with hoisin sauce!  We also had the edamame dumplings, which is a bit too rich for me and lacked flavor. I was waiting for an explosion of flavors, but it fell short. Reminded me of my son's baby food. I was too full after that so we just shared the crispy fish of the day and the lobster fried rice. The presentation of the fish was just art. It was yummy, but I'm afraid I've had similar tasting fish at East Ocean in Forrest Hills, which is my favorite dimsum in New York. Our super nice waiter recommended the almond bread pudding and we will forever revere him for it! It is the most fabulous dessert I've had. In short, the four stars were mainly because of the pork belly, almond bread pudding, and a bit of the lobster rice. We need to go back and have some beef...then we'll find out if this place would be one of our all time favorites like the Dining Room in Pasadena, California.Food: 3/5Service: 4/5Decor: 4.5/5Wine: 3/5 QPR: 4/5Very busy restaurant in chelsea area.  Always, packed and busy but nice decoration.  Food is OK not impressive but nothing was bad either.  Our waiter was very nice, attentive with welcoming vibe.  It is fusion Asian cuisine and I recommend this place for group dining with friends and family and romantic(?) diner for NEW young couple.  Prices are reasonable compare to the quality and the service with decent wine list.The atmosphere is incredible and I love the communal table downstairs.  I've hosted parties using that space and it was always a big hit.  The best pork buns and soup dumplings and they do an amazing cucumber cocktail that I always crave.  I think the service is wonderful too.The restaurant is a wonderful space and place to be on a Thursday night. The food is delicious and the ambiance is great. The lighting is great too. Again the food was great but my waiter sucked a**! Maybe it was because the restaurant is so huge he had too many tables or maybe because he was worrying about his next audition. Broken Chili Chicken 4/5Wok Tossed Noodles w/Prawns 4/5Lobster Egg Rolls *4/5Charred Asparagus 4/5Sweet & Crispy Jumbo Shrimp ****6/5Bread Pudding 4.5/5Grandiose but ornate at the same time. Make a reservation and have a great timeWas here this past weekend for a friend's birthday.  Her friend was from out of town and my friend has only been living in the city for a few months, so we were looking for touristy "wow factor," which is right up Buddakan's alley.  Our group of 7 ate lots and lots of dishes.  I cannot remember them all.  Most were good, none were bad.  Appetizers seem better than the entrees.  I liked the edamame dumplings and the tuna tartare spring rolls.Not much to be said that hasn't already been said.  We had excellent services which makes you feel much better when your going out to a $$ place.The Kung Pao Monk Fink is excellent, if you've never had monkfish this is a great way to order it.  So were the pork buns.We left happy, full, mildly buzzed and with the expectations that we'd be backI thought I reviewed long time ago but I was not! I went there with one of my best friends and my husband early spring last year(2007). We were seated promptly to the table for four with bank seating on one side. I agree with most the space is gorgeous. The dining room downstairs wasn't noisy even as upstairs gotten busy and crowded for cocktails.The dinner can be as family style - meaning I could get to taste everyone's dishes. I easily get bored eating same dish even  if it is really good. We had Lobster Dumplings which I believe no longer in the menu was bland, Edamame Dumplings which the waiter highly recommended was excellent, Glazed Pork Belly was quite tasty but I like Okinawan pork belly that I was growing up eating. If I remember correctly, we also had Hamachi Tomato Salad as our last appetizer. I don't remember how that tasted like but it was very light. The entire portion is smaller so we ordered more so we did...Frog Legs, Spare Ribs and Hot and Sour Soup that is no longer in the menu and I don't miss it at all. For main dishes, Dry Aged NY Strip, Lamb Chops and some fish from the special. They were all good but not memorable. My husband decided he wanted to try all in the dessert menu so we did (none of drinks). I thought he was crazy but we pretty much finished all. They were good. My husband took a tab so I really don't know how much he paid for this dinner.I came here with a couple friends for dinner and had a good time.  The place is HUGE!!  And what was even more surprising was that every single table in this place was taken.  Even when we were leaving at 10:30 p.m. there was another swarm of people coming in -  and it was a Monday night!The pros:  waiter was friendly and nice, the atmosphere was cool, the jalapeno pomegranate drink was tasty, and the lamb chops and pork roast were DELICIOUSThe cons:  the hostesses at the front are not personable - almost cold, we had to wait for a table despite a reservation (what's the point of making a reservation then?) and the price is a bit more than I would like to pay for half the items we ordered.I came to Buddakan to celebrate my birthday. We were immediately directed to the lounge area for drinks until our table was ready. Despite arriving on time for our 7:30 reservation, it was half hour until we were seated. The ambiance here is very chic, dim lighting and lots of candles. There's a trendy crowd here, and lots of large groups. We were seated in the downstairs area which looked like a labyrinth of dimly lit rooms with long tables. Club music was pumping, adding to the vibe. Our waiter was warm and attentive.I started with a refreshing drink called Smash, which had strawberries. For appetizer, I had lobster egg rolls and my husband had spareribs. Both were good, but average. The entres didn't go as smoothly as expected. The waiter brought out my husband's dinner first, then our rice. I waited a least 10 minutes before my meal was served, which made it awkward for my husband who would not start his meal until mine was served. Shame on Buddakan. The charred filet was also average. The cod was soft and tasty, but the chef slightly burned the glaze on top. The tiny eggplant accompaniment also had a burnt taste, which virtually ruined the dish. Since the food was mediocre and the prices outrageous for the quality, we skipped dessert. The waitstaff brought out vanilla ice cream with Happy Birthday scrolled in chocolate, which was a nice touch.This is a place to try at least once, but IMHO the high prices are for the scene and good service, not the food. It's also better for large groups. The loud music isn't conducive to conversation, and I left with a sore throat.So I went in expecting good food, mediocre drinks, and a high price tag and amazing decor.Pretty much what I got.  Service was excellent, but that is to be expected at this kind of establishment.I had steamed cantonese fish - very good.. Pork glazed belly with steamed buns as app - very good tasty and tenderPot stickers - not much thereAsparagus side - bit boring and for my taste undercookedDungeoness crab sticky rice - I have had better in flushing, but this was good for an asian fusion place.Buddakan is the Meatpacking District equivalent to Midtown's Tao - big, over-the-top, pricey and a well-heeled crowd.  You can easily miss it - across the street from the Maritime hotel in a large black warehouse-looking building with a small lacquered sign.  It's quite the experience, and I'd have been satisfied with a selection of appetizers alone - actually, I feel like appetizer-only sampler is the way to go.With a date, this would be a better pick than Tao, as the variety of seating and slightly more intimate atmosphere lend to a better conversation spot - while still impressing a new interest or group of friends with an upscale pick in a trendy neighborhood.  Get 2 orders of the Rock Shrimp - I could eat these every single day and never get sick of them - as well as the General Tso Dumplings.  These are absolute, can't miss dishes.Also highly recommended are the Edamame Dumplings and Lobster Spring Rolls - these choices all sound similar, but I swear, they're all unique enough to try.  Cocktail selection is as girly as it gets.1 star for the beautiful decor2 star for the garlic lobster- delish!Everything else... the asian sausage fried rice, mixed veggies were too oilyThe black cod was okay...2 people- $110 not worth the priceSuper sexy and cool interior with a whole gaggle of hosts/hostesses when you walk in (kind of like a hotel check-in counter). With an 8:30pm reservation, we waited in the packed lounge area, but just for a few minutes. Our server was very attentive throughout the meal and helpful with selections.Our table of 3 started with: edamame dumplings, General Tso's chicken dumplings, and Scallion pancakes. My favorite by far was the edamame dumplings--the inside was an absolutely silken puree of edamame that I will probably dream of until I find it again. The chicken dumplings had nice spice. The scallion pancakes weren't really pancakes at all--I was expecting something like a bellini, but these were tough/crisp, although the braised short rib on top was yummy.My main entrée was the black cod, which was very silky with that melt-in-your-mouth quality, but I would have actually preferred a bit of a sear on the exterior for textural contrast. I also shared the vegetable rice with coconut curry foam, which was very rich and flavorful--I would have definitely eaten more if I hadn't been so stuffed from everything else!I was too full for my own dessert, but did snag bites of each of my friends: the sorbet was just average, but the almond bread pudding with whiskey ice cream was oh-my-goodness-good. It would almost be worth another trip just to eat less before and devour an entire plate of that rich and delicious goodness.Prices are expectedly high, but not ridiculous, especially with the recommended table sharing approach.I'm a huge fan of Buddakan. The service is topnotch, the food is awesome and the atmosphere is romantic, swanky and fun. Must have menu items are:Edamame dumplingsLobster egg rollsDeviled Ahi TunaMiso Black CodLobster and Shrimp chow funTofu (I don't even love Tofu and the Tofu was extremely tasty)Bread PuddingSeriously, everything was good. The menu has SO much variety and so many options. I've been here in big groups before and everyone is always really impressed. My water was never empty and my wine was refilled the second after I took my last sip. Great for business dinners, special celebrations and dates! AND it's in Chelsea! Love the location.Great ambiance, fabulous cocktails, pretty damn good food...all equal a fun night out. Came for a friends birthday and were seated as soon as everyone arrived.  We were downstairs in one of the side rooms and we had a great server.  He helped with suggestions and was always there when we needed something.  First, drinks were fabulous.  I had the gin/lychee drink as well as the spicy one (um yeah, can't remember names) and both went down a little too quickly.  We all shared a ton of food... Edamame dumplings - worth the hypeHoisin Glazed Pork Belly - awesome, ate more than my fair shareCarrot Dumplings - cute presentation but didn't blow me awayBeef Lettuce Cups - we all enjoyedTuna Tartare Spring Roll - got some nice rave reviewsBoneless Spare Ribs - nice flavor, slightly reminded me of Chinese take out thoughWild Mushroom Chow Fun - a winnerChinese Sausage Fried Rice - typical fried rice, a little too greasyCharred Asparagus - best asparagus I've had in yearsMongolian Lamb Chops - great flavor, not worth the money thoughBroken Chili Chicken - loved the sauce, didn't expect the chicken to be tempuraBread Pudding - obvi not Asian but good! Definitely recommend for a fun night out, as a date, with friends, etc!Buddakan rates five stars in my book for great food, great service and great atmosphere!  Since we didn't have a reservation we decided to sit in the lounge and wait for a table.  I really loved the set up in the bar.  There were large tables where large groups could mingle and smaller tables and booths lined up against the wall.  I didn't love the drink menu because a lot of the drinks were too sweet and contained weird ingredients.  My Virtue cocktail with riesling, strawberry, thai basil, aloe vera was ok, but if I returned to Buddakan I would opt to stick with the wine menu. The one redeeming drink on the menu was the Fever cocktail with mezcal, lime, jalapeño, pomegranate (very spicy!).The food was exceptional.  We were a little confused with how much to order for our three top and probably ordered too many appetizers!  We ordered the:Apps:Tuna Tartare Spring Roll: Wow!!! I loved these spring rolls! Raw tuna rolled into a crispy wonton with a spicy wasabi sauce.  These were a huge hit at our table!Scallion Pancakes w/ braised short ribs: So many wonderful flavors!Edamame and truffle potstickers: Our waitress said this was the most popular appetizer, but our table found the mushy center unappealing.Szechuan Pork Dumplings: spicy and very flavorful.Entrees: Charred filet: The perfectly cooked steak came with this amazing buttery mustard sauce.  I must find the recipe for this sauce!!!Kung Pao Monkfish: Spicy, flavorful... the best dish of the night.  I had never had monkfish before, but I would best describe it as poor man's lobster.  So good!!!Cauliflower Stirfry: If you put pork on a vegetable it will taste amazing.  Another spicy dish, but I love spice so I loved this dish.  Dessert:Almond Bread Pudding: even though we were stuffed our waitress convinced us to try this dish.  So glad we did!!!  The bread pudding was covered in bananas and this brown sugar glaze and the most amazing whiskey ice cream.I will most definitely return to Buddakan next time I visit New York!!!Beautiful ambience.. very classy!Food looked and tasted good.Mediocre service (for the amount paid).Almost fed me meat, but the chef saved me!I would recommend this place for special occasions and cozy groups..My sister and I came in here about 3 weeks ago while up in NY for work and I would have to say that for A Sunday night this place was ridiculously busy!! We made a reservation that early evening and headed over there we were asked to wait a few minutes so we moved over to the bar and tried some of they're specialty cocktails!! We had a Fate and Tranquility both were excellent mine was the Fate and I LOVED it!! So we were lead down a huge staircase where they have a huge table in the middle of the room, walked passed that seeing it was only 2 of us! We were brought into another area and sat at a nice cozy table. Our server was very nice he really helped us make our final decisions because if we had our way we would of ordered pretty much everything!!We just put everything in and it all came out as it was ready. We had all of the below and I would say that overall everything was really great!~Edamame  Dumplings- LOVED! They were so creamy and delicious! ~Pork Belly Steamed Buns- So Cute and delicious comes with 5 mini buns over cabbage!! ~Crispy Calamari Salad- Very good came with a nice Miso Vinaigrette~Mongolian Lamb Chops- They were served wit a Crystallized Ginger Crust it came with 4 chops and they were delicious!! ~Alaskan Black Cod- Probably my least favorite but still good just not a must get again...~Cauliflower- was good again not WOW but goodMy only thing that kinda bothered me was our server was great all through out our meal and then at the end while we were drinking our Tea he kept coming over and clearing things off the table one by one. Where at the end it was literally just my tea cup sitting there because i was still drinking it and I guess he assumed it wouldn't have been nice to take that away too! My sister and I were confused because it wasn't like we were there long (45mins and finished with our dinner) or that they needed the table because they had others open all around us...just strange that's all!Great meal. Great ambiance. Exceptional waiter staff. Its pricey but its delicious. Pork belly appetizer was to die for, as was the tuna, and the chili rock shrimp. And save room for the crying chocolate cake. A great meal.I came here on a Saturday night with a handful of girlfriends and I was immediately blown away at the hip ambiance and decor. The space is over-the-top huge and is decked out with exaggerated touches like larger than life chandeliers and electric-colored grates, all while sexy house music plays in the background as the score.The service was amazing and our waiter, Paul, was super knowledgeable and passionate about the must-haves on the menu, candidly sharing his opinions about what his favorite dishes were.  All in all, Paul was not only friendly and witty, but he was oh-so-attentive and made sure that my party was well taken care of.  As for the food, the edamame dumplings and the tuna tartare spring rolls were to die for!!  Everything came out very timely and was plated meticulously.  What's more, the cocktails were oh-so-tasty -- and boy did they pack a punch!!  Dessert served to polish off the meal perfectly, though in retrospect, I could've gone without having those few extra calorie-ladden bites of heaven.I have never been to a restaurant with so many friendly people in one place. Even the doorman was super nice and wished me Happy Holidays and he didn't even work there, he was the homeless guy hustling cab rides for people. Ok first the staff and then the food. Arleen was our super attentive and sweet server who was very patient while we tried to narrow down our choices from one of everything to something more reasonable. Our drinks were superb either made by Nicole or Branca two of the sweetest bartenders ever! The manager Kermit was very friendly as well and took the time to check on us throughout a super busy Friday evening.The security was even friendly in there! Shout out to Fran and Curtis!!!Ok now the food. We decided to app it out so we got four choices to share between two people. Don't judge us. In order of preference: scallion pancakes with braised short ribs.....melt in your mouth good!!!!!!!!Lobster fried rice with crispy scallops OMG!!!!!!!!!Striped sea bass roll the sea bass was so good and that sauce!!!!!!Sesame shrimp toast delicious delicious delicious!!!!For dessert we had banana fritters with pistachio crusted ice cream and a chocolate cake with Tahitian vanilla ice cream.....heaven times 10!!!!!!I didn't even get up once I sat down so I can't tell you about the decor beyond my table but damn the food and staff are awesome.Go!!!!!!!!!!!People rant and rave about this place. Was here on a Friday night for a double date and:Good Things:-It's very New York.-It's upscale.-The decor is beautiful.-Pleasant atmosphere.-Decent Service.-Good drinks.-I recommend it to visiting non-New Yorkers.Bad Things:-Bit too trendy for me.-Food was above average. The edamame dumplings?I'm half Asian. Just ok in my book. Rock shrimp was memorable, but rivals that of Koi, Katana and Katsuya.-Service was ok, but not spectacular.Perfect place for friends to grab drinks before a night out.  Came here and ordered the edamame dumplings (a must), crispy calamari salad, and the steak. It was all quite delicious.More than anything, this place is sexy. The dim lighting, the spacious and majestic dining area all make for a perfect place to impress someone who's visiting New York. Its much darker than it is on the episode of Sex and the City. I didn't think this place would live up to my expectations, but it exceeded them.  The food is good, not fantastic, but solid. More impressive than anything is the ambiance and scene.In the niche between "casual" and "fine" dining seems to lurk the happy medium of "upscale," which would seem to fit Buddakan very nicely. The restaurant has all the trappings of a trendy, downtown restaurant, with a nice Louis-meets-Asian theme. Although one certainly doesn't need to don a full suit and tie to feel comfortable, "dress to impress" would certainly be de rigueur. (One helpful hint: If possible, ask to sit downstairs.) Service was incredibly (perhaps too) prompt and friendly, and pleasantly not-snobby for a place that's so popular. I could easily tell one of Buddakan's reasons for being one of the five most profitable restaurants in the U.S.: high turnover. Our server flatly "suggested" we order all of our dishes at once, and once we had they began to arrive with lickety-split precision. In fact, even after ordering dessert and coffee, we were out of there in less than two hours.Regardless of the pacing, the food was, on the whole, quite good. Many dishes lean more towards the Asian end of the continuum... A $44 whole duck arrived as rather plainly mound of (granted, delicious) duck meat with the typical accoutrements you'd find for a fraction of the price over in Chinatown. However, other items like the edemame dumplings or the petrale sole showed real creativity, flair, and of course, delicious flavor.In all, a nice, albeit leaning-towards-pricey place to go for a special dinner out.When Buddakan first opened up I was obsessed with it now I'm kind of indifferent about it. The restaurant itself is huge and beautiful! The service isn't great and they rush the food. After Sex and the City filmed the engagement of Big and Carrie here they blew up and now what was once a trendy hard to get into Buddakan became a tourist attraction ( how unfortunate). The food here is good so I don't complain if I do dine here. My appetizer must haves are: - Edamame dumplings which are absolutely phenomenal! - Tuna Spring Rolls - Duck Salad - Calamari Salad - Sausage fried rice with egg on top - Ribs - Beef with chip entree -Duck entree -Chicken Keep in mind the portions here are family style so order away and share a couple of different dishes! - Leave room for dessert because if you're lucky they have fantastic donuts ( unless you have my luck and they don't have them that day)Took a taxi there from Restaurant row. He dropped us off on 16th street and we looked across at the high doors and narrow entrance... and I was instantly hooked. You walk into a narrow hallway which opens up to the coatcheck/reservation checkin counter where they have an army of women attending to you. Walking up the stairs to the huge lounge area is just a taste of what is inside. We ate in the lounge cause like momos we did not make reservations well in advance but regardless we enjoyed it. So here goes....ServiceOur waitress Laurel was awesome. Very attentive, great smile, excellent attitude, and no pushy when taking our order (i.e. she gave us enough time to look over the menu). The bus boys are great as well... very non-intrusive when clearing your plates. Look and FeelThe place is massive and so eye catching. Its the kind of place you would expect to see in SATC (like TAO). The grandroom... is GRAND. And the smaller rooms just add to the whole of the place. The lighting is low but just enough to see your food and your friends. The place is loud but not enough to overwhelm your conversation. We already made reservations for Friday in 2 weeks in the big room :-)FoodEXCELLENT and they serve you quick! We got 5 apps (tuna tartar, lettuce in beef, pork lollipops, scallion pancakes, edamame dumplings) and 3 entrees (short ribs, black cod, chicken) one bowl of rice and 3 desserts (chocolate mille feuille with caramelized banana, another chocolate, and a pineapple one). DrinksThe drink selection was great... the wines, mixed... all of it was greatPriceAnd it all comes down to this. For 5 apps, 3 entrees, one side, 3 desserts, 8+ drinks = $299 (tax, no tip). An average of $75 per person. Not bad considering the food, service, and place. OverallLike I said, we are going back in 2 weeks. Its some of the best food we ave had in a while and worth the price. Make sure to call and reserve our table tonight and make sure you go in a group... its a lot more fun!Very Trendy and upscale place. Went there on a Saturday evening and the place was packed. It draws a very well dressed crowd, and has a dinning area  on the lower level.Pros: ambiance, service, food selection, locationCons: Can be crowded and yes a bit priceyFirst off i would like to say this rating is on the high end of three stars.Cool, modern place with a relatively discrete location, check. Interior much larger and fancier then expected, check. Food and staff, ehh OK.I made a reservation, walked in and had to wait a few minutes, cool. Walking through the restaurant it was completely empty which was odd for 5:00 on a Saturday. Did they have to pretend to be busy to impress me? Not sure.I did like the environment, it was really cool and unique. The big eating area in the middle was pretty sweet especially if you had a big crowd. And the medieval theme was working for me. I was sat at a table, kind of in the middle of things and sun right in my face. Not too comfy.Now to the food. I saw a review saying this place is a "glorified PF Chang's" They couldn't have been more right. I would go into detail but to say it was an above par take on American-Chinese would be enough.I would go back with friends, not the best place to take your significant other though.Great ambiance and great food!One of our favorites in the city. Love the edamame dumplings and rock shrimp! Great ambience and perfect for a date night or girls night out. The service is also great.Had Charm as a appetizer drink. Fresh berries make the drink. Fantastic. Refreshing. For our meal we had:Tuna Tar Tar- so fresh. Perfect kick at the end. Perfect crunch. Spring roll-Soft. Perfect. Well blended. Kung pao monkfish--perfect spice. Light crispy.Charred asparagus was very good. Professional service. Fantastic friendly server Owen. Proficient service. Recommended the filet which was exquisite.Just watched Sex and the City (the movie), and it reminded me -- I forgot to finish my review on Yelp!I went to Buddakan a couple months ago.  I loved the experience.  Impressive decor, innovative food (edamame dumplings!), and nice service.I highly recommend this place to anyone!Buddakan is fun, fabulous and my first choice where to bring friends from out of town for dinner. It always gives everyone a taste of people watching, creative Asian food and a splash of New York city glamour. The spacious restaurant provides for all settings, either a happening bar, communal dining table with chandeliers, or more private seating in surrounding areas. You've got to try their signature edamame dumplings, plus the cabbage wrapped seabass and peking style, spicy pork belly for the adventurous. Whether it's been for a date, friends in town, or late night scene spotting, I've always had a good time here.Culinary Explorer's Guide to Dining at a New York Mega Restaurant:1. Book reservations early in advance for large groups or take an early reservation at 6 or 7.2. Be sure to try their signature dishes.3. Order family style to get a taste of many dishes.4. Expect a busy scene and loud music, but that's all meant to be part of the experience.To be quite honest, Buddakan had never really been on my radar until TC contestant Dale Talde started stealing the show!  I had heard that it was a glorified PF Chang and tourist hotspot, but I chose to ignore it and went in with an open mind.We had a 7:30 reservation.  Arrived at 7:20 and was seated promptly.  The restaurant itself is beautiful, breathtaking even.  We sat on the upper level and had a bird's eye view of the entire dining room downstairs with the massive King's table.To begin our night, we started with the Lush sake cocktail and The Aviation.  Hubby commented on the prowess of the bartender.  "This was going to be a treat" I thought to myself.  Boy, did I set myself up for disappointment.  For a starter, I ordered the make your own pork belly bun (which arrived 30 minutes after we had ordered).  The pork was cooked well, but the hoisin laquered on it was a little too sweet.  The napa slaw accompanying it wasn't bold enough to balance it out.  No way could it have stood up to Momofuku, but I still ate it because I was starving!Pacing of service was just terrible.  Because our app was late, we were met with the barrage of entrees just as we were finishing up the first course.  We decided to split between the two of us, the lobster (correction, lack of lobster) and shrimp chow fun; the roasted duck noodles and the Chinese sausage fried rice.  The chow fun was good, but we felt cheated by lack of actual proteins in there.  The duck noodles were also good, but difficult to scoop out and share.  The duck breast itself tasted irony, like it was cut too close to the organs.  Last but not least was the fried rice.  It was ..well fried rice with a fried egg on top peppered with Chinese sausage.  For 10 bucks, I was expecting something more special.  We finished around 8:45.  What had been put in front of us did not entice us to try their desserts, so we left and hit Bouchon on the way home.Overall, everything was good- but I was expecting a lot more.  I wouldn't go out of my way to go back.The best meal I've had in NYC.Here's a quick breakdown of our dinner for 2:- Hot spicy rock shrimp 9/10- Beef sirloin w/butter mayo 9/10- Spicy chicken 10/10 (seriously awesome)- Sticky crab fried rice 9/10- House noodles 6/10,That food plus 2 cocktails came out to $150 after tip. The vibe and ambiance are awesome and the food was amazing. It's easy to give Buddakan 5 stars.Entrance is located next to Chelsea Market.  You walk in and it's reminiscent of a hotel lobby.  Then after checking in you walk up a few stairs and you feel a club vibe.  Super cool atmosphere.  The decor is stunning.  There is one room with a gigantic table which I dubbed as "The Last Supper" room.  Really crazy appearance.  We ordered the mid range tasting which was $80pp.  Highly suggest you go as a group and order one of the tastings.  It's amazing the amount of food you receive.  They keep running it out to you.  Some of the best things were the edaname dumplings, cod and fillet in butter sauce.  Desserts were creative as well.  Probably best for a first timer like myself because it was a surprise as to what the next food brought out was going to be.  Musts are make a reservation and go with a group.  Not a once a month type of place, but great for out of towners or special occasions.Came here for a friend's late night birthday dinner. Truffled edamame dumplings were really good but then again, what isn't good with truffle?Duck noodles were good but it's more of a soup dish than dry noodles so it was hard to share.Chili rock shrimp was okay. A bit salty and heavy on the mayo sauce for my taste.Tuna tartare spring roll was small but a solid dish.The food here is an overall good. I don't think it's an amazing culinary experience but rather, an ideal place to grab drinks and some small bites with friends. The atmosphere is hip and lounge-y, which is very typical of a New York restaurant.Buddakan is one of those places you just enjoy coming to. from the front door when you check, in and your in the lounge area and watching them try to find out where you are like 'wheres Waldo' when your table is ready. having been here a couple times before i can tell you  that unless you service sucks u will most likely leave pleased. its like a safe choice and the food is eligent.Te peking duck is a must try once in your life atleast  with a glass of fate and some lobster friend rice.This place is gorgeous and expansive (read: lower dining area), but at the end of the day, it's just another dime-a-dozen Asian-inspired spot in New York. Go to the bar and order a Cucumber Mojito. They are simply AWESOME and to this day I can't find another place that does them as superbly.Overall, a nice place to take your out-of-towner friends if they're into the whole places-to-see and-be-seen sort of thing. But this place is always ridiculously crowded on weekends so good luck...I was looking around for a good restaurant to go with a friends on New years eve before hitting one of the clubs. This kinda caught my eye as being an upscale place which is reasonably priced.    As we walked in we got the feeling of walking into some place upscale. The service at the door was excellent with someone ready to help us as soon as we enter. The decor is dark but welcoming. The whole place was set for a long new years night. As for the food.. Only one word -- exceptional. they had a fixed price menu but never forced us to get it and yes they serve family style which let me taste about 10 different dishes. The appetizers were good, the right quantity with the right amount of spice. for main course i ordered the fish of the day and wasnt too impressed by it but loved the lamb chops and the beef fried rice. Coming to the main part -- Desert.. definitely try the crying chocolate.. it was heaven. The chocolate brownie just melts in your mouth. dont waste your time on the white chocolate cake. its like every other while chocolate cake.overall i had a great time and would suggest people to try this place. you will not regret it. This is the only other place that i am giving 5 stars and it deserves it.My 1st time at this place really caught my attention. The ambience was nice with a touch of luxury. Every corner you turned, you'll have a different scene. Classy...Now for the food part...I highly recommend it!!! The appetizers were mouth watering and the entree...Need I say it? Well, try it for yourself and you'll know what I mean.I had a truly fantastic birthday here last week with my 5 best gals, Sex and the City rehearsal dinner style. Sure it was a splurge, but so fun to dress up and eat amazing food in an amazing space.Naturally we started with some bubbly - Veuve Clicquot - my go-to. Then we perused the enormous menu, and since everything sounded delicious, we went for the tasting. They offer several tiers, and the lowest tier at $65 per person was just perfect.Appetizer highlights: the Edamame Dumplings - edamame puree + truffle oil in a dumpling. Pretty sure this item is on the menu in my heaven. I also loved our first app - the Tuna Spring Roll.Somewhere amid the apps I ordered our next bottle. Wine is generally pricy, as you would expect, but I found a hidden gem among the whites listed as Cape Mentelle Blend. I'll tell you that it's a Sauv Blanc / Semillon, and it's delicious. It's also one of the lowest-priced at $40. Loved it.So by now the rest of our courses are a bit of a blur, but I do recall rave reviews on all of them, from all of us, as we tasted through. We were sufficiently stuffed, but managed to make room for the seemingly-endless desserts - all so different and delicious.I highly recommend Buddakan for a fun / celebratory / special night out... or for any random day/meal if your wallet can support it!The out of towners: "find us a NICE place for dinner"me: nice?The out of towners: "YES NICE"me: finally a chance for someone else to pay for me to go to Buddakan!... (in my head of course.)The out of towners: "that was amazing"me: you asked for nice...i delivered...now pay the bill dam*@t...(in my head of course...)You know when a restaurant bills itself as "asian fusion" it means fried crap in a dark dining room...but not Buddakan...you cannot go wrong with Buddakan.  They cover all the bases...chic, stylized, dark, over the top in every aspect...it feels like I was let into an exclusive "tourist trap club"...but not at the same time...while it was expensive, we did get to try a HUGE range of things on the menu...edamame dumplings, bobo platter, scallion pancakes, lobster fried rice, spicy king crab, roast pork, shrimp and lobster chow fun and garlic lobster.  All were consistently good, presentation stellar and nicely portioned.  We totally splurged on dessert and got the banana fritters, PB Chocolate Bomb, Souffle and cheesecake.  Again, all were on point.  We also had 2 bottles of excellent Sancere with some cognac thown in...our bill was 500 including tip and tax for 4 people.  We were discussing afterward and nothing stood out as THE best, we all agreed that each dish held its own.  a difficult feat to execute with such a large menu.  Good job Buddakananyhoo...i cant complain we had amazing food and service that is totally ON POINT!!  This just complemented the great food.A great place to impress a date! I was blown away by the modern Asian-infused decor... that alone deserves 5+ stars in my book. For a large party of 15 or more, the table in the mid-floor of the restaurant is the way to go. The chandeliers on the ceiling are simply beautiful and create the perfect ambiance. My party of 6 were seated in the basement that resembled a dungeon in Genghis Khan's palace. Still spectacular though. At least the noise level was low enough to have an intimate conversation.We pretty much ordered a little bit from every section in the menu. My recommendations, in no order of preference:Dim Sum- the lobster egg rolls were the right bit of crunchy. - General Tso's dumplings were an interesting take on the notorious chicken dish. Give it a try.Appetizers- chili rock shrimp. The only bad thing about this was that there wasn't enough.- spicy yellowtail yu sheng. For you sashimi fans out there. It just needed a little more zing, then it'll be perfect.Entrees- chinese sausage fried rice. So flavorful. The sunny-side egg was the gem of the dish! - Mongolian lamb chops. The ginger crust made this unique. I like my meat medium-rare, and it came out just the way I wanted it.- Alaskan glazed cod. Melts like butter in your mouth.- whole crispy fish with apple walnut dressing. I have no idea what type of fish it was, but they got the crispy done right.Cocktails- the Lush. A great mix of sake and lychee.- the Fever. Its got jalapeno for a nice kick.Dessert- Crying Chocolate. Very smooth with a hint of jasmine ice cream. Such a sweet combo.- a tiramisu-like parfait that unfortunately, I don't see exists on their online menu. Maybe it was seasonal? Overall ambiance: 5 (absolutely stunning)Food: 4 (its definitely not your average fusion cuisine)Price: 3 (a little high up there, but its all about the presentation)Food is amazing! Decor is very trendy.Service was a little on the slow side, but the place was packed...This place was incredible! Food was amazing, as was the service and the atmosphere! For me, it also made me giddy that it was in the Sex and the City Movie (the rehearsal dinner scene). We went here for my friend's 30th birthday and had a total blast. The food is definitely made for sharing. And although the portions are small, they were very filling. The Taro Puff Lollipops were amazing as was the wok-tossed tofu and broccoli. Everyone (all 12 of us) really enjoyed everything they ordered. Plus, we brought in cupcakes for our friend's birthday. Not only did our waiter serve them to us, they put them on special plates and made a special happy birthday decoration for our friend. Really above and beyond! They also stored his birthday present and brought it out with the cupcakes. I have honestly never seen a restaurant do this. Our server was really awesome! And, in general, the restaurant was beautiful. You must walk around when you go. Two not so great things: one bathroom with three stalls. Be prepared to wait. This trendy restaurant tends to attract some snobby people-including 20 15 year olds who were asking "love your dress, who's the designer?" while in line for the bathroom. Yikes!And although this restaurant can get pricey, it was delicious and well worth it!Boyfriend and I came here a few nights ago for a early dinner. We were seated promptly and the waitor was extremely curteous to us. I liked the decorations and the ambiance inside- very dark and pretty and elegant. The only complaint though is the food. We started off with the lobster eggrolls and frog leg meat for appetizers. The lobster eggrolls was okay-nothing special. The frog meat was pretty good but the portion was so small. For entrees- we had the sichuan rib-eye, which was so not sichuan style at all. It was kind of burnt, and dry. We also had the cod which was much better, but the portion again was really small. We also ordered a side of cauliflower- which was porbably the best part of the meal. It was fried with spicy meat sauce. We liked this the best. Also, not all food arrives at the same time. So this is the place to go to share food since not your entrees all arrive at the same time. I wish the waitor told us this beforehand so that we didn't wait for our other food to arrive to start eating. Would probably come back here more for drinks but not for food- I heared the night scene here is pretty good.Admitted, I'm not a New Yorker--spoiled by all of the plenty that surrounds the city. But I was a bright-eyed graduate intern in the city for just three months, and I made it my business to try every restaurant I possible could (and 7 pounds later, you can see I meant business).Buddakan is one of my favorite restaurants in the city.  Yes, it's a little big and touristy, but the food is amazing! And the drinks are fantastic! We started off with a couple of fizzy fruity cocktails, with blueberries playfully floating on top. Next we went into appetizers--tuna tartar and sweet pea gyoza. The tuna was smooth and buttery, and the avocado had been picked at the peak of ripeness. And the gyoza--never had I imagined that putting peas inside of a potsticker would be delicious, but whoa! Next was entree--after those two hard-hitters I decided to go light with a tofu-veggie stir-fry. The tofu was lightly browned, smooth and yummy paired with the crisp flavorful vegetables. My boyfriend ordered the hot pot which was a savory blend of broth, seafood and vegetables.Then the big show--we innocently ordered the donuts, thinking we would get a small nibble to end the meal. No. Instead they bring us 5 piping hot sugary donuts, paired with homemade ice cream and delicious citrusy sauce. These donuts were one of the best desserts I have ever had--order them!If you're Asian--you probably know what I'm thinking. This place is wayyyyyyyyy overpriced, kitschy and simply, you could do better on your own.Ok, maybe it won't be better--but it'll definitely be a much better value! Actually, I think this place is not bad but if I was going to spend ~$60-70+++ for dinner in the city...I'd choose elsewhere because in the past 4-5 years, the crowd at Buddakan has slowly turned into a major B&T crowd or old geezers who desperately are looking for some place "cool" to go. Definitely do not expect a quiet zen like evening here if you were even thinking along those lines.On the staff side, I can't say they are the most friendly either and if they are, they are either pandering for tips or trying to get your number.Back to the food though - it's good, but not worth the price. If you really want to have a more interesting Asian fusion experience--I'd suggest places like Momofuku during the daytime in the village.This just may be my favorite non-frequentable restaurant. Ever. I swear there is magic in the air, because the boyfriend I occasionally refer to as Silent Bob turned into a regular Chatty Cathy.  He also enjoyed pretty much everything we ordered, and he is not a fan of seafood or anything remotely odd.The outside of this place is plain and looks small.  You walk into what looks like a hotel lobby, check in your coat, and are directed to the bar area.  I easily got a seat at the bar and ordered a Fever for me (Jalapeno pomegranate with mescal) and a bourbon-based cocktail, the name of which escapes me, for my boyfriend.  The Fever was interesting, but not palatable enough to have more than one.  My boyfriend didn't finish his drink because it was basically pure bourbon.We did wait at least a half hour to be seated, but I didn't mind, as I was enjoying the atmosphere.  I ordered a Charm cocktail, which was a nice champagne cocktail, not amazing but good.We were seated in the upstairs area in one of the smaller rooms.  It was pretty noisy, and busy for a Sunday night.  Now, the food. I ordered:Edamame Dumplings. Debated getting them, due to mixed reviews. Glad I tried them, because they were good, but wouldn't order them again, because they weren't that good.  The edamame filling was reminiscent of mashed potato, and was a little mushy.Scallion Pancakes. Yeah, a bit salty, but really good anyway. Lobster Fried Rice. Yum! I would've liked more lobster/scallops, but it was tasty and filling.Sweet & Sour Pork.  The sauce was more of a vinegar sweet sauce than the thick, sticky sweet and sour I really don't like on chinese food.  It was crispy and delicious.I finished the night with the Lush cocktail and fell in love.  The lychee-rosemary concoction is refreshing and a little too easy to drink.This is definitely an experience type of restaurant, but it's great for sharing, great for atmosphere, and great for getting away from the norm of steakhouses if you want a nicer place to eat.Buddakan is the epitome of absolutely gorgeous decor and ambiance.  I took someone here for a birthday dinner, and in every sense of the word it lived up to my expectations.  There is nothing that I can say that can do this place justice without you seeing it with your very own eyes.  With its inconspicuous entrance, to its Asian inspired artwork, its dimly lit side rooms that oozes sexiness and romance, and its defining ornament that makes the center room so grandiose, the large table.Though it has been some time since I had dined here, so I can not tell you specifics of what I ordered, I can tell you it was exquisite.  Service was phenomenal, and everything that you would expect from a restaurant such as this.I am dying to come back here, but this time gather up a big ole' group of friends, and sit at that center table.  I'm sure I should be making that reservation now if I want to do that for my May birthday.. wish me luck!Pricey place to go, but worth every penny! Food was melt in your mouth good, cocktails amazing, and how do you not feel like you are sitting in an episode of Sex in the City? The decor was absolutely breath taking with a grand staircase that takes you to your table. We sat in the library which was a little tucked away from the rest of the restaurant, but I loved that because the music was a little loud in the bar. But, that might just be because I'm in my mid-30s. If you hit Manhattan, hit this place. But, you'll have to get a rez!I went to Buddakan a few weeks ago because Dale, one of the contestants on Top Chef was a chef at the restaurant. His food seemed really interesting and inventive so I figured I should check it out. Talking about Top Chef, is there a more georgeous woman on TV than Padma Lakshmi? That's another blog I may write sometime. The food at Buddakan is asian, but modern asian - basically asian fusion. Buddakan also has locations in Philadelphia and Atlantic City. As is obligatory, I checked out the Zagat review just in case it was lousy, which it wasn't. Getting a reservation 24 hours before dinner was pretty easy.Buddakan is one of those cool, trendy places where the staff and patrons are pretty attractive. It seems to be more about the cool and trendy, a place to be seen at the bar rather than the food. The restaurant itself is a huge space, even the hostess space is like a trendy hotel lobby. After a martini at the bar while we waited for Michelle, we were escorted to our table. From my other posts, you'll know that I like to try a bunch of things rather than being boring and just having 1 thing so we ordered a number of appetizers and mains which we shared. Our waiter was extremely helpful in helping us decide what to order and we were not steered wrong. The steak, cod and short rib were all excellent - tasty and perfectly cooked. The steak was probably the worst thing we had and it was pretty good. The cod was outstanding. We shared a couple of desserts which too were good.Overall the food was better than I had expected and it was also very reasonably priced - all in all a very good experience and one I will repeat.foodielifestyle.comGreat place! Very chic. Very hip crowd. Food is pretty good. I was very impressed with the service. Make reservations in advance and wear something shiny ;)Buddakan is great. It's stylish and serves its target demographic of younger upscale market very well. This place is all about the experience: dark, crowded, stylish (you feel stylish going to this place), Buddhas everywhere, friendly service, and good value. Don't expect to get much talking done: it is very loud inside. One good thing is that the portions are large enough to share. Quality of the food is relatively high. And so value for price is good. My favorite was the duck salad with the over-easy egg. It was very different and as the waitress excitedly explained, the egg is used to neutralize the acidity of the salad. Make sure to make reservations in advanced. I was delighted to get a very friendly call the day before reminding me of my reservation. And even with a reservation, we still had to wait in the lounge. Four stars because this experience is more of a one-time thing. It is great the first time, but I cannot see myself going back very often. (The food, the atmosphere, and the service put together makes this place special. If you're just going for food, you can find this elsewhere.)(Via: kathygambo.tumblr.com)To start, as far as ambiance goes this place is a 10. It's in a huge warehouse in the meatpacking district; Dimly lit, grandiose furniture accents, clad in an Asian theme.We sat in the cocktail lounge where I had two fruity, lackluster cocktails-- usually not my thing, but with rosemary and jalapeno making an appearance I figured I'd give it a shot. Meh...The Grub: We started with their signature edamame dumplings in shallot-broth. Excellent, inventive, a sort of mashed potato filling. Then 'Scallion Pancakes' braised beef short rib (a little dry) and green apple on top. Finally.. drum roll.. chili rock shrimp with toasted ginger. Holy [expletive]! It was like there was a layer of air between the shrimp and the fried exterior so when you bit into it, it was super crunchy, not dense and heavy like most fried things tend to be. We're on to something....Main courses which are all splittable- Mongolian Lamb Chops with crystallized ginger crust, uhh ya! A wild mushroom chow mein with garlic chives-- good, replaceable. A side of Asian greens with pine nuts and garlic chips.Charred fillet of beef wonton crisps, soy sauce reduction, and mustard sauce.When I took the first bite of the steak, my consciousness rose above the table in gastronomic bliss. Staff collectively calls the soy sauce reduction "liquid crack". Dessert: +Almond Bread pudding with maple butterscotch, bananas, whiskey ice cream+Peanut butter Bar- har siu peanuts, sweet and sour cherry sauce, ice creamTotaled around $250 for 3 people: 6 drinks, btl prosecco, btl wine, 3 appetizers, 3 entrees, 1 side, 2 desserts, 2 Bailey's.**Good place to impress friends visiting NYCI was a little weary of the Asian fusion, and such a trendy building, but the food and cocktails were a pleasant surprise.  Yes it's expensive, but the small plates are great to share.Loved: edamame dumplings, Szechuan crusted ribeye, ginger carrots, all of the cocktails. Overall great food and drinks, but I could do without the trendiness.Need to write this review before I forget everything we ordered. Went with a group of 5 yesterday (perfect number since most of the food comes in groups of 5). Only ordered appetizers and dessert which was definitely the way to go. Here's the list of what we ordered, from my favorite to least favorite -Tuna tartare rolls - my favorite! But - at $4 per tiny roll, I don't think the price to value ratio was fair. Didn't matter though, I ordered a couple of these with no regrets.Wild mushroom chow fun - my table loved this. I typically find most chow funs either greasy or unappetizing, but this version was a hit!Pork buns - Very good. Not as good as momofuku (as expected) but still worth ordering. I liked the spice in the vegetables more than the pork itself. Yum.Lobster fried rice - delicious. Can't comment on how much lobster was in the bowl since my brother stole most of the little pieces before I had a spoonful :(Edameme dumplings - tried it for the sake of trying it. If it's your first time, i would suggest you do the same since it's unique, "fusion," and beautifully presented. However, wouldn't order this again.General tso dumplings - Soup dumplings with a twist. this isn't your typical joe shanghai xiao long bao, but it's still good.Boneless spare ribs - meh. It was forgettable.Rock shrimp - Greasy, saucy, but at least it's a decent portion of food. It tasted like sweet and sour shrimp rather than rock shrimp. Chilled udon noodles & vegetable fried rice - do NOT order this. This left a bad taste in everyone's mouth except my mother's, who  combined the sauce of the udon with the fried rice to create a magical combination. You definitely need to order the crying chocolate dessert. the star of the night was the jasmine ice cream. WIN. also ordered the bread pudding, which was good, but not extraordinary.decor = 5/5. we sat at a very comfortable corner table.service (waitress name was megan I believe) = 5/5. She had the best line of the night when describing the bread pudding. "It's so good that it will answer questions you never knew you had." Um, too bad this wasn't true, but still - it convinced us to order it.overall, $40/pp including tip+tax (excluding drinks) so I thought the prices were VERY reasonable. Also, I would recommend ordering the prosecco at the bar since you inevitably will wait before sitting at your table. Would go again especially with out of town visitors! this place is infinitely better than Tao and priced much more reasonably.PS - the only reason I didn't give this a 5 is because the quality of the food is not extraordinary (3.5/5)....chilled udon noodles...*shudder*I've been to the Buddakan in Philly a couple times when I lived there.....and pretty much been to all of Steven Starr's restaurants in Philly....it was about time that I made my way to Buddakan NY....I came here for my birthday with my girlfriend, sister and bro in law......we had to wait about 20 minutes or so for our table so we started experimenting with their cocktail list....I started off with 'depth' which is a gin based cocktail.....it was pretty damn good....then we ordered some edamame dumplings and my second drink was 'fever' This was excellent and the edamame dumplings were amazing....At this point I was pretty content with the experience so far....The dinner was good but not spectacular. We ordered the general tso's dumplings and two chicken dishes for the main course which we shared - 'sacha chicken' and the 'broken chili chicken' Both tasted decent but I wasn't as impressed as I was with the edamame dumplings..All in all its a good meal no matter what and you feel pretty good at the end of the night (the cocktails may have had a bit to do with this!). I don't know if I will crave any of the chicken dishes enough to say I want to go back soon....But ambiance is a 5, cocktails are a 5 and food I'll give it a 4.....I absolutely loved this place -- great atmosphere, and even better food. I had the charred steak fillet and it may have been one of the best steaks I've ever had. Delicious side of potato-chippy things and some kind of creamy butter sauce that I would put on just about anything and expect it to only make it better. I cannot wait to go back. The desserts also looked amazing -- we were too stuffed to try one, but are planning to go back just for that this weekend.Amazing food..And phenomenal customer service. Try the sesame shrimp.. Absolutely delicious.P.F. Chang-quality food for double the price.Wayyy trendy and over hyped. We had a pretty horrible experience there aside from the food. We were a party of 4 WITH a reservation.  All 7 of the completely unhelpful hostesses just kinda stare at you and shuffle you around, never explaining how they will find you when your table is ready.  We waited an hour past our reservation time spending lots of money in the bar (one of my favorite parts of the night was a specialty drink that resembles lemonade/iced tea).I'm not going to complain about the food because everything was very good, but totally not worth the prices and not good enough to trump the way we were treated upon our arrival. And to be honest, you can dress it up with whatever fancy things you wish, it's still just Chinese food in the end. Everything has that typical soy sauce flavor that comes with Chinese food. As some other people have stated, the entrees generally don't come with any sides, but the menu is designed to get a bunch of things to share with the table, so if you dine here it's best to go the family style route.First of all, this place is beautiful. The dining area is enormous and very elegantly decorated. Walking through the reception and bar, I was afraid that it was going to be all show, but I was in for a real treat.So, I started with the Deviled Tuna Tartar, which was *so good*. Not too spicy, and the tuna was super fresh, it was delicious. Then came the entrée, Short Ribs with Mushroom Chow Fun -- transcendental. The meat was so tender, it fell apart with a little more than a touch of the spoon. The meat was succulent and not over flavored, and the chow fun was exquisite. The Asian pear on the sides were a nice touch, too. I finished off with the Almond Bread Pudding, which was just amazing.An added bonus was that our waitress was very tactful and extremely friendly. She got a very nice tip.Finally, I know how suspicious it sounds when *everything* is wonderful, but trust me -- Buddakan is exactly that. If it gives you any confidence, I don't review very often, as I generally cannot be bothered to do so unless the experience was extreme in either direction. Buddakan definitely deserves my highest praises here on yelp, because it is just that good.I hope your next dining experience will be at Buddakan, and I sincerely hope you enjoy it as much as I did!We went here for dinner during our anniversary trip to New York.  Reservations were easy to make on OpenTable.  The restaurant is on the corner of the street.  There is not a big or well lit sign so you have to look for it.  Once you enter, it's almost all black.  You walk to the hostess counter and they check you in.  The hostess invites you to go upstairs to the bar until the table is ready.  There was a lot of people at the bar so I was wondering how the hostess would know who we were, but they did.  Our table was upstairs peering down to the main floor.  It was still pretty dark.  There was a lot of hustle and bustle around us.  Our waitress told us that the plates are meant to be shared and encouraged us to order appetizer, entrees, rice dish, vegetable; basically she wanted us to order at least one thing from every category.  I really don't like it when waitstaff pressure you to order a lot of food.  Makes it seem more like a sales pitch rather than a recommendation.  Here is what we ordered:Dream cocktail = it is pretty sweet.Edamame Dumplings = All the reviews I read prior to making reservations here raved about these dumplings.  Boy, they were not wrong.  The dumplings had good flavor and tasted oh so light.  I wish there was more broth with the dumplings.Sizzling Short Rib = oh so tender.  The first few bites were wonderful.  After a while there was this salty bitter after taste.  Initially I loved it, but after a few bites I just liked it.Sweet & Crispy Jumbo Shrimp = This is their version of walnut shrimp.  I loved everything about this dish but the one thing it lacked was the sweetness.  It was not sweet at all.Chinese Sausage Fried Rice = I'm not a fan of chinese sausage in general so I really didn't have any comment about this.  My husband liked it but he did wish the rice was more fried.  Szechuan long beans = the beans were drenched in oil.  The spicy pork was a bit salty.Sichuan peanut semifreddo = this was probably the best thing we had all night.  The milk chocolate mousse was heaven.  I liked Buddakhan but I didn't love it.  I think this restaurant is super over rated.  It somewhat reminded me of a fancy PF Chang's.  With New York being a restaurant-eccentric city, I think there are probably better options for food with the same price tag.I heard the Hype about Buddakan so decided to try it out, Food wasnt THAT great, seems almost like a high class expensive  chinese restaurant. The Food was ok, thought the Taro Lollipop was good.Wasnt a fan of the rock shrimp (probably cause I ate alot of it recently), or the general tso dumpling. or the duck spring roll. The crab fried rice was good though ( sorry forgot the name).Dessert was good, I had the crying chocolate, YummOverall I wouldnt order the occasionally regular chinese appetizer you can get for cheaper price, like the dumpling.Out of all the restaurants I've been to...This is still my ALL TIME FAVORITE and I went there this summer. Everything we got was unbelievable. The flavors were amazing and we got mostly seafood dishes. The cocktails were very good too and matched the food wellThe seafood broth dish with king crab was unlike anything I've ever had and I wish I could come back for it! The ambiance was amazing and the staff was so friendlyThere are only many compliments, no complaints here!The atmosphere was AMAZING, a must experience.  The people were wonderful.  The food ranged from good to exceptional.  We had a beef dish that was possibly the best dish I've ever eaten in my life.  I believe it was the filet because it came with a mustard sauce that transformed it from possibly the best beef I have eaten into a life experience for the taste buds.  Owen took great care of us!Buddakan! I heard so many people talking about this place and ranting and raving about it, saying the food is superb, it was on an episode of sex and the city etc. So i had to check it out to see if this place could live up to the hype and it surpassed my expectations. Made an easy reservation via open table and they called i think a day or 2 before to confirm the reservation. This review is for my most recent trip as i have been here a few times since the hype started a few years back. IF YOU REALLY WANT THE BUDDAKAN EXPERIENCE TELL THEM YOU WANT TO BE SEATED IN THE GRAND DINING ROOM, look at some pictures via yelp or google and you will see what i am talking about the decor and set up is truly a thing of beauty to marvel over and is spectacular. I suggest getting a side private table for you and your entourage. Staff and waitresses are very helpful and accommodating, i would say the only thing they should maybe do away with are the guys who looks like they are in "The Matrix" walking around with headsets constantly checking if you are done eating so they can get a quick turnaround and get other guests seated once you are done. I REALLY DON'T LIKE BEING HOVERED OR LURKED NEAR. To the food/drinks i started out with the Tranquility Cocktail which has citrus vodka, lemongrass-infused oolong tea. SOOOOO GOOD probably could have drank about 4-5 of these if i really wanted to. Started off with the General Tsao Dumplings which explode in your mouth (insert joke here) once you bite into them and it's like heaven. I believe there was only 6 of them personally i think you should buy two because 6 is not enough. Tea smoked Sesame Beef which i wasn't really interested in but since my friend told me to try it i did and it was really really good. The Dragon & Phoenix Rolls (roast duck, king crab, herb salad, sweet chili dipping sauce) were only ok to me, pretty underwhelming and overrated but i guess i could see how some people may like it. The lobster fried rice which we were given a ton of was also a big hit. But the dish that stole the show for me was the Kung Pow Monkfish, i mean absolutely superb and i could have it over over and over again.  We finished off the meal with Bittersweet Chocolate Mousse Pave dessert with chinese cinnamon-hazelnut cream, caramel popcorn sherbet) This definitely competes with the Almond Bread Pudding and Crying Chocolate for the best dessert at this restaurant. You wouldn't think all of these components go together but they do and it's the perfect way to finish a meal and it's a foodgasm and a 1/2!!!I would probably go back just for the desserts and drinks. Amazing Amazing nothing but amazing Buddakan!!Ambiance is impressive and alluring.  Everything we had was good and we were thankful that our waiter was very Gluten Free knowledgable.  I recommend sitting downstairs if you have a large party.  We had at least 25 people at our table and the service was still quick enough to get us through in time to have after dinner drinks before going onto our next event that evening.DELICIOUS! I'm always skeptical about Chinese fusion places (since I'm Taiwanese Chinese) that are overpriced with wanna be "Chinese" food, especially with a name like Buddakan. However, I was pleasantly surprised to find the dishes truly creative! The taro and minced pork lollipops were very cute and good. I enjoyed the butternut squash dumplings and the beef lettuce cups. The short rib scallion cakes were a bit too salty, as was the short rib entree. The lobster dish was pretty good, but I enjoyed the small plates the most. The decor is truly amazing. You walk in and see and bar and imagine the rest of the restaurant to look the same, sleek and modern. However, you hang a left and you see a dining room 30 feet below! It's huge downstairs! Minus the rude idiots seated next to us, Buddakan is a great special occasion dining spot!Buddakan. Sure I get it. It's big, it's showy, and the models are flowing through the front doors. But when I go somewhere like this, I want the food to be JUST as impressive as the decor. And it was good...but the ambiance is most definitely superior. For the occasion, it was perfect. We had a group of 12 for a bachelorette party, and we wanted something over-the-top for the event. The room we sat in was a make-shift "library," I use the term "library" quite loosely here. The room's walls were lined with books, but each book was completely identical (picture a snazzy, monotone Encyclopedia Britannica). The walls were sunken in so that the books were flush with surface of the wall, and each section of the bookshelves was back lit with a warm, glowing yellow/orange light. We sat at a long throne-like table in the dimly lit library and chatted away, adding to the mid-level buzzing that fills the restaurant's high ceilings.Apps are ordered. My corner gets the edamame dumplings. Holy unbelievable. We were a mere cocktail into the dinner and couldn't shut up about these dumplings. Had this place been geared towards a dim sum dining encounter, it would get 5 stars for this dumpling. I announced to the table that despite the pretentiousness that oozed all over every surface of this restaurant, I might return just to taste them again. More cocktails and people watching, and we get our entrees. For me, the crispy soft shell crabs with charred pineapple, tomato and Chinese black vinegar. These were OK, although my other experience with soft shell crabs involved a much more digestible shell; this one scratched my esophagus on the way down. I still ate the whole dish, because the crispiness was tasty, and I knew it was going to be a long night.At the end of the night I left with this impression: good food, flashy place, festive, slightly below the hype. Oh yea, and $100 less in my wallet.OK I must brake this place into two parts. One for for the food and one for the decor.First the decor, I give the place 4 stars for the decor. The place is set up very exotic and nice. Love the reds and golds throught out the place. The only downfall is the lighting, the place is too dark for people to see. Especially in the bathrooms.Thank goodness I know where all my parts are. I love the staris that goes down to the grand dinning area. I the set up is very old mideval style, with the long table and chairs with the high backs. Very niceNow to the food, I give it 3 stars. Nothing I haven't tasted at a cheaper Chinese or Asian fusion restaurant. The rock strimp was very nice with the spiced sauce.  I really enjoyed the pinapple chicken. The rice dishes was good too. Drinks, meh, They could give you some more spirits to the drinks.If you have money to spend or lucky enough to have your company party here, then this would be your place.I should probably preface this review by saying that I came here on my 21st birthday. But from what I remember, it was a very pleasant experience. The restaurant is beautiful, the food is good, especially the duck egg roll appetizer (don't recall the exact name or contents of the dish), and the drinks are pretty tasty too. The best part of the restaurant by far is the staff, though. About halfway through dinner, I felt the need to take a short "nap" at the table, and not only was our waitress concerned, she apparently laughed and told my friends not to worry about it, it happens all the time.Also I'm told that Buddakan was in Sex and the City the movie, so that's always good.And in case you were wondering, I had some coffee for dessert, and I was ready for the rest of the night. So all in all a great dinner.If you're from Queens or Jersey, GO HERE!If only to keep you from intruding on the rest of the city.I'm kidding (ok I'm not), but seriously, the biggest issue with Buddakan is the crowd and location. The food is decent, if unoriginal and lacking any real creative inspiration. The main dining room is of course spectacular, but unfortunately it's all spoiled by the nightclub vibe and mediocre service stemming from it. Because of it's prime douchebag-centric location in the Meatpacking district, here you can find a mix of investment bankers trying desperately to appear cool as well as wide-eyed tourists and bridge-and-tunnel freakshows seeking a 'New York' experience. It all combines to form something less than desirable in a culinary outing.It may be a decent choice for a quick after-work meal or drinks, but I'll be skipping it for anything more than that.After hearing about this place and seeing it in the "Sex and the City" movie, my friend and myself decided to have dinner here.I was hoping it would live up to the hype..... and IT DID!We made dinner reservations, but had to wait for about 10 minutes. (No biggie because it was a beautiful and interesting place to observe.)We each had individual entrees and shared the lobster rice. (The Lobster Rice was seriously amazing. I dream about how good it was!!!)For dessert we shared glazed tea donuts with vanilla bean ice cream. Yummmy as well.I also had a DELICIOUS cocktail during dinner... They change their drink menu often though.****A must try for locals or visitors!!We stayed in New York at the end of September 2009, and went to this restaurant since it was in the Sex and the City movie and we are total nerds for the show. I didn't realize until we got inside how huge the restaurant is! Each room seems to have its own style and feel to it, and they all are very elegant. The service was good, my friend was a vegetarian so we had some eating restrictions and our waitress was able to let us know which dishes were safe.We ordered the edamame dumplings, which were awesome! I could have ordered two more plates of these easily. We also shared the Chinese Garden Salad, which was awesome, there were little pieces of lychie in it and I love having a touch of fruit in my salad. I know we ordered another dish, but I can't recall what it was, and then we had the Crying Chocolate for dessert which was super rich but super wonderful! I would love to go back to this restaurant, too bad it's so far away!What can I say about Buddakan that hasn't already been said?One of my closest girlfriends took me here for my birthday a little while back. I can honestly say that Buddakan was the first and only galvanizing dining experience I've ever had. I mean, literally, I was just anxious and excited to even be there. It's extremely trendy and can be viewed as a 'go-to-be-seen' type of place.Service was first-rate, food was splendid, décor was stunning and chic, and ambiance was top notch. This place is just fabulous all across the board.This place is wonderful!  when i have friends coming to nyc from another country on holiday or visiting, i usually take them here if their looking for a good looking place with good atmosphere because of the decor and ambiance of this place.  the food is surprisingly not pricey at all and quite good for asian fusion cuisine.  and if you order alcohol (other than beer), the drinks are surprisingly strong, a BIG +!  every meal i've had here was very good, i haven't had an unpleasant meal yet!the best section to be if you just want to lounge around with a couple of friends is either the gold room or the entrance lounge.  the best section to be if you have a large number of people or you want to eat the meals on the menu is the great room or the Buddha room.We had some business meetings with a few people at The Food Network next door (in Chelsea Market) and decided to go to Buddakan for some post-business appetizers and wine.  I can tell you that if you want to have an incredible dining experience anywhere, take along some friends who work at The Food Network.We were introduced to the manager, who offered to let us meet the chefs (which we regretfully had to decline, based on the timing of our flight out of LGA).  He also sent over several appetizers that weren't on the menu yet, along with many that were.  We really enjoyed a large variety of flavors, proteins and seasonings across many of the dishes that came to our table in regular 9 minute intervals.  Just as soon as we had tried one or two items from one dish, another would be arriving to replace it.  The edamame dumplings literally do "melt in your mouth" while filling your palate with a creamy texture of goodness and savory flavor.  The pork belly savory rolls were also fantastic, as were the spare ribs.  Other people at the table were enjoying several seafood items (which I don't eat) and they were raving about it.While we were there, we saw Dog the Bounty Hunter and his wife walk into the restaurant and be escorted to a table in the lower level.  Please don't let this negatively affect your opinion of the restaurant.  It actually is quite fabulous and the service is top notch.  The ambiance and decor are really gorgeous and a site to behold, as well.  I really want to come back here and have a full meal sometime soon.Great place for out-of-towners or the B&T set.  Locals, go elsewhere.  The food is nothing to write home about, the drinks are marginal, and the place oozes cheesiness.  Exactly how to impress your cousins visiting from Ohio / New Jersey.Awesome ambience, food and service! Definitely a place to go on a special occasion or with a special person :) Try the edamame dumplings and the FROG legs!!As portraited in Sex and the City, this place is incrediably beautiful. It's super dim and super grand inside. As much as I admire the presentation of the food, I could barely see the real color of the food. The place looks very romantic, but it's unbelievably loud for a date. My friends and I had to yell across the table to hear each other. The food is just okay. Everything was pretty salty. I highly recommend the pork buns. It's also salty and flavorful, but it tasted great with the buns that comes with it. The green bean stirfy is also yummy. I am not a fan of lamb but I must say, I was able to eat one rack of lamb myself. It's not gamey at all. The lobster fried rice was a bit overhyped. There are chunks of lobsters in it but it lacked the lobster flavor. I think it's a nice place for girls' night out or just a fun hang out.Before writing what I really think of Buddakan, I must say: it's a great place to take your date here, if your date is someone who likes party and who is impressed by fancy ambiance places.It's a bit weird...when I was sitting in and having dinner, I thought it was a 4 stars experience, however, as soon as I was walking out the restaurant, I thought...nah, it was a 3 stars......Like: ambiance, presentation of the food and place, beautiful people walking around, great musicDislike: simply doesn't feel there was much substance....The food was decent, we were 4 people and ordered:Starter: chili rock shrimp, tuna spring roll, edamame dumplings, boneless spare ribsMain: Charred filet of beef, cantonese sole, broken chili chicken, chinese sausage riceThe food was pretty good, but it was not mind blowing, I guess I was a bit disappointed when I was about to leave and to see there were still lots of people waiting for a table was that I was only paying for the ambiance and for being at a trendy place. I guess I am at an age that I prefer to go somewhere that I want to pay for the quality of food and actual good services.....Oh gosh, I think I am getting old......If you take a home-girl here and don't make out afterwards, you're doing it wrong.Delicious food (stick crab rice? yes please). The venue is big enough to fit a blue whale, and classier than anything Louis XIV ever had. And the drinks are crazy good (try the Reflection drink).4 stars - minus 1 for it being crazy pricey; a bit more than it's worth, I think.Came here last night(Saturday) with my boyfriend. We came for an early dinner around 6:30 and we were seated within seconds of arriving. Very large space, modern decor but very little to look at, very dimly lit. We started with the deviled tuna tartar, my boyfriend and I try tuna tartar every chance we get at restaurants and theirs was definitely very fresh. They had a bit of a kick to it too, slightly spicey.Next, edamame dumplings....these are one of a kind. They were amazing. The chili rock shrimp, very good couldn't stop eating them.Shrimp and lobster chow fun- this was a little disappointing, not that it was bad I just expected better. I did like the huge pieces of lobster and shrimp.Tea smoked wagyu- the meat was very soft and tender, very flavorful We chose to go with the crying chocolate for dessert thanks to other yelp reviews..wow this was delicious! I love combining anything chocolate and ice cream and this was amazing. Absolutely loved the jasmine tea ice cream!!!The food and customer service was awesome!  All I can say is definitely check it out for yourself.  It lived up to my expectations.  I'm definitely looking forward to going back soon.Oh, you must try the chili rock shrimp.  Delicious!!!!This was probably the best meal that I have ever eaten! Our reservations were fairly early, so there was no wait and we were seated in the main dining hall. The service and food were simply impeccable! My favorite dish of the meal was the chili rock shrimp; there was just a very unique taste about them. We also had the General Tso' Dumplings as a dim sum. The Chinese Sausage Fried Rice was delicious, as was the Sweet And Sour Chicken and the King Crab Hot Pot. All of these were split among 4 people, so we had a very good variety of food. The drinks were decent (highly recommend the chocolate martini) and dessert was also to die for! I wish there was a Buddakan closer to where I live, but next time I am in NYC, I will definitely be back!My ex and I had dinner reservations here for my birthday. We first sat at the bar to have a drink and chatted for a little while and then headed to our table. I usually refrain from ordering cocktails and just have Gin on the rocks, but the waitress convinced me to order a pineapple martini with orange (at least I think). Ohhhhh, it was delicious and had quite a kick to it! I was super chatty and excited all throughout dinner.We totally over did it with the food. We ended up ordering wayyyy to much, but it was worth it! We had the pork pot stickers, chili rock shrimp, dumplings, Mongolian lamb chops, short ribs, lobster fried rice and something else I can't remember haha. Unfortunately, there was no room for dessert! Our food was delicious. We spent $200 in dinner/drinks and probably about $30 at the bar.The staff was friendly and polite. The restaurant itself it's beautiful and has different sections. I personally like going to restaurants that have really great ambiance and décor. Buddakan is everything and more. This is a great place to come and drop some money on great food and have a good time with friends or a loved one or anyone you want to impress  Why not take a client here?!I agree with the other reviewer, I rather go to Buddakan then Tao. Also, it's in a much happening location. More bars and things to do.Entering through a nondescript door on 9th Avenue you are greeted by a busy concierge desk and then escorted to a dark, sexy lounge to await your table. This place exudes class. A bouncer guards the kitchen door just to keep things tidy and safe. After a host gathers you to your table (how did they find us?), you will be wowed as you descend the grand staircase. Soak it all in. It is huge.We didn't realize at first but the menu setup of Buddakan favors sharing so this is not a she and him meal but rather order a number of items and share. The edamame dumplings are indeed inventive and a must-try. The rock shrimp were perfectly done and just the right spice. The filet strips melt in your mouth. The monkfish is crispy, just the right heat. The crying chocolate dessert will leave you weaping for more.Most NY restaurant reviews tell the tale of tight spaces and small tables. While Buddakan is huge you can taste your neighbors food. But the ambience keeps you focused. It seemed like it was setup to favor different groups, as we found a large table singing Happy Birthday had plenty of lighting but our two-top was intimate and cozy. So many little enclaves and rooms - loved the 'library' room. The crowd is mixed, a lot of couples and singles dressed for a night out, a father with his two teenaged girls celebrating something, a birthday party of 20-somethings. Hip enough to keep out Mah and Pah Denim-Shorts but not too hip to need a socialite under your arm.Periodically we come across someplace unique, although most restaurants claim to be, I just found one that I will return to again and again. As you walk into Buddakan, you are transformed into an experience that you will always refer to. The decor is dark, sexy and grand, in an elegantly low key approach. That change in atmosphere will awaken your senses. All of them. The menu is different. You can dine here on many levels, light, rich, simple or complex. I enjoyed the referred Rock Shrimp as an appy. Quite good. I chose to stay on the small plate extravaganza, as my second plate was the Peking Duck Salad. I word. Brilliant. It was enough to make me think about moving back to NY!As my entree, I selected the Pork Belly Buns. That's all I can stand. The flavor, the plating, the taste,Remarkable! You will see me here whenever in town. Everything was the finest I could have asked for. Sweet, savory, every texture and decadent flavor made you get lost in the food. What a treat.Treat yourself to one of the more fine dining experiences that you will have!We ordered the sizzling short rib, tea smoked chicken, and vegetable rice. Overall, I thought the food was pretty good, although, it tasted very similar to stuff my mom's made (or stuff you can get in Chinatown). The sizzling short rib tasted similar to the short rib from Balthazar on a Saturday night (it's better at Balthazar because it's not as salty as Buddakan's) and the tea smoked chicken seriously tasted like something I could buy in Chinatown.  The vegetable rice was actually very interesting - there was a coconut curry foam on the side of the rice that mixed very well with the taste of the vegetables.  I feel like Buddakan is still trying to be an "it" restaurant even though it's more like a glorified P.F. Chang's.I would definitely argue that Buddakan is overpriced for mediocre food.Had the short rib, it was more or less flavorless.  Also, our table ordered the lamb- it was underwhelming.Also, the service was terrible- our waitress was M.I.A for stretches of 10 min. or more at a time- completely unacceptable for such a purportedly nice restaurant.  I might come back for a drink at the bar, but that is about it.Great atmosphere, if your in NYC and want a nice relaxing hot place to go with good food make sure you stop by this place.The lounge was nice as well.My favorite dish: charred fillet of beef if you like steak.The service was bit slow but over all good experience:)this place was AMAZING.the ambiance was great, the food and drinks were great and the staff was just as wonderful.got off the bus from DC and went straight here with 4 girlfriends. obviously we each paid about $50 by the end of the night. we each got a drink, and a bottle of sake, and then food to split around the table. highly recommend the crab sticky rice, the edamame dumplings & the lobster egg rolls.great place to go if you want to dress up, feel swanky and start a typical NYC night off right!Ate here late (11PM) on a Thursday night. Place was not too busy. Love the decor! We waited at the bar for about 10 minutes for our table to be set. Headed down the staircase and caught eye of the beautiful communal table. Looks like it would seat about 20 people. This is the same restaurant and table that was used in the Sex and the City movie (Carrie and Big's rehearsal dinner). On our menu that night: Taro Puff Lollipops (w/minced pork, sweet & sour sauce) - Cute presentation and a yummy starter! Crab Fried Rice (w/wok scrambled egg) - Again...good presentation in a shell and very tasty. Although I only had a couple scoops of it because the hubby scarfed it down. He LOVED it! Charred Fillet of Beef (w/wonton crisps, mustard sauce) - This was just OK to me but the hubby thought it was really good. Mao Poe Tofu (w/minced pork, red chili) - Such a simple dish but my favorite of what we ordered. Came with a big scoop of steamed white rice so it was actually VERY filling. We didn't even get to finish it because we were both so stuffed. Overall...Love the ambiance of the restaurant. Food was delicious. Would be a great place for a large dinner party. I would maybe come back here again.... I only say maybe because I'm not from NYC so when I do come into the city I like to try out different spots for dinner....especially if the place is a bit on the pricey side, which Buddakan is.I am breaking up with you B, sorry to do over yelp, but instead of sophistication and finesse, the aging makes you less appetizing and slower. I have been kind to you in the last 5 years, so hopefully there is no regrets on your part as well...I have been coming here probably monthly for the last several years, it was my fav place for b-day parties, first dates, valentines, and client entertainment. Food was getting more mediocre and service was getting worse, but I had so many good memories that I just couldn't quite let B go. Until yesterday... the food was so bad (soggy lobster rice, salty crab rice, overfryed duck rolls, tasteless seabass) and service was so reprehensible (40 min wait for a table, had to keep asking for updates, no apologies, waited 30 min for some appetizers with no explanations, had to ask repeatedly for water refills) for an establishments in B's price range that I must call it off.B, you still have several years in you to charm tourists and B&Ts, but I have to move on something better, hugsEasily the best Chinese food I've ever eaten!  Hands down!Although this place is quite expensive, our party decided to bite the bullet and go for it.  The restaurant itself it quite chic and tastefully ornate, complete with ambient lighting and grand murals.  The service is impeccable, and our sharp, sociable waiter never missed a beat.As food is concerned, I'd call this place a "P. F. Chang's on Steroids."  The food - especially the Edamame Dumplings, a must-have - is of the utmost quality.  Every dish we ordered was a new and fresh sensation, and there wasn't one thing that our party did not like.  I highly recommend Buddakan.  Just be sure and make a reservation!Yesssss 5 stars for Buddakan my luv. So caveat: it was my bday so maybe my opinions are biased..BUT my opinion seem to agree with most peoples here so i think Im safe..i always think that experiences begin with atmosphere and space is a gorgeous concept in restaurants and Buddakan is beautifully proportioned..from the entrance to the bar (decadence!) to the tables on the first floor, to the never ending stairs down the rabbit hole with people staring up at you to what turned out to be a relatively private bday table even though we were seated next to other people..decor-wise Buddakan is visually stimulating..the place is just..sexy!So mine eyes are touched..is the rest anymore inspiring? at the expense of sounding boring the food is phenomenal..simple yet twisted, everything is in perfect portions, uses lovely ingredients..edamame dumplings, lobster egg-rolls (burnt my tongue again!), crab hot potttttttt....yum yum yum all accompanied by lots of Champagne! Advice: try and get some awesome friends..to get surprise resevs for very merry super un-un-bdays at places like these..triple sighhhhh...I know this place doesn't need any more reviews... but I rarely get to go to NYC so you better believe I'm going to review what I can!After a full day of corporate training, a group of 12 of us came in here without a reservation - luckily it was early and they were able to accomodate us. We sat in the lounge/bar area, around one of the huge, low tables. At first this was weird... then we realized it was actually awesome. We got to sit back and observe as the crowd poured in; it made for great people watching.With some quick references to the Yelp app on my iPhone, I knew exactly what I wanted to order. Since I had my corporate card in my back pocket, I tried a bunch of different items:Edamame Dumplings - delicate, very unique and tasty but you better be an edamame fan.Chili Rock Shrimp - SPICY and delicious, my favorite item.Sugar Snap Peas - great mix of flavors without being overwhelming, they were a good compliment to the shrimp.I washed it all down with a Lush cocktail (very girly and fun) and then stole a bite of a coworker's dessert - the Crying Chocolate was FANTASTIC. I sincerely regretted not getting one for myself. Next time...Food: 5 starsValue: 4 starsService: 5 starsAmbiance: 5 starsA treat for the eye not your taste buds. I came with a friend of mine who said she always wanted to try the place and heard rave reviews about it, infact she mentioned that one had to to book more than a month ago(probably because of the Sex and the City toast scene that was shot here). Luckily (though now I don't feel to be considered lucky) we didn't had to go through all that, although my friend arrived bit earlier than me and she was told by the receptionist that if your friend doesn't arrive in 5 minutes you might have to wait till 11PM, you kidding me its not even 6PM(what the ..), thats plain rude and nothing but bubble up the hype.Anyhow guess I made before the 5 min deadline and we were asked to sit in the lounge. Again the whole part of the scene creation thing, its just 6PM there is plenty of space inside, hey but you gotta wait. Luck enough it wasn't to long and we were escorted to our table. Well would like to take a moment here for the ambiance and decor, since while walking by and sitting down trying to drink the setup. I think it is worth dropping by for that.Our waiter seemed like a decent guy and explained how would the dishes come out and the portion and their signature dishes. I started out with nicely done Fever cocktail made of mezcal, lime jalepeno, pomegranate, had the nice sharp flavor of jalepeno and a nice suttle  tangy taste of pomegranate. The Edamame Dumplings were pretty nicely done. Completely dissatisfied with the main course, got the monkfish and the mushroom noodles both of them turned to be below mediocre. Infact for the noodles we are being served the instant noodles, is it wrong to expect some nicer taste and flavor in a  classy place. The fish seemed fresh but the sauce wasn't any good, the peanuts were cooked properly, simple disregard for the taste and flavor. Overall as my friend said, this place is good to enjoy the atmosphere, a few drinks in the lounge and some appetizers, spare your main course somewhere else. For $110 for two I am not gonna get satisfied with sheer ambiance and all the scene creation, I need my taste buds to be tickled.If I wanted mediocre Chinese food, I could've went to Chinatown...To start, the ambiance of the place is very romantic and intimate. Let's start with what was good... DESSERT! Went with Yelpers and got the Crying Chocolate... Delicious!!  By far, our favorite dish of the night. Seriously. Chili Rock Shrimp came in a close second. My first thought was popcorn shrimp but way better! Got the Spiced Tofu and Cashew, Dungeoness crab sticky rice and Edamame dumplings as well. Spiced Tofu = PASS. Sticky rice wasn't all that special, barely any crab to taste. As for the dumplings, SAVE YOURSELF. When we saw it, both my friend and I narrowed our eyes at it. It was ridiculously small portioned and not to mention, a terrible food choice. We can get bigger, better dumplings elsewhere for $1 people!Utterly disappointed especially with all the hype about this place.Awesome cocktails, great ambiance, terrible hostesses.Came here for a small birthday dinner, showed up on time with 3 out of the party of 4, hostess refused to seat us until the 4th showed up. Even when everyone was present, we had to wait another 25 minutes. The reservation had requested seating in the downstairs dining room, instead we were placed in a back empty corner upstairs, by this time we were so famished we didn't even want to spend another minute dealing with the dim-witted self-entitled struggling MAW (model-actress-whatever) hostesses to try and get better seating.Luckily being sat in the quiet corner meant much more attentive service. We went with three apps and three larger dishes, which turned out to me more than enough food. The edamame dumplings (which i was very skeptical about) were worthy of all its hype, the chili rock shrimp was blah - doesn't come anywhere close to nobu's rock shrimp, and the spring rolls were indistinguishable from chinese take-out spring rolls.On to the larger dishes, the sizzling short rib with mushroom chow fun was amazing...I would've been happy just eating that dish for a meal. The duck noodles were good but none of us realized from the menu that It actually was a wonton noodle soup type of dish. Lastly the chinese sausage fried rice came in a huge portion, enough for 5-6 people, but I was unimpressed, it was basically plain rice with a lot of grease and soy sauce.We finished up with ice cream, which of course was homemade and delicious. Overall, another great steven starr restaurant, 3.5 stars...would have been 4 without the long wait and backroom seatingIs this a CIA base? Cause it certainly feels like it when you walk in. Totally unnoticeable from the outside, which during NYC winters, may be a problem for some to locate. The food was delicious. But not worth forking over so-much-money-delicious. Some favorites were the Mongolian lamb chops and the black pepper beef. Desserts also stood out as we got the pumpkin cheesecake. I appreciate the Cantonese influence in the menu but I was unaware my ancestors had a hard sauce. Thanks for letting me know, Buddakan. Also, if you're here for a birthday celebration, as I was, it is imperative that you get a shot of some sort of liquor (we got Ciroc). Be surprised at what arrives at your table shortly.A hyped up place made famous by a certain TV show, I wanted to dislike them. However, the food was really quite good. It is a little overpriced for what it is, but that said, they have actually put some thought into their recipes.  We got Udon noodles and some cod,and both were really good. If you can deal with the mix of douche bags and star-struck  tourists you will inevitably have to share your space with, you will likely enjoy your meal.This restaurant gets an A+++ for Ambiance and atmosphere. Maybe one of the best locations for an intimate one-on-one date in the City. The drinks are quite delicious with an Asian Flare. The House Dj on Friday nights provides the perfect mood and tone for the energy of a Friday night in the Meat Packing District. If dining here with a party of 6 people, consider the Pre-Fix tasting Menu at around $65/person. Its a great deal and will be more food than you can imagine but a great way to see what the Chef can really do.I had been dying to go here since it opened, just had not gotten a chance until last week my dear friend from LA came in to celebrate her birthday. We had a large group and were immmediatly seated on a great table. The decor is absolutely grand in every way , from walking down the massive stairsinto the immense dining room with huge chandeliers cascading from the ceiling, it is a must see.we basically ordered everything on the menu and it all tasted fantastic.pricey but worth the experience! i will go again, soon hopefully!Yes, it may be a little theme park-ish and a bit touristy and its got that hotel-like front desk.  But, the Asian inspired food kicks some serious butt.  Namely:  The beautifully artfully presented Vegetable DumplingsThe crazy delicious Boneless Spare RibsThe interesting Chilled Udon NoodlesThe sublime Charred Filet of BeefYum yum yumSeriously one of the best meals/dining experiences I've had in a long time. Not only is the space at Buddakan picturesque (no, really, bring your camera), but the food is UH-MAH-ZING. I had 2 cocktails because I was on vacation and needed to get this overeating party started. Successfully, I gained 5 lbs in the week I was gone. But that's neither here nor there.I was with my Croatian sisters + sorority sister and it was a bonafide girls night out. We just kept ordering different plates, and the staff were nice enough to put 5 items on each plate instead of the 3 it came with, since there were 5 of us. How nice is that?!They also brought out these things in courses. Lobster egg rolls, pot stickers, some little satchel of chicken and sauce, fried rice, noodles, shrimp toast, OH MY! Oh wait, another plate of lobster fried rice? Shifty eyes everywhere--"no one say anything!" my friend Stephanie demanded. That's right, folks. Complimentary fried rice. Or just a confused waitstaff. Awww yeah.Then, when all was said and done, everyone needed to order their own $10 dessert. I got the chocolate mousse parfait and the other gals ordered bread pudding. Both things made me want to faint they were so tasty.2 cocktails, endless plates and a $10 dessert and my share was only $60. HOLLA. Seriously, one of the best restaurants I've ever been to.I've been to Buddakan twice now and both experiences have been great!Tried the cocktail "Fate" that was recommended by our waitress. Thought it was quite delicious!On to the food.. Party of 7 ordered - Spring Rolls, Tuna Tartar Rolls, Duck Salad, Spare Ribs, Rock Shrimp, Frog Legs and the Scallion Pancakes to start. I would pass on the pancakes next time but everything else was Yum, Yum and YUM! Then on to the entrees.. we all shared Black Pepper Beef, Black Cod, Scallops, Peking Duck, Lobster Fried Rice, Crab Sticky Rice and Asparagus. You can probably get better pepper steak at a takeout restaurant but all the other dishes were amazing. Wish I had a bigger stomach to try more dishes!! For dessert, I had the Crying Chocolate with Jasmine Ice Cream. It definitely made me cry cause it was so good and I wanted more (corny) LOLThe service was really great. I love the interior design! I was a little disappointed to be seated so far back into the restaurant. I couldn't see the glorious main dining area. Most importantly... The food. Overpriced Chinese take out. Granted, it seemed to be a little less greasy and some items were quite good. But overall? I'm not coming back. Not worth the price tag.Let's break it down...Food: Wow. I asked myself how could a place this large and busy w/ all it's hype live up to it's rep. It can. I will say this about TWO and ONLY two dishes - 1) Edamame dumplings, 2) Chili rock shrimp - out of bounds flavor, hands down delicious, seriously incredible. If you come here w/o getting them those apps, lets just say you blew it. Atmosphere: Wow. Seriously. Probably what it's known for. Not many places in the city like it. Hits everything from romantic to clubby, upscale and trendy to everything else in between. Service: To call our waitress knowledgeable of the menu is a stretch. However in a place this large, her individual attentiveness and overall service experience was superb.  Drinks: Overpriced and nothing fancy. They'll have what you'll need (full bar). However to call their drinks creative, inventive, different - well that would simply be a lie.My recommendation: Come here. Seriously just do it. Why your still reading this review is beyond me. Get up and go. Bare in mind, you will be wowed all around, otherwise you have a screw missing. Everyone who knows about modern NYC eating knows about this spot - it's an institution and unless they screw it up - it will continue to be.I suggested this place to my friends who were in town, mainly for the fact it was in Sex and the City! We called on a Saturday afternoon and were told the only reservation available was at midnight. We decided to show up at 8pm anyway and were able to find a table in their full service lounge. We each ordered a $12 cocktail, which were all delicious and had unique ingredients. Then we got 3 apps and shared. We had the Edamame Dumplings, Calamari salad, and Lobster spring rolls - all amazing!The decor was beautiful with tall ceilings and separate rooms. It seems like a good place for big groups because there was an entire room that was empty with special menus at each seat. Everyone there was friendly and welcoming. I didn't even spend as much money as I was expecting - they have several affordable items. I would love to go back when its not as busy and I can actually sit at a table in one of their dining rooms.This place would have gotten 5 stars if it werent for the unpleasant experience at the bar. My firend and I were a few minutes early for our reservation, so we went to grab drinks until we were sat. It took us almost 10 minutes until someone even attempted to look like they could make our drinks, and then when they finally did, they couldnt even muster a smile. Bar service in two words: underwhelming & rude.The food on the other hand was DELICIOUS.Started with the edamame dim sum and the scalian pancakes. The dim sum was to die for, but the pancakes were a little heavy. Got the Bo Bo plate as my entree and trust me when I say it was plenty of food. I could barely finish a taste of everything. The carrot dumplings were super yummy and the spring rolls lived up to their reputation. My friend got the lobster fried rice; so good.No room for dessert, maybe next time.As far as the ambiance, I wouldn't come here for a date, it's probably a better place to meet up with friends and grab drinks and get ready to head out to MePa afterwards.I'm proud to be the 51st person to mention the chili rock shrimp, it's all kinds of deliccccioussss!  The dumplings and scallion pancakes are amazing as well.  I've been here several times and recently visited the philly location and can tell you this place is the truth. It's an enormous place, each of the 5 rooms have their own feel and decor to it.  The crowd is beautiful, the drinks are funky, the staff is H squared (hot and  helpful) and management really cares about their customers.One night we had dinner here before going out and my friends glass of vodka tonic got stuck to the table and the top part of the glass got pulled up...yes spilling the whole drink on him.  We did call the manager over, he provided the four of us with 4 free drinks and covered 4 of our appetizers...basically a 100 bucks worth of stuff.  Glad he did that though because his 100 dollar investment has paid back ten fold with the amount I come here.  Impress a client, eat great food, take a date (if she's worth it), it caters to everyone who is looking for a nice night out.  Ofcourse you will see several of your standard 20yr old beautiful and broke women of ny with their 50 yr old sugar daddies here popping a bottle or two of champagne practicing for the hope that they can pop a pill or two of viagara later....c'est la vie!I highly recommend to those that have not gone as well as those that love fusion food. The food was great and love the ambience... Kevin our waiter was great. It was a perfect end to my NY trip.As a food  lover I was highly  disappointed with the service at Buddakan. The food was good but didn't match it price tag what so ever. The appetizers served so fast that my GF and I didn't even had the time to enjoy the wine. There was a 15 min gap between the first and the second entree, when I asked the waiter why does it takes so long he came out with a lame excuse..."the restaurant is too big"... why should I care...?At the end of the dinner (45 min after we came in- world record) we spoke with the manager and told him about the service and the waiter and he decided to solve it by saying: "I will talk to him, so sorry". I was shocked, but based on their reaction its seems like they used to such a criticism from client but they just don't give a shit. Never coming back, there are way too many good restaurant in NY that I would prefer to spend my money at...I've been to Buddakan three times now, and it has been a perfect experience every time. You HAVE to order the edamame dumplings. The restaurant is absolutely gorgeous and I love how each "room" has a different feel. I highly recommend the ginger crusted rack of lamb... so tender and the ginger crust is phenomenally delicious. I do not recommend going without a reservation, which can be hard to get less than a week in advance (unless you want to eat dinner at either 6:00 or 11:00 pm). They do have first come, first serve seating in the bar area with full menu service. But beware of table stalking taking place if you decide to go this route.I planned to start my Yelp with something like, "What can I say about this place that hasn't been said." Then I saw someone else had already said that.This place is a factory. Hostess check-in looked like the registration counter at a conference hotel.  Nevertheless, I liked everything about the place. From the low lit cool atmosphere to the surprisingly good food. Some factories get it right.Simply one of the best dining experiences we had...and we do go out a lot. While the decor and ambiance is absolutely phenomenal, we were overwhelmed with the quality of the food and the service we had. As appetizers, we ordered the calamari salad, a sure bet, and the lobster egg rolls, which we HIGHLY recommend. For entrée we had the ever tender short ribs and the Chili King Crab which is a new addition on the menu, and which we also think is a MUST TRY.  Our host recommended it to us and she was absolutely right, this is insanely good! Besides, the quality of the service was simply top notch. Our food was served promptly, hot, the recommendations were on point, what else do you need? It wasn't our first time and certainly not our last. Anybody who has not been there yet must absolutely put that on top of their list!To be honest, I could actually give the food a 3, but the decor, ambiance, space, and service raise it to a 4. Lovely setting and a kind of non-descript location in the meatpacking district. The food was good, but I can't say I was overwhelmed by the tastiness and I seriously don't get the hype around the edamame dumplings.We had a party of 6 so we tried the tasting menu #2 which provided an assortment of appetizers, entrees, and desserts. Of all the food we tried, I'd say the tuna tartare rolls and braised beef were the two memorable items.For the prices, the location, and everything else - i think we could've gotten better.  I don't live in the city so we made a trip in just for this - I think we could've done better locally.Can't recommend the chili rock shrimp and crying chocolate enough! Love that they serve family style. Service was great too. Will be back for more!Came with big expectations and quite disappointed.It was good but not great, too expensive for what you get, but not terrible.Nice presentation for most courses.Not recommended: sausage fried rice, asparagus, semifreddo.Recommended: edamame dumplings, scallops, chili rock shrimps, tart tatin.Beautiful place, big impressive dining room. The service should be much better in those kind of places.I should come back for more tastings and sharing with my family.I thought the food was good, the atmosphere cool, the service nice. We sat at the "bar lounge" area for dinner, which was entirely acceptable and comfortable.In general, Buddakan is a great place for a business dinner or a dinner with friends, since the dishes are all for sharing.  It's not a cheap place.The look of the place and the staff were all as they should be for this type of place. The decor was posh -- dark and pretty. The space was large, which I like. Everyone was extremely professional and attentive.The cocktails were delicious! And only $12 which is (sad but true in New York) perfectly good value for a drink at a nice bar.The crispy spring rolls stuffed with duck and foie gras were amazing. The best part of the meal. I tried the edamame dumplings after everyone on Yelp seemed to unanimously say they were good, but I didn't like them at all! The taste and texture were strange -- it's really just some sort of green paste wrapped in a dumpling...We had the short ribs and the king crab hot pot as entrees. They were good, of course, but don't stand out as much as the spring rolls do. The waiter warned us that everything was family style and that we should order several dishes, so that made us think that portions would be small. But they were not small at all, so we were really stuffed. Sadly, too stuffed to try dessert.My Bestie and I went here with a another girlfriend for her birthday.  We didn't have a reservation, but had no trouble getting in.  The place is very beautiful. We ordered a few different dishes and shared.  The drinks were great and the food was really good. The waitress was very friendly and gave up tips for her favorite and/or the most popular dishes.I had no idea what to expect when my colleagues made reservations at Buddakan for a dinner with clients, but I think I had the best experience possible. First of all, I recommend going here with a good-sized group (5-10 people) so you can take advantage of the family-sized portions and experience a variety of dishes. I think I would have been disappointed if I went with only one or two other people. As for the food, the edamame dumplings are great and my dining companions raved about the short ribs, lobster spring rolls, and deviled tuna tartare. We sampled the whole Peking duck, chilled udon noodles, vegetable rice, spiced tofu with cashews and eggplant, and several beef dishes. Everything was really good, cooked perfectly, and plated beautifully. Leave room for dessert and if the spice cake is still on the menu, try it. It came with ice cream, a small piece of cake, and a delicately fried apple, I believe. Good wine and saki selection, too. Oh, and it's just as beautiful inside as everyone described. Be careful though - the dishes add up!!!I wish I could give this place 10 stars. It is very funky and modern looking, even from the outside. When you walk in it feels like you are going to check into a hotel; there is a long desk with a bunch of hostesses waiting to assist you. The lounge/bar area looked very nice - dark and intimate with lots of cozy tables. The upper area of the restaurant is more modern while the lower level is more traditional with high ceilings and pretty chandeliers. On to the food...one word: AMAZING. I wanted to try everything. I was with 3 other people so we ordered a couple of appetizers to share and then 4 main dishes and a side. The edamame dumplings and scallion pancakes were the perfect start. The dumplings were plump and flavorful and the addition of beef to top the scallion pancakes was a nice touch.My entree, the ginger glazed veal cheeks, came over lo mein noodles and a pickled apple salad. All the flavors came together really well and the meat was fall apart tender. Delicious. My dining companions entrees looked great as well - hot & sour scallops, sweet & sour chicken, dungess crab noodles. Our side, the sugar snap peas, were also cooked perfectly.Portions were just right. We all sampled delicious food and left full but not too full. Service was friendly and attentive.It is expensive? Yes. Is it for every day? No. But you can be sure I'll be back again for special occassions, like last night.PS get the Tranquility cocktail!Great atomsphere and food. The appetizers are the best. Try the general tso soup dumplings, taro lollipops, braised pork belly, potstickers, and duck rolls. The lamb is one of the better entrees. Try a cocktail or two, also very delicious!Reservations recommended!Food: 7.5Decor: 8Service: 8*ratings out of 10Went here recently for a friends 30th Birthday. Booked a few weeks in advance for a late saturday booking as I heard it can get quite booked out. It was certainly buzzing when we arrived for our 9:30 seating and as some others have pointed out, you might still need to wait once you arrive. But honestly, take a deep breath, go order a cocktail and wait at the bar in the amazing surroundings.You have pretty strong will power if you can manage to be uptight and angry in there because the setting, the service and the food are amazing.The hosts told us they would find us when our table was ready. They found us once to give us an update that we had not been forgotten (it had been less than 10 minutes) then they were back in a few more minutes to seat us. These were different girls finding us, makes me wonder if they keep notes on what we look like. Regardless, amazing service.Our waiter was knowledgeable, personable and fun. We were not rushed in anyway, he recommended he actually liked, and suggested the best wines. He also made several jokes about us breaking two champagne flutes, but I tell you they were fragile...Make sure you eat the edamame dumplings, it's heaven.There was so much more to the experience, go and try it for yourself!Let's face it, you come here for the "wow" factor. And you definitely get it. I came here for my birthday and was not disappointed. I had no trouble making reservations and was even asked when they called to confirm if it was for a special event. Those small details make a huge difference and are the reason you pay more. The entrance is very discreet which is cool. There were about five hosts checking people in, so you know the place was busy. I let them know we had a reservation and they told us to wait in the "lounge." I was a little worried that they would seat us in there. It was cramped and everyone seemed to be on top of one another. They didn't though. We waited about five minutes until a very nice woman came and escorted us down the grand staircase to our table in the main hall. Wow, that was impressive! We all ordered drinks and a few appetizer plates as well as dessert. Everything was great, but since I didn't have an entree plate I can't really judge the food. Overall though it was a great experience. I loved that the music in the restaurant wasn't too loud and overbearing like some places. The big hall had an echo with all the people but I could still hear the conversation. Our table was at the base of the staircase, pretty big and private which was nice considering how cramped NY can be. And the crying chocolate cake was amazing! They even wrote "happy birthday" to me in chocolate syrup on the plate. When we were all taking pictures a manager came over without asking to let us all get in for one shot. We weren't rushed out even though it was a busy night. I'd come back, but probably only for a special event. This is a great place to take someone if you want to impress them!Fan-frickin-tastic. I think i can end my review with that.But I won't, because I have a few things I'd like to say about Buddkan.. like how awesome their food and drinks are.. and how great the ambiance is.. and how if you live in NY or you're just visiting (like me), you must have dinner here at least once.I can start listing my favorite dishes and cocktails, but I don't think that'll be of much use given that whatever I've tried here, I've liked. the place is always packed, and yes, it's a little pricey.. but in my opinion, worth checking out anyway :)I was quite impressed by Buddakan. My boyfriend took me here for my birthday. Service was top-notch. The ambience is what drives people to this place - the moment you step in, it's like entering an exclusive club: dim lights, eclectic decorations, and a very grand dining hall.We had a private table, which was upstairs - placing us above the endlessly long dining table.We ordered two appetizers: the frog legs and hoisin glazed pork belly. The pork belly was pretty awesome. The skin was fried to a nice crisp and the fat just melted into your mouth. The frog legs were good, but it's not really something I would order again.As for our mains, we had the king crab hot pot and the alaskan cod. The cod was really nicely done - you can really taste the high quality of the fish. I wasn't so fond of the eggplant though. I'm not a big eggplant person, and it just was too mushy for me. The king crab hot pot was really delicious. The broth was super tasty, and the shrimp crackers were very light.All in all a great experience.What you take from this place may depend heavily on your expectations.If you are expecting Chinese food that exceeds that found in Chinatown, you will be disappointed.So then, who will be pleased? Anyone expecting or looking for a venue that is grand in size and decor, with excellent service and a cocktail party-like atmosphere and interesting, but not defying, twists on classic dishes.As expected, prices are high and proportions are small. A friend and I split 3 appetizers and 3 entrées. This is probably good for most people. The only reason we were able to do this was because of an expense account. Otherwise, I would be sure to be magically full off of 1 appetizer and 1 entrée myself.Drinks were strong and delicious. However, I would advise against the "Fever". It is a concoction that includes the likes of tequila and jalapenos. Too much fuego for my taste.The dishes I will recommend are: scallion pancake appetizer, char siu pork, and crispy jumbo shrimp.+1 ambiance+1 service+1 taste+1 presentation-1 bang for buckGlad I came. I probably won't be back unless I got money to burn.The food was really good. Anything you pick will be a delicious choice that you won't regret. When I go to an new restaurant, I am all about the food... but what I really enjoy is nice decor as well. The whole place has so much to look at- it is so modern and sleek. The service here is also really orderly and organized for such a high volume place.I love this place. A friend first introduced me to Buddakan when we were looking for a chill yet not too overcrowded place to go to on a Saturday night in the Meatpacking district. The decor has a polished Asian flair and tends to be very dark and cavernous. Even though the place is large, it emits a feeling of being underground or somewhere removed from the chaos of the city. The menu is great. I love the seafood shumai and the spring rolls. The music is typical Euro modern background music and the crowd is fairly trendy but definitely chill. There is usually always a place to sit in the bar area or you can dine in the main area. My favorite drink hands-down is the specialty drink Fate; a less sweet but really tasty rendition of a hybrid martini. Overall, I can't say one bad thing about this place as it is a true departure from the over-crowded vibe of most Meatpacking locations.Definitely overhyped. I was so looking forward to coming here, and was sorely disappointed. Firstly, the place is EXTREMELY dark. You can hardly see what you're eating, and it kind of feels like you're entering a crypt when you walk down the stairs to your table. A little creepy, like the banquet hall in Disneyland's Haunted Mansion. Foodwise, I did not like the edamame dumplings. The filling was way too soft for me, and I felt like I was eating baby food. Everything else was decent, but nothing spectacular. We ordered the Peking Duck (which was good, but cooked more like a French confit than Chinese duck, which is why I suppose it's fusion cuisine), the sweet and sour pork, the short ribs, 1000-layer tofu (poor choice on my part, but since I love tofu I couldn't resist), and the lobster fried rice. The pork and ribs were probably my favorite dishes. Loved the accent of Asian pear with the short ribs. Didn't get much of a lobster flavor from the fried rice.Despite the darkness, the atmosphere is very hip and trendy, but I think Spice Market's decor is more impressive.There's so much hype about Buddakan--and I'll be the first to admit that I went in thinking, "This better be the best freaking food I've ever had in my life for the kind of money we're spending."  Though I personally wouldn't go back (unless with a party or someone who really wanted to go), the food actually was pretty good.  I really can't complain about the quality of food, though the price and quantity left me mildly disappointed.  I just didn't have the "full and satisfied" feeling that I usually get after eating at a really great restaurant.But overall, the restaurant ambience was great, the food was high quality, and the service was unbeatable.  I just can't say that I was really satisfied and happy as I left the restaurant--which, maybe, it's just not love at first sight.Buddakan is a great place to go for a good night out.  Trendy scene, good food, lively atmosphere.   Food we order time after time:Edamame dumplings - I have to admit, I wasn't the biggest fan at first, but I grew to love these.  For hubby though, it was love at first bite.Vegetable Rice - Yeah, it might sound boring since there's so sausage, crab or lobster, but what choice do you have when someone (the hubby) doesn't eat shellfish.  Even though I ordered this begrudgingly, I really enjoyed it.  That coconut foam is great.Sizzling short rib - very tender and falls off at the touch of your forkGlazed Alaskan Black Cod - turned my hubby who was an all meat-and-potatoes guy into a fish guy...Sugar Snap Peas - the tapioca is cool, but you really can't go wrong with any of the veggiesCocktails are always good too.  My faves are Fate and Charm.  And I'm usually not a dessert person, but always end up getting some dessert and tea at the end.  I feel like the desserts change more than anything else on the menu, but they always have some very aromatic and flavorful teas to choose from.It's fun to come here for a night out since there's always a lively scene at the bar.  It's easiest to get a table or reservations in the summer since everyone heads out of the city.  Holidays, like New Year's Eve, are also good here.  Reserve a table, and enjoy the new year celebration with some champagne but without any hassle.My hubby would give this place 5 stars and choose it if we only had 1 choice for dinner in New York because of the entire experience that it offers.  I also really enjoy this place, but I think that there are better places to get some good food.  Maybe this would rate tops in the trendy Asian fusion category, but I can't quite give it the 5 overall...Take a fantastic space. Add 4- (rather than 5-) star food.Then turn down the lights, turn up the music, and dial the pretence all the way up to 11 (let's all pretend we're at Tao in Vegas!). And drop in a few reminiscent-of-Vegas prices.... you'll get pretty close to Buddakan! If that's your thing, you'll absolutely love it. But you're going to pay for the privilege of - in this yelper's opinion - all the superfluous stuff.I know this sounds ridiculous, but if this food had been served to me in a back alley somewhere in Chinatown with neon lights and ducks hanging in the window (and a price tag to match that imagined decor) I'd be giving this place 5 stars. Instead, for me at least, it's a meh. Won't be going back, but I can understand why some people dig it.4.5 stars but my group of 12 had no complaints after we left so they get a 5 since they were able to make a large group complaint free. Food: I usually hate paying an extra premium for fusion ethnic foods at trendy restaurants when I can have the real thing at a hole in the wall. But in Buddakan's case, they did not disappoint. Everything was well prepared, had great flavor and the portions were fair for their size. The sake selection is a nice bonus too.Ambiance: Beautiful restaurant, especially the large dining room which was super impressive.Service: Very good and the food came out at a nice pace.Price: Obviously more then a hole in the wall Asian place, but compared to other restaurants with an equivalent ambiance and service, Buddakan is fair if not a good deal.Overall: You aren't coming for the food, you're coming for the atmosphere and environment. Luckily in this case, unlike other similar restaurants, the food is good enough to make you happy when you leave.DAMAGE CONTROL has to be the stand out factor of Buddakan...but more about that later.I was very excited to come to this swanky spot for my friend's birthday. Drinks were really good, my favorite was the "Lush" with Sake, Gin, Lychee and Rosemary. Drinks were followed by everyone ordering about 2 plates each for the table.  I foolishly did not try the Edamame Dumplings but I hear they were superb.  I loved the Tuna Tartar Spring Rolls and the Deviled Tuna Tartar with Chili Mayo (delicious layer of fresh bright tuna over avocado with a long slide of chili mayo down the plate, so good!)  I was told to order the Calamari Salad which was good but underwhelming (basically fried calamari over greens with apples and cashews and a basic light dressing). Will return more prepared to order outside the appetizer menu and go with the famous recommendations they're known for. As dinner was finishing nicely...the roach came...Yes only the second cockroach I have ever seen in NYC came crawling down the long wood table at the center of the downstairs dining room. Gasps and screams were immediately followed by one of the staff members "taking care" of the critter and all was well.This ordeal was followed by bottles of Veuve for our whole party and then every single dessert on the menu....(I think in hopes of me not mentioning this on Yelp but how the staff handled the situation should be commended).  Supposedly, this has never happened there and I do believe that.  I must say one little roach AFTER dinner was worth the tradeoff of getting to try every dessert on the menu (each also came with a candle for the b-day girl). Best dessert: Almond Bread Pudding...pure heaven.The net-net: will definitely come back, but most likely only for another special occasion.Deceptively large place once you step inside! Great place for dinner & drinks with a couple friends -- super trendy and posh**Food:-- Asian fusion served family style, similar to Straits in SF or ATL-- A good deal of healthy options available (brown rice, grilled chicken breast)**Service-- Each dish comes out 1 at a time-- Waiter wasnt too friendly, but food made up for itPortions were huge so order on the smaller side, go if you're looking for a bite with a couple friends, but probably not for a date or something intimate.Gorgeous gorgeous ambiance.  Very romantic, very trendy.  Lots of big staircases and chandeliers and dark corners.  Good service.  Great place to take someone you are trying to bed or impress.BUT (big BUT), I came here with the expectation that I would love it as much as the Philly Buddakan... Unfortunately, this was not the case.  While I do think the NYC restaurant itself is much more stunning, the food fell short.  The menu is quite different (no miso black cod!), and unfortunately what we tried was just not up to par.  I honestly don't remember what I got; obviously not that memorable.Update: Recently dined here again, and after almost 2 years....this place still kicks ass. Best deviled tuna tar-tar I've EVER had in my life.MMMMMmmmmmBesides hearing that Buddakan was in Sex and the City, it has been on my list of to-go places also. My old company had invited me to their holiday party and to my surprise they chose Buddakan. I couldn't pass up this chance at all.The food was absolutely amazing, from appetizers to entree to dessert, everything was pretty much spot on. My favorites were among the regular spring rolls, tuna tartare spring roll, beef lettuce cup, rock shrimp and gyoza. I also had their infamous edamame dumpling, which didn't please me at all. It felt really mushy and flavorless, but it does look pretty.For entrees, it was buffet style with sesame cold udon, fried rice (amazing), lemon chicken (extremely tender and well seasoned), pan-seared scallops (favorite of the night), lamb chops, filet mignon (the sauce was impeccable). Everything tasted excellent and the service was superb. Buddakan is a great place for events, whether it's a small group or a large corporate company. Suggest this spot and you won't be disappointed with their food.We met friends for dinner at Buddakan and all of us really enjoyed the food and the ambience.  The music a little loud, which is kind of annoying when you are trying to have a conversation - which I would think most people want to do at dinner.  I don't know why restaurants do not understand this.We split about 8 dishes total - 4 apps and 3 entrees plus a dessert.  The portions are not very big, but they were sufficient.  My favorites were the shrimp and lobster chow fun, the crab sticky rice and the dumplings.  The lobster egg rolls  were ok - you can't really taste the lobster though.  The chili rock shrimp were very good - nice and spicy.  We had the crying chocolate for dessert - pretty yummy but standard chocolate lava cake.Overall I would go back, but next time definitely want to sit in the main dining room.The first time I came here, I was on my first visit to NY, and treated by a company. As a wide-eyed and bushy-tailed 19 yr old, I thought I had died and gone to heaven. A couple years later, I moved to NY and I've brought several friends to dine here. It's a perfect restaurant to treat out-of-towners to a nice dinner. Very New York, and the interior is huge. The iconic large dining table 9which I personally try to avoid sitting at) at the base of the restaurant is featured in the first Sex and the City movie.i would recommend the edemame dumplings, crusted lamb chops, lobster fried rice, and tuna tartar. The cocktails are also very well made. Desserts are on the average side. You generally can't go wrong with anything on the menu.The space here is gorgeous and much larger than you'd expect and the food while delicious, it's very, very, very expensive. We made reservations a couple weeks in advance so we didn't have any issues getting a table.  We had a number of dishes and the the stand outs were:- edamame dumplings - scallion pancakes that were topped with braised short rib (a bit on the greasy side but the pancakes are pan fried so it's expected)- dungeness crab sticky rice - you will find large pieces of crab in it, rice is flavourful - cauliflower stir fry - I don't have cauliflower often so this was a great surprise.  Tasty and well cooked (not mushy). Service was fantastic and the waitress was helpful in going through the menu and answering any questions we had about it.Buddakan offers a high-end Chinese dining experience.  At a special place like this, I usually stick to the something I've tried before and not to branch out to other items on the menu.  However, I haven't had one dish that I haven't like at Buddakan.  So far, everything is very impressive. It's hard to rank which items on the menu are my favorites, since they're all good.  Here are a few suggestions: Adameme Dumplings (amazing, never tried anything else like it), Chili Rock Shrimp, Dungeness Crab Sticky Rice, Asian Green Stir Fry, Sizzling Short Rib, and Singapore Chili King Crab.This place gets five stars for making eggplant taste like mushrooms.  No seriously, we tried the alaskan glazed cod, which tasted amazing and was cooked perfectly, and came with little piles of... eggplant... on the side.  Both my girlfriend and I hate eggplant, but both of us were completely fooled into thinking they were shittakes for a good ten minutes.  Now that takes talent.We also really enjoyed the scallion pancakes (which had apple in it!), the black bean silken tofu, and the sizzling short rib.  The prices are a bit steep, but totally worth it.Came out here for a friend's birthday and loved it. The ambiance is great and would actually be perfect for a date (which would probably be the only reason I'd come back out here again as it is a pretty expensive meal...)Anyways, my three favorites were the....Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly - Cooked perfectly! great starter to our mealGlazed Black Cod: The fish was so soft it actually would melt in your mouth, also AMAZING. Definitely my favorite entree of the dayEdamame Dumplings - I'll be the first to say, I had my doubts since I'm a total meat eater and would normally never order something that didn't have some sort of animal in it... but I'm glad my friend put an order for this in. This thing was just absolutely awesome and it was so light it makes a perfect appetizer. Must try if you come out hereFirst off - to all women.  SLEAZEBAG alert at the bar.  When a guy tells me he is going to slip something into my drink so that I will actually talk to him and then hands me a drink - and I almost go to slap him - until my colleague shows up to save me - this is the start to a baaad night.Take it as a warning - watch your drinks at that bar as I am sure that creep would do such a thing and he said he frequents the place.That aside- the food I would say gets a 2-3 star rating and the atmosphere of the downstairs dining area is great, so 4-5 there.  Also nice service from our waitress.We all did the $75 tasting menu.  Every single dish to me was pretty underwhelming.   It reminded me of Tao.  The best dish - the scallops - cooked perfectly.  The fried rice was also good and edamame dumplings - different/pretty good, along with the asparagus.The pork belly was a let down as were the cod and chicken dishes.  Not bad.. just nothing great.Seriously you get SO much food served family style with the tasting menu you will be too full by the time dessert comes out.    The only one I tried was the bread pudding (perhaps it was almond, not sure), which was pretty good.So really I can't say anything was bad here but for the price the quality could have been better.Overall 3 or 3.5 stars - good/fun to try once, but once only.Took the boyfriend here for his birthday.The atmosphere is super elegant, dimly lit, and nicely spaced out (although it gets crowded, it's not claustrophobic). We first were led into the bar area, where we had a couple drinks - a bourbon based one and I had one with elderflower liquor. We were then led to our table. We ordered the following:Appetizers:Pork Belly - these were absolutely delicious. The spicy cole slaw that accompanied the pork belly slices definitely had a zing to it, but it was del-lish and I wouldn't have perferred it any other way. Scallion Pancakes - these were covered in braised short ribs and green apple. I felt as if the dish was a little salty, and we were both disappointed there weren't actually more pancake. Entrees:Soft Shell Crab - cooked well. However, there were a lot of sauces on the plate under the crab...it seemed a little confusing. I caught bits of random spice and random sweet. Also, the presentation seemed a little disheveled.Charred beef filet - cooked amazingly and came with a beurre blanc type sauce + vegetable chips (lotus root, sweet potato, taro) that were delicious. My boyfriend was able to bite into the beef without slicing it - it was that tender. Side dish: Crab sticky rice - I love sticky rice, but it was just okay. A little greasy and not that special. Overall, the service was spectacular and one of the biggest reasons this restaurant is getting 4 stars. The food itself had its ups and downs. I felt like there were a coupe home runs and the rest was just OK. Would come again to bring an out of town friend just because it's a fun neighborhood (next to/in Chelsea Market).Amazing NYC type of restaurant. Food and service worth every dollar you spend here. You should walk around different rooms and they are so beautiful.This place is in my top 5 restaurants of all time. Flavors are balanced and complex. Must get edamame dumplings, asparagus,  charred filet of beef, and vegetable rice with coconut foam. Roll your eyes back ah-mazing!I'm originally from las vegas, so it's extremely reminiscent of Tao. Especially in size. The lounge exudes sexy low red lighting, pefect vibe for a rendezvous- until you realize the cocktail servers could really care less about you. Actually this would be the perfect place for a couple who only has eyes for eachother and who won't be distracted by the vast amount this Restaurant/ Bar is lacking. The drinks were sub par and mildly unique. They offer bottle service, but I couldn't imagine anyone ordering anything other than a bottle of champagne. This isn't a nightclub, and if you want to pick someone up, you might have a chance at the bar. Lots of out of towners- I'm sure the food isn't bad, but I think I got my fill. I wouldn't return unless someone else insisted- even then I would probably suggest somewhere else...The massive 10,000 sq ft space is beautiful and serves up delicious dishes, too.  My husband and I went with another couple and had an amazing experience.  The waiter was very helpful and willing to guide us through the menu and offer suggestions.  Everything we selected was prepared and presented perfectly.  The cocktails are pretty pricey, but that's to be expected.  My only complaint they need additional women's restrooms upstairs.Had dinner here on Sat night for a friend's bachelorette party. Got off to a bad start b/c my friends were all late so they gave up our table. So wound up not getting seated til an hour after our original reservation time.Decor was very nice, but sooo dark. Food was excellent, but portions were TINY (esp for the prices charged. Pricing was similar to Tao, but when I eat @Tao, I'm always stuffed)! We all ordered a bunch of dishes & shared (there were 5 of us), but I left still hungry.We ordered:- Bottle of Prosecco- Edamame Dumplings (soooo delicious, buttery & tasted like green mashed potatoes in dumpling form)- Beef Lettuce Cups- Spicy Crab Claws- Wild Mushroom Chow Fun- Shrimp & Lobster Chow Fun- Charred Filet of Beef- Crying Chocolate- Dark Chocolate Souffle CakeService was awesome, our server was so nice & helpful. We were seated at a table behind the big one in the "Sex and the City" movie (Carrie & Big's rehearsal dinner).Very nice but they need to give you more food for the money you pay!I came here with two friends per recommendation of Nancy D. The restaurant was also very gracious in changing our reservations; my cousin and her fiancee were to join us but canceled at the last minute, in addition to my other friend, so the party went from 6 to 3!The entrance is a sleek black door on the corner, and walking in is beautiful. I loved the swanky and classy lounge decor and even spotted the GORGEOUS main dining room downstairs on the way to our table. Everything is lit very well and it feels like I'm on a very sexy date (except I'm here with two girlfriends, damn, if only the BF were here) I love how everything is colorful against a black matte finish. We were seated on the entry level in the back, through some uniquely shaped doorways and into a red-themed room. We got there a little early but the place quickly filled up with both tourists and chic locals. Our server was a little pushy in trying to get us to order everything on the menu, but we stuck with the Chili Rock Shrimp, General Tso's Dumplings, and the Steamed Sea Bass Roll, the latter of which was my favorite - so tender, so sweet, so yummy. The Chili Rock Shrimp also have a crispiness to them that is flavorful and unique. I also ordered the "Fate" cocktail and I loved how frothy it was - it was also pretty strong but complemented my meal very well. I am also a giant sucker for pineapple! My friend got the Charm but it was a little too fruity for me.For entrees we ordered the Szechuan Crusted NY Ribeye, the Sizzling Short Rib, and the Shrimp and Lobster Chow Fun (my order).  Out of all of our orders, my favorite was the Sizzling Short Rib. That was so juicy and it almost melted in my mouth the way Kobe beef does. Don't get me wrong, I LOVED my Shrimp and Lobster Chow Fun; the seafood was cooked very well, the noodles were tender and not soggy, and there were some super-juicy tomatoes thrown in, but that Short Rib hit the spot. I wanted to steal my friend's plate and eat it, even if it was in front of her! (just kidding, but I did fantasize about it)Dessert was my favorite part. I ordered the Chocolate Mille Feuille, and my two friends ordered the Crying Chocolate and the Coconut Creme Brulee. The Chocolate Mille Feuille is creative and executed well. I ordered this simply because it came with an avocado anglaise and I absolutely did NOT expect it to go well with bruleed bananas and chocolate ganache but it DID! It was absolutely delicious. The spiced chocolate ice cream was a little hard on the taste buds but for some reason I kept mixing it with the avocado and it tasted better! The Crying Chocolate is like any other flourless chocolate cake but it was executed beautifully on the plate and was still delicious. I loved the lemongrass ice cream that came with the Coconut Creme Brulee - also well executed because coconut is a flavor that can go so bad so quick.  I was impressed and loved that dish, too.Overall, Buddakan is a great place to have dinner in the West Village; I loved the atmosphere, the food, the service, and everything in between. I hope this place can keep re-inventing itself because I plan on coming back; I hope to see some even more delicious choices on the menu.We staggered over to Buddakan (because the place my friends really wanted to go to at the Jane hotel had a private party. BOO). I have a general distaste for places in the MPD, but Buddakan was GOOD.  The whole restaurant section was empty but the lounge side was pumping with some of the best house and buddha bar music I've heard.  The place wasn't crowded but still full enough to be "sceney" Everyone there seemed to be having a great time, and there were definitely lots of people *looking to* have a great time.Rahul enjoying Buddakan = Rahul getting even more drunk.When we were leaving, one of my buddies FINALLY showed up after tying up some familial obligations.  I was so happy at his arrival that I gave him a tight, bear hug. We celebrated (his arrival I guess) by getting high in his car and driving around a few blocks. NEXT STOP: Gaslight. NOT MY IDEA. I was way beyond idea generation.It's alright.I'm a sucker for the environment.  It was a very dark and mysterious place that widened my pupils, gave me a happy tingle in my stomach, and made me feel like the smoothest s.o.b. who was about to throw down some serious cash in genghis khan's new york loft.  The art, lighting, furniture, structure, everything in the joint was incredible and beautiful.  I was really hoping that the food was as magic as the space between the restaurant's walls.I raised my first eyebrow after I had requested a plate of spring rolls with chicken only.  (The only spring rolls on the menu have a chicken/seafood mixture).  He said he couldn't do that, because the chicken and seafood was pre-mixed.  Naturally, we asked for only vegetable spring rolls instead.  He said he couldn't do that either because everything was already pre-frozen.  I thought to myself why a place that seemed so classy wasn't using fresh ingredients.  I raised my second eyebrow.After my eyebrows got tired, I put them down and chose something else out of complete forgiveness and faith.We ordered some stir fry vegetables, beef, chicken and rice.  Everything was prepared beautifully, but everything tasted so bland and mediocre.  The beef was in need of some serious flavor.  The chicken was flavorful, but not anything out of the ordinary.  The vegetables were vegetables, and the rice never came to our table.We spent about $100 for two, and I'm happy we gave it a try.  Despite the food, I enjoyed a romantic evening with my wife.If I ever came back, I would prefer to hang out in the bar lounge and have drinks there instead of dinner.  Sorry Sex and the City movie fans if I ruined your girls night out.I fear my opinion of this place is biased, as it didn't live up to the hype around this so-called "amazing restaurant" and its attention from being featured in SATC. If your going to be that big and famous, you best live up to it! Buddakan was a slight miss. The ambiance is fun, the atmosphere is grand and modern, but the charm stops there. I was put off by the fact that we arrived for reservations on time and the table wasn't yet ready, so we were pushed off to the bar. Luckily it was only a 10 minute wait (just enough to order a pricey cocktail and be seated). Out with cousins, we order several items on the menu and shared all around - well done, tasty and unique creations at times, but having this reputation to live up to, I felt unsatisfied after it was all said and done. Is it sad that my favorite part of the meal was the drinks? The waitstaff was kind, but somewhat sparse the entire night, only conveniently showing up when you needed to order more drinks. ... I guess its hard to live up to a reputation like the one Buddakan has, and with that said, I am glad to have experienced it myself but that is likely to be the only time I will ever be at Buddakan. Was it good? Yes. Was it great? No. Would I go back? Unlikely. There are better restaurants and experience out there to be had.Yeah it's trendy, but I still wanted to go!A friend of mine took me here for my birthday, and whoa. First, we had reservations and were seated right away down the in the library room. The walk there was kind of amazing. I was in awe as we descended the staircase. As another reviewer mentioned, you are definitely paying for the ambiance as well as being seen here, just as much as for the food. We were seated in The Library, a room on the lower level just off the of the "Sex and the City room." We both had a specialty cocktail that were just perfect. Bubbly, not too sweet, but very tasty. I started with the edamame dumplings and they were... gross by my standards, but everyone seems to love them, so I definitely think it's a texture thing. If you don't like extremely mushy dumplings, you won't like these. My friend had the General Tso's dumplings and loved them. I was actually really jealous but couldn't trade her because of her allergy to edamame/peas/etc. For our main entree we shared the Lobster fried rice (served family style) and the hanger steak (this has since been removed from their menu). The fried rice was amazing. It was greasy but had tons of lobster flavor. I think we both shed a few tears when we couldn't finish it all. The hanger steak was phenomenal so I'm a little puzzled as to why it is no longer on the menu. Delicate slices of steak, cooked medium rare, were just delicious. We did not leave one bite of this on the plate. Priorities, priorities. By the time we left (9ish) the upstairs was super crowded and loud.  I wouldn't come here just for drinks in their lobby/lounge area, but if you can snag a table downstairs it's well worth it.Absolutely love this place! I love the way it is designed inside, very modern upstairs and around the restaurant down stairs while the room with the big table down stairs looks more traditional/Victorian looking. I have tried several dishes here: mushroom and sugar pea dumplings, vegetable dumplings (they are shaped like carrots) wild mushroom chow fun, Asian green stir fry, sugar snap peas, and the black bean silken tofu. The chow fun I asked to be made vegan. The tofu is simply amazing. It has like a ginger-sweet like sauce with squash, mushrooms, peppers, and tofu. I always get it! The vegetable dumplings are also amazing. They are not heavy because the wrapping around then is very thin. They are steamed and come with a sauce on the side. I can honestly say I enjoy everything I get here. The only one that was anything special was the Asian green stir fry. The staff is always so attentive and when I tell them I am vegan they are very helpful with picking out dishes I can have. The only time I had a problem was when I asked for soy milk on the side for my tea and they said they only have almond milk so they brought it but it didn't smell like almond milk and after several times of asking I found out it was regular milk. As for drinks, I like their 'Fever' drink which is a jalapeño - pomegranate drunk. As for desserts, I wish they had vegan options!It's like I'm in some 90's style Janet Jackson video. The decor is total eye candy with a labyrinth of rooms to entertain you.We had dinner there on a Sunday night when it wasn't too crowded and we sat in the "library" which reminded me a little of the Hudson Hotel's bar because of the way the place glowed.The edamame dumplings with truffles were fantastic and I also really enjoyed the vegetable fried rice. The food in general was fun to share and pretty to look at. And the prices made getting a bunch of appetizers to share totally affordable.More than anything though, it's a great see and be seen sort of place. There's a fantastic communal table at the bottom of the stairs.... If you go there, you'll see what I mean.Housed in a big cavernous building that was once a cookie factory, this restaurant is a dramatic, (though somewhat stark) eatery in Chelsea.  The dark, unassuming grey entrance outside opens into a gigantic bi-level restaurant inside and definitely has a 'design hotel' ambiance.  Two greeters welcome you as you enter a whole team of hostesses stand behind the lobby reception-style desk to check you in for your reservation.  If possible, get your table downstairs where you'll see soaring ceilings, immense chandeliers and big murals of Adam and Eve by the bathroom.The food is Asian Fusion, with a few traditional dishes like the Peking duck.  I loved the Pork Belly appetizer and tuna spring rolls.  My date had the deviled tuna tartare, which was excellent.  It was spiced and dressed tuna with capers on top of egg salad.  Not the usual, but very very good. My entrée was the ginger crusted Mongolian Lamb which was perfectly cooked and highly recommended.  I had the blueberry butter cake for dessert which was substantial, and should definitely be shared.  The cake was warm and went really well with the corn ice cream.  They have some nice cocktails, and I enjoyed the 'Fate' (as in I like to leave my dining future to...) It was the perfect summer cocktail with pineapple juice, elderflower and prosecco.  Service is spot-on, the staff knows what they like and are happy to describe their favorites.Just as I had promised myself, I dined at Buddakan for my next trip to NYC, and boy was I glad that I followed through with it!I hadn't booked well-in-advance reservations since we were dining on a Sunday evening, but I'd highly recommend it since they ended up being booked until 9:45! Luckily, they have a bunch of tables in their lounge area, even a few community tables, where we could still dine at.Dinner was just as I predicted, a meal that definitely didn't disappoint. We ordered...-Minced Pork Lo Mein w/ pickled cucumbers & thai chili: The minced pork was a nice touch! -Sweet & Sour Chicken: I envisioned the typical mound of deep-fried chicken pieces, swimming in a red glaze, but Buddakan presented a different take on it that I took quite the liking to- slices of chicken breast with a crispy outer layer and a tangy glaze drizzled on top. Yum!-Vegetable Rice w/ coconut curry foam: So good, it was practically the highlight! Not only did I learn something new about Buddakan- that they serve up some tasty dishes, but I also picked up on a few additional details that make this place a true gem. For instance, their definite strength is their friendly service. Staffed w/ a door greeter and a handful of organized hostesses at a sprawling front desk, you couldn't possibly be overlooked. Another little nuance? A hint of BRICK in their bathroom stalls. It may sound like a mundane detail to others, but I love the little signature NYC touch.Overall, coming here was a good/bad idea. Good because it's breathtaking in every way. And bad because it'll hinder me from trying new restaurants in NYC!This may have been my first real "fusion" experience.  Most fusion places offer Asian dishes with a European price tag.  Buddakan actually delivers an interesting twist to their dishes.We started with the Tuna Spring Roll which was tuna tartare in an eggroll crust.  It was my favorite appetizer.  Also had the Scallion Pancakes and Edamame Dumplings which were both good/ok.  I would recommend getting the Charred Filet of Beef and the lobster noodles.  The beef was a little dry, but very tender and flavorful.Awesome place. Very very very cool. I could sit in the bar section for the rest of my life and just drink. The decor and feel of the place are sophisticated and edgy. When you're inside Buddakan you almost feel like you're on the set of some New York movie. I really enjoyed the whole feel of the place. The food was ok. I wasn't blown away. Some was great, other things were odd. The pork belly was almost gross. But other than that everything was fine. Give it a shot!Great vegetarian food, especially the carrot dumplings!Everything was amazing, from the atmosphere to the food and great service. love, loveThis is one of those places you are either into or your not, because it feels like a Vegas mega-restaurant.  I'm not into that scene, so there is my warning. Black cod was great, should have ordered 2 for myself.  Don't get fooled by the elaborate description of the lollipop appetizer.  It tastes like Vietnamese hush-puppies on a popsicle stick.   Unless that is what you are looking for.This is a fav of mine in NYC.  The lounge is set up fantastically in the front of the restaurant with a great feel and ultra-cool decor.  So, good place to get your pre-dinner groove on.  Then, moving onto the next step, the dining room is impressive. The largest dining room looks like some huge elaborate main dining room from an ancient Viking palace...lots of wood, big chandeliers, three stories tall, large communal table.  Even if you dont get a seat in the main dining room, wherever you are you will find a great menu of unique cuisine. Then...you have all of Meat Packing district to explore after dinner.  A great place.It is very rare that I deduct a star for a restaurant as good as Buddakan; however, it is worth noting that the food here is mega rich. We had to wrap up more than half our meal.Food reviews:Edamame dumplings: The edamame paste was so unbelievably dense and creamy that I assumed foie gras had been mixed into it. Don't try to eat it in one bite, no matter how small it looks! Interesting flavor, but I wasn't crazy about them.Sizzling short ribs: MEAT. No sauce. Very hearty and flavorful. Huge hunk of meat. This dish also comes with very delicious udon noodles.Scallion Pancakes: My FAVORITE PART OF THE MEAL. Delicious and tender beef atop a flaky flapjack. Order it!King Crab Hot Pot: Really fresh crab, tender and delicious. You add a mix of herbs and rice, and let is steep for a few moments before eating.Creme brulee: Yummy, with a beautiful caramelized crust (as it should be!) I was not a huge fan of the ginger sauce, but luckily, it came on the side and I was able to avoid blending it with the ice cream.Chocolate mille feuille: I was expecting delicious chocolate here: not what I got. The chocolate sponge cake is totally flavorless and relies on a heavier chocolate mousse for taste. The avocado is just that: avocado mixed with a bit of butter and squeezed from a bottle into thin lines. Not great, and kind of kitschy to rely on that kind of novelty.DRINKS:Order the "Fate" cocktail! A mix of elderberry, pineapple juice, and prosecco, this was one of the most awesome drinks I've ever tasted. Two of them were enough to make me blissful.Visit Buddakan, but don't let your eyes swell larger than your stomach :-)When I heard that we were going to a place called Buddakan,  I thought this sounds like some kind of hookah bar/brothel. Add the fact that I was going there for a client dinner..... Well, either way, I knew this place had to be a fun and 'only in NY' experience. And, it totally lived up to its name. The vibe is young, vibrant, and dare I say edgy. The styling and decorations really don't match any one theme - think grandma's trinkets meets modern meets cathedral. Though nothing made sense together, it works and puts everyone in the right mindset - stuff your face and have a good time. The food was very good. We literally had every single dish on the menu from apps to entree and side dishes to dessert. Needless to say I feel utterly disgusting right now from all that food, but in the best possible sense of course. Favs that stood out were the edamame dumplings, Lobster egg rolls and Beef with lettuce. The desserts .... the spicy chocolate gelato was purely orgasmic....... I want a pint right now! It was Damn Gooooood! They also had a very interesting selection of teas. The one I had had hints of cocoa and almonds. By far, the most interesting and delicious tea i've had (though I'm not very adventurous where tea is concerned. The dress of the crowd was interesting. Though I see some reviewers mention dressing up, I saw people in all kinds of outfits - from club rat to touristy to businessy. I can't wait to come back. This place is perfect for a chill night with friends or a birthday dinner. YUM YUM YUMP.S. Can't speak for the prices since I was on company dime, so I can only give this four stars for now. I'll have to go back to see if I can go for the fifth starIf just for the grand opening when you walk down the stairs to the main dining area, you will fall in love. I will always have to stop by here when I'm in town.The only reason I didn't give this a 5 star rating was because the food wasn't as spectacular as I thought it would be.The atmosphere was awesome. What a beautiful decor!However, for what we paid for our meal it wasn't all that awesome in my opinion.Never ate here, but I must say, I am a fan of their cocktails. I must have tried about 4 different ones and they were all good. This place is huge, has several bars through the restaurant that you can sit at as well.OMG! This is probably one of the best restaurants I have been to in NYC and by far the best culinary NYC experience! I highly highly recommend it. Such a beautiful restaurant. And we were very lucky to have this really nice, cute and patient guy serving us, I think his name is Fred!  Make sure to ask for a table in his section. Don't forget to  try the edamame dumplings, the short ribs pancakes, the tuna tartar egg-rolls and the vegetable rice!It was my first time dining at Buddakan, and I was quite impressed with the whole experience. First of all, I'm allergic to gluten.  (We're not talking fad "allergic;" we're talking sick-for-days allergic to wheat and its grainy cousins.)  Our server, Corey, did an awesome job of guiding me through what was/wasn't safe for me to eat on the family-style tasting menu (Tasting Menu 2).  In cases where the tasting menu items weren't going to work, he offered up great gluten free alternatives that were absolutely delicious, like the Spicy Yellowtail Yu Sheng: paper thin slices of some of the best yellowfin I've ever tasted with just a hint of pineapple and sweet chili.Other big winners of the evening were the lobster fried rice, which had big, buttery chunks of lobster, and the Sweet & Crunchy Jumbo Shrimp, which completely lived up to their name.The atmosphere is chic and trendy, but not stuffy.  The decor is oddly elegant in a gothic castle-meets-ancient Buddhist temple kind of way; massive chandeliers and wax-covered candelabras commingle with abstract wood-cut dividers and Asian accents.All in all, the tasty food, unique atmosphere, and great, attentive service made it a memorable evening.  I plan to be back for seconds.Fantastic experience all around. Lovely drinks, lots of choices, helpful and friendly service, and delicious dishes await. The restaurant is much larger than I expected, and very dark inside. There are so many enticing menu items and I am sure that they are all amazing. But make sure you try those edamame dumplings - they are heavenly. You can really mix it up here and try a lot so make sure you go with people who like a diverse range of food so you can take advantage of the selection. Save room for dessert - there are many! I was impressed by the carrot cake - not my usual dessert choice but so glad I tried it.AMAZING! The only word to describe Buddakan. Especially after looking at the bill $$$$. Worth every penny though. I guess I would have to say that some meals are worth paying for and some are not. This one definitely was. Ok, so not every dish was sensational, meat cups... but the service was impeccable. The food was full of flavor. Highlights:fried rice, lobster egg roll, lamb chops, meat with butter sauce (that I poured on everything...) Great place for a group or a date! Atmosphere is super dramatic and impressive. Only good things to say about this place!This place is where to take your out-of-town friends.  The spot is impeccable - from space to service.  The food is also not bad.  I had their House Special Fried Rice that came loaded with lobster, shrimp and scallop.  All for a mere $15 - I didn't even finish half of the bowl.I also had their short rib scallion pancake - it was....just meat on top of a toasted bread.  I won't order that again.I then polished off dinner with the lemon souffle dessert - it was very good.I like how this place serves wine by the glass.  And adore the communal table seating in the bar area.Will definitely be here again!!!!  Great way to beat the summer heat!Best Asian place I went in my life. I give 5-star only to this one and Peter Luger Steakhouse!Excellent excellent food, interior design is great!!! (sex and the city was it?)You have to be dressed classy (because pretty girls are everywhere) and maybe take a small sweat or pull over, because A/C is strong (Summer). Dishes are well designed and service is perfect.A Must !Came here for some tasty dinner with family. I'm definitely not cool enough for this place, serious. When it says "Dressy" it means "Wear your newest dress."The food was fantastic! I had the edamame dumplings, as so many people recommended. They were delicious. Mm so tasty and rich. The rock shrimp or whatever was AMAZING. Spicy buttery hot sauce with some crunch shrimp is a win win for me. The vegetable rice with coconut foam was super yummy to me, but alas my partner in crime was not so fond of it. To each their own.My chicken was yummy. The sweet and sour sauce, it was sweet! and sour! The service was ok, obviously unimpressed with our total lack of cool. Food comes out "family style" for some dishes and personal for others.I HAVE NOT EATEN HERE SO I AM ONLY GIVING A REVIEW ABOUT THE DECOR. if i actually try their food-- which i highly doubt because my sister said it wasnt worth trying-- i will update this review. The atmosphere at the bar was very lively on a Thursday night. They were mostly a lot of older men, in their late twenties early thirties, im guessing. But it wasn't crowded. it was loud, but spacious. Downstairs where the real dining area was was aboslutely gorgeously decorated. In the center it was a longggggg table like the ones you see in victorian movies-- very elegant and sophisticated. On both sides of the end of the table they had more connecting booths which seemed like the "private" party area.  I've only had their drinks, which honestly can't be given a review from me cuz drinks are drinks depending on the bartender. BUT THIS IS A FOOD RELATED REVIEW FROM MY SISTER UNDER MY NAME. according to her, she said the food is yummy but doesn't fill you up. Her and her two other friends each paid about $60 a person but they were all not satisfied. So im guessing the portions are really really tiny.p.s. they have matches. :))Still a fan after 8-9 visits, but the service the other night left something to be desired. We sat at a table in the bar area, which was only sparsely crowded, and sat, and sat, and sat...while a waitress sailed past us several times to attend to other patrons and purposefully avoided eye contact with us. After maybe 20 minutes, when all of our group had arrived and we were getting ready to grumble, another waitress finally came by and brightly tried to make up for what she obviously realized was a gaffe. She was pretty good and attentive overall. We did have a hard time getting her attention toward the end and had to wait a bit for the bill.Also -- a few months ago a friend noticed Buddakan had tacked on an extra $10 on his credit card that was not on his receipt. He called and they immediately removed the extra charge and claimed they'd look into it. I trust this was a rogue waitress and not a habitual thing, but alarming nonetheless. So lesson learned and shared -- save and doublecheck your receipts with your statements, friends!Let me start by saying, I may have been called Cheap looking as soon as I walked in the door by a model, I am still a huge fan!We made reservations and the only time they could seat us was at 11:15pm which worked out just fine for us as we were in the city that never sleeps...Upon arrival, we were escorted to the lounge area but not before being eyed up by the hostess for not being Money or models... meh... we ordered drinks and then waited for our table (only approx 5 minutes). In this time though, a model did proceed to look at me and make the comment to her friend "there are alot of cheaping looking people here tonight!" but that didn't phase me. When the hostess came to get us, we walked into the dining room and you felt as though you were going to a medieval feast in a beautiful hall. The Sex and the City Movie doesn't do this place justice... its fabulous! We sad down and ordered two bottles of delicious wine, followed up with ordering a heck of alot of food.. all sharing plates and we spent minimal. The Food was incredible.. probably the best meal I have ever had...This was memorable place and one that I will return to on my next visit.I just went to Buddakan this past weekend. The food is good! BUT I've had better. I didn't think it was that unique. I don't think it was anything special and I guess they should be more creative on the dishes that they're making.  After our whole meal, my cousin (the birthday girl) said that the dessert was the best part.  So dessert is great at buddakan! lol. Portions are a good amount. My favorite was the taro lollipops and that was just dimsum.The waiter was on top if his game and the service was good. They changed out plates, utensils and wiped the tables. The place is very beautiful but also very crowded. And I think they only have ONE bathroom. A big and beautiful place with just one bathroom, really? There must be something wrong.This place is good for groups and dates! Enjoy the beautiful place and dining.This place was 3 blocks from where we were staying in Manhattan for 2 weeks. We never went there except on our last day.We didn't eat dinner there cause reservations were for 11pm, but we got to sit in the lounge area, have a glass of wine and eat the AMAZING edamame dumplings (with truffle oil). YUM!The dining area is huge... specially the basement community table with the huge chandelier. The music wasn't too loud and it was easy to have a conversation.It's expensive Chinese food, but I like it. The place is gorgeous, especially the chandelier filled room that was in the Sex & the City movie. I have to eat in that room next time. And unlike typical Chinese food places, the service was excellent.We started off with the Edamame Dumplings, which we were told was the most popular appetizer. It was alright. It's creative and I like the use of truffle oil in it, but I thought it was a little dry. Next came the deconstructed pork belly buns. 5 pieces of pork to put into 5 piping hot buns. Garnish with spicy cabbage that's similar to what my grandmother makes at home. The meat was okay.  The hoisin glaze made them better. For my main entree, I had the King Crab Hot Pot. I was a bit worried that eating crab in front of my date would not be pretty, but the chefs were ahead of me on this one.  The crab legs were cut into smaller pieces and split in half so the meat could be easily pulled out. Phew. It's not really a hot pot of broth and stuff floating around. It's thicker like a stew. Nevertheless, it was very flavorful and had a nice kick to it.For dessert, we had the coconut custard cake. Skip this one. It didn't have enough coconut flavors to warrant it's name. There was a small custard cake, a fritter thing, and creamsicle ice cream. I didn't like the combination. It was too tart for a coconut dessert. I think our waiter noticed my distaste and explained that it was a new item. He also took it off our bill. Next time, I have to try the Peking Duck and the taro lollipops.Went here for my birthday and LOVEEDD ITTTT!!! Pricey, but worth it in my opinion. Their menu is very diverse and interesting, you probably will get certain dishes here and no where else. - The Edamame Dumplings- are amazing! But stay away from them if you dont like a salty taste. - The Steamed Sea Bass roll- is melt in your mouth good. -The Kung Pao Monkfish- almost taste like an thai dish with all the peanuts in it. My mouth waters now just by thinking about it...THE DESSERT. - At first when I looked at the dessert menu, I wasn't that impressed. But the family and I got different desserts anyway and were extremely impressed. -Crying Chocolate-  Mini chocolate lava cake with coffee icecream. Pretty good, but I wasn't too enthralled with the coffee icecream, too potent. - Chocolate Black Tea Semifreddo- Had the best presentation, but it's a freak of nature (there is no tea that comes with). Its salt, pepper, and some weird chocolate mound thing. The tastes do not blend well together. It an interesting dessert, but if your not up for an "adventure", don't get it.-Chocolate Peanut Butter Bombe- Is and tastes exactly like it sounds. Its peanut butter icecream, like a giant liquefied Butterfinger.for overall experience... AMAZING.Great service, great food, beautiful restaurantedamame dumplings, tuna spring rolls, chinese sausage rice with egg, sweet & sour chicken ... and the best of all... Crying Chocolate dessert!We chose Buddakan with high expectations to impress some very special friends of ours that were in the city for a long weekend. Upon arriving, we were seated in a brightly lit room with no ambiance whatsoever.  We were moved quickly to an area with a bit more "atmosphere."  I will give credit where it is due - the staff was lovely and accomodating.Once we were seated at our new and improved table, I couldn't help but notice we were crammed in like sardines.  Once the table next to us sat, it truly felt as though we were dining with them.  At that point, the trouble of relocating was not worth it.  We just guzzled our cocktails and got on with enjoying ourselves.The food definitely redeemed Buddakan's reputation.  Can't miss appetizers:  Edemame dumplings in shallot-sauternes broth; Duck Spring Rolls with foie gras & passion fruit dip; Chili Rock Shrimp with toasted ginger and my favorite:  the amazing Scallion Pancakes with braised beef short rib and green apple.  Dinner:  Charred Filet of Beef with wonton crisps and mustard sauce;   Sweet & Sour Chicken with bell peppers, snow peas and tempura; Wild Mushroom Chow Fun with garlic chives and my favorite:  the Dungeness Crab Stick Rice, served in the crab shell with x.o. sauce and Chinese broccoli.Dessert:  You cannot miss the Crying Chocolate with malted white chocolate ganache (which "cried" out of the chocolate cake once you put your fork into it) and coffee ice cream.    The food was very good, it just didn't knock our socks off.  We left feeling as though we had gone to an overdone and trendy Chinese restaurant.  It was a decent dining experience, but I wouldn't rush back there.  Definitely good for a cocktail in an ecelctic and unique atmosphere.I'm no Sex and the City fan but I have heard for years how fun, delicious and scene-y Buddakan is. It's all true! Especially the scene-y part! (You'll also find tourists and groups who want to be a part of the scene!)Though the food was quite good it was not spectacular. The high points for me were definitely the chilled udon noodles with lime sorbet and the yellowtail appetizer as well as the peanut butter bomb dessert. However, where they definitely shined far beyond any other restaurant I've ever been to is the service. From the hostesses to the waiter to the busboys I have never experienced such attentive, professional and genuinely amazing service. Our waiter attended to our party of 7 with professionalism and he was a warm and funny guy as well. In addition, one of us is severely allergic to nuts (but not peanuts) and he went above and beyond necessity by checking every single dish with the kitchen to make sure which ones she could eat or not. When another table's noodles topped with cashews was placed before her (which she could not eat) the waiter apologized and assured her it was meant for someone else. Hers arrived momentarily. He even automatically checked all the desserts before she even asked as well. So, food: pretty good. Atmosphere: great. Service: outstanding. I'd go back. Make sure you're dressed to impress.The Bad- Tasted like normal asian food (jade shrimp dumpling, general tso's dumpling which is like shanghai dumpling)- OverratedThe Good- TARO PUFF LOLLIPOP- Chilli rock shrimp was okay- Dungeness Crab Sticky Rice (tastes awesome)- Crying chocolate was okay- Decor was coolThe Bottomline- You can check it out depending if you eat chinese food a lot. If you are a chinese food eater, don't waste your money here for the same thing. But some of their things are pretty good. Not really worth the trip here though.The decor makes you feel rich. Don't really understand the fusion part though. I got the rib eye and shared the lobster fried rice with my gf. She got some duck wanton soup which did not look appetizing. The steak's flavor was nothing new and what they seem to call fusion there is just you order either an american main dish (steak, chicken, etc.) with an asian side or vise-versa. Back to the steak; it was the most tender steak I have ever had, Literally melted in my mouth. Lobster fried rice was ok.   For dessert we had the crying chocolate dessert. So good it deserves its own paragraph. I mean it was an orgasm in my mouth good. Only problem  was it was SO SMALL! Now that I look back I regret not ordering another one. Recommend this place, but be prepared to spend $$$.Terrific food! Terrific drinks! Loooove it!idk what else to say.  so just go several times and just try everything.  be sure to get the edamame dumplings...  yummm.Great staff, great atmosphere. Well worth trying out.  there's one in atlantic city i tried also, equally yummy but just smaller than the one in nyc.The food is really good. Very interesting and innovative.Try a lot of dishes since portions are not too big and served for sharing.Good place for large groups and company dinners.From the moment I walked in the door to our seating, I was primed to give a five-star review. Everything from then on was fine, but a bit disappointing.Buddakan is undeniably beautiful. I felt cooler - nay - hipper just being there. Beautiful people sipping beautiful drinks in a beautiful space. This is where Carrie and Mr. Big's engagement party was filmed for the SATC movie, and unfortunately, the meal was about as up-and-down as their ensuing marriage. Anyways, the drinks (particularly the named ones - Lush, Fever, Spice) were sufficiently delicious to distract me from our late seating; more than 30 minutes after our reservation. After being guided through the labyrinthine basement, we sat down and watched our waiter recite his "recommendations." One of my pet peeves is when you ask for a personal food recommendation, and get an (admittedly enthusiastic) reading of a prepared script. Regardless, we ordered a ton of food for five people, most was OK. Definitely order the edamame dumplings, and stay far, far away from the disappointing and ridiculously salty vegetables with 1000-layer tofu and the whole peking duck.Finally, Crying Chocolate has to be the strangest name for a dessert I've ever seen. Poor Carrie could have used one when she got ditched at the altar.I'm back!!Still a fan and promise my next visit will be for dinner. Popped in after ABC Kitchen and still needed to feel our belly's. I had the Fate cocktail my friend had the Tranquility then we split the oh so delicious Edaname Dumplings.Wanted to go here ever since I saw it on SATC! It was amaaaazing. I dont remember the food honestly (it was some fried rice, some chicken, and some other stuff) and the dessert was good. The drinks were really good too! The decor's really nice and it's a great place for a special date. Our server was awesome and all in all, I was very happy with my experience here. 4/5 because I was really really hungry and we had to wait a while :( but it was all uphill from there! Bottomline: go here!!!This place is freakin' sexy.Highly recommended for dates you know probably want it and need some liquid encouragement.  Just the right ambiance and pretentiousness to make her not feel cheap.Trendy, cool spot in the meatpacking. Highlights:-creative and tasty cocktails-great music-glazed alaskan black cod--an absolute must, it literally melts in your mouth. -great dessert tooI was there at a dinner meeting with about 50 people.  As such, there was banquet service that was perfectly cordial and responsive, so I really cannot comment on personal service.  What I can comment on was the absolutley delicious food that was fresh, delicious, inventive and beautifully presented.  Our group menu included four items from appetizers, entrees and desert and every single dish was spectacular.I can't wait to go back.Must say that I loved Buddakan from hello.... The decor, the food, the drinks, the vibe.  This is a must try, at least once.  I have yet to ever seat at the long communal table. But I have hung out by the bar and ordered a few tidbits with friends a few times.  I have sat at the top looking down having a quite dinner with family. Honestly, I just love the spot itself. Love the drinks, the menu, the 'everything'.      Now, let me be real about it.Can I get better food in ChinaTown? Yes!Can I get this vibe? NO!!!!The food is great for where it is and what it is.  It is nouveau chinois.  And I love it.  This isn't the totally comfort chinese food that I usually crave.  But if it was, it would be a grimy spot and in china town like Hop Kee and Wo Hop.  This is what Nobu 57 is to sushi for me.  As far as upscale Chinese food, this is top notch.  I highly recommend Buddakan.I have a few fave items that I recommend: the Chili Rock shrimp, dumplings and the Peking duck.Fyi, get dolled up and be ready to see and be seen here.  Great for a romantic dinner, drinks with friends, or a group.great ambience, tasty modern chinese dishes and okay service.A good place to take your out of town guests for a glamous night out in the Meat Packing District.I usually am underwhelmed by these nouveau-Asian places the put western spins on things but Buddakan won me over.  The food actually tastes good, the service is decent, the interior is lovely and the drinks are good too!  You can find better Chinese, Japanese, etc. food for much cheaper in their respective ethnic neighborhoods but the experience here is great.the food was delicious, loved the ambiance, and the service was perfect... I was visiting nyc, it was a wednesday night and was packed, I def will recommend that restaurant!!Buddakan is a really fun place to come. A big, loud restaurant, Buddakan screams style and success. We came here with a group of 8, and everyone had a blast. They have a huge staircase that takes you downstairs where they have additional seating. But the huge staircase means that the ceilings are really high, at least in part of the space, which I love. We all ordered cocktails (tasty!) and lots of dishes to share. The Dim Sum is great! We had the edamame dumplings, jade shrimp dumplings, boneless spare ribs and steamed bass roll. We also shared the tea smoked pepper beef, lobster fried rice, glazed alaskan black cod and sweet and crispy jumbo shrimp. All excellent! A pricey evening, so make it count for special occasions!I have been looking forward to eating at Buddakan since I don't even know when... years! My boyfriend took me for my birthday and it was a great experience. The interior of the restaurant is so cool. A fusion between western and eastern architecture/interior design. We couldn't stop looking at all the details of the decor. We dined in the main dining hall downstairs and it was beautiful.Started off with the Edamame Dumplings. I can see why people either love it or hate it. I loved it because the texture didn't bother me. It was different and refreshing. My boyfriend on the other hand couldn't get over the texture so I ended up eating them all. More for me! We also had the Chili Rock Shrimp which was also delicious! For our entree, we had the sizzling short rib. Tender, moist and flavorful! The mushrooms and chow fun that came along with it (which was a very small amount) were good as well.We are definitely planning to come back to try their duck, pork belly and fish dishes. Also, I can't say enough about their decor. Loved the atmosphere and really enjoyed dining here.Love buddakan been coming here for years the drinks are great and the bread pudding is to die for, and you can't go wrong with the lobster egg rolls or the blackened cod this place is 2 things delicious and beautiful. The service is excellent the wait stagf is polite and attentive, even the dudes walking around in suits and ear pieces are friendly and complimentary. Only qualm is the cocktails leave alot to be desired. If your looking for a great drink I suggest you head to a bar after your meal.this place is great. from the decor, to the service it never disappoints. the monk fish is divine. so delish. i love the scallion pancakes. i love all their signature drinks, and always try something new when i go. the setting is dark and intimate. service is on point. oh and try the pork bun!Superior service, inventive food, great ambiance. Overall, excellent experience. Great date spot.Beautiful decor, impressive lighting and extremely large space. Buddakan has club like feeling. It is great for a groups as the food is for sharing. Food isn't over the top but is well presented. I come here usually for a few a drinks and the Lobster Fried Rice.Dear Buddakan, Oh sweet baby Buddakan - you are so very super hip and no one, not no Body can take that away from you.  And you've got all the cool patrons - I do believe I passed Johnny Knoxville on the way in, did I not?  But why are your edamame dumplings so cold and tasteless?  Why is your duck served room temperature and with heart-burn inducing sauce?  And would it have killed someone to ask me how my meal was?  No dear sweet baby Buddakan, I don't think we'll be seeing each other again.  But thanks for the memory, and I wish you the best of luck dear.The drinks and the appetizers are what I liked best about Buddakan.  I've been lucky to have sampled a good chunk of the menu and can say I wasn't disappointed in anything that I had, but definitely favored the appetizers.  The edamame dumplings?  Light, simple and delicious, I love them.The service, location and the restaurant itself is also great.O Buddakan -I wish there was a tab on yelp to give a .5 credit to a venue cause Buddakan is better than a 3 but not quite a 4. Anywhos i have been hearing about this place for months and promoting it from friends points of view, however it didnt do anything for me. I'm not sure if it was all they hype or what not but this place did nothing really for me. The decor is very nice and very jaw dropping when you first see it. Everyone dies to get into the main dining room where the main performance takes place but honestly the entire restaurant is just beautiful all around. We ate in the main dining, though if we were to sit somewhere else i really liked the feel in the very back room.The crowd is a pretty good mix from one place to the next. You can pick out the classy chicks from the trash that followed in a sanitation truck from the Holland tunnel. In general the people are very good looking, very nice scene, only a few tragic exceptions. This would be a good date place or even better to come with 4-6 friends and sit back with some dishes and sake.We tried the short ribs pancackes, tea chicken, and steak puffs on lettuce. In general nothing at all jumped out to me or gave me any sort of flavor at all in my mouth.  I simply hated the tea chicken and wish we had never ordered it. I keep asking myself 'was the meal bad, or was it the chicken that ruined the entire experience?' I'm not quite sure but the dessert made up for it all. We ordered the peanut butter ice cream with wafer and this was sooo us. We both love peanut butter with a side of chocolate so we immediately went for this dish and were so happy that we did !The price : 2 apps, 1 entree, dessert, and a carafe of sake 89USD for everything.For this type of place it is a steal, you have no reason not to go and just try it out !I would like to go back in bout 2 months when the menu has a nice shake up and try maybe 4-5 dishes, though the 3 we got were so filling !Impressive and striking restaurant.  Good food to match.Thank God it didn't have a large Buddha, like in their Philadelphia restaurant.  Now, I'm not Buddhist, but is it just me or is there a problem by naming a hip restaurant after a religious figure.I mean, what's next?  A restaurant named Jesuskan?  You walk in and beyond the dimly lit lights, past the dark curtains, near the water statue is the Lord Savior our Christ.  I wonder if this is what Buddhist think when they go to these restaurants named after Buddha.So my friend and I were visiting another friend in New York. It's Monday morning and are at the subway station, and we walk past this guy. We are all thinking to ourselves, he looks familiar. Then we realize..it's Dale from Top Chef season 4! We get on the same train as him, and I can't hold it in any longer, so I ask him, "Are you Dale?" He says yes, and shakes our hand. The rest of the conversation is mostly him talking, partially because we were just so star-struck--he was our favorite chef!! Very nice too..the show totally portrayed him as this b*tchy guy, but he's not!Anyway, when he got off the train, he said, it was nice meeting you! And we were like aww..he's so nice! Then we started talking, and we said, why didn't we take a picture with him!? Hey! We should go eat at his restaurant tonight! Okay!So that's how we ended up at Buddakan. The food is expensive and is served in very small portions, but every dish we had was fabulously good. I asked the waiter if Dale could come out and say hi to us, and to mention that it's the girls from the subway. He did! We have a picture with him, and yet again he was very nice and friendly. When I'm no longer a student and I'm making some dough, I will be back.I usually dislike going to trendy restaurants trying to do ethnic, but for Buddakan, I caved.  And I was pleasantly surprised!The trick is to do your research ahead of time and know what you want to order.  Buddakan is supposed to serve family-portioned Chinese fare, so the menu was more extensive than I expected.  But I did read up on it beforehand and already had a couple of items in mind.The other trick is that with the prior point, you can actually have a fairly moderately priced experience.  It's easy to drop over $100 for dinner, but mine came out to a very reasonable $40/person (including tip).- Cantonese spring rolls - you only get 3, but they're really good, especially with the mustard.- Charred filet of beef - Oh. My. God.  The buttery, garlicky soy sauce that goes over the meat is absolutely heavenly.  This was the most expensive and least filling plate we ordered but it was the best thing we got.  We came THIS close to ordering another.  I'd go back just for this.- Mao poe tofu - honestly, this was a little disappointing, probably because I'd read just rave reviews about it on NYT and other places.  It's good and it's very filling, but it was a little too tangy sweet for me.- Crying chocolate dessert - I couldn't talk or listen to anyone while eating this.  It was that good.And of course, the ambience!  How much more freakin' trendy and sceney can you get?  Next time, I'm going to try to get a reservation down in the large room.All in all, I had a lot of fun at Buddakan.  Can't wait to go back!This place is so hip, chic-trendy, and I loved it.  I'm not a local, so I was excited to go to a hip New York restaurant and compare it to LA.  I thought the decor was really chic, and I even liked the fact that we were at a huge King Arthur type table with 3 other parties.  The food was pretty damn good.  The dumplings were probably the best thing on the menu.  The portions are small, and the prices are high, but it was a great experience.  Oh, and apparently a guy from Top Chef is or was the sous-chef here.  Just a random factoid.Let me put forward that the edamame dumplings may be the best appetizer ever. Ditto for the corn. In fact, their dumplings are so damn good that I honestly can't remember the rest of the meal, although I do remember that it was great. They have a good, global wine selection and some tasty cocktails. All of this is  yours if you're willing to pay, but honestly if you're going to Buddakan money isn't really an issue.Oh and besides the Sex in the city reference, Dale from Top Chef works/ed here!I'll start by saying that my one experience here was just at the bar for a couple of drinks.  The drinks were lovely but certainly pricey.  The place is beautiful, the ambiance was lively (it was packed of course) & people watching here was fun; there was plenty of eye candy. *Please Note: I went well before it was featured in Sex in the City so the crowd is likely more touristy. People watching here, I'm betting has a whole new meaning now.* However, getting a drink here can be a mission.  The bar was just as packed and busy as the main dining room.  Considering the price of the drinks & how busy it was I don't think it's worth the battle to get a table to eat here.  I saw many diners enjoying their meals but nothing looked so good (believe me, I was looking) nor were there people making, "Oh" faces so I could easily say, "I'll pass, at least till some of the fame dies down."  However, if someone went through the effort of getting us reservations here, I would indeed give it shot.Came here last sunday for dinner as it was recommended by a friend, never thought that this was the rehearsal resto for the movie sex and the city. Anyway, i guess that's a plus because the ambiance of this place is awesome. The decor and seating for each dining area are really nicely set for it's mood-romantic (dim lights & fancy chandelier). FOOD: our orders were delivered in good time, so the table wasn't too crowded and we absolutely enjoyed everything. We ordered the edamame dumplings since it was mentioned here on yelp several times and we did not regret it, in fact it was delish! Next we ordered the steak and Alaskan cod and crispy crab noodles and string beans. All were very tasty and yesss me and the bf's shoulder was up! we did not have room for dessert.i would love to dine again for my next visit in the city ;)Actual conversation with a friend coming to NY to visit:Adam: I am going to take you guys to Buddakan tonight. It's a delicious Chinese restaurant. I guess it's like Asian fusion, whatever that means.Friend: Is it like P.F. Chang's?Adam: It's P.F. Chang's on steroids.That's pretty much the best way to describe. Anything you order here will be delicious. I generally go with the scallops (I actually received 1 or 2 more in Atlantic City location), but the best item on the menu is the crab (or lobster) rice. I am tempted to order this on its own every time I go.I've also had the shrimp appetizer (amazing), spare ribs appetizer (amazing), pork tenderloin (amazing)....you get my drift.If you're going on a weekend, make a res or expect to eat in the lounge.I ate there twice so far and enjoyed each time. I enjoyed the full long table for reception and the wall size painting behind it and followed by the heavy black screen doors which reminded me of entering some kind of emperor's living quarters in China. And the decore is modern with a touch of medieval feel to it.  Which is kind of unexpected at a Asian place.First time I sat downstairs in one of the comfy boothlike arrangements along the wall.  Second time we sat at the table across from the bar/lounge area.  I have to say the stairs leading down to the dinning area following by the long table in the middle of the room really makes a grand statement. (I went there before the SATC movie but i can see why they had Carrie do her wedding rehersal there, it's the perfect table)The place is great for a date or taking your cousins from out of town for dinner.  Food was i would say 3.5/5.0 stars. It was pretty generic contemporary twist mundane Asian dishes with a couple of good ones.  I kind of equate this place with Tao, so if you order something similar to what you would order at Tao it will taste great. Drinks are fantastic, which is always a plus and why I'm giving it 4 starsI enjoy the decor and the atomesphere very much, although you do have to talk a bit louder to have a decent conversation. But all and all a checklist worthy place for everyone visiting or living in CityNice place with some very special dishes while others not so special or over-spiced. I always recommend getting 1.5 orders of charred beef for every person at the table. In addition get an order of regular fried dumplings and general tso dumplings for every 3 people. Everything else is just "ok or good" enough to try once but why get that when you can have "great and excellent" food that will make you want to come back. I will steer you far away from the fried rice dishes, which are consistently over-salted and actually inedible. Their cocktails are over-priced crap but you come here for the charred beef and dumplings, which you can't get anywhere else. Waiters/waitresses are always very experienced and on the ball trying to make you have a great evening. If there is a problem, they don't become panicky like every typical restaurant, they get confident to make sure you will be satisfied.What more can be said about this spot except to agree with everyone else.  I took a group of out of town folks here for a night to remember, and Buddakan did not let us down. Order meals family style and share with your group for a fun experience and way to try various dishes.   This place was also featured in the Sex and The City Movie for Carrie's rehearsal dinner.Swanky, classy and stylish to say the least! Every dish we ordered was amazing - lamb chops, fried rice, ma poe tofu and dumplings. The decor and atmosphere cant get any better. We were given a very nice table downstairs right next to the long communal dining table so the bar noise didn't bother us much.  The service was awesome and of course Buddakan's alliance with Sex and the City adds charm to the place. I think the price is just perfect for the entire package this place offers. Definitely one of the best restaurants I have been to in New York.I'm not even sure how to start or even what to say about this place.  I'll do my best. First, the location is easy to get to.  When you walk into the restaurant the vibe is fairly cool but at the same time trying too hard.  Its very big and interesting to look at.  The lounge area was very nice.  We had a reservation and was seated about 5 minutes after we arrived.We were walked through the restaurant to the lower level to our table.  As we passed the large communal table the host made a point of explaining that was in the Sex and the City Movie.  That brought my feelings on the restaurant down a notch.  This was after the host kept asking us many questions about how long we have been in NYC and where we were from (we are natives, born and bred).The food was good but really a fancy version of Asian food.  We had the shrimp dumpling apps and the pork dumplings.  Good, nothing great and didn't taste like anything new.Entree was the short ribs with vegetable rice with a weird foam and lo mein.  Again, good but not worth the hype and something I could have gotten at the corner chinese restaurant.  Dessert was some peanut butter ice cream with some caramel thing.  Nothing memorable. Overall, I don't think it is worth it.  If you're looking to for expensive Asian food go to Asia de Cuba, much better and worth the hype.So trendy! Perfect place for a birthday party with a small group (4-6) in a posh ambiance. The edamame purée dumplings are delicious. Must have!Warning: not a lot of food. $65 per head with a bottle of sake.Think this might be one of the few restaurants out there that is actually better than the original. To be clear, I actually love the Buddakan in Philadlphia (not so much the one in AC...), but the one in NYC inches out ahead. The space is the first thing that's noticeably different. While they both have similar decors, the NYC one is just a lot bigger and there are actually separate areas (versus having the entire experience be in one room). Even as a large party, we were able to secure a location that was relatively quiet without renting a private room - pretty sure you can't pull that off in the Philadelphia counterpart. The NYC menu also has a lot more choices than the one in Philly. Think we actually ordered all of the hot appetizers, and they were all strong to quite strong. The favorites of the table were the lollipops, edamame dumplings and the tuna tartar springroll. Consensus was that the appetizers were a better value than many of the entrees, so we would advise ordering more appetizers you would at a typical restaurant and maybe just splitting an entree or two. I can't comment on price since it was on the corporate card, but the prices seemed fair for the quality, location and service. I'd recommend this place for large group outings celebrating special occasions.I'm usually not a big fan of Asian fusion because most places have an identity crisis and are not capable of making dishes as good as their authentic counterparts, BUT I am a big fan of Buddakan.Let's start from the very beginning. I usually HATE waiting to get seated, but considering we got there early, the drinks were delicious, and the other patrons were all good looking, I didn't mind too much. Once I walked in, I was amazed at how large this restaurant was. It could pass as a club. We walked down the stairs to a very open area with a communal table. I guess that's cool if you're into that thing. We were seated in the back room, which I preferred much more.So onto the food. We got the most creative dishes on the menu since one of my friends told us that the more traditional dishes were not up to par with authentic restaurants (as per my original dislike for Asian fusion). Edamame dumplings - was not a fan. I like texture in my food, and this had NONE. I had my hopes up because people called it gyoza. FALSE. Gyoza has a crispy exterior. This did not. The dumpling was steamed and had a thick skin (also another reason why I did not like it). Tuna spring roll - The BEST dish by far. But be warned because they're tiny. It's basically a tube of crispy spring roll skin filled with spicy tuna tartare. I loved the crunch of the spring roll with the fresh tuna and a hint of spice.Chili rock shrimp - Good, but nothing special here. Just fried rock shrimp with a chili sauce. Lobster fried rice - Quite delicious! I even tasted a hint of kewpie mayonnaise, which I like to do at home. It sounds weird, but quite awesome when done right.Dungeness crab sticky rice - I liked this better than the lobster fried rice. It's like the traditional dim sum sticky rice that come in bamboo leaves, but with a spin. Lots of crab and the sticky rice is a bit harder. Great presentation too. The fried rice came in the shell of the crab. Short ribs - mediocre. The short ribs were very tender, but they were over-sauced/too salty. Small cubes of fresh pear provided a good balance to the heaviness of the dish and also gave it texture.Crying chocolate - nothing to write home about. I have a hard time remembering exactly what it even was...Chocolate peanut butter bombe - also had a lot more excitement for this dish than it ended up being. The ice cream was just meh. Overall two thumbs up from me! AND it didn't break the bank. Nice.I went a few years ago and was mesmerized by the excellence of their Black Tea smoked chicken breast.I was definitely looking forward to it when we went, without reservation about a month ago. It was 6PM so the place was virtually empty.The dishes were nice but not over the top. The edamame dumplings were truly incredible but other than that I can't seem to remember exactly what we had. I just remember that my mother loved it, which garners Buddakan an extra star.For that price, I am not sure I will go back.Ate here a WHILE ago but delish! LOVED the restaurant layout (very unique) and the ambience was dark and fit for a pre-going out dinner.This is a great place to order a few dishes and share w/ friends...and to impress lolI have been to Buddakan a number of times over the past few years, regularly when I lived in the area, and I have never been disappointed with it.  Like many locals, I usually take people from out of town or head over when I am looking for a bit of a splurge.  The wow-factor of this place really is the combined theatrical quality of it all.  I completely agree with some other reviewers in that the menu reads like overpriced Chinese, but please stay, order, loosen that grip on your purse strings, and enjoy the delicious food, fun atmosphere, beautiful surroundings, and inventive cocktails.  Enjoy the experience as a whole!  Everything I have ordered at this restaurant has been delicious, from the edamame dumplings, glazed pork belly, tuna, to the salads, the wild mushroom chow fun (Sooooo beautifully earthy and flavorful), vegetable rice with coconut curry foam, kung pao monkfish... I could go on and on.  Nearly all of the cocktails are unique and special, stars in themselves.  This is not a weekly spot, and it probably would disappoint self-proclaimed hard-core NYC foodies (what doesn't?), but I urge you to make a reservation, choose the library or the Buddah room for you and your honey to have a special, intimate but exciting night out and enjoy the opulence of it all from your first cocktail to the last bite of dessert.Completely worth the hype. I am still daydreaming about the edamame dumplings. The sleek exterior is just the beginning. The restaurant is even more beautifully decorated on the inside and is huge! I came with a girlfriend on a whim, and the menu was definitely filling enough for two vegetarians. The edamame dumplings are a MUST! After the restaurant, we went for a nice stroll on the High Line. Evenings like this remind me why I love New York so much :)Went there on my Birthday. The most delicious spring rollsGreat spicy fish with jalapenos and corn (don't remember the kind, but my date had a cod and that was tasty too)Yummy warm chocolate cake, got a burning candle too!Washed down with some sake.Very pleasant ambienceAttentive service5 stars on architecture and decor alone...both indoor and outdoor decor is amazing...feels like you are in Barcelona or some European country. Amazingly high ceilings. Bar and sitting / waiting area is so upbeat and NY meets Europe meets LAish. Definitely not good for walk ins, very crowded, can be a long wait even with reservations. A little loud for convo at dinner if upstairs...room for larger groups downstairs. Dressy casual attire, i.e. ladies, cute shirt, jeans and some hot heels and a jacket depending on weather will suffice...men, ask your ladies what to wear LOL. Edamame and chicken dumplings were yummy, boneless ribs, lobster fried rice, mixed greens, also very tasty...kinda like a tappas feel though, so if super hungry, order  lot but don't be mad when you get the pricey bill!After reading all the reviews on YELP, i had high expectations of this place...but somehow it didnt really live up to what i "was" really expecting..nonetheless our girls night out was fun and we had a good time and it was a good dinner.After checking in at the front, we were told to wait for a couple mins before our table is ready....so to start off the night we ordered the Charm cocktail....which was delicious! And within seconds..we were told our table was ready...The atmosphere was dark and mysterious...definitely a good spot to take someone on a date. After getting settled, my girlfriend and I looked through the menu and decided to ordered their famous Edamame Dumplings, Spicy Yellowtai Yu Sheng, Hoisen Pork Belly, Mushroom & Sugar Snap Siu Mei, Lobster Fried Rice and something tofu...and the Crying Chocolate to end the night.Edamame - Sorry Yelpers....it was bleh and not as great as everyone has saidSpicy Yellowtail Yu Sheng - was ok....nothing surprising...Hoisen Pork Belly - Super yummy and tender! love it!Mushroom & Sugar Snap Siu Mei - It was ok as well...my girlfriend wasnt too thrilled about it...Lobster Fried Rice - This was so yummy...i finished it and still wanted more!!!!Crying chocolate - Came in a pretty layout. The hot fudge and the cappucino ice cream......super duper yummy!Service was pretty good - Our waiter, whom we had no idea what his name is, because he never introduced himself.....but he was still helpful with recommending items on the menu for my girlfriend...and he went out of his way to accommodate alot of the things we didnt eat! DOWNFALL: After we finished our small dishes...we waited quite sometime for our last 2 dishes which was the fried rice and some other thing which i forgot the name...instead of making sure the food gets there on time, they kept asking if we wanted anything else...but after having so many dishes...we were quite full...and i could see the disappointment on my waiter's face....furthermore, my water only got filled once and there were empty dishes on the table which we had to asked them to clear away....Overall it was a good night...but i wasnt impressed...catching up with my girlfriend was nice and we really enjoyed our little get together.We went here for our company Christmas party. We called a week prior to make a reservation and they said they were booked but could squeeze us in at 6:45. They stressed the fact that if we were a minute late our table would not be held. So right after work we rushed to get there and the restaurant was half empty. We were confused as to why we had to rush so much considering how empty it was. Aside from that, the decor was amazing. I really loved the community table downstairs, however, we were seated upstairs in a back (very dark) corner. It wasn't quite as lively as it seemed downstairs, but it was still nice. As for food, we started with the edamame dumplings, they were melt in your mouth good and so unique. Then we had the rock shrimp, which had a spicy almost buffalo sauce, these were one of the table favorites. We also had the tuna tartare spring rolls, these were spectacular! For entrees we had the garlic lobster (my choice, loved it), my coworker got the black cod which was also really delicious. Then the guys both got the steak, which I thought was a strange choice for a place like this... but it was SO SO good. It was sliced with an amazing dipping sauce. I was very surprised this dish was so good. I should also note that we got two orders of the lobster fried rice and we all loved it! As for drinks, I sent mine back because it was so weak (I wasn't offered a stronger one, they just offered to take it off of the bill). I tried a coworkers drink and that was terrible too. Side Note: I'm not picky with drinks, I'll drink anything with liquor but these tasted like straight up virgin drinks! If I went back I'd stick to champagne or wine. I was surprised such a fun/clubby restaurant wouldn't have better cocktails. So overall Food was good and liked the decor, but service (reservation girl plus waiter) and drinks were seriously lacking.It's a conspiracy. You get sat in the waiting room even with a reservation. Ask yourself... Are you sure you don't wanna order a drink? Cause magically you'll get seated as soon as you so ... Just saying Ok maybe I was being dramatic. But on a serious note. Yum yum. This isn't $$$ not that expensive. For a swanky place they could def charge more. But they don't... Food is good quality and the taste is as good as it looks. Tip/ order your own serving of edamame dumplings. You'll be sorry you don'tThe place is beautiful & huge.  My fave area/room is the library-pretty neat.Service was very good & helpful.  I asked what they recommend & that's exactly what I ordered.  It was delicious & I can't wait to go back.this is a typical meatpacking restaurant.We went there with a friend of mine on a sunday night.The food was good, the atmoshpere is great. This place is really beautiful. Hard to describe. You just feel somewhere else.Appetizer + entree + glass of wine = 80$ so not bad.Our waitress was absolutely great, very nice and cool. She looked so crazy ! Love it !Will not go back with friends, but I would take a client here.I had Buddakan for the first time two months ago, and can't stop talking about it. It has since become one of my favorite restaurants. Only downside: it's in NY, I'm in LA. I went with a group of 4 on a Saturday night without reservations (I know, cray cray), so we waited in the open seating area for a table to open up. I was on the first open table like white on rice. We waited about 30-45 mins, which wasn't bad considering our sitch. We were starvin' marvin by the time we were seated, so we ordered a lot. Our order:1. Edamame dumplings (per Yelp)- so bomb, so light, so delish, so different; a must-order as an appie2. Scallion pancakes- why did i have to share this :(3. Wild mushroom chow fun- bomb, but not something you couldn't find anywhere else4. Chinese sausage fried rice- anything with egg in on or around it = #winning5. Bobo plate- a sampling of some of their best appetizers; there wasn't one item that I didn't like6. Drinks- we all had different well drinks, all of which were strong aka perfect. The AMBIANCE was killer and I was smitten; it's a big restaurant with seating in every square inch. I wanted to sit in the big dining room with the long farm table, but I suspect reservations are necessary for that. I can't wait to go back to NY to come here again. Or for them to open up and LA location...please??Finally came hoping to catch a glance of Dale from Top Chef.  Didn't see him but we had a great time.  1. Awesome drinks2. Great, mixed crowd (from teenagers on dates to tourists to trendsters)3. Nice decor/vibe. Love the tall ceilings.4. Great food...we ordered like 7 different dishes and all of them were excellent (good dumplings, fried rice with egg, AWESOME lobster with leeks).  Great rendition of Chinese fusion.Eh. It was so hyped up by my friends and coworkers that by the time I was finished - I had the "eh" face. Don't get me wrong; the food was good, but the "WHOA" just wasn't there. The duck salad was the only dish I really liked throughout the whole meal. The peppered beef, which was rib eye, was a bit on the dry side. Fried whole fish, which was Mediterranean Sea Bass, was pretty decent - the sauce had a spicy kick to it. * I think some local Chinese takeout make better food - not the platting - I definitely give them points for platting. Dim sum huh? * I want to sit at the large table downstairs. Mingle. * my date was just freaking attractive.JUST A LIST OF THOUGHTS:-great decor on the inside with very dramatic appeal-lounge while waiting for dinner good enough to hang out without getting dinner-separate places divided by walls: the place has a huge eating place and doesn't feel intimate at all but rather you're at a queens palace.-coconut rice- yum-edamame dumplings - yum-green asian stir fry - boring-mushroom chow fun - plain-crispy tofu in thousand layer somethingoverall, didn't really meet my expectations with all the hype.  The quality of dinner items were sub-par but the drinks were excellent.Sorbet udon thing, was really good! its basically cold udon noodle, sesame seed sauce with a drop of sorbet in the middle. weird? i know...but SOOOOO YUMMY.their drinks are good too, friendly staff at bar. waitress was attentive, but then again we did go eat at their closing hour-ish so there werent too many people.their bathroom, architecture in general is gorgeous! would love to dine there agian :)This place is completely worth every penny and I cannot wait to come back.I made last minute reservations for a friend and I to eat here on a Saturday night and they were ready for us almost as soon as we walked in. There is a place in the front where there's a bar and some seating if you have to wait to be seated, which is very open. A nice touch since I always hate being at an overcrowded bar in a nice place.We didn't get to sit down in the main area with the large table, but the ambiance of this place was not lost on that. I love places that are a feast for all the senses, not just taste and Buddakan does not fail to deliver.Our waiter was attentive, but not annoying and very extremely helpful especially with making sure I was alright with how the dishes were prepared (veggie here). He made sure to inform the chef of my dietary preferences so that I didn't consume anything I wasn't comfortable with. This is the sign of a place serious about making their guests happy.Not only did the food and our drinks come out in a timely staggered fashion, the whole experience had this flow to it that was very relaxed and natural. I know with places that are very popular you can feel rushed through the dining experience, but not here.All the dishes we had were very fresh and expertly prepared. I know a lot of people on yelp write about the Edamame Dumplings and they are for sure not to be missed! I'm pretty certain that my friend and I could of made an entire meal out of these yummy little pouches of goodness.The dishes we enjoyed were the Carrot Dumplings, Chilled Udon Noodles, Charred Asparagus, Spiced Tofu & Cashews and the Black Bean Silken Tofu. Ending our foodgasm with the Rock Sugar Doughnuts, which come with 3 different sauces for dipping. If I could marry a sauce it would be the spicy strawberry royal jelly. It's last taste on earth amazing and is a flavor I must have again before I die.All and all this dinner has made it into my top 3 on dining experiences in NYC and a place definitely worth saving up for.I have been twice, and it so good!I will visit N.Y about 2 weeks and yes ill go again,alive,vibrant, good food and resonable price.A place worth visit every trip.great food, chic atmosphere & all around nice place to dine. I had the whole crispy fish for my entree and every last bit of it was delish. *muah!*I was pretty full after my entree but was somehow able to make room once the dessert got to the table & so glad I was ;-]I went to this place for a business type dinner that someone else arranged.  There was about 8 of us.  As I had anticipated, this is one of those trendy 'scene' type restaurants.  It's big claim to fame seems to be that it was the site for one of the SiTC movies where I guess Carrie had her engagement dinner (so that should tell you the kind of crowd this place seems to attract).I normally steer clear of such places as I prefer more intimate places where the focus is primarily on the food, and not an any supposed hipness factor.  That said, I have to say that the food was quite good, especially considering that we ordered what I think was a 'party' type platter.  Everything was solidly good.  I particularly liked some type of salad that we got with something crunchy on top.  There was also a sliced chicken with a thin crispy type of batter that was also quite good.I have to say though, as a self-professed dessert connoisseur, that their pastry chef seems to be the star of the place.  We got about 5 different desserts to share and they were all incredibly good.The service as well was overall, solid.Wow what a beautiful dining experience... I just love places like this, the atmosphere is just as beautiful as the food. My best friend took me here for my birthday dinner and it was definitely a memorable experience.We shared a variety of appetizers *****Hoisin glazed pork belly ****** This was my favorite Deviled tuna tartare- the tuna was very fresh and tasty Lobster egg rolls- crispy and yummyWe then shared the entree-Kung Pao Monkfish also delicious Enjoy!!Great date spot or just hanging with your friends. The decor and amiance is typical to a Steven Starr restaurant. We were brought the long way to our table i think so they could show the place off.Our food and service was top notch. Our server was very knowledgable about the menu. Each course we had was great. Try the chili rock shrimp, and duck noodles. We shared a bottle of sake and had room for dessert.Its my second time in Buddakan NYC and i will be back.Being an out of town visitor, I specifically chose to have dinner at Buddakan for the ambiance first and the food second. Based on a lot of the reviews on Yelp and b/c I've spent a lot of time in China, I went into the restaurant not having high expectations.  My table ordered the chili rock shrimp (good), braised pork in the buns (great), choy sum with black bean froth (middling), and the duck with noodles in soup (good in a comfort food way). The best dishes were definitely the rock shrimp and braised pork. Our table ordered 4 cocktails that were fairly unique, of middle strength, and pretty to look at (can't remember the names though). Overall, I enjoyed the decor and was pleasantly surprised with the food.  If you can keep in mind that this isn't tried and true, authentic Chinese fare, but rather Chinese-American food with a lot of ambiance to dazzle you, the experience is worthwhile.I had one of my best dinners ever at Buddakan. And it was even better than my first trip in which I remember from about couple of years ago!Loved the vegetarian options - the carrot dumplings, the mushroom siu mei and chow fun, my personal favorite the sticky coconut rice and the delicious assortment of desserts.  It's never just about the food at Buddakan, the service is excellent, the ambiance pitch perfect and the entire experience never falls short of memorable.Buddakan has it figured out - it's as New York as it gets...and that doesn't stem from the bias of sitting at the famed SATC table in the gorgeous dining hall and soaking in the company of some great people!Wow! My best friend was in town and was in the mood for some Asian Fusion Food. I brought her to Buddakan and she LOVED IT!The menu is 'family sized' so you order a few things for the table. It may seem like you are ordering a lot of food but it actually works out because you pick at everything. We gotEdamame Dumplings (known for this and now I know why -- delicious)Pork Potstickers - very goodTuna Tartare - very light and refreshing and I don't even eat seafood!Boneless Spare Ribs- has the most amazing sauceGarlic Lobster - YUM!Chilled Udon Noodles - has a lime sorbet that you do not expect but was deliciousChinese sausage Fried Rice - was not too impressedHave fun and definitely get a cocktail!Pricy and Sceney.  But oh so fun!  I hadn't been here in years and wondered if it had lost its luster.  It hadn't!  It was such a blast.  We didn't have a reso, so we sat at the bar and had such fun people watching.  We figured out the story of the couple across from us.  Poor things, I think they were about to get a divorce.  But everyone else was awesome and festive.   Excellent food and cocktails.  Love the substance and style, which doesn't happen all the time.  I'll be back, maybe for my birthday if I'm lucky.Came here with some friends since we were visiting and we wanted to try out a fine dine restaurant in the area. My friend made reservations and the only possible times they had seemed to always be at 5pm or 10pm. We chose the earlier reservation and when we came in, we were seated on the top floor near a family with children. T.T You can imagine my disappointment in our seating placement. On top of that, our server was a jerk and told us that 3-4 plates would not be enough. We obviously went to the host and requested for another table and we were seated at a more secluded table downstairs. We ordered the rock shrimp, pork belly, Lobster Fried Rice and Mushroom Chow Fun which was WAY more then enough for us. We didn't even get the finish the plates! We ended our meal with the crying chocolate and it was DELICIOUS. I would absolutely recommend ordering this dessert. I think it came out to be $30-$40 each person which isn't bad at all. I took a star off for that horribly rude server which I can not seem to recall his name but he had fairly long dirty blonde or blonde hair and another star off for the initial horrible seating. You're seriously going to seat a group of girls trying to enjoy their time next to a family with kids -.-Managed to snag a Saturday night reservation 5 days prior on OpenTable (thank you Jesus!) I really think the man upstairs wanted me to enjoy some delicious and impeccably presented food! I've been here twice (once, for a large birthday dinner, and again, for a simple dinner for two) and in both contexts, the service was attentive and prompt. It's rather easy to go overboard here, because everything on the menu looks fantastically delicious. Must haves are the Jade Shrimp Dumplings, Kung Pao Monkfish, Black Pepper Beef, and Chilled Udon Noodles. The Crying Chocolate dessert is beautifully presented and chocolate lovers will love its intense, rich chocolatey-ness paired with a delicate jasmine tea ice cream. If you want to have an elegant and sexy dinner, with elegant and sexy food, Buddakan is your perfect match.One of my most fancy dining experiences this place is a feast for your sense's from the beautifully designed lavish space to the  drinks and the food spectacular . I started with a yummy cocktail called Fate its made with  elderflower, pineapple's prosecco, I also had the charm cocktail made with   passion fruit liqueur, apple, fresh berries, prosecco this was my favorite .For appetizers the  edamame dumplings ,lobster rolls, chili shrimp and General Tso's Dumplings did no disappoint my entree I had fillet of beef and the rice with curry foam was luscious. For desert the crying chocolate and the passion fruit mouse was wonderful .This place is AMAZING! By the way for you Sex in the City fans, this is where Carrie and Big had their rehearsal dinner party. The ambience is beautiful. We ordered LOTS of food, and at it ALL. Lol. Portions are large and good for sharing. We had the following: Lobster Egg Rolls, Scallion Pancake, Chinese Sausage Fried Rice, Lobster Fried Rice, Sizzling Short Ribs, Soft Shell Crab, and a Whole Peking Duck. And yes there is more...for dessert Crying Chocolate Cake, and the Carrot Cake. Everything was mouthwatering and I could eat for days here. The Crying Chocolate Cake was NOT sharing size and I am glad I ordered my own. If you love chocolate and desserts, you are guaranteed to love this one. Those who like carrot cake may be disappointed. It did not taste all that original. I will definitely visit them again when in NYC!Very dark - low lighting, meatpacking nightclub atmosphere ~Asian fusion tapas that take your palate on an exploratory journey to places its never been and a few places it recalls but really needed to visit again.  Strong drinks, great service, comfortable seating with plenty of space.I still dream about the Wok freid oyster with Foie gras with thai basil, king soy!- great service- excellent drinks - dark and mysteriousI love Asion Fusion or as I like to call it Asian Inovation.The best Asian fusion food in New York period. All the different rooms provide so such a great atmosphere that makes you feel that it is 5 different restaurants in oneNice spot with very good food. Service was nice as well. A little pricier than spice market which is a couple of blocks away or Tao but worth it. Try to get one of the table downstairs.If your want to eat at a beautiful place with an Asian fusion this is the place to eat. With the giant golden statue of Buddha in the middle and lightly dimmed place creates a great place for a nice date night. It has multiple locations in ny as sell as Philly. The food is delicately made along with a twist on the traditional. My fave was prob the taro dimson on a stick... Along with the steak flat rice noodles. But I gotta say its a bit on the pricy side of course it was my boss bday and her boss paid for us all I think the price for us 12 people was well over 3G. But if you have a special date it would be a great place to go to.. Then again we had dishes after dished and shots along with it.It's a very upscale Asian place, where the decor is great with dim lighting that would be great for a date spot.  The staff are all friendly and good looking.  The food itself is just ok in general.  I found the cod was the best thing on the menu, while the much talked about lobster rice being plain and dry.   In summary, a great looking place with hit and miss dishes set at a heavy premium price.The best touristy restaurant (for those tourist with deep pockets) in NY. Try other places for local faire but this is great when people come to visit.Out of towners will be blown away by the size of this place and the layout.Must haves:Pork BunsEdamame dumplings (I cannot stress this enough)This place is pretty insane. It reminds me of an upscale underground secret sex-slave dungeon. That sounds redundant and contradictory at the same time, but it's true. It's pretty pricey so make sure you go with someone who's covering the bill ;).Came here on a Friday night. The lobby/waiting area is filled to the brim with swanky people too cool to look hungry. Make no mistake: Anyone in the know came here to dine. I mean, there's got to be a reason why their waiting lounge is so big, right?This is probably the first Chinese "tapas" restaurant I've ever been to. After the half hour wait, we're taken down into the belly of the beast where the restaurant actually is. The food here is exquisite. From the Tuna Tartar Spring Rolls to the Edamame Dumplings, everything is made to perfection. The prices are a bit steep but you definitely get what you pay for here. I highly recommend this place if you have money to splurge.This is one of my favorite restaurants, one that I can visit monthly without being sick of it.  The menu is extremely diverse with many choices, last time we went we ordered 15 dishes all which were equally amazing.  The portions are very good to share with a group of 4 or less. The service is exceptional and the decor and ambience are great.  See you next month.The restaurant has an amazing atmosphere; the main dining room is downstairs but open two stories up with huge chandeliers hanging overhead and wax-caked candlesticks on the tabletops. The side area in which we ate has pictures of Buddha heads randomly lit on the walls, and a dark environment that gives a sense of privacy.Our server was very good and well informed about the food on the menu and made some excellent suggestions. The food is served family style, which was a great way to get tastes of several different dishes. Though the serving sizes and presentations seemed generally like a standard one-person entrees.We started with a few appetizers, including the General Tso's Dumpling, which was stuffed with chicken, ginger and garlic, which were served right from the steamer basket. I found the Crispy Calamari Salad with green apples, cashews, and a miso vinaigrette also to be very good. I was tempted to order the frog legs, but we shied away. The steamed sea bass roll with cabbage, ginger, sizzling scallion oil was good, tender and buttery, but a little forgettable.We tried three main courses, and my favorite was the rich and flavorful Sizzling Short Rib with mushroom chow fun (noodles), and Asian pear. The meat was tender and a little fatty, the pear was refreshing, and the mushrooms and noodles were a great compliment. Next on my list was the Glazed Alaskan black cod with chili eggplant, black bean relish. The fish was light and flaky and the black bean relish was a nice flavor to go with it. The last dish served was a seared pork tenderloin with wild mushrooms, lotus scented rice, Chinese bacon. This was good, but I think we were all starting to get full and so it wasn't a favorite. I also felt like the rice, was a bit strong, but the tea-like flavor was good. We also ordered a side of charred asparagus that was amazing (for asparagus), it was not stringy, and had a great flavor with a "black bean foam."Capping off the meal was a great cup of cappuccino and a Tempura Apple Fritter (essentially fried apple rings) with Saigon cinnamon anglaise (a white, creamy sauce) and salt and pepper caramel (a sauce that I found to be a little too peppery, or perhaps too dark of a caramel). Overall it was a great meal, with lots more on the menu I'd like to try. Combine that with top-notch service and it made for an excellent way to celebrate our birthdays!I can't say enough GOOD things about this place!  I have been here for large parties and finally took my three best friends who are from out of town for a meal here.  The service was amazing and the food was to die for!  I have never been disappointed at this city hot spot!  Word to the wise, make reservations...in advance!  So worth it!Place is definitely very "Meatpacking," i.e. trendy/swanky/hot-shot crowd. The bar was pretty crowded (Friday night at 8p) but we were seated within 5 minutes and treated very nicely by the waitstaff.Let me start by saying, the portions are described as "family-sized" but the waitress warns you that they are really individual portions. So why even advertise the meal as family-style? Anyway, they recommend 2 apps, 2 entrees, 1 side. Yes, this was enough food but the portions you get are super small.Edamame Dumplings are supposedly what the restaurant is famous for. They are terrible and taste like paste. I mean, I guess I get the flavors but there is no texture to the dish at all, which makes it just very boring after the first bite. Tuna Tartare Spring Rolls were totally delicious. It comes with 3 small fried rolls of tuna tartare which may sound eh~ but they were so yummy I wished I had ordered 2 of those instead of the dumplings.Charred Filet of Beef was okay. The mustard sauce was good but there was just nothing great about the dish. Grilled Alaskan Black Cod was also okay. It was a bit salty for my taste and the black bean relish was mediocre. We also ordered a side of the cauliflower which was stir-fried with pork. It was a bit spicy and salty, and also just okay. The only thing I'd order again is the Tuna Tartare Spring Rolls. Oh P.S., the cocktails on the menu are super tiny. Like, mimosa-sized tiny. I ordered a Cosmopolitan for my 2nd drink and that was $15. Ridiculous. So my sentiments about Buddakan are basically that it is super-overpriced and I'd never go back. Not that I regret my meal because I wanted to try it some day, but that's that.I think the Yelp community might be a little blind sighted by the decor to actually rate the food.I'm split right down the middle on this one. While the place is absolutely beautiful. The enormity of the sq footage alone takes your breath away. New Yorkers are not used to seeing such a large space without laser lights and sweaty bodies bouncing off of them. This immediately gets an awe struck acceptance.   Apparently enough to dim the other senses.I understand their aim for original cuisine, but I think they bypassed aim and cannon balled straight to "original".  I was not impressed with the food. I was definitely impressed with the descriptions however.  They must have Musto writing their menus...all talk, no depth....point....  Some dark chocolate mouse, avocado, banana thing. Sounded too cool to pass up.It arrives and it's one of those plates that ought to be hanging alongside Pollack. Too beautiful and delicated to dig into. But of course for $14 you do. Forks however do not break up the juxtaposition. You'll have to pick apart each individual sheet  manually. It doesn't melt or crumple or water ones mouth like it's supposed to. It's definitely fun to sit with a group and decipher and deconstruct.You see avocado, but taste banana...bummer...I was really excited to see how they were going to incorportate avocado. I can go on and on about the randomness of this dish, but I'll stop. It's a food to play with, not digest.The main courses were -fine-. Nobody was particularly overwhelmed with joy, but again the constructs blinds you from ever realizing.I love that you can get dressed up. My leg was broken at the time though and I hopped in, in sneakers and jeans (and crutches) and didn't feel snubbed on. The servers were all very friendly. Upscale, but not upturned noses. I would come back to impress people and try these edemame dumplings I keep reading about, but I'll always be a Highline girl.[3.5 stars]I came here for my roommate's birthday dinner last year before I watched Sex and the City: The Movie so I didn't know what to expect, really. The funny thing is, I used to go to a club right across the street from Buddakan but never knew it was there. It looks like a huge dark warehouse or something at first glance--you would never know this beautiful restaurant was hidden inside.The inside is as stunning as it seems in the movie. High ceilings in the main room, eclectic everywhere else; the atmostphere is great. We were seated upstairs, away from the main room with the huge multi-party table. My roommate wanted to sit in the main room, however, so we asked and they immediately offered us this perfect little table in the main room. The service and aura was great but the food was average. As a friend put it, it was sort of like "upscale chinese take-out." Sadly, I'd have to agree. We ordered a variety of dishes and they all were reminiscent of just regular take-out Asian food--sans all the MSG and grease. However, when they brought the birthday girl's dessert, it had "Happy Birthday" written on the plate with chocolate and we didn't even ask!SATC: The Movie displays this restaurant beautifully and I do recommend you try it out. The food was definitely tasty but nothing special. Also, my friend and I almost walked into the men's bathroom because it is VERY dark in the hallway leading to the restroom and you can't really tell which is which. Eep!When I tried this overpriced, Americanized Chinese restaurant, that puts out food of quality somewhere between PF Changs and Tao, I kept wondering to myself who would want to be a regular here, who would want to schedule a special event here.The answer (as provided ad nauseum through Showtime reruns):  the Sex and the City Girls for Carrie's Wedding.  I am still convinced that Carrie got jilted not because the redhead told Mr. Big that married life is hell but because Mr. Big's meal here disagreed with him.  No sympathy for him - with all the money and time he had as a stay at home hedge fund husband, he could've gotten on yelp to find something better.If I had to use one word to describe Buddakan it would be cinematic.  Yes, I was informed this place was used in the Sex in the City movie.  I'm from California and if I had to imagine what New York's nightlife would be like I would think of phrases like nice ambiance, beautiful people and a young upbeat atmosphere.  Buddakan had it all.  Made me feel like I was in a movie.I have to agree with my fellow yelpers.  Generally, these kinds of places aren't great restaurants.  I'm a hater of Asian fusion because its usually Asian food on training wheels.  Asian food is usually very flavorful and places like P.F. Chang's give you bland food. Not true about this place.  Sorry guys, I can't remember what we got because I had too many Sapphire and tonics before and after the meal.  I do remember that we were really hungry and got at least seven plates (can't remember which were entrees or appetizers) between the four of us.  I can tell you I really enjoyed the jumbo shrimps and that we were very satisfied.  Note that this place is family style.  No complaints on the service.  Very friendly and honest.  Always a good combo.  What else is there to say, except you got to check this place out.Fought hard not to have a work dinner here the other night & I stand corrected, it was really great.  Went maybe 4 years ago when it first opened, remember it as my first NY exposure to Frank Bruni who was sitting at the next table & everyone was whispering/pointing.  Hadn't been back since assuming it had grown in ostentatious B & T tragic buddha-osity.  Turns out that stuff is true, but who cares because the food was good, our waitress was a delight & the wine was memorable.  Since there are 300+ other reviews to tell you which of the dishes are top notch, I will just say that it's a pleasant surprise & I will not let my horrendous snobbery cloud my judgement moving forward.I went here with my girlfriend for her birthday dinner expecting a really top notch dinner at an expensive restaurant. The decor inside is incredibly nice and expansive. Waitstaff was quick and friendly.However...I was looking through the dishes and just saw what I've known as regular ass chinese food. We ordered frog legs, the full peking duck, and crab fried rice and they were just regular ass chinese food that I've eaten at places substantially cheaper AND better in Flushing and Chinatown. I'm not sure if I walked into this restaurant with the wrong mindset, or if I'm just a biased Chinese boy but I figured a restaurant expensive as this would have mindblowing renditions of what I saw as Chinese restaurant staples. However, I am not trying to discount this restaurant as bad, as the dishes themselves were in fact tasty but for the amount I payed, I could've gotten better food at a Flushing location for half the price and double the portion.I went to Buddakan for dinner with my girlfriend a few nights ago.  The restaurant is pretty interesting inside, with a lot of space and high ceilings, although I found it a bit too dark.  They serve dishes "tapas-style" (the waiter's description), although I think the dishes were larger than typical tapas.The food was good.  We ordered two entrees: Charred Filet of Beef (pretty good, but I think that was mostly due to the butter sauce they poured over the top) and Kung Pao Monkfish (good but not memorable); and three side dishes: Chinese Sausage Fried Rice (good), Sugar Snap Peas (ok), and Chili Rock Shrimp (awesome).  If you're being strategic about your dinner and want to maximize your food for the money, get the fried rice - that alone could have filled us up and it was only $10.  Also, don't feel like you have to order an entree for each person - they expect you to share those as well, and the entrees are generally much more expensive than the appetizers and side dishes without offering much more food.The service at Buddakan was fine, although they didn't come by to fill our glasses of water for the entire meal, until we flagged someone down at the end.  No big deal, but worth noting if you care about that sort of thing.I'd definitely go back to Buddakan again, and if I did I'd order less food and save room for dessert (which sounds great according to other Yelp reviews).Been many times and can say that this is one of my favorite restaurants.  Every time we go the food is consistent with the time before.  Charred Beef is my favorite.  The sauce is the key, don't forget it.  The crab hot pot is great, as is the edamame dumplings, spare ribs, peking duck, the lollypops, and on and on.  It's all good, just get what looks good to you.For drinks, Fate and Tranquility are my two favorites.  Crying Chocolate for desert.  Peanut butter bombe is my favorite desert to date.  Service here is always excellent.I don't usually like to review places I haven't recently been to but this was memorable. Came here a few months ago for a birthday and it was damn good. They didn't seat us immediately...in fact we waited about 45 minutes even though we had a 10pm reservation...but we wanted the main dining room so we waited.Buddakan serves mostly traditional northern chinese food with a modern twist...but it's certainly not fusion. We were a party of 10 so we bascially ordered everything and shared. Everything was absolutely delicious except for the popcorn shrimp appetizer. I tink that's what it was called...it was basically fried shrimp poppers smothered in a reddish blah sauce...they were just uneventful. Edamame dumplings and pork buns were particularly good. I personally split the duck with my friend and it's the best duck I've had outside of China so far. Crispy skin (my fave) juicy meat...and all the accoutrements to roll it up in. Dessert was blah...got some yuzu lemon thing...ehhh. Prices are not too bad actually. There were 10 of us, we ordered 9 mains and 8 appetizers, 1 dessert a bottle of wine and 8 drinks...wound up paying $80 dollars between 9 people.Service was great. Packed on a friday night so make reservations if you want a real table otherwise they have low lounge tables for eating and drinking by the bar/lounge area. It's trendy but no fake Asian decor inside.Amazing experience. Can't wait to go backThe decor is really beautiful, Buddakan is definitely worth checking out just because of it. Concerning the service, our waiter was friendly to a point, where his smile was - just a little - creepy... but he was very attentive and we were never left wanting for anything.First of all, the cocktails. We had to wait for our table, and ordered some drinks at the bar in the front, but as soon as they stood in front of us, and we wanted to take the first sip, somebody came to show us to our table. We then found out,  that you have to pay for everything you consume at the bar separately, before you move to your table, which made for kind of a rush, since the waitress was already standing next to us looking rather impatient. But the cocktails were excellent! Especially the 'Lush', made with sake, lychee, gin and rosemary...On to the food - I know that some really seem to like the edamame dumplings, but I can not relate... The first bite was ok, but after that I started feeling a little sick, and so did everybody else that tried them at our table. We just didn't like the consistency at all! But what can I say, there's no accounting for taste. I just wouldn't recommend these dumplings to anyone. The boneless spareribs were okay, and the short rib (an entree) was very good! I liked this dish the most out of everything I tried. I also sampled the peking duck, but didn't find that the flavors came together very well. And the much raved about Crying Chocolate dessert was... good. Probably not the best (but I'm picky about my chocolate!), but everybody at our table seemed to like it.So, I'd recommend Buddakan for the scene and the drinks, but not much else...Starters:-Edamame dumplings, yes! Filling is so creamy and smooth, exterior soft and delicate.-raw yellow tail.Drinks: "Fever" mezcal, jalapeno, pomegranetteDessert: Just pure gluttony. Not exactly the best thing ive had, but i really wanted the peanut BOMBE.Take a dash of Vegas, add a touch of the Hogwarts dining room, throw in a crowd of beautiful New Yorkers, plus - don't forget some great food, and you have Buddakan.Along with three friends, we had tasty edamame dumplings, tuna tartar egg rolls, black cod, kung pao monkfish, stir fried greens, and dungeness crab sticky rice. The dumplings, cod, and monkfish were standouts. The rest was good but nothing to write home about. Capped off with very good service, this was a pleasant meal. Save room for dessert and wander over to Chelsea Market for a cupcake.Coming here was an exciting prospect. I had been invited to a tasting dinner by a chef. Not only would I get to sample a trendy Meatpacking hot spot, but in the company of the people who are so talented at bringing food to that extra degree of taste we normal cooks aspire to go to. The short story: mixed bag, most dishes disappointing apart from a few highlights. The good: edamame dumplings are ridiculously yummy. After a night of drinking, I could mow through a plateful of those and forget any social obligation to share. Equally yummy were a pork belly bun, bok choy-wrapped sea bass, and crab fried rice. (My fellow diners also liked a tuna tartare spring roll and soup dumpling.)The marginal: a glazed beef ribeye, and a crispy chili chicken. While the beef was finely prepared, the sauce seemed to have too much hoisin. And the chicken was good, but seemed like an ordinary dish for Buddakan to serve. The no--thanks: a fried croquet that wasn't potato, but turnip. Another dish of pork belly was dry. Dessert was ginger flan (?), a combination I hope to never eat again. Sorbets were not that awesome; while not poor, I was surprised this was what Buddakan was serving. Though there were loads of criticisms made around me, I'm inclined to look at my experience kindly regardless. There are some good eats to be found here at Buddakan, simple things that remind me of trips to Hong Kong and creativity that works well when it does (I still want edamame dumplings). And, the service is impeccable. But, I'm just as content going to a cart for the same pleasures, and don't feel I need to spend a lot of money. Were it not for the fact that I got to hang out with chefs, I would be bitter over the amount I paid for dinner. (But, I'm still mildly annoyed at getting stuck paying for other people's cocktails. Feh.)Visually, Buddakan is an amazing place, with its high ceilings and eclectic modern design. It had a very good crowd going by seven o'clock, a good mix of young professionals, locals, and out-of-towners. We had no problems seating on time. The wait staff were also very courteous, informative, professional and their service was timely.For starters, we went for their specialty cocktails (Lush, Charm and Fever), they were all nice drinks except for Fever, not really a fan of jalapenos in drinks, only in food. For appetizers we had their edamame dumplings, hoi sin glazed pork belly and crispy calamari salad. The dumplings were unusual, but the hoi sin pork belly in steamed buns and calamari salad were very nice and flavorful. For entrees, I had the black pepper beef, which was a tad salty, while my wife had the Cantonese steamed sole which she liked very much. Closing out the night we had Crying Chocolate, a restaurant favorite...a malted white chocolate ganache with cappuccino ice cream. They served dessert with candles and a 'Happy Anniversary' greeting written in dark melted chocolate, a really good ending for a very special night.8 o' clock Reservations. . . walk thru the door 8:05 and the place is mobbed. . .walk in check out coats turn around and are greeted and walked directly to our table.  You have to love a place that can keep a schedule.Walking down stairs you come down one of the two monster stair cases over looking this cavernous room that is just spectacular.  This place is sexy.Waiter was extremely knowledgeable and helpful.  All staff was very attentive. Being my first time to Buddakan we asked for recommendations and ordered them almost to the tee.-Edamamde Dumplings in a butter truffle sauce.  Insanely amazing.-Tuna Tartar spring rolls with a chili eggplant on the side both were very tasty-Monkfish in a spicey red curry sauce was great.-Sweet black cod was better then the monkfish.The quality of both fish was top notch alone with the presentation.I have tasted similar sauces at other places but still tastey.  If i was to go back again I think I would order tapas style and order some sake and a bunch of apps that you can share because I saw about 6 other ones I wanted to try that sounded amazing.Definitly going back here again.  Steven Starr does it right 7 days a week.I am always skeptical on Asian Fusion restaurants, but this is the first place that really does it right. Great atmosphere and space design. We had: Edamame Dumplings - Puree edamame with truffle oil in a perfect HaGow style wrapper. Homage to the delicacy of Dim Sum.Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly - Spicy shallots, cabbage, steamed bun mini pancake wrappers.Chili Rock Shrimp - toasted ginger, tempura friedVegetable Rice - Coconut Curry Foam possibly unnecessary. Rice itself was delicious, a little sticky and good like that.Sugar Snap Peas - mixed wild mushrooms, Chinese mushrooms, Soy Tapioca pearls that we initially mistook for caviar.Shacha Chicken w Five Spice - Moist and tender meat, skin could have been more crispyMongolian Lamb Chops - Ordered the meat medium, came out perfect. Crystallized Ginger crust was tasyKung Pao Monkfish - Meaty fish, tempura fried, tasty Kung Pao sauceTranquility Cocktail: Citurs Vodka, Lemongrass Infused TeaWhat was I thinking not giving it 5 stars originally? This place is as good as it gets! Returned to Buddakan a few weeks ago with some friends and was happy to see the atmosphere, the energy, the service and the food is as good as ever.  The edamame dumplings are still a luxurious treat and cannot be missed.  Yes, chances are you'll have to wait for a table but spending time with their friendly bartenders is really lovely.  One interesting note for the ladies is their floors to prove to be slick especially when wearing high-heels. But this gives you a chance to slow down and look around and be looked at so I guess it's not all bad. In all, I can't recommend Buddakan enough to my friends and look forward to being back in NYC. Buen Provecho!I came back here after 4 years and I must say that food is just mediocre .2.5-3 stars only !we got tasting menu so I tried lots of things (mostly just mediocre!)Appetizer: Edamame dumpling 4 star.the rest 2-3 stars onlyEntree: Jumbo shrimp and fillet of meet 4 stars the rest 2-3Dessert : 4 starBest place to take your out of town guests! Absolute NY sexiness and mystery all dwell in this spot. Ladies go dressed to impress any Vogue editor as this restaurant felt like a fashion show at times. Now down to the food. I always follow the advice of my fellow yelpers and so ordered the edamame dumplings. I was not disappointed at all. I then ordered a black bean tofu dish that was equally marvelous. Order lots of sides because I found that the portions are small and made to share. This review is based on memory and so I apologize for the sketchy details but maybe the following will be helpful. What made Buddakan memorable was the sex and the city atmosphere. Food will not disappoint you but the atmosphere is what will keep you coming back.It's Buddakan........chill vibe as soon as you walk in the door(if you don't walk right by it the first time) as you're greeted by a desk that resembles hotel check in.  The host/ess will probably ask you to go have a drink at the bar while "you're table is prepared".........don't fight it, just go grab your $18 cocktail and enjoy the decour.Once seated, enjoy as even though it has lost a little something since it first opened it is still an enjoyable night with an attentive staff.  Order a variety of dishes to share and get a main dish for yourself.  Pay your $500 bill(give or take) for 4 and enjoy strolling out into Meatpacking with a nice meal to soak up the alcohol you'll undoubtedly consume throughout the rest of the night.If you have visitors from out of town, take em here just for a drink.  You'll def get that WOW factor if they've never been.***Wheelchairs - Make sure you have a strong friend to help you up the 4 or so steps upon entry.  Buy him a drink and he'll be the one thanking you***Food:23Decor:27Service:23TIp: Go Here. Drinks, lunch, dinner, whatever...it's an experience.Maybe it was because it was Sunday night, but our experience here was not as good as it has been before.  It was a birthday celebration, which I had confirmed through my open table reservation, on the phone and when we arrived.  We had asked for a great table - one in the red room that we had before.  They apparently did not understand and seated us in a back corner at an oversized table, which we could not even talk to each other, so we asked to move ... to the red room.  The red room is cozy, more intimate and great for talking.  The waiter took his time coming to us and always seemed to "have full hands" anytime we needed anything.  We decided to ignore is nasty attitude but when we all wanted a second drink and he was no where to be found, it was not as easy.The food previously was incredible.  Hot, delicious and worth every penny.  This time, the chicken was a little touch, the beef was chewy and the appetizers needed sauces, which we asked for, but decided not to wait for.  They never arrived. We know better than usually go to restaurants on Sunday nights since you get the "B-C" team, but it was a birthday celebration for a birthday that day and our last experience there was so over the top, we did not think it would matter.  Apparently we were wrong.Absolutely LOVED the food here, every bit of it! The place is huge, dimly lit, plays great music and an awesome date spot or night out with your girlfriends! I came last Saturday for an amazing dinner!Here's what we ordered:Mushroom & Sugar Snap Siu Mei shiitake, hon shimeji - DEVOURED these!Jade Shrimp Dumplings pea shoots, water chestnuts - Excellent!Lobster Egg Rolls mint, cabbage, sweet chili sauce - HUGE portion, deliciousGeneral Tso's Dumplings chicken, hot & sour broth - BF had these and loved them!Tuna Tartare Spring Roll crispy shallot, ponzu - A MUST TRY! Lobster Fried Rice crispy scallops, chinese celerySoft shell crab entreeWe probably could have done without the rice and soft shell crab because we were SO full but we indulged for our anniversary. Apple cider doughnuts were a great way to end our meal. Highly suggest this place, the food was exceptional! =)Came to this gem for my birthday last year. Located right next to Chelsea Market, it's easy to miss it at first, but once you sit down to eat here, you'll be glad you didn't.Let me start off by saying that this place is huge and can, in a night, easily accommodate more than 500 (according to one of their waitresses) guests. With multiple rooms that are set apart from one another in decor and vibe, they accomodate large parties fairly easily - but make a reservation if you can.Their menu is contemporary and is often comprised of interesting fusions that taste better than they sound. And it's vegetarian friendly. I recommend the Chilled Udon Noodles, which come with lime sorbet - sounds strange, but it was the best udon dish I've had to date. I also recommend their Vegetable Rice and Wild Mushroom Chow Fun. And for those looking for their meat fix, I'd recommend the Black Pepper Beef or the Lobster Fried Rice. And if you're planning on staying for dessert, sorbet and Crying Chocolate is the way to go. I think others can attest to that! I've also heard their teas are quite good. And I think I will have to go back to try their cocktails, which, from what I've heard, hit the spot.The service was spectacular, the night crowd is a lively one, and if you're celebrating something, you won't regret doing it here.I felt like a vegan queen. Went with a large group and we had the chef's tasting menu. Upon telling the waitress about my vegan diet, she cheerfully said they could accomodate. They brought dish after delicious dish made specifically for me, while the rest of the table enjoyed a more carnivorous menu. Everyone couldn't stop talking about the food, ambiance, and staff. I was blown away.Great for groups. We asked them to serve a selection of their best dishes and were not disappointed. Amazing food and service.If basing my time at Buddakan on how my body physically felt while I was there, I would have to give it a 1. I was still hungover from the night before, had walked 6 miles all day, was stuffed on chillie cheese fries at snack time (yes, snack time), and felt like I was going to be sick to my stomach. HOWEVER, despite this, the food was excellent, the service spot on, and the atmosphere unbelievable. I'll break it down. 1. Service- Minus having to wait in the bar area for our table (what's the point of reservations, i ask?) the area was lively. Due to feeling ill I didn't drink but my friends cocktails seemed beautiful and creative. Our server was wonderful, attentive and explained the menu well. 2. Menu- Flipping unbelievably delicious. we ordered the springrolls which were steaming hot and amazing, and the rock shrimp. I am obsessed with rock shrimp and this was very good. For our mains we had the Short Rib, chillie chicken, lobster fried rice, blackened cod, caulliflower, and a few other things I can't remember now. All of it was steaming hot and delicious. Special shoutout to the short rib. I polished it off it was so good. My only negative is that the waitress suggested we order 2 aps, 3 mains, and two misc. from the rice and sides. This was way too much food for 3 girls and we ended up only eating half of it. 3. The Vibe- It was on SATC for crying out loud so of course it's cool but it was REALLY nicely done. New York has nailed the "concept" restaurant, and this one did not dissapoint. Large, loud, and lively and not so dark that you couldn't see your food or friends. Amazing place, yummy food. **1 thing to note. The bathrooms on the upstairs floor are GROSS. at least the ones I used. Communal, and the floor was wet. For a restaurant so commited to looking chic, cool and at over 30$ a plate, I'd appreciate a cleaner restroom that a male didn't just use. There could be other bathrooms I was missing though.**The ambience was trying too hard to be hip and it didn't work.  The food was ok but not worth the money.  A disappointment overall.Very nice atmosphere. The service in very professional and the food was amazing but slightly overpriced.This is a super classy and nice asian fusion place with delcious food, drink and decor. The Mapo tofu was absolutely delicious. Definitely come here with a group of people who are down to try everything on the menu. Our server was also extremely nice, especially since we had a large group of college kids who were pretty rude.One of my favorite restaurants in NYC, the atmosphere is great, food is stupendous some of my favorites are.Chili Rock Shrimp (going crazy for them now lol)Edame DumplingsCharred Filet of Beef (the sauce is to die for)Crying ChocolateMojitos are more than decent here, over all service is greatthey play some great music here too, the likes of Buddha bar, Federico Aubele, Gotan Project and so forth, the type of music I enjoy hence it was the icing on the cake.Ok, make sure you get reservations cause this place is BUSY!! It's very large, but VERY loud as well!! It kinda bothered me because it was dark and sexy, perfect for a date, but its hard to have a conversation, so maybe not. We were originally seated RIGHT NEXT TO the swinging kitchen door, so it sqeeked every time a waiter or waitress came in or out, so that lasted about 2 seconds before we asked to be moved. Eventually we ended up in a perfect location upstairs in a side room. There wasn't alot on the menu that I could eat (sushi, pork or seafood) but I made a meal out of the side items which were delicious!! Curry rice and some mushroom noodles. My friends had the shrimp and the steak. Both delicious as well! I wish they had more options on the menu, but I would definately come back here again!!I'm a picky eater, but this resto was oustanding.  Incredible.  My favorites:- Edamame dumplings- Whole Peking duck- Chow noodlesAn amazing place to go for a date, or with friends.  I was totally blown away...When we walked in, we were greeted by about 7 hostesses all wearing black.  Once we walked into the dining area, all wait staff were  wearing black as well.  The atmosphere was very dark, hip and chic.  Do look out for the black shirt wait staff.  It took us  a moment for outr eyes to adjust to the dim light.  I assumed the wait staff would be rude and snobby, but they were not at all.  My husband and I went with a friend to dine at Buddhakan and the waitress gave us great recommendations.  Definitely try the boneless spare ribs and the Peking duck salad.  We practically licked the dressing off of the plate.  You can skip the stir fry wide noodle.  You can find the same or better quality and quantity noodle dish in Chinatown.  They did a good job with our snapper.  A bit pricey but service and food were good.Went there today for a birthday dinner w/ my dad.  I had a fun time looking at the atmosphere.  It reminded me of Hogwarts' Great Hall if it were in Asia lol.  The bathrooms were dark...but it was interesting.  We arrived a few minutes early, so we were asked to wait into the lounge for a few minutes.  The waitstaff was very friendly and our server was helpful.  Because I could not narrow down the list of appetizers that sounded appealing to me, she recommended a few things, including the corn dumplings, which were my favorite.  Second favorite was the frogs legs, which my dad recommended.  We also ordered the pork belly buns and the other buns...I think that was beef, the deviled egg tuna tartare, duck rolls, and the chocolate mille feuille (mm...bruleed bananas.)  All in all, I enjoyed the meal, though my dad and I definitely ordered too much.  We were just really hungry when we arrived and got carried away.  I liked the buns better w/o the sauce, though.  I definitely want to come back and try the things on the menu that I didn't get to taste.What a smooth and relaxing environment. Big chandeliers from the ceiling to floor. The servers were pleasant, friendly models of a lovely world. The elderberry special cocktail was light and fresh. The edamame potstickers were creamy and delicious. The lobster egg roll was crispy. Entrees were good too. Cinnamon desert with cinnamon ice cream, was cinn-full (heehee). not too noisy, spacious, nice lighting, great for a date.The interior of Buddakan is pretty cool, especially the banquet hall; all in, the interior is this spots greatest asset. Otherwise, the food is alright. Our group of three had about a dozen dishes, so we definitely had enough food for a proper sampling. (Do you ever have a few drinks and just keep ordering food, as if ordering one last dish will find a cure for cancer?) Honestly, none of the dishes really stood our as being special. Everything was fine, but nothing to woohoo about. Although, the Crying Chocolate dessert was worth the calories. I'd probably come back here with a group of friends if they really wanted to go. (You'll eat there and like it!...I can hear one of them saying.) Buddakan reminds of Perbacco in San Francisco (in the way that most people like it, not in atmosphere or food style), I keep waiting for someone to explain all the raves to me.I was suprised to find that as sexy and cool this restaurant was the food was at par. Usually in a chic restaurant the food is not good at all, but the overall experience was quite fabulous.  Now.....If you are pressed for time or hate waiting... I warn you that you will wait at the bar for your table.  I did not mind waiting in fact it added to the fun of the night...the drinks will run you at $12 which is pretty reasonable compared to $20 drink I have paid.The service is not great....Our waitress was not personable at all...what would you like type of attitude.  Again if you are with friends and having a good time you will not care if the waitress becomes your best friend, however, when rating a restaurant I feel that this is important.There are 2 bathrooms for this monster sized restaurant so be prepared to wait 20 minutes at times.   Food...The most important is pretty fabulous!  We had Pork belly buns which were incredible...Scallion Pancakes...just okay...General Tso's Dumpling...delicious...Wild Mushroom Chow Fun Noodles...very yummy....Szechuan Crusted Ribeye..could have done without it....Clay Pot Chicken...very very tasty....Lobster rice...I have had a lot better...Ambiance....Fabulous! LOVE LOVE LOVE IT.OMG! So good. Went with 3 other people. Ordered too much so we could try everything. Nothing was bad... Nothing. So good. Pricey, but worth it. Try everything.First the great imposing doors - then you walk in on a Sat. night with a reservation and you check in at their hotel-like lobby and the cheerful women at the desk ask you to step up to the lounge area while they prepare for you. OK - so there are about 200 people in the lounge area and you wonder how in the world with their ambiantic mood lighting - would they find everyone their looking for. So we had to ask one of the women how do they know - I was a litle more creative and thought they would draw little pix of you and ur party - or obviously if one was fat - they woul have little round figures, etc. But nope - the girls at the desk are speed typers and when we were found and seated at our table, we had to ask what our description was - they were on point! Man white button down with paisley sleeves - woman, striped strapless dress - "Hot Couple" ! Wow, nice touch! Next the food - just take my word for it - the shrimp toast that I think is newer to the menu is fantastic. The tuna spring rolls were ok - not bad just not great. The lumb crab fried rice is always exceptional! And if your looking for a nice Malbec by the glass, the Jelu is a no-brainer for $10 a glass. Their wine menu isn't too bad either if your opting for a bottle. My wife loved the Charm (some Prosecco mixed with raspberry's and Chambord). Our waiter was a little lost - I think he had too many tables to serve at one time on a Saturday night, but other than that - another great meal at Buddakan. You can't go wrong.I went there last night to celebrate a couple birthdays with friends and we had a GREAT experience! First we all had a few drinks at the bar while we were waiting for our entire party to arrive, and they were so yummy! I had 2 "Crave" prosecco cocktails, which were fantastic and strong. Perfect for a Monday night after a long weekend :)When everyone finally arrived we were seated, all 12 of us, at a perfect table downstairs next to the big dining room. It was nice and cozy and we had our own little area. We decided to just order a bunch of things served family style since we were such a large party. My favorites were the beef scallion pancakes, the edamame dumplings (very different, but delicious!), the lollipops (i forget what was in them, but they were bursting with flavor!) and the peking duck. Really, everything we ordered was fantastic. The calamari salad dressing was so yummy and the filet of beef was juicy and delicious. It was the perfect place for a dinner party, and they handled the big party very well! Our waiter did a great job keeping our wines glasses full and making sure we had enough food so that everyone could have a taste of every dish. I will definitely be back for another special occasion! The decor was beautiful, and since its so dark in there you really feel like you are in an alternate universe. Highly recommended!Not really my cup of tea... first off its extremely dark in there, second the food wasnt anything worth talking about, third the Sake was really good...lolI'm really into the appearance of a location and if the place is too dark, and i'm not at a freaking club- i'm totally turned off. In my opinion there are better restaurants out there-so keep searching!Now you officially have the Supreme Touch!I am only giving a three star because the best part was the decor.  Drinks are not bad. The food was just OK. I was a bit disappointed. I should've just went to china town and order almost the samething for half the price! Plus the food from china town taste better.Their other location from philadelphia, pa is actually better! Drinks and food was great! They have a different menu.Things did not start out well at Buddakan for me. We had a reservation at 10 on a Saturday night and were not seated until 10:40. The bar area upstairs was super crowded and it was very tough to get a drink while we waited, so I was not a happy camper.But, as much as I wanted to hate it, the food was REALLY good and the space was quite beautiful. We had out of town guests and they were very impressed by the place (minus the wait). We had the deviled tuna tartar - YUM, the pork bellies - again YUM (but I don't think you can really mess up pork belly), the calamari salad was great and the edamame dumplings were also very tasty. Then for mains I had the filet of beef - I am still dreaming about that sauce! And the scallops and shrimp dishes we ordered were also superb. Bottom line, I would go back and am hopeful that I wouldn't have the same problem with waiting for a reserved table.Stayed in the meat packing district on a business trip!  Had a huge business group at Buddakan.   Enjoyed the food, the service and the atmosphere! The "dramatic" "Harry Potter - like" main dinning area was pretty cool!Recommended!Headed to the city for my birthday, I made rezzie at Buddakan for my birthday dinner. That place reminds me of the Buddha bar or the Bar Lotti in Paris. I want to order everything on the menu.  Sadly my friend is allergic to seafood and shelfish and the sauce they use for 80% of their dishes contains shellfish.. bummer. She's pretty limited. I, on the other hand, would like to try it all. I go with the pineapple eggplant cashew tofu. AMAZING. Top if with a couple of white zin glasses and I'm ready for desert. The waitress comes in with a special peanut butter mousse birthday desert... OUTSTANDING!! Though she definitely was neither friendly nor helpful throughout the night, I'd forget it all for that peanut butter mousse....Yes Yes the place might be a little trendy and you're paying for it, but, in all honestly I had great food, great cocktails, met great people. A total different vibe from Cali! LOVED IT and recommend it!This establishment on the corner of the Chelsea Market gets five stars for decor and atmosphere but three stars for the actual food. The decor is a fusion of the Asian influences and classical European styles. Probably one level below the Budda Bar a few blocks down in the same area.The place on the weekend is packed by meatpacking district roamers and out of towners. Which isn't a bad thing, it just means that the crowd is usually well dressed for a night out on the town. (Think sex and the city vibe) However, the Asian fusion food is somewhat average. I honestly believe people go for the atmosphere rather than the actual food.The one highlight of the meal is the dessert selections. The desserts are almost perfect and shouldn't be missed if you do come here for dinner.You want a trendy place with beautiful decor that actually tastes good? This is the place for you.If you say to yourself "I want to go somewhere trendy for dinner where I can see celebrities!" don't sacrifice quality for decor!  There are so many places in the city that have a sterling reputation for some weird reason (Tao, Spice Market) that just don't deliver on serving great food along with a trendy ambiance.Buddakan is not in the same vein as Tao or Spice Market.  This is first and foremost a place that consistently delivers great food, and really is the total package if you are looking for ambiance, decor and a delicious meal.  This place is huge, so this is highly recommended for big groups.  Each room has a distinctly different atmosphere to it, which really adds to your experience.  You can dine at Buddakan 3 different times and feel like you've been at a different restaurant each time.Highly Recommended.Love me so Buddakan!Sitting:I have sat at one of the shared tables at the bar.  Great little spot to have appetizers and some drinks.  Worried about not having enough "SPACE?"  Don't worry the people are usually super friendly.   Absolutely fabulous for people watching!  I have also had dinner at a table downstairs.   I am not sure I would recommend it.  They layout and decor is a bit odd because it is more french then asian in the dining room.  I guess for a party of big group it would be great because you are isolated from the rest of the restaurant.Food:LOVE LOVE LOVE the heirloom tomatoes salad...also a huge fan of the vegetable rice and charred filet of beef.  If you are looking for a fish option the steamed sole is tasty.  I would absolutely recommend this berry dessert.. I think it is seasonal, which is a bummer but if they have it.. get it!!!Crazy cool interior - it's worth checking out the main dining room. I'd like to know just how much cash the owners droppped on that rennovation....The food is delicious but certainly pricy - the edamame dumplings are quite a unique experience and the Black Cod was mouth watering. If you're with a group of discerning foodies with deep pockets, this is a great spot. It's a bit of a ridiculous scene though - when I was there, a racuous group of pre-teens had gathered for a friends birthday. All of the prepubuscent girls were decked out in designer duds. The youth of Manhattan grow up way too fast!When I first came here a few years ago I thought it was pretty damn excellent. We went crazy with the cocktails and tried a million small dishes and whiled away the hours without feeling rushed. The waiters let you flirt with them.Lately I've been feeling less than impressed. First it was the clientele. When did all the people from New Jersey and Long Island start flooding into this place like it was the ark that would save them from the flood? Then they must have fired their mixologist, because the cocktails still have fancy names but they taste wrong! A good cocktail is one that goes down easy, but I could barely get down half a glass of the new swill they are passing off as designer drinks. As for the food, well, each time I visit i lower my expectations for the next occasion accordingly. The menu is consistent, but the taste isn't, and that is bewildering. Some dishes are overspiced, some are undersalted. It's like they decided to hire the busboys to do the cooking. This place is no longer fun, and if someone suggested returning, I would most likely pass. There are so many amazing places in Buddakan's league that would be better bang for my buck.This place has been on my list for a while, went here with a bunch of buddies after a car event.I suppose that my experience with this place was made that much more amazing because my friend that came with us comes here regularly and ordered our meal for us (family style.)It was a great time, the waitress was accomodating to our many many requests (I believe we had a group of 20-30 and I'm sure it's hard to serve that many efficiently.)Now here's the kick, being Chinese, I've never had Asian Fusion I enjoyed until I came here, the food was delicious, everything we got was great (albeit this can be because my friend ordered family style for us, but we did sample a lot of stuff, so I'm just going to go on the assumption that this place is just that awesome.)It's not going to be as good or as cheap as the hole in the wall cha-siu (roast pork) spot down in Chinatown, but this is NOT what it's meant to be. It pulls off exactly what it's supposed to be extremely well.I will definitely be returning here (and hopefully soon)First time for everything. The layout is huge, they have to do over 600 covers or more. The hostess are lined up infront of their computers, at first I thought we were in a hotel. We got a table in the lounge, where the full menu can be served too. This place turns there table, so if your look to take your time, don't go here. We honestly ordered and 4 minutes later the food was up. They bring it out one by one, whatever is up is coming to your table. Very fast service. Betsy was a great help! The Food:Shrimp Dumplings: (5) served with a spicy soy sauce. Mushroom and Sugar Snap Peas ( a highly recommendation)Scallions Pancakes with braised shortribs: The taste overall was good, but I thought they were to greasy. Atmosphere: Dark and SexyI'll need to come back to try more, give myself a better impression.Let me preface this review with the fact that I am biased towards Stephen Starr restaurants.  Had a reservation and like all trendy restaurants you have to wait a little bit before being sat.  Had a drink at the bar with a friend and within 15 minutes our table was ready.  The place looks awesome.The food was phenomenal, I dont really remember what we ate but everything we ordered (recommended by the server) was awesome.  Anyway, I highly recommend this place for special occasions or an expensive dinner.  Right in the middle of meatpacking district so its easy to go out to a club right after... SAWEEET!I went back in June 2010 and still have the experience on my mind! It was THAT good. My boo planned the entire ordeal and let me say I was WOW'd!.We had reservation for 7--after work crowd...very crowded but not overwhelming. We were seated right away...downstairs in a very cozy dim lit table. Our server was great and seemed very genuine abt the menu choices etc. I had the duck for app(wasn't bad as this was the 1st time I had duck) and sweet n sour chkn for entree--very good!The decor is really nice and the place is huge! Definitely doesn't look that way on the outside. If you are looking to impress someone and wanna enjoy some really good food, this is the spot to go!For those of you who are not aware, Buddakan is the restaurant where they filmed the rehearsal dinner of "Carrie and Big" from Sex and the City Movie.  It is located in the Meatpacking district.We had made reservations for 8:45pm.  Upon arrival, we were escorted to the bar.  The "bar" area is quite nice.  There is long bar on one side of the room with bar stools and in the middle of the room there are large square tables with benches that are meant to be shared with other customers as you enjoy your cocktail.  The bartender was extremely nice, she made a very good cosmopolitan Martini for us (Didn't taste strong, but once finished, you felt the effects).  The restaurant is beautiful and very large.  It is a 2 story building where you can see the first floor from the second floor.  The decorations and the candle light lighting were perfect.   After a few drinks, we were escorted to our table on the first floor.  The service was exceptional.  The waitress was extremely knowledgeable about the restaurant as well as other restaurants from the same Chef.  Appetizers- Lobster egg rolls were fantastic!  Pork pot stickers were also very good, but nothing out of the ordinary.  Main- Lobster fried rice and Sizzling Short Ribs were delicious.  We also ordered the Shacha Chicken-I don't love BBQ so I may be partial, but it was OK.  Nothing grand about it.  Dessert- Peanut Butter Bar!  Delicious!!!I've been here several times and it is always the same story. Make a reservation and you still wait 20 minutes for a table. Thankfully, the drinks are made well and provide a good match to the food.Once we were seated it was smooth sailing as the food was fast and tasty but nothing Mind blowing. I did enjoy the fried shrimp and tuna tartar but most of the creations i've seen before.it all tasted great but again the same flavor can be had at most other far east themed places. I left full and with a buzz and an overall happy camper.This place is one of my favorite!!! Ambiance is SUPERB, presentation SUPERB, food DELICIOUS!! The set up alone will want you coming back for more! I love this place.  The general tso dumplings are a must have as an appetizer and the snapper was a great main dish also. My husband had the shrimp and loved it! All in all I would recommend this place and cant wait to go back.Note: the book up fast, ALL THE TIME and waiting to get a table can somewhat be a painWhat can I say.  Probably one of the best meals I've had.  From service (by our fantastic server Janette) to the atmosphere - the whole experience was wonderful.  A group of friends and I traveled to NY and made sure to include this in our itinerary.  Originally there just to visit Dale from Top Chef, we were awed by the décor - modern, but cozy and the whole place had certain warmth to it.  We had drinks (from their extensive cocktail list) by the bar as we waited for our table and within fifteen or so minutes we were seated at the downstairs dining room (remember Sex and the City clip of Carrie and Big's engagement party).   A party of 6 food enthusiasts, we opted for the prix fixe menu which consisted of family style dishes.  Luckily, it was pretty easy for all of us to agree on the type of menu - the one with the most food and the best choices.  Every single dish we had was delicious!  From the edamame dumplings (which are a must - thanks to our server for packing us a little box for a late night snack) to the beef with brown butter sauce (if I did not have manners, I would have drank the butter sauce if not asked for a jar to take home with me) - nothing disappointed.  I must add this in though - although I say nothing disappointed - the dessert didn't wow any of us, but it may be because the courses prior to dessert were just so good that nothing would have compared (unless we repeated the whole dinner again).  Once we got the bill, it was as expected - large.  But, unlike most of the places I've been to - I felt that the whole experience and meal, were well worth it and I would not hesitate going back again (even if that means hopping on a plane cross-country).  It's a must for anyone visiting New York. Must trys: edamame dumplings, steak with brown butter, lobster eggrolls, spicy crabExpensive and way too scene - y, but literally everything on the menu is ^&$##^# amazing. Notably:Edamame dumplingsFilet of beefCalamari saladTuna tartare "fried" springrollsCrying chocolate cakeI'm obsessed with the drink they make with oolong tea and vodka - but I don't rememeber the name.I go here all the time when I'm feeling decadent.My friend and I ate here in September '09. Yes, a delayed review indeed, but better late than never, right? Anyway, it was our first time visiting New York and we only had a couple of days so it left us with a lot to see and do, but with very little time. So we decided to eat at least one nice restaurant while we were there. We went on the Sex and the City tour and our guides took us here. (Carrie and Mr. Big's rehearsal dinner party). They had some available tables for the same evening so we jumped at the chance to RSVP.Even though we had reservations, we still had to wait between 30-40 minutes. It was really busy that it was hard to even get seat in the bar area. Aside from that, the decor is amazing and the food was delish. I can't recall exactly what we ate because it was two years ago and we were so hungry that we dug in as soon as the plate hit the table. Don't worry, we did it in a classy way lol. Mind you, we were hungry from the waiting, but from a long day walking in the cold, rainy city. One of the two nights we had a nice place to go, it was the night we went here.Anyway, the prices were what we expected them, but it was well worth it as I recall.Absolutely hated the food here. Was disappointed as had heard so many good things about this place!The cocktails were delicious and we sat at the bar while we waited for a table as it was very packed and we'd made a late reservation for a table (on the same day). Appetizers and entree were not to mine or my sisters taste. We ended up leaving most of the food. The mixture of flavors did not blend well together. Maybe it was just an off day but I definitely won't be coming back...one bad experience is enough for me!I will admit I was skeptical of Buddakan because, well, sometimes trendy restaurants don't measure up. But, wow, this place is really good.I can fondly remember just how scrumptious the edamame dumplings, broken chili chicken and black cod were. I have eaten many items from the menu but those definitely stand out as my favorites.Now that I am gluten free, there are only a few things I can eat but I generally go for the black cod without the sauce. Memories.....The drink list is nice and the service is great. I like to bring friends/family from out of town here for dinner, always a good time. Make sure to make a reservation!The interior space is very cool, and the food was delicious - not quite 5 stars but pretty damn good.  The chilled udon noodles with lime sorbet and peanut sauce were my favorite.We got there right on time for our reservation and were seated pretty much immediately, but next time I will go a little early and lounge around the oh-so-cool cocktail bar like a real fancy pants.This has been my go-to fave 'classy comfort food' place for the almost-4 years i've lived in NYC. Literally every time I want to feel good, eat good, and sip on delish cocktails I go here. I think some menu items are better than others, but ask the waiters, there's so much variety that they'll help you narrow it down to your taste or mood.My 2 food faves: I LOVE LOVE LOVE the edamame dumplings. melt in your mouth delicious but it comes with only like 5 so usually get 2 and split with people (I've attempted eating 2 whole orders of it myself but it is kinda rich after 6 of them). Next, I LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE the chilled udon noodles with lime sorbet, cashews, candied ginger, snap peas. They're totally carb-licious but in Summer (or Winter or Fall or Spring really haha) they're refreshing and you don't want the dish to end.Drinks: I used to love the Ember, now its the Fever.... or the other way around? Either way the spicy-ish one is tasty. Also, Fate is a fresh yummy cocktail.Ok I might have to go again this weekend...I know I will sound like Carrie Bradshaw for saying this, but I don't care. I LOVE BUDDAKAN! It makes me want to put on a sexy dress and really high heels, drink expensive cocktails and eat Asian fusion food while gossiping with my girlfriends or oogling my really hot date. The scene is definitely sexy. The big black door makes you feel like you're entering a club when you first go in. And get ready - you essentially are in a club anyways! When you go in, you're greeted by a blast of music, a dimly-lit chic space and tons of good-looking people who are dining and drinking.The hostesses will be on your right and will likely encourage you to hit up the big bar behind you. Definitely recommend ordering a cocktail (I had the Tranquility) - they are great! There's also a pretty serious wine list for those of you out there :)The food does not disappoint either. So often with 'sexy' restaurants, the food sucks. Not at Buddakan! I highly recommend the crab sticky rice (if you're asking yourself 'is this worth $20?' the answer is YES!). We also got the broken chili chicken (very flavorful and not toooo spicy), rock shrimp and scallion pancakes. All were excellent and my date and I quickly devoured them.The restaurant is HUGE. Very good for groups and yet surprisingly ALSO good for  dates. For tables of 2, I'd recommend sitting upstairs (fewer tables, better service). For large groups, sitting downstairs is the way to go - lots of room and bigger tables down there. Full disclosure: Buddakan has been around a little while. Its not quite as brand-new as it once was (I'm looking at you MPD and Villa Pacri!) but I highly, highly recommend it. All your out-of-town friends will be like "You so hip" and all your dates will be like "This place is so sexy".  WINNING!Buddakan SO SEXY! this dim-lit restaurant makes you feel like you are walking into a club. great ambiance and decor. Drinksthe charm - the best part were the blueberries and raspberry at the bottom!the dream - probably the best drink here! it was refreshing & i barely tasted any alcohol ~Foodchili rock shrimp- **5/5** slightly spicy but crunchy delicious yummmmlobster fried rice- ** 5/5 ** probably the best fried rice i ever had. when my boyfriend went to the bathroom, i sneakily took some of his lobster. heheheoverall experience was fantastic. definitely coming back!!We had an 11pm reservation, arrived about 10 minutes prior to our reservation and was still seated. If not, then you can hang out and relax with a great drink at the bar.Pretty good place to eat if your looking for a hip spot in the Meatpacking District.. The Edamame (sp?) dumplings are def a great starter to a wonderful meal.. Don't spend your $$ on lobster rice.. It is literally white rice with pieces of lobster (not the meaty areas neither)..The waiters are definitely attentive to your needs ... If you don't mind the mass traffic inside then this the place to go :Great trendy restaurant, fun vibe, good crowded bar.  Been here a few times and the ambiance is the first thing that comes to mind when I think of Buddakan.  The front bar gets really packed. You'll probably have to wait there, even if you have reservations, so it's not too bad. We've usually been able to find a table, making the wait a lot more enjoyable. The restaurant is massive with extremely high ceilings and Asian-esque decor, dimly lit and overall a really cool place.  Food wasn't as memorable - not bad, just nothing to rave about.  The scallion pancakes were our favorite part of dinner, so definitely have those as an appetizer. All dishes are teeny weeny so you'll have to order a bunch of stuff to get pretty full. Great place for a date night or just a night out on the town.love the Tofu its probably the best thing on the menu!!! ok maybe not but its freakin awesome.  the décor is pretty hip and the eye candy is off the charts. I come here once a week easily!!! great spot!!!Atmosphere is always great, but it's staying the same as 5 years ago I went - I would want to see something new.I never get sick of this place. The food is always great and the drinks are too!Went here for dinner on a thurs night and enjoyed the atmosphere . When you walk in you don't realize just how big the place is till your seated downstairs where there's a beautiful dinning area with very high ceilings. The staff was perfect and attentive and the food was amazing.The ambiance cannot get that much better. I love the layout of this restaurant!It simply breathes elegance AND comfort, which both can be difficult to accomplish.The food was wonderful and the service at the front desk was extremely helpful.Thank you ;)The food is very good...The service was above average...It was a bit expensive for what you get, but I would still go again, just prob. not too often.The interior is exquisite...beautiful craftsmanship.This place still gets me excited. I have been coming here for years and this place still ranks my fave which is ironic since chinese cuisine is my least favorite type of food but that's how good this place is! The resturant is huge yet comfortable, very trendy, just a great space. The edamame dumplings, scallion pancakes, spring rolls, deviled tuna tartare are all great starters. I absolutey love the short rib entree and the black cod dish is to die for. We always get an order of the lobster fried rice and it never disappoints! And no matter how full we are we always get dessert the peanut buter chocolate...heavenly. Love love love this place.The very best mojito I have ever had. As for the food, hmm, it was out of this world.If you're looking for a place with an experience more than unbelievable food...this is your spot.  If you make reservations, don't expect to get your table right away.  We waited 45 minutes before we finally got our table but we didn't mind because we had great seats in the lounge and enjoyed drinks and appetizers to tie us over.  This place is HUGE.  I was surprised to find a place so big in NYC.  Food was good but doubt I would go back.  We had the edamame dumplings as everyone raves about them.  They were great.  The soft shell crab was terrible.  I would suggest the Sole for dinner.  It was by far the best entree of the three we ordered.  The whole experience lasted about 3 hours from the time we arrived to the time we left.  Be prepared to be there awhile.  Overall, it was a good experience.Amazing meal from start to finish...highlights were pork buns and scallops. Service was great. Ask for seat along edge of second floor - great views.Great location. Friendly service. Awesome food! I come here every time I come to New York. The edamame dumplings ant tuna spring rolls are to die for! The cocktails are also really fun =)I would have given 5 stars but some items are overpriced...This place is definitely over rated, probably because it was on some television show in the past.  Anyway to be fair I think that it is some kind of fusion place, because all the Eastern dishes it have must have been toned down for the delicate Anglo taste bud.  It had none of the explosion of flavors as you would get from tasting an Asian cuisine.  Also the size of the dish is very small as expected in any high end place.  My whole Peking duck look like a quail, and it didn't taste anything like you would hope a Peking Duck would.  If you eat with eyes then this place is not bad, if you eat with you taste buds I suggest you head down to Chinatown.When you walk through the doors of this place, it has a very exclusive and swanky vibe although the table decor was rather basic. Small portion size for the money but the food was awesome and light. Great first date or make up dinner place =)Ambiance of this place is great.  Decor is beautiful.  Came with some friends and sat in the main dining hall downstairs.  Our waitress was very friendly and recommended some great dishes.  Edamame dumplings - yumTuna tartar - goodScallion pancakes - really good, definitely order itBlack pepper beef - deliciousBroken chili chicken - meh, I will pass on this next timeAlmond bread pudding - amazing, you have to order it!Like everyone else already mentioned, the decor is BEAUTIFUL...We had an EXCELLENT waiter - attentive, helpful and knowledgeable. The Food...I have to say I was a bit disappointed. The edamame  dumplings and black cod were Delicious, but some other dishes were variations of what i could find in Koreatown or Chinatown.A few examples...Chinese sausage fried rice = korean-style fried rice with eggSweet & crispy jumbo shrimp = giant prawns w/grand marnier mayo sauce, broccoli & walnutsWe had a party of 4, and everyone agreed that the food was great regardless. Our bill came out to about 250 and it was well worth it for the service, food, ambience and experience.One note - make your request for which room you want to dine in when you make your reservation. It's a lot easier if you request it beforehand, than just showing up and asking to be seated there.I think Buddakan is really good, and for a place that does about a thousand covers a night the food is fantastic.I'm really skeptical about mega-restaurants such as Buddakan, because many times I have been disappointed with TAO which after all started this trend. Buddakan manages to impress with its decor, the huge drop for its main dining hall and most importantly its food, I'm writing this review just after my 5th time dining there, and the food is very impressive for the price. I find buddakan a cheaper and hipper alternative to Megu, which I believe in this cuisine is the benchmark. Unfortunately Megu is so expensive it takes a special occasion for me to go there.I recommend Buddakan, for people looking to have a good time, and delicious food.Trendy and nice atmosphere, good food, but pricey.The biggest draw is the atmosphere. It's hip, but still pleasant, and also a little bit stunning in how expansive the place feels (the central areas ceiling's are 2 or 3 stories high).The food was good (I especially liked the black cod), though not amazing given the prices (appetizers ~$12, entrees ~$30, sides ~$10, desserts ~$10), and the portions were on the small side. The food is served family-style though, which is fun =) (at least I think so)The name Buddakan, instead of bringing tranquil thoughts it dances in your head stomping and flaring the imagination.  Whatever your expectations it won't prepare you for the ambiance.  The immense doors prepare you for something grand, but the entry way quickly puts that out to only quickly lift you back up when the space opens up.  Now the bar area maybe impressive but be sure to go and explore the space and going to the restroom is a perfect excuse.Edamame dumplings are a must and a signature.  The food here have intense flavors and have a great range of texture and flavor.  The intensity of some of the dishes will have you taking a break and revisiting but that is perfect when you share multiple dishes.  The drinks are mixed very well here and the staff are attentive and on point every step of the way.I will admit it; I love Buddakan. I know the food isn't to die for, but it hits the spot and the atmosphere is energetic and fun. My fiancee and I love coming here so much, that he got down on the floor one night and proposed. The desserts here are innovative and delicious. A huge plus as I have an insane sweet tooth.Great vibes and great food. Ambient lighting and the decor was very swank but it didn't feel pretentious at all. Each room would be a different vibe and style which was unique. We ordered chili rock shrimp for appetizers, charred filet of beef with wonton crisps & mustard sauce (my most favorite part of the entree! it was to die for) and sizzling short rib with mushroom chow fun & asian pear for entrees. I would definitely come back for some more filet of beef! (Sex & the City movie was filmed here too!)Atmosphere amazing. Food amazing. Service terrible. Our waitress was clearly more interested in her much larger table and potential tip then the glass of a bottle of $85 sake that was ruined by rotten cucumber garnish. Waited near 20 mins to place our order and she could not have been more bored when she took it down. Had to pour own sake through the entire dinner course and saw our server no more than 5 times - waving her down 2 out of those 5.Get it together Buddakan or you will be serving tourists and the pretentious shits who will put up with the bs.I have no complaints about the food. Everything was so good. From the sexy cool decor to top-notch service.Each menu item is very unique and is a twist on asian food. It is elegantly presented.Highly recommend this restaurant. I would gladly go there again and again, if I had lots of money.I am a fan (been there about 10 times) - yet annoyed (each time) - by this place.Here's the good : - the food is mostly great : edamame dumplings, fried rice, lobster rolls, duck & foie gras roll, cod, mongolian lamb chops, ... surprising for an asian fusion restaurant, which, as we know, are crappy in general;- the prices are unbelievably reasonable for a trendy place like this : think 70/head w/out wine including tax & tips, you can wow visitors without breaking the bank ;- the staff is generally nice and super accomodating (which is not super common in trendy restaurants): my gf came in for the edamame dumplings which was sold out...but available again by dessert time, so the waiter surprised us by bringing them for free - left him happily an inflated tip of course.Now the bad : terrible reservation management. I have never been sat at my RSVP time. In 10 times. Which most of the time were late. Request to be sat downstairs have been routinely ignored. It sometimes feel as if they forget that you're waiting in the bar area. And when you reminisce them of your presence, you are promptly sat.I came here for dinner on Saturday expecting a fully mediocre meal in a glitzy and ridiculous restaurant.  I was pleasantly surprised at how good the food is.  The staff was a little annoying, but on the whole pleasant.  And once our server stopped talking down to me as if I had never eaten in public before (literally taking the menu from me and pointing out where the apetizers can be located), we warmed up to her.We got a bunch of small plates to share which worked out nicely for my friend and I:edamame dumplings (the texture is so soft and pillowy, outrageous), mixed mushroom chow fun (earthy, chewy, noodle goodness), hoisin glazed pork belly (a little tough, but good flavor), frog's legs (a little overcooked), chilled udon noodles (very good, mellow flavors, nice spice, but I didn't really understand the addition of the scoop of sorbet on top, it didn't really track with me), the chocolate ganache dessert (was a molten cake, not ganache at all and burned, but the jasmine ice cream was divine), and the donuts (average, they weren't as tender and soft as I wanted, but the dipping sauces were very good). On the whole, this place is beautiful, very sleek, totally over the top, but you do feel like an A lister walking down those stairs into the main dining room.  Perfect when you're in the mood for some unrestrained glitz and glamour.  Which, to be honest, I frequently am...I came here for one of my birthday dinners and basically chose it because it was the most attractive restaurant I had ever seen (via online pictures).  The large room with the stairs and long table is what got to me - this is what my fantasy dining room is like by the way.However my party was seated in a room beyond this one.  We ordered a ton of food to share.  I thought the dishes were decent but for me the decor was the most memorable part of the experience.I went here on a friday night and we were told to wait at the bar until there was a table available. We were seated before we finish our first cocktail, which was great! Service was very great.I had the charm cocktail it was really good!!!!We ordered the boneless ribs for appetizers ..delish!!Entreees were very tasty and good poritons. I  had the lobster rice which a really enjoy and the peanut bar for dessert which was really great . Atmosphere was great, I am looking forward to try other cocktails and desserts.This place exceeds it's reputation. The service, environment, and food are outstanding and definitely worth the price. I actually found the prices to be very reasonable considering the fact that A: The food was served promptly, cleanly, and warm (there was no waiting between courses); B: The alcoholic beverages were excellent and served correctly (my Riesling was served nice and chilled); C: The seating was ample and the interior design was beautiful and romantic. I let them know that it was our anniversary and they served us a complimentary dessert to celebrate our special occasion. I can't believe I walked by this place several times and missed it (the sign outside is very subtle). This was truly an amazing experience we won't forget.Gonna try to keep this short but informative ....We came here for a friends bday .... we had an 6 pm  appt which we were early for and were seated right away. Which was a plus in my book cuz i hate waiting.  Dress code is casual ....guys throw on a blazer or cardigan and shoes. Pros (Scale 1-5)   Decor 5Ambiance 5 Service 5 ConsFood 4 I had the General Tso chicken dumplings .... it was soo good i ordered a second portion. The boneless ribs were great also...Very tender and tasty. The braised short ribs on scallion pancakes were ok. Could ve done without that. The vegetable fried rice was very good along with the sache chicken.The chicken was well seasoned and perfectly cooked.Drinks 3I ordered the "Punch" ...it was ok ... How can u not deliver a home run with a drink called Punch ... hey well they didn't lol smhPrices 3 Prices are high based upon the portions they give you. Overall this is food you can get at most thai and/or chinese restaurants. No way you should be charged over $20 for a chicken dish But i guess your paying for decor ,service and the overall experience ... which were all great, High price and all would i absolutely return for a special occasion ... .One of my favorite Asian Fusion restaurants in the city. Terrific food, impeccable service, and an interesting dim decor makes this spot great for a dates or large group of friends.I've been here a couple times, both times with 6+ friends. The food is served family style so you can sample various dishes (which is a good thing). The menu is comprehensive and offers plenty of options. Some of my favorites are the following: - edamame dumplings (has a hint of truffle oil)- pork buns (great asian flavor)- all of their fried rice/noodle dishes (can't pick one, they're all so good) - pepper beef (on the salty side but still a favorite)- miso black cod (comparable to the one at morimotos)- tuna tartar (make sure you don't forget to incorporate the spicy mayo)- lamb chops (not too lamby- great medium rare)What a beautiful place! the decor is truly breathtaking!Pricey but delicious, the charred beef remains my favorite! My favorite part of the meal had to be the coconut rice..very different taste but delicious nonetheless!Can get really busy but service was great.Buddakan is an exceptional bar Even though the food is a little bit on the pricy sideI enjoy few gin and tonic with my friends hereThis review is long overdue. I was in NYC a few months back on a mini vacation when I came in here for dinner with my cousin. Now I had some big expectations for this place seeing as I always read tabloids and celebrities are spotted in here quite often. Anyway, I was not disappointed. We went on a Saturday night and while it is huge, it was still packed! I loved the whole ambiance.I had the fate cocktail which was delicious!  Highly recommend that for someone who likes something light, fresh, and fruity!Now on to the food. We had the chili rock shrimp. This was outstanding. So tasty I could not believe how good they were! We also had the lobster fried rice which was yummy, but over priced at $19 for rice and a few pieces of lobster. We kept the dinner small because we were eating rather late 10:30 because that was the only reservation we could get. Also, we came mostly for some cocktails.Highly recommend this place to anyone who visits NYC.I love this place!!! If it were up to me I'd just eat her every date night....  Only reason we don't is bc we like to try different places. Great  rock shrimp is great. Edamame Dumplings different but good. Crispy Calamari Saladwas good. Glazed Alaskan Black Cod is amazing.  Yum yum Lobster Fried Rice.  Charred Filet Of Beef awesomeDrinks aren't very strong - dream, charm and virtue are delish..... Gross --Fevermezcal, lime, jalapeño, pomegranatealways a great experience.I was introduced to this place by a good friend of mine. We didn't have reservations and were able to get seats fairly quickly. But I think we just got really lucky that night. I would say that Buddakan is one of the unique restaurants in NY in that it has extremely high ceilings, which was a great change of scenery for seasoned New Yorkers. I also love any sort of Asian food cuisine, so Buddakan was the perfect place to go. We ordered the Spicy Yellowtail Yu Sheng, Chili Rock Shrimp, Minced Pork Lo Mein, Dungeness Crab Sticky Rice, and the Chocolate Cake with Jasmine Milk Tea ice cream for desert. For drinks we ordered a bottle of Prosecco and two glasses of their specialty cocktail, Charm. The food was wonderful. I was impressed. My favorite, was definitely the rock chili shrimp (I can see why that is the favorite of so many different Yelpers) and the crab sticky rice. The desert was also phenomenal. Everything else was pretty forgettable, including their specialty cocktail drinks. The service is what I had a bit of a gripe with. The food took a while to come out and there were many times where we had to flag down the waitress. This has happened to me both the times I have visited Buddakan. I took one star off for this. Ambiance is great. The decor is extremely beautiful. It seemed as if each of their dining rooms had a different theme going on, which I thought gave the restaurant an edge over others in regards to ambiance.I went to Buddakan for the first time with a date. Based on other reviews, I was expecting great Chinese Fusion, chic ambiance, and terrific service. While the food and ambiance were great, the service was surprisingly poor. -Food & Drink (4/5 Stars)Buddakan serves tapas-style Chinese Fusion cuisine. The menu is very modern and offers great options for both meat and fish lovers alike. Of the 6 dishes we ordered, I was particularly impressed with the Edamame Dumplings and the Wagyu Beef.  The Edamame Dumplings are worthy of the high praise they receive on almost every Yelp review - Edamame and Truffle are expertly combined for a truly unique appetizer. The Wagyu Beef is melt-in-your-mouth tender, and has incredible flavor. My date does not eat fish, so I would like to go back to try the other half of the menu. The cocktail list is short but interesting. I had the Solid, which is Buddakan's fruity take on an Old Fashioned. The Old Fashioned is my favorite cocktail, so I usually hold them to a high standard. The Solid was on the weaker side but flavorful. My gripe with the drink (And I know I am nitpicking here - don't hate me) is that it came in a coffee/tea mug. I am no expert on cocktails, but I will say that if I am ordering an expensive cocktail in a restaurant of Buddakan's caliber, I expect it to come in a clear cocktail glass (hopefully with a single ice-cube), NOT in pottery. If you serve a cocktail in a coffee/tea mug that you cannot see through, there is no visual aesthetic whatsoever. It is the equivalent of serving wine in a water cup. You can do it, but that doesn't make it a good idea. Ambiance (5/5)Dark, hip, house music, great spot for a date. Enough said. Service (2/5)Based on other reviews, I was expecting terrific service. However, I was unpleasantly surprised. First, our dinner reservation was for 10:15 PM. Upon our arrival, we were told to wait in the "lounge area" and were not seated until 10:32 PM. While this may be planned by the restaurant, I still found it annoying. I have worked as a waiter in 2 different restaurants. It is really not that difficult to have a table for 2 prepared on time for a 10:15 PM reservation. Second, there were 3 chopsticks on the floor near my table. I stepped on two of them while sitting down, and had to kick them under my date's bench. One of the bus girls commented on the chopsticks, but did not pick them up. That same bus girl had to voluntarily replaced my water glass because it was very dirty. Our waitress did not come by with menu's for 6 minutes. Definitely not off to a good start right?Third, our waitress was nearly non-existent.  We ended up ordering our cocktails from the bus girl. We had to send the bus girl to find our waitress just to order our appetizers. The service remained this way for the remainder of our dinner.Wow, we're from San Francisco, and Buddakan was like SF's new Hakkasan on steroids. Such amazing real estate! We asked to be seated downstairs, in the area of the big communal table. This gave us a birds-eye view of everyone coming down the staircase. We deferred to our waitress, and the selections were awesome. And the bill was definitely reasonable, by NYC standards.Their edamame dumplings are to die for~ Everything else was fine but it wasn't OMG considering the prices. Lobster fried rice was OK. When I go back, I think I'll just try all the different dumplings! Sexy atmosphere and good music. Definitely a place to try at least once in your lifetime.Even with a reservation you wait! They made us wait 20min.... Bad start. To makes things worse, my phone iphone 5, it wasn t some cheap phone.... was stolen in the restaurant .... The manager was rude and obnoxious, wouldn't call the police, "you can call the police!" Right....  Horrible experience! They are only nice when you pay the bill....All the glamor of sex and the city but with the good food of a hole in the wall.Food: we got the tasting menu, which was ravishing.  There were a ton of different dishes served family style, but here are what I liked best:Appetizers:-chili rock shrimp - I don't eat much fried food, nor do I like gelatinous sauces, but this tangy spicy sauce on my favorite protein made for an irresistible combo.-edamame dumpling - strangely intense flavor for a dish made out of one of nature's most subtle beans.  -peking duck salad - pulled Peking duck glazed with hoisin sauce and then topped with rocket, shredded wonton and a perfectly poached egg.  It was divine.  And beautifully presented.  I don't even like Peking duck and I loved this.-the tasting menu came with many more delicious treats, but these were the stand out options.Entrees: (again, commenting on standouts only, as the list of amazing dishes could fill this page)-some sort of butterfly shrimp with candied walnuts that I've only ever seen before in an authentic Cantonese restaurant in Flushing...and that place was so authentic the menu was in Cantonese, so nice to put delicacy to name.-hoisin glazed cod - hoisin is usually fool proof but this cod was also cooked to moist fluffy perfection.-beef and pepper sauce - served in a rice flour crisp basket.  You'll definitely have a second helping of this, if the shrimp runs out.Dessert: of the 4 options, I loved-bread pudding a la mode with a crisped sweet wonton wrapper.-molten chocolate cake - and it was as good as my 2 favorite chocolate cakes in NYC (Jojo and Pastis).  Service: took of a star here.  People were nice, water glasses usually stayed filled, but sometimes they were just clueless.  And given how expensive and fancy this place looks, I didn't appreciate that gy often forgot serving spoons.  Still - amazing experience for my stomach!Ambience:  stunning downstairs area.  It's the type of place to which I would take an out-of-town guest.  It has all that ritzy lavishness that NYC is associated with, yet at its core, the food is truly great.  Very rare that I love a big fancy restaurant but I would come back here!what we ate - preselected variety of starts, mains, and desserts served family style including dumplings (pork, general tso), tuna tartare spring roll, lettuce cups, chili rock shrimp, spare ribs, sesame beef, black cod, chow funi came here for a large team work dinner a while back and really enjoyed our meal. because of our group size we preordered everything including a large variety of items to suite various dietary restrictions (gluten free, etc). everything was served family style and thankfully there was plenty to go around. we had a huge table in the middle of the restaurant which was an interesting and pretty cool set up. it was really loud though so it was impossible to hear anyone who wasnt sitting directly by you. all of the food was tasty! and goodness knows i ate a lot of it!! i was very thankful that i wasnt picking up this tab though as i can only imagine it was a doozy. would come back here on my own tab though for sure, just with a smaller more manageable groupEverything we had was delicious- tuna tartare rolls, edamame dumplings, quail, short ribs, cod.  Very good cocktails, decent sake options.  The service was very good.Great if you are a tourist or fresh out of college. Not great if you are a local, have standards for service, and recognize there are better places in New York.The food and ambiance were good, but I can't say the same about our server, Erik (I think that's his name). I came here for a birthday party on 12/5 with a party of 10. First, the staff was very accommodating even though a few people in our party were late (they won't seat you until your entire party is there). Second, the food was very good- I highly recommend the edamame dumplings, the chili rock shrimp, the mongolian lamb chops, and the tea smoked beef. The meat was really tender, and each dish was unique from the other, as opposed to some asian places where everything tastes like a variation of the same thing. The cocktails were forgettable, however.To start, we ordered 6 appetizers, 4 entrees, and two noodle/rice dishes and asked to keep a menu so we could order more. Erik had so MUCH attitude about this. He said, just so you know, that is only 4 entrees, and you have 10 people. Yes, thank you, I have a postgraduate degree and can do basic math. I really hate it when you order to share at a FAMILY STYLE restaurant and servers get annoyed that you are not ordering an appetizer/ entree per person. So, whatever, we continued to enjoy our meal. I had told Erik that it was my sister's birthday, thinking that, you know like any other place, they would bring out a dessert with a candle in it or something. At the end of the meal, he asked us if we wanted dessert, and no one was into it. And then...he brought us our check. He either completely forgot about the birthday, or was just pissed because we did not order the 1:1:1 ratio. At that point I just wanted to get out there. When our bill came, gratuity was added automatically. Apparently Buddhakan has not gotten the memo that it is now illegal to add gratuity to a bill automatically in New York. Disgusted, I paid (minus the "additional gratuity" they ask for on top of the automatically added 18%). It was surprisingly cheap- $50 a person total, including paying for the birthday girl, but still not worth it to me.I REALLY love this place. I have been at least a handful of times and it's always consistently good. Perpetually trendy, Buddakan has this sexy and swanky vibe to it.The place is massive with seating on the main level (some tables are communal) as well as downstairs. Our waitress was helpful with answering our questions about the wine and food selections. Portions are on the smaller size but we ordered a medley of items.This is what we had:Edamame dumplings---if you have to try anything, this is a must. I've tasted edamame dumplings elsewhere and although good, it doesn't compare to Buddakans. These little pockets of mashed edamame sitting in a shallot broth is to die for.Tuna Tartare--again very good, but similar to tuna tartare I've had at other restaurantsHoison Glazed Pork Belly--this was fantastic. It's more like make your own bun as the ingredients are served on the dish separately. This was very flavorful and deliciousGlazed Alaskan Black Cod---this was fantastic--delicate and flaky. Tasty but not salty--a must try.Dungeness Crab Sticky Rice--this was really amazing. Not a large portion, it was served on a crab shell. Almond Bread Pudding--this was delicious but mainly tasted like banana bread pudding which was fine with me. It was served with a side of whiskey ice creamWarm Chocolate Ganache---decadent and served with a little scoop of ice creamOur meal was accompanied by some good wine.All in all, you'll run up a tab at Buddakan but it is quite the experience.I like everything about it and would recommend for everyone to try it at least once.Very Nice place to eat . I liked everything about it.The food is good, good ambiance, a good variety on the menu...Amazing meal!  I went during the winter and have been dying to go back every since.  The restaurant has a really cool and hip vibe, and it has a really unique design to it.  For my appetizer, I got the edamame dumplings which were outstanding.  The dumpling itself was delicious and the edamame filling was really smooth and had a nice flavor to it.  My sister got the crab soup dumplings, which were a special for the night and she really enjoyed them.  For the main course, I got the mushroom chow fun which was really delicious as well.  It was a decent sized portion so I ended up taking half to go, but the noodles were really soft and the sauce was great. For dessert, I got the crying chocolate cake which was out of this world.  The cake itself was great, but the warm caramel/chocolate center was the best part.Every part of the meal was delicious, and I will definitely be returning here soon!5 star ambience, I loved the decor.  It's dark, classy, and not overly noisy.  The chandeliers in the main dining hall are really something, kind of Hogwarts-esque.  Their bathrooms are really really really dark with beautiful mirrors that you want to take home.  The food met expectations.  There were four of us sharing four plates (three entrees and one appetizer)-Cantonese spring rolls: Yum. Crunchy, not soggy, and the filling was shrimp and chicken.  I thought it was kind of weird how they brought up the appetizer after all the main dishes though.-Tea smoked sesame beef: The sauce was really delicious, and I liked how I could taste a bit of the tea.  The beef wasn't dry, but it wasn't as  moist/juicy as we expected- it was very lean.  Not a bad thing, just surprised us. -Vegetable fried rice: with coconut curry foam.  They do the subtlety well.  You could definitely taste the coconut but the rice wasn't smothered in sauce like normal curry rice.-Mongolian lamb chops: crystallized ginger crust.  I...the lamb chop was cooked great- we got it Medium as our server Edwin suggested (he said they tend to come out a bit raw-er than expected, so medium came out to be perfect).   I don't know if I loved the sweetness of the ginger with lamb, but, hey, try new things right. For dessert...the moscato they have is really good, very sweet (Bricco del Sole, Asti, Italy 2009)Friends got the Crying Chocolate which was...this lava cake thing with a scoop of espresso (?) ice cream and, we think, coffee grounds? It was yummy, wasn't anything astonishing, but presentation was pretty.  The cocktails were generally pretty good across the board. The Solid is good, strong, but if you want something juice-y, the Dream is good.  Service was great, no complaints in that department. However. Come prepared to spend an exorbitant amount of money but leave not completely full.  Portions will probably not be filling if you come with a large group.Great  ambiance!  Had a a Gossip Girl like crowd, but i can dig it. I felt like an A-lister!Came here with the hubby for our anniversary.  Place is great. The space is big and sexy.  The food and drinks are delicious.  We got the edamame dumplings which were light and tasty.  I got the cod and hubby got the short rib and dessert. We both enjoyed our dinners and would definitely go back.  Its a fun spot for large parties or for just a special occasion for just for two.Beautiful ambiance, great food. Ordered lobster fried rice, pork pot stickers and sesame beef. Loved the atmosphere, perfect for a fun night out.This place is really exactly as it's reviewed. I had a good time. I have been there a couple of times. It's price, there are some serious stairs. If you're not proficient in wearing your heels ladies don't wear a new pair there.We were there for late night eats and drinks. Service can be a little slow so just go directly to the bar!I only been to Buddakan once in Atlantic City. I never knew about it before. so, when i first walked in there and saw this huge Buddha statue and feel like "Wow, such a huge buddha" . It was amazing. but, after i ordered my food and started eating. i felt weird because "OMG, i am eating meat and drinking in front of buddha. he is watching . i should be eating vegeterian, now i am eating all these meat. such a guilt feeling started to build up." i am wondering, anyone feels the same way? or that is just me? buddha = vegetarian (no killing any life).We went to Buddakan with a party of 10 people. We were offered to order family style and we decided to go ahead with it so that everyone will be able to try all the dishes. Everyone liked the food a lot and the variety was good but i think the appetizers could have been either bigger portions or more plates for such a large group of people. Some appetizers were barely enough for everyone just to take a bite.Also, for the money i think it would have been cheaper to order from regular menu and maybe get few extra appetizers for everyone to try.Trendy, popular and convenient.The food is always excellent, the drinks creative and the shared plates are fun to have as a group. The cuts of meat are to die for; the seafood is impeccable and fresh.Service is first class - although they are always in the background, they are not in the way.Love the restaurant! Spectacular decor and ambiance, but most of important of all, tons of great and interesting dishes, which even people who usually prefer the authentic version of Asian or Chinese food like me can really enjoy. The appetizers were amazing. The most memorable ones are Bigeye Tuna Tartare (loved it so much!!) and Edamame Ravioli (my boss's fave, very original). We shared our entrees. As far as I remember, the Peking duck was quite authentic; the black cod was delicious; and the lobster fried rice was also very nice.My drink was either serenity or tranquility. It has oolong tea in it and I had three that night. That's how good it is. LOL!Food decent, but not great.  Price was way too expensive for the quality of the food.  The ambience and decor are interesting, but at this point is tacky.  Price and quality are a fit for a Las Vegas Casino restaurant.  If you go, the only really delicious thing there is the "Fever" cocktail -- which has jalapeno in it.For what it is, it's great (don't go in expecting authentic Asian cuisine). And as long as you keep that in mind, you'll have a great time.The good:- This place is huge, which is normally a minus, but it also means the wait will not be interminable (likely)- Beautiful decor- The food is quite tasty, and easy to share- Can easily accomodate vegetarians - Drinks are relatively interesting and good- Once you get your table, it's surprisingly intimate- Good place for groups- Good sesrviceThe bad:- A bit sceney- Definitely touristyTOTALLY OVERPRICED chinese takeout!!!2 stars for decent service and nice lounge decor. the seating areas inside the restaurant isnt as nice as the lounge.OVER-RATED. I seriously am dumbfounded at how many 5 Star ratings Buddakan has been given.I came here with family friends and heard of all the great things to be said about this place. The decor is stunning, staff was kind and curtious, great presentation, all as expected. The problem lies in the food itself, not one thing I tasted was spectacular. We asked our server what his recommendations were and what the most popular dishes were. He pointed out the edamame dumplings and Tuna tartare spring rolls. We ordered quite a few main dishes and I have already forgotten what they were. Nothing memorable. I do however remember that the edamame dumplings had a bean paste texture which I didn't mind but they tasted bitter and salty. The tuna tartare spring rolls were ok. Everything else was mediocre. My lunch appetizer from Nobu was better than everything I've had here that night for dinner.Regarding Pat P. and his comment that one of the Chefs (Sous Chef Dale Talde) has been a contestant on that show Top Chef. Big deal? Some of the contestants on that show haven't even been to Culinary School.Food-Wise, Buddakan gets 2 Stars because the awful taste of the edamame dumplings still haunts me and the rest wasn't worth remembering.I loved the edamame dumplings and the black cod, as well as the almond bread pudding.  We had some specials because it was the Chinese New Year, the suckling pig (which was great), and the golden sesame custard thing (just ok.)  The calamari salad appetizer was my least favorite thing (just some batter-fried calamari tossed in a mixed greens salad).I had a drink called Fate that was amazing, too (prosecco, elderflower, pineapple juice).  The drinks are fun combos, and go down super easy.Very striking rooms to dine in, always gratifying not to be elbow-to-elbow in nyc...Definitely a work account kind of place, or a way to impress out-of -towners.  Definitely not disappointed, but more about the experience than the actual food.  Service was very, very attentive and friendly.Came here for my last birthday and had a blast!Food is excellent! Almost family style main courses made to be shared. I suggest this place to all my friends and they rave about it as well.Love the drink called "SMASHED" =)So after years of wanting to go to Buddakan, I finally did ! I took my boyfriend there for his birthday and we both loved it! Upon arrival, you are greeted by the friendliest staff [looks like you are checking in at a hotel]; they kindly told us to have a drink in the lounge area, our table will be a few minutes. By the time I opened the drink menu, she had come to scoop us away to our table! That was a plus.I was a little disappointed when she kept walking us past the stairs [The downstairs is so beautiful, I was hoping to sit down there]. But we still sat in an OK area. [The ambiance wasn't as nice as downstairs though!]For drinks, I had a glass of Prosecco and my boyfriend had a Fever, which consisted of Tquila & jalapenos -- a bit of an acquired taste for some, but we loved it! [I say we because of course I drank some of his :) ]After reading so many reviews, of course I had to take others advice and try the edamame dumplings -- OUT OF THIS WORLD! THESE WERE BY FAR THE BEST THINGS I'VE EVER EATEN!We also shared the hoisin glazed pork belly which was a gorgeous presentation with spicy shallots, cabbage, and steamed buns -- also, AMAZING!! The appetizers look small at first, but are filling for two to share!Unfortunately, I wasn't as impressed with the entree as I was with the appetizers, but still tasted good -- I had Alaskan Black Cod; he had broken Chili Chicken [-- beer battered with yummy chili sauce].And lastly, for dessert, we shared a Chocolate Peanut Butter Bombe -- he loved the chocolate, I loved the peanut butter -- it worked out for both :)So I only gave it 4 stars for the fact that we didn't get to sit downstairs and because the entrees weren't as great as I expected. But I will be back to Buddakan and definitely try something else for my entree!Hmmm....I really want to like Buddakan...and I kinda do...just not for the food.....I've been there a few times, most recently Saturday night for a friend's birthday.  We had a reservation for 7pm and by the time we ordered a drink at the bar, our table was ready and waiting.Pros:-The restaurant is plain gorgeous.  Super sexy looking people (and servers - helllooooo!), great lighting, cute little rooms off the main dining area downstairs, I'll take it.-Drinks were strong-Our server was amazeballs - he's the reason for the third star.  Cons:-Umm....I don't know how to put this nicely.....but the food really isn't all that great and I'm not even factoring in the price (as in: this-place-is- expensive-so-the-food-should-taste-better).  Ouch.On the recommendation of other Yelpers we had:-Chili Rock Shrimp - spicy fried shrimp.  You've had this before somewhere else.  It was...fine.-Edamame dumplings - umm...it was ok.  It's edamame so......-Cod - it's true, it melts in your mouth - that's a whole lot of buttery goodness.  If you take cholesterol meds you should not order this.-Monk fish - fried....very spicy....but....mehh.-Long beans.....they were....good.-Veggie curry rice - One of the few edible items I was truly happy about - OFF THE FREAKING CHAIN good.  I don't even have words.  The curry foam was just....ohh boy.We definitely ordered way too much food.  For 2 pple they recommended 2 apps, 2 mains and 2 sides.  Ree-dunkulous amount of food.  We didn't have room for dessert but our cutie pie server brought over a birthday surprise of coconut sorbet and pineapple.  That and the curry rice were my favorite things.In a nutshell, we're paying for the ambiance/atmosphere/sexiness, whatever you want to call it and I'm ok with that.  Wouldn't take my foodie friends here but not a bad place to hit up for pre dinner drinks.Buddakan is good, but I don't think for me. My best friends were coming home to visit me in New York and it was one of their birthdays and we're both huge fans of Top Chef and remember that Dale used to (does still?) work there. So why not?The restaurant is GIMONGO which you might not expect from the outside. We felt a little out of place while there. We were dressed up but felt a little younger than most everyone there. The hosts and staff were all really pleasant, especially our waiter (who looked a lot like an Asian Chris Brown) who walked us through the menu and gave us great recommendations for our first time there.The food was good, but I can't help that it's just like a really upscale Chinese joint. Not to say that 's a bad thing, but it just feels a little weird. I think even I could afford it, I don't know if I'd go back a whole lot.The decor is very dramatic and trendy. Buddakan is a great place for a group; it has a great atmosphere and the food is perfect for sharing. A great place to bring people visiting NYC.I have been here twice, once with family and once with friends and each time was a very nice experience.The portions are a good size, the service is attentive and the food is pretty good.Beautiful atmosphere; delicious, finger licking (literally) menu selection, and enjoyed frog legs for the first time...delish!Our waiter had a sarcastic, enjoyable personality which made our experience at Buddakan even more memorable.1) Food :  Rating 4 (above average)a. Tasting Menu was amazing. Bold favors and good portions. 2) Service: Rating 4 (above average)a. Overall good service. Waiting staff was attentive and courteous. 3) Overall Experience: Rating 4 (above average)a. Overall experience was great. Bold favors and great service. Would go back and would recommend to others.WOW. First of all: the decor is BEAUTIFUL. My boyfriend brought me here on Friday and we had a wonderful dinner. We had the edamame dim sum as an appetizer. Very small portion, but VERY delicious. I only wish there was an even amount on the plate. We fought over the last pieceI had the Kung Pao Monkfish for my entree. it was unreal. We had reservation for early evening and didn't have to wait long at all. Just enough time to get a drink at the bar.Attention fellow Celiacs: I know this place doesn't have a designated Gluten-free menu, but they are extremely accommodating. I booked a reservation on OpenTable, and gave them a heads up about my condition, and the waiter was extraordinarily helpful with regards to pointing me toward dishes that they could make gluten free. Oh, and the food was absolutely delicious, and the place is beautiful. Things got a bit slow, but that was because so many diners were there and the restaurant is so big. The place was packed. Also, if you don't want to take your time enjoying company and food, don't go out to eat. I would love to come back.Food is top notch as well as the service. It is a little loud and dark inside but the tables are intimate and the atmosphere is great! What we ordered: Drinks: Virtue - a flavorful speciality cocktail infused with thai basil, chunks of strawberries and aloe vera - highly recommend! Sake - all their Sake is top notch so you can't really go wrong Food: Edamame dumplings - these were out of this world. I had never had anything so unique and flavorful. If you're a fan of dumplings and edamame - you'll die for these. Charred filet of beef - amazing! The beef was cooked to perfection, tender, juicy and the mustard sauce is killer. My favorite along with the edamame dumplings. Wild Mushroom Chow Fun - typical chow mein noodle. Very good, lots of garlic. Lobster fried rice - my least favorite of all our dishes, rice seemed a little bland. I would recommend a different rice, don't order this just because of the lobster. The lobster flavor is lost in the rice. Overall, amazing restaurant, can't go wrong!Great atmosphere, spectacular Service. BUT the food is hit and miss. Definitely not worth the price.I would give it three stars if it wasn't for the amazing service.Great ambiance, decor and terrific service. With the trance exotic music blasting in the background, this is a great place for friends and after work hang out. Definitely not for family occasions. If you come here with the expectation of dining in an expensive authentic Chinese restaurant, this is not the right place to spend your big bucks at because what you are getting are fusion Chinese dishes.I left Buddakan with a curious and lingering afterthought, the food does not possess great Chinese flavor, some no flavor at all, but the execution of the food is good. Should I rate this based on Chinese foods that I've grown accustomed to or separate ratings with the Asian fusions, overall execution of food or flavor?We ordered based on our favorite Chinese dishes and the recommended meal per Yelp-ers reviews:(Appetizer) Chili Rock Shrimp 4/5Its a spicier version (probably Sriracha Sauce) of Honey Walnut Shrimp minus the sweetness. Its an inspired combo of crunch and creaminess which pops in the mouth like malt. Were it a tad sweeter it would have been perfect for my taste bud. (Appetizer) Steamed Sea Bass 4/5 Closer to its authentic Cantonese Steamed Fish. Probably my favorite meal of the night. Topped with generous helpings of sliced scallions and ginger. The ginger was amazing as it was deprived of its strong ginger flavor and was sweet. The fish was soft as butter and the flavor was top notch and well balanced. Short Ribs 2/5Soft and tender. Served on a bed of flat rice noodle (Shahe Fen or Kway Teow depending in which part of the world you're at). Flavorless. Ma Po Tofu 3/5Unlike your Szechuan-ese  Ma Po Tofu with different layer of spicy flavor coming at you at waves, this was sweet and acidic. Which was not bad. The tofu was cut perfectly into bite size pieces and have great texture. Leaves me wondering if this would make a great topping for a noodle dish. Stir Fry Green Veggies 3/5 Legumes in stir fry are good for texture. Crunchy and savory. I liked it.Lobster Fried Rice 3/5 I'm usually a sucker for good fried rice, but this is way overrated by Yelp-ers. I'm giving it a generous 3 cause I'm too kind for these sort of comfort food. Just standard fried rice with expensive ingredient. Would I come back for its expensive meals? Not by my choice; if I did, its not for the food but for the great hang out atmosphere. But what an expensive hang out place.Fabulous Fabulous Fabulous ! We just came back from my birthday dinner for two. Great service but never made us feel uncomfortable. Excellent waiter: on time, kind, good looking. Delicious food and drinks: appetizers, entree, dessert, cocktails and a single espresso. Finally, two nice Australian ladies sitting next to our table to have a pleasant little chat and take pictures of each other. Ill be back for sure !Delicious delicious delicious.Can't remember everything we got but I actually liked EVERYTHING we ordered, which is rare. The wagyu beef?, comes sliced up for you on a plate, served so it can be shared, is SO GOOD. I had my doubts about Buddakan thinking it would just taste like so-so fancified beautified overpriced Asian food but I was wrong. Its actually really good and all the dishes have some kind of twist to it. Pork belly something dish and seafood/crab something stew-esque in a pot--also fantastic. Tried a ton of different cocktails, all of them tasty.I just wish I could remember all the other things I ate so I could recommend them to you all so you can also taste the deliciousness.This place is really on to something special here.I really enjoyed this place.  From the ambience to the service to the food.  Very sexy all around.  The Mongolian prok chops were to die for.  I would definitely go back here a few more times.Exquisite ambiance and food. One of the BEST restaurants in NYC and worth every penny. The drinks, entrees and desert are all to die for. Would skip the appetizers since they are quite average. The restaurant is absolutely stunning and so is the people watching.Tasty tidbits, trendy too.The place looks very edgy. There are different color schemes in every room and low lighting. We had the scallion pancakes as appetizers which are covered with some kind of pulled pork and those were delicious. We also ordered a tofu, vegetable and one rice dish, which altogether was plenty of food for two and tasted very good. Try the coconut cream rice.Reservations are a Must as they are always crowded.  The dark lighting makes for a very relaxing setting, though. Decor is beautiful. Prices are not cheap but are reasonable for NYC. Only thing I did not like was the edamame dumplings. I love edamame but these dumplings had a very odd and unsavory taste. The Chinese sausage fried rice with sunny side up egg and lobster fried rice were both great as was chili rock shrimp appetizer.  Wait staff was professional, knowledgable and efficient. Put it on ur list when in NYC.Service is great, decor is beautiful, however the food is just ok as far as entrees. I went there last week for the second and ate the beef w/ white rice, it was just ok but the dessert was better. I got the almond bread pudding with whiskey ice cream. The most delicious bread pudding I've ever had.LOVE THIS PLACE! the only thing is the way they do their portions is weird but none the less delicious.I had a great experience at buddakan. I Came here for a friend's bday. The food was delicious and the decor was nicely done. The server forgot my order when he brought out everyone's dinner & I sat there waiting for awhile assuming it would eventually come. Once I notified the staff about 20minutes later, they immediately brought out my dinner. The manager even came over to apologize & actually removed it from the bill. I cannot say enough about the food & service here! There were 8 of us & I enjoyed everything everyone ordered.Only giving this a 3 stars because the food was seriously lackluster. Everything else was spot on. I came here with a group of friends for a joint birthday party that I had with one of my roommates last April (2012). The group was sizable (10-12) and they were able to accommodate us on the long table in the center of the dungeon. I say dungeon because it literally is a cavernous opening in the middle of the floor. Despite this, it makes for a cool eating location because you can look up and see gorgeous stained-glass windows and candelabras hung throughout the main dining room. If you're looking for a good birthday place that can fit a large group of people, taking them here would be a good idea. Just keep in mind that the food is seriously blah-- I hate fusion food to begin with, and this place did not change my usual conviction against fusion cuisine.I decided to give Buddakan a second try. It was definitely a better experience a second time around.The bo bo tasting plate was a real winner, i enjoyed every item.The pepper beef was delicious and tender with top quality beef.The crispy jumbo prawns were cooked perfectly and crispy.My least fave dish was the lobster fried rice, so i think that dish just isn't for me. it's certainly fresh with generous amounts of lobster but i like my fried rice with more spice and stronger flavors.The crying chocolate and yuzu souffle were winners.Drinks and service was great.I would order everything else again except for the lobster fried rice.Everything about this place is fab!Had my 25th birthday dinner here with my group of girlfriends.The decor,food and atmosphere are on a whole new level. The chili chicken, lobster fried rice, rock shrimp, and general tso chicken dumplings are all incredible! and OMG everyone needs to try the crying choc dessert..made my whole week it was so divine! One of a kind restaurant..I fell in love.I always wanted to go to this restaurant when I lived in Philly but never had the opportunity. So I have to admit it was over hyped for me personally. I loved the food but found the setting a little overwhelming. But on the flip side, I was with my mom who loved both. So our combined score would remain a 5 star one.When I finally found the door, and walked in I was a little confused, the entry was very dark and I couldn't tell if the other people in the lobby were the friends I was meeting or total strangers that I was trying to see through the dark.  When our entire party was assembled we were led through the restaurant down a magnificent staircase and into the back corner of another dimly lit room.  If I had been on a date this would have been perfect, for 7 girls I thought it was a little strange...There were some hits and misses with the food, we ordered the Edamame Dumplings that everyone recommended, I really enjoy edamame but the texture was a little strange it was very pureed.  However, the General Tsao's Dumplings were amazing, perfect texture and very flavorful without being overwhelming.  We ordered several different selections from the cocktail menu, everything was good, strong, not too sweet.  For entrees we shared 3 dishes they were all good, the steak was perfectly cooked.  We also got the Chinese Sausage fried rice,  We shared everything and in total split 3 different entrees, 2 sides, and about 4 of the dumpling/tapas style plates between 7 of us and it was all gone!  The plates were not big portions at all so I'd say ere on the side of ordering more than less.BEAUTIFUL!! Such a cool restaurant! Try and sit downstairs but anywhere is awesome! Great food too! Must try!The decor and space is beautiful and ornate. The lighting is very dim giving the place a sultry feel. I went to the restaurant for drinks only.  We were seated immediately and our server was attentive. The restaurant is very posh and a majority of the patrons looked and were fashionably dressed. Definitely dress to impress! The host and security gave the group I was with, a long look from head to toe before letting us in.Love me some Buddakan!  Decor is gorgeous and the food, staff, and drinks are perfect.  Been here several times and am never dissapointed.I can't ever go wrong here, the atmosphere is beautiful. The food is delicious, and the drinks are great. This is a great date spot!Does Buddakan need another review? No. But five days after eating there, I still cannot stop thinking about the edamame dumplings and shredded beef scallion pancakes. This was by far one of the best meals I have had in my three years living in New York. We were greeted by the friendliest bartender in New York when we waited at the bar. She happily advised on cocktails and made a deliciously strong drink for the bf and I -a rich man's John Daly. We were seated within ten minutes of our reservation, and again, greeted by a most friendly waitress who was so attentive it was shocking. The food came out quickly, but upon biting in, it was evident how fresh and calculated the ingredients in each dish were. My bf told them it was my birthday and they came out with a beautiful bread pudding with Happy Birthday in chocolate and a lit candle. Come here, come here, come here!Excellent food.Excellent decor and ambiance.but wow that place is massive.Definitely recommend it :)Great atmosphere. The food is incredible. Pork Belly, Peking Duck and Short Rib are all great dishes.I have been to Buddakan probably 15 times now and it has been 100% consistent every time. This is not where you come with your cool friends, they'll think you're nuts to suggest it. But don't be a snob. Bring your own of town guests here. It's perfect for that. It's spacious, pretty, the food is really good, and the service is always amazing. It feels like an event, especially for people from out of town. I took my parents here this weekend and it was just so NICE to take my little old small town folks somewhere that felt hip to them so they felt "New York" and no one there talked down to them or looked down at them or made us feel stupid. And for those who say it's expensive, I really don't know what they're talking about. 3 of us each had a cocktail, we shared 5 plates I think, we had 2 desserts, and it was $150. You don't get better than this for $50 a head.Everything from the experience, the venue, the drinks,  the service, the food and presentation deserves 5 stars. The rockin shrimp I could burry my face in every night.. and the duck salad is just fantastico.We had dinner here on Tuesday night and let me just say it was fantastic!I will dream about the edemame dumplings for many years to come. The lamb chops were cooked perfectly.I thought Buddakan was reasonably priced...The food is fantastic - I highly recommend "General Tsai's Dumplings". For a dumpling aficionado these are world class. The decor is great. The staff are a bit full of themselves. I'd rate the place higher if the staff would improve their people skills...Beautiful place. Yuppie central. Awesome ambience. Good food.I hesitate to say great food because honestly it could be better. However, all dishes were tasty. The dessert on the other hand was spectacular!! The best carrot-ginger cake ever!!! The servings are on the small side so do order a dish or two more than you'd normally do. Service was fast bearing in the mind the size of this establishment. It is massive! Reservations are a good idea, but as some others have mentioned, they have several different rooms, so try requesting one that suits the occasion.Definitely worth a second visit. But I might try Ajna Bar instead (old Buddha Bar).Wayyyyy overrated but it's still good food. I would say it's nothing special, but the space is enormous and swanky, making it a good date place. It's probably quite fun to drink there, but it's expensive to get really loaded at a place like this. The bar area is right out of Sex and the City, which is either a good thing or a bad thing depending on your preference. It's fine for me as a once in awhile thing.bottomline, it's a fun place to check out for the scene, but don't go there just for the food if trendy, swanky places aren't your thing at all, even for a special night out. You will probably leave disappointed at the food and probably annoyed at the types of people you will be around.Things I loved :)1) lovely lovely lovely decor2) romantic dim lightening3) blackened cod (entree) 4) boneless ribs (SOO YUMMMY !! everyone should try!) 5) tuna tartare spring roll (I am not a fan of tartare, but this was good. plus   tuna tartare inside the crunchy spring roll was something different) 6) food were served family style. CONS :(1) lobster fried rice --too mundane2) it was too LOUD to converse easily. I actually never been to any fancy restaurants this loud with mostly white people (tho this is a chinese fusion restaurant) . But I guess it adds to the family-like atmosphere :) 3) oh and this steak that my friend ordered wasn't too great. it was cold, and mundane.. but it wasn't anything the waiter recommended so...I would so visit here againBuddakan is one of my go to restaurants, especially when I'm with friends from out of town.  The place is enormous, cool layout & design, has a great bar scene, beautiful crowd, and great food.  Everything is served "family style", but the portions are relatively small.  This isn't like Carmine's, where an order of calamari could feed an army.  My advice is to try at least 4-5 apps, and 2 entrees for dinner.  Yes, it's a scene, and no longer the new hot spot it was a few years ago, but who cares?   Went last week with a group of six, and ordered the following:  Edamame DumplingsTuna Tartare Spring RollsBeef CupsSpare RibsScallion Pancake w/ Short RibsMiso CodSweet & Sour ShrimpBeef TenderloinThe sauce that comes with the beef is ridiculous.  I could pour it over pretty much anything, and it would immediately make it taste better. I'm not crazy about the deserts, but I happen to like the sorbet, which is unusual because I'm typically not a sorbet guy.I admit that I am harsh towards asian restaurants. Budakkan offers typical asian fusion food. There are some bright spots, and great food, but the food is by no means good enough to justify the prices. Yes, I think it is overpriced. I'm not one to complain about the price, but I think that Buddakan charges the way it does because we allow it to. Sure the place is pretty, but the service is mediocre at best. We made reservations for 11:45 on a Friday, and we were sent to wait by the bar for 30 minutes before we were seated. We had the edemame dumplings, and I simply do not understand the love it gets here. Maybe my palate is not accustomed enough, but the texture and taste was weird. Salty with some sweetness and mushy covered by mushy served over sauce. We had the short ribs and fried rice, and they were both good enough. Would I go back, no. There are far better restaurants in NYC.I have been here a few times and the last time I came, I was with a vegetarian. Not really having extensive knowledge of the menu beforehand, had I known then what I know now, I would probably have picked somewhere else to go, but, we managed. The menu can be very deceptive as what might appear as a veggie dish, can have meat or fish in it, so any veggies out there, be careful. Scallion pancakes, Cauliflower Stir Fry case in point. We ended up with Wild Mushroom Chow Fun, Edamame Dumplings and I indulged in the Monkish Kung Pao. Food is delicious and served family style which is great. My Monkfish was cooked perfectly, the only gripe I would have would be that it wasn't hot enough, heat wise, not temperature wise. For dessert we shared the Crying Chocolate cake. Oh Good GRIEF! Worth going for that alone! There was a LOT of deliberation as to what to order for dessert as everything sounds bananas good. The Wine list is pretty good and we opted for one of the Pinto Noirs from Oregon. We both had a pre-dinner cocktail also, I opted for Fate, yum and my friend was impressed with his Lush. Well worth it!The decor is amazing and the atmosphere is great. My only gripe was on this occasion we were seated upstairs and almost on top of the table beside us. The waiter appeared ONCE and I had to hunt him down for the check, balck mark for that in my book, big time!This is a special occasion place and very enjoyable.HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE! My friends and I reconnected in NY for a bachelorette weekend and this restaurant was suggested because of the whole Sex and the City thing (should have known better). Our party consisted of about 11. Cool ambiance, we had reservations for 9:30 and were seated promptly, the prices were high (but hey we were there to celebrate), food was OK. 2 of us ordered the lamb chops that came out about 15 minutes after everyone else's food. We finished our meal and asked for the check at about 11pm to continue partying at the next place. However our waiter disappeared and finally returned with the check about 30 minutes after we ready. Due to the size of our party there were several methods of payment and we indicated that on the receipt. He returned with the credit card slips to be signed with about $200 additional on each person's credit card slip making our total bill about $1600 OVER! His excuse was that he "didn't know how to do that computer stuff" (maybe he thought we were going to be so drunk we wouldn't have noticed) Needless to say we spoke to management who couldn't do anything but offer us a round of drinks. We ended up leaving the restaurant at about 2:30 am after all the corrections were made. The party next to us left about 10 minutes sooner because they experienced the same thing. Turned out to be a horrible night for the bride to be : (.Lyndsi and I needed a night out. I go here every now and then, and she had never been.We got seated sooner than we were supposed to.Cod- amazing. Edamame dumplings- I could eat a hundred. Drinks were absolutely fantastic, as always. Good times Buddakan, never cease to amaze.A great fusion restaurant with a killer menu.The food is stunning and presented gorgeously. The food is asian in taste, but different in only a fusion way. It is presented beautifully, and the staff is knowledgeable about the items. The drinks are killer strong and amazingly ingenious!The interior is intimate and stunning in all ways. All around, a great restaurant for a hot date!Their gold star is for consistency. Check:My out of town guests consistently enjoy this place. The ambiance is consistently stellar, somehow it escapes being outdated and it feels like a different experience each time depending on which room you sit in.Check: The menu doesn't irritatingly change every month. My favorites are consistently there(  black cod, whole crispy fish, rock shrimp. I really can't vouch for anything else..).Check: There is consistently good service. For example, a fork and spoon set placed before me for dessert was less than sparkling clean and authentic or not our server seemed appalled as did the manager. I made zero stink, just smiled understandingly and they still comped two desserts for us and apologized profusely. That kind of response should be the norm but it isn't and it's one of those things that makes buddakan special.5 stars for the drinks alone.  I tried almost everyone :) the best.   All our waiters were very nice and attentive.Edamame Dumplings, Lobster Fried Rice, Sesame Shrimp were great, but the Tuna Tartare Spring Rolls and the Asian Green Sir Fry are even better! The King Crab Hot Pot was delic., very filling. There was so much more on the table, all perfectly presented. Of all the desserts the Almond Bread pudding was my favorite.  A perfect place for a nice 4 hour meal with old friends.  You need to go.It's a good Asian fusion restaurant, but there are better Buddakan's elsewhere. I went with a group of (3 others.. 4 total). Here's what I think:I must say that out of the Buddakan's in the Tri-State area, this is my least favorite. Because we're talking about New York City, the portions are small and the food costs much more. Expect to pay around $40 to $50 per person for a complete meal. Some things we ended up getting:Appetizer:- Crispy Calamari Salad - Staple at ANY Buddakan Restaurant. The crispy squid is complemented with a vinaigrette dressing and some crunchy salad leaves. Topped with a few nuts, the dish is an absolute MUST-TRY.- Tuna Tartare Spring Roll - I love Tartares! You have to try this. You will get 3 tartares (However, because there were 4 in our party, the restaurant made 4 for us).Entree:- Sizzling Short Rib - Short rib was a little fatty. Cooked well, but a little tough in some spots. It lacked depth in flavor compared to other menu items. It tasted more like an attempt at Asian fusion. The meat, when cooked, had the consistency of something you'd find at "Old Country Buffet" instead of something from a classy restaurant. I'd probably not get it again.- Glazed Alaskan Black Cod - HOLY SMOKES.. This is one of the best Cod fish I have ever tasted! ABSOLUTELY BUTTERY, MELT IN YOUR MOUTH! I wish the dish didn't end!- Dungeness Crab Sticky Rice - Served to you in a hulled out crab shell, the rice tasted average. The service size is reasonable. If you ordered a few entrees, the rice is a nice side (if you don't want to order brown rice). Flavors were average. They throw in some nice crab meat for you to enjoy. However, nothing too special.Dessert:- Clementine Cloud - A silken vanilla could! It's very smooth. Almost reminds me of a meringue! The clementine and coconut which accompany it are a nice touch.- Sorbet - Asian pear, concord grape and coconut. The sorbets at all Buddakans are top notch. They are made in-house. However, for $10, you get a few small balls of sorbet. If you want to get full off sorbet, I suggest you go elsewhere.The service at the restaurant was exceptional. We originally had reserved for a party of 2, but they were very accommodating in getting our party a table for 4.I'd go again, but not if I was paying. Although some of the food tasted good, the price point made me feel it wasn't worth it. For the same price at either the Atlantic City or Philadelphia Buddakan, you get much more and a larger variety!If you're in the area, and you want to go to a hip and happening restaurant in Chelsea, this is a great place. Has a bar, lively atmosphere and a friendly staff. Give it a shot.Buddakan is awesome. I went with a large party, and we ordered a huge variety off the menu, so we could try almost everything. My favorite was the ginger encrusted lamb. The Shanghai-style soup dumplings were surprisingly very authentic and very, very good. The design and layout of the restaurant is magnificent.My only quibble is thus: it's a Chinese-fusion restaurant, fine, but there's not a whole lot of Chinese-ness to some of the dishes (like the steak with peanut sauce? delicious but not Chinese). I guess it's an unfair criticism but I've lived in Beijing and so of course my standards are going to be unfair.This review is keeping in mind we have been 5 times prior.From the moment of greeting on this occasion, this visit was not set to be a promising one. After being told we had a wait of 25 minutes for our table, yet not being seated until an hour later ........ Throughout this time, there was no communication. The bartenders (didn't catch their name) took a solid 20 minutes to deliver our bottle of wine whilst we waited, "it is being bought up from downstairs Ma'am" was what we were continually told.Once we got to the point that food was delivered, finally a smile was bought to our faces, the food is delicious. However, one disappointing thing was the service. I believe in such a competitive city in regards to restaurants, it is one thing for the food to be amazing, however, without good service, the restaurant is a no go in my eyes. Our server, Gabriel, took 10 minutes to attend the table initially and desert was not even offered at the end. We simply felt like we were part of a production line, no desire to get to know the customer and we could not be off that table fast enough in his eyes. At the end, we left cash and a generous tip, all of a sudden, a very warm greeting "goodbye ladies, thank you so much and hope to see you again soon"Quite simply, I was disturbed by the lack of person-ability and will not be back anytime soon. Never thought I'd say this about this restaurant. Good luck to them and the STARR group.Came her for my bday a couple of weeks ago. We started with the app sampler which was insane and well worth the money. My girlfriend's fish dish (cod, I believe) was also incredible but my short ribs were bland and had to be dunked in hot mustard just to get them down. I would have been much happier had my waitress not disappeared for a good 20min after we received our entrées because by the time she checked on us I had already finished half of the meal. Yes, I get that we are a 2-top on a saturday night but you can at least come and check in periodically. I had to wait over 15min to get my glass of sake refilled and on top of that, it wasnt the kind I ordered . By the time we finished our meal I was too peeved to order desert so we bounced.Maybe we just had the wrong waitress so I'm open to giving this place another shot. Food and service aside, Buddakan is like a palace - huge and beautifully decorated. Now I get what all the hype is about.This restaurant is awesome. Great vibe and atmosphere. Drink menu is stellar and the food is even better. I would trade a limb for the edamame dumplings - they just melt in your mouth. Rock shrimp is also outstanding with a real nice spice to it. Our group of four tried a number of dishes and all were outstanding.Interior space is something to be seen. Food surprisingly unremarkable, tasted just like any other asian of cheaper price.Recently dined at Buddakan during a trip to NYC. First of all, the restaurant is HUGE and has a wonderful ambiance. When we first arrived, we enjoyed a few cocktails in the bar area while we waiting for our table. I highly recommend the "Charm!" Once seated, we ordered several dishes that were very, very good. The tuna tartare spring rolls and the lobster fried rice were standouts. When in NYC again, I would definitely come back!Great food and very attentive service.  Those edamame dumplings were as great as advertized.  Deliscious cocktails and killer dessert.  Only downside might have been the somewhat gristly meat in the lettuce cups.Great food, highly recommended for sharing. We've epecially enjoyed the different types of dumplings and prawn noodles. Service is above average.great food, place and crowdI went here with a fairly large group for dinner.  The food and service was good.  I also liked the interior of this place.  Worth checking out.Yes, I'm a fan! The place is decorated very nice and their drinks are a must have. But my service was a little off. Not sure if I just went on a  bad night. I would definitely be returning!I used to like this place a lot when it first opened, but now not so much. The crowd has changed; all these wannabe people who think they are attractive and want to feel "cool". The service used to be good but that went downhill. Food is still great though.Wow what can i say? I went to Buddakan last month with a friend to celebrate his birthday and i was quite pleased. The decor is phenomenal. The food although it is pricey but quite good. I would definitely come back here.I am going to disagree with most of the reviews here. This place was just ok for me. It's expensive, and really not that tasty. I've had much better 15 dollar Asian meals from takeout. I think you are paying for the atmosphere here, which is lovely...but I prefer my food to be amazing. I had the black pepper ribeye, which was average. I also had the lobster fried rice, which was on the bland side, and the shrimp dumplings were unmemorable, as well. I doubt I'll go back.I am a huge fan of this place.  The first time I came here was with my wife and one of her friends who was in town on a Saturday night.  We had no reservation but they were fantastic about getting us a table in the front.  The food was fantastic and our waitress was great - walked us through the whole menu.  A follow-up trip (with reservation this time) was equally outstanding.  Although it is trendy in style, it avoids the pretentiousness that is all too common in the Meatpacking District.Went here with a big group and got a bunch of apps to share - they were pretty good! My main meal with the black cod and it was amazing. Then for dessert, got a variety but the bread pudding one was out of this world. I'd go back for that alone. However, the food is a bit rich and can be a bit heavy on the stomach.Bestsame as Hakassan... asian fusion and probably a good place to hang and have a drink, eat some food but not really authentic stuff going on hereI'm still full from last night's dinner.... seriously..... Party of 8  - for an intimate birthday dinner...for a very special friend....Love the ambiance of this place... very dark...sexy...warm woods....low lighting....modern design.....and friendly service from the start.....  - Started off with drinks by the bar ("Charms" - ALL AROUND - passion fruit liqueur, apple , fresh berries, proseco.....were delightful....and were on constant rotation for the remainder of the evening). Take note - that my 2nd cocktail - "Tranquility" (citrus vodka, lemongrass infused oolong tea) - was reallyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy good..... Sat at the big table downstairs...which is just awe striking....the room is cavernous...but inviting.....chandeliers....candelabras....very sexy.... if you don't feel like a King and Queen in court while dining at this table..something is wrong with you..... Our servers were so attentive (special recognition to Kevin!!!)... We went with the pre fixe ($80) - as that seemed to be the wisest choice - and also for variety on the table.. They went out of their way for one of our diners who has a shellfish allergy - and her dishes were amended to suit quite nicely....  (Her beef was a winner with everyone who tasted!)....I will not list each dish...but let's just say EVERYTHING WAS DELICIOUS!.. Standouts were the Alaskan Black Cod (OMG)....... lobster egg rolls.....lobster fried rice....Edamame dumplings...Broken Chili Chicken *everyone really enjoyed that.... Peking Duck Salad....(a winner!)....even the Asian greens were awesome..... Desserts were beautiful - and each presented in a way where you didn't even want to deconstruct the darn thing....they were so interesting.... my fav was the Banana Bread Pudding......I would go back for that  - right now.....Every item was fresh....light...flavourful...never heavy....and never monotonous in ingredients...have you ever been so full? but still wanted to eat everything in front of you?  That's how we felt.....We were continually pleased as the night progressed.....and I really can't wait to head back..... Definitely worth every cent.....dollar..quarter...nickel...and dime....... no complaints!!!asian fusion. it's a category of food you always have to take with a grain of salt. obviously, $30 asian fusion dishes are not going to compare to $10 genuinely asian dishes, but if the latter is what you wanted, then shame on you for coming to a place like buddakan.you go to buddakan when you want to celebrate, to dress up, or to indulge. you WILL spend a good amount of green, you WILL get appropriately small (though not too small!) portions of food, you WILL get attentive service, and you WILL be presented with asthetically pleasing dishes.i'm a fan of the decorations and ambiance, though it's a bit quirky, especially the long common table on the basement floor. this ain't no dark and danky basement though, it's all glamour and glitz up in here.food:// edamame dumplings: +// scallion pancakes: ++// chili rock shrimp: +++// sizzling short rib: +// alaskan black cod: +// shacha chicken: +++// lobster fried rice: ++// charred asparagus: ++// almond bread pudding: +++// crying chocolate: +drinks:// 1 tranquility: +// 1 punch: +// 1 solid: ++// 1 lush: ++// 1 charm: +++// 2 triumphs: ++// 2 martinis: ++// 1 hennessy: +++// 1 bottle of moscato: +++4 girls. $400. only about half of which was for food (if that!). yup, just what we were looking for to kick off the night.Since our 1st visit to Buddakan in 2010 my hubby and I return every chance we get.  Most recently we had dinner and drinks in the lounge.  It was a last-minute decision and we were very lucky to score seating on a Saturday night. There are couple square communal tables in the middle of the lounge and small booths throughout.  We opted for the communal seating even though a couple tables were open.  Our friends were meeting us later and it was a much better option.  Plus, it's such a fun & friendly vibe so it didn't hurt to share a table with other patrons.The Edamame Dumplings are still a staple.  We recommend this appetizer to every one we know and they always love it.  Our latest discovery was the Shrimp & Lobster Chow Fun - absolutely amazing!!  One dish I won't order again is the Tea Smoked Wagyu.  I much preferred the Sizzling Short Rib and Black Pepper Beef for a meat dish.2 favorite cocktails - Haze and Charm.  Haze is Buddakan's take on a Lychee martini, except it's made with Sake and Gin.  Very easy to drink and has a nice kick.  Charm is a sparkling cocktail mixed with passion fruit liquor and fresh berries.After dinner, and a few cocktails, my hubby wanted to order a bottle of sake while we waited for our friends.  He did not ask for a Sake/Wine menu and instead inquired if they carried Nigori Sake.  Our waitress said yes and brought out a bottle.  Much to our surprise it was not the same type of Nigori my husband had in mind.  Our waitress assured us that it was a great choice and it's their best bottle of Sake.  I saw the worried look on my husband's face transform.  He's no cheapskate, and we typically order a bottle of wine or champagne when dining out, but he always knew how much they were prior to ordering.  The 'best' bottle of champagne could easily top $1,000 in some restaurants.  Lucky for him, their best bottle of sake was under $100.  The sake was smooth and slightly sweet and he was happy with the selection.  Though I'm sure he was happier when he saw how cheap it was. Moral of the story - always ask to see a bottle menu before ordering. ;)If you want Asian fusion food and/or Dim Sum with delectable cocktails in a stylish and lively establishment then, Buddakan is the place for you!  Prices reflect the entire experience so dim sum options are much more expensive than usual.I knew what I was getting into at a place like Buddakan.  Meat packing, great atmosphere, creative drinks.  But, I was underwhelmed by Buddakan.  The food was nothing special.  The only dish we had that I really loved was the oysters.  And, our waiter made really bad suggestions.  All the dishes we ordered based on his recommendation were bad and the things we ordered despite not getting his stamp of approval were good.  The food was fine, but I was expecting something better.  I really wanted to love it!  I've been to a lot of Asian fusion places and Buddakan was definitely not the best.  I would go back for a sceney night and good drinks, but the food is definitely not its biggest selling point.Absolutely beautiful presentation and detail in every aspect of Buddakan.It's like dining inside a glamorous castle. Downstairs is where it's at. I literally gasped the first time I dined here. You walk down banquet stairs (Think Beauty and the Beast: the formal dinner scene) and in the grand room is a long, long table (for your party of 20 or so, just eyeballing it). The space is gorgeous. High ceilings, sparkling chandeliers and the space is flooded with a warm, golden light. There is a "library" with glowing books, flanked by a bar of the premium kind.The drinks are fantastic (Try the "Fate"- Elderflowers, prosecco and pineapple). The food, although overpriced for Chinese fusion fare, is presented flawlessly and made with painstaking attention to detail and flavor. The Tuna Tartare spring roll is light and crispy, the chili rock shrimp is flavorful and sweet, the boneless spare ribs are tasty and the Shanghai soup dumplings (although extremely overpriced compared to Joe's Shanghai/Ginger) is worth the $14. They are light on the soup but heavy on flavor. I got the Charred Filet of Beef, which was delicious. It was well-made and not too heavy. A friend got the Hot & Sour Scallops, which although were very tasty (trusting his judgement since I didn't dare ask to try), but the portion was miniscule. Only two not-very-sizable scallops. The Sweet & Crispy Jumbo Shrimp was wonderful as well. It was a friend's birthday dinner so we ordered a cake and two bottles of wine, that greatly contributed to $80 per person for an eight person table. Normally it'd probably be a little less.if you're looking for an impressive place and are willing to pay for the atmosphere, then this is a perfect place to go. Cheers.I only have two Gaysians.  That makes me Gaysian poor, by New York standards, especially since one of my Gaysians moved home to San Francisco (the ancestral homeland of the Gaysian).  Anyway, my San Francisco Gaysian is a close friend.  So when he came back to New York, we hung out quite a bit, including a dinner with a decent sized group at Buddakan.So normally if a restaurant is above average in every way except one, I will make sure to mention that one point last, because I know that my reviews are ridiculously long, and virtually nobody reads them in their entirety.  This flaw was so inexcusable, however, that I feel like it needs to be mentioned front and center.  The appetizers, entrees, desserts, wine, and our waitress were all four star quality.  I'm not going to knock off a star for this, but they say that dessert is the course that can ruin a restaurant, because it is the last thing that the customer remembers.  This was true for me at Buddakan, but not for the taste.  The bus boy took my plate, which had chocolate syrup on the edge, and swiped it across my shirt as he cleared it.  I don't know if he noticed it or not, but he certainly didn't apologize.  I couldn't give a crap about the shirt, but a restaurant that is supposed to be upscale...  Well let's just say that I would rather have a meal that was mediocre from start to finish than have a meal where attention was paid to almost every facet, and then one detail was just totally butchered.  Buddakan: Hire decent busboys!Anyway, I usually try to mention in my reviews the exact items that I tried, but our party had about six or seven entrees and about four or five appetizers.  Plus I think that every one of us had dessert.  I would say that the dessert was simultaneously the most disappointing and spectacular (not even counting the chocolate streak on my shirt).  This is because the presentation was borderline museum quality, while the taste of the dessert was fairly bland, with the exception of the ice cream that they included a little scoop of.I'm not an expert in Asian cuisine.  So I don't know what things were, but I had some sort of boneless spare rib that was out of this world (tender and tasty).  I had something that was like a small, chewy fajita shaped thing with maybe pork or something to fold inside of it.  That was excellent, too.  The fried rice was great.  The seafood dishes were very popular with my friends who eat seafood.  I don't remember a single appetizer or entree getting a single negative (or even mediocre) reaction from anyone.  The dessert being a little boring, flavor-wise, was the worst thing that I could say about the food.Our waitress was absolutely awesome, too.  She was very friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive; but still unobtrusive.  Actually, the waitress was probably five stars.  The food was a solid four stars.  The atmosphere, etc. was probably four to five stars.  It was really just the careless busboy that made part of me want to drop this rating to a three star rating.  There are plenty of unemployed people looking for jobs right now.  It shouldn't be that hard to find one with just a tiny amount of work ethic (or at least etiquette) to hire as a bus boy.Asian-fusion places usually give you very small portions but not Buddahan.  That is about the only good thing I have to say.  All portions were served luke warm except for one scalding hot dish and the food was average. Sure the space is great and Sara Jessica Parker was there but the crowd is a bit trashy.  Go to Tao instead.I went here for my birthday a few years ago with my family after we went bar hopping in the meatpacking district. In all honesty, we just wanted some dessert. And oh boy, we were in for a treat. Nevermind the scene from Sex and the City movie, Buddakan is still chic. Tao started to become like Jersey so its best to go to the authentic places in the city now. The decor was so trendy and the service was exceptional. For what Im paying, Im expecting this kind of service.Unbelievable food. You have to try the edamame dumplings, and the short rib on scallion pancakes. The service was impeccable. The atmosphere was super romantic and swanky. Cannot wait to go back!Went here for my birthday dinner:) I have been to the one in Philadelphia two years ago so was anxious to finally try this out. The food here is delicious. You must get the crispy calamari salad and I actually gave in and tried the Peking Duck! Atmosphere is amazing, service one of the best I have had(They sat all of us right away without reservations) and  the food was a perfect ten. I would  recommend coming here during the week instead of the weekend where it can get a bit cheesy!Of course this place is famous for hosting Carrie & Big's famous rehearsal dinner before the wedding on Sex & the City.  I had a delicious meal there and it was everything I expected, pricey, delicious, trendy with a great atmosphere. But doesn't leave you sooooo disgustingly full that you can't go out for a night of dancing afterwards. My fav was the lobster fried rice, the Chile rock shrimp. Drinks are pricey- and that's where they get you. But it's def a MUST in meatpacking!I went here with my girlfriends and it was so packed we couldn't get a table unless we wait for hours but we were lucky enough to find a space at the bar and shared the table with other nice people. We ordered the rocket shrimp some dumpling s edemame and other appetizer size meals and just shared it like family style.  I loved everything that we ordered. The cocktails are steep in price but this is new York so it is expected. Over all, I would go to this place again on a night of the time with my girlfriends.Great ambiance and décor.   Discreetly located. Loved that!  Food was good, but not especially amazing.  A bit on the expensive side, but great for a date.   The service was top notch!  They definitely take care of you.An easy 5 star experience. Buddakan features contemporary Asian fusion cuisine is served in an eclectic setting. Visitors are deceived by the small, almost unmarked façade of this restaurant which opens up to an enormous Baroque style dining room. Be sure to sip on the "Tranquility" drink while you enjoy chili rock shrimp, soft crab fried rice, and a mean almond toffee bread pudding. Keep an eye out for the decor details, they are as unique as the food served here. I will definitely be back to try more menu items and more cocktails!One of the best meals I've ever had. The service was superb, very friendly staff and a very rustic yet modern feel to the decor.  Dungeness crab sticky rice, braised short ribs, chili rock shrimp, edamame dumplings, crying cake and almond bread pudding. The 2 of us ate like a party of 4 - and no shame at all! We were even lucky enough to get a tour of the kitchen! Absolutely loved it!We went to Buddhakan last week as I've been told it's the new Spice Market. There are cool cocktails on the menu and I must admit our meal was FABULOUS....but the scene leaves a lot to be desired. It's definitely not what Spice Market used to be....people were pretty cheesy. If you can get past the crowd and just enjoy the food, it's worth a visit.Came here for a friends birthday dinner earlier in the year. We met in the upstairs area, which was very dark and packed. I think theres was little ambiance music playing. We were placed at one end of the long table downstairs. A party of about 12 people. There was another group dining on the other end. My friend chose this place because they had options for his vegan diet. I dont remember most of what we had, I tasted everyones plates and just knocked back glasses of prosecco. The food was all just ok, nothing irreplaceable or memorable. I do remember though the waiter was impatient and had plenty of attitude for us. Nothing really urging me to return, again it is out of my way in the meatpacking, but if I were to return, I would probably just kick it in the small lounge area upstairs.There's already 90+ reviews for Buddakan so I'm not gonna really talk about the food or the place other than to say I've really enjoyed both on all my visits.Wheelchair Access: This is something I've been meaning to write for awhile and honestly I apologize to Buddakan for not getting to it sooner. Some months ago The NY Times  did a generally excellent article about accessibility and restaurants. I do however think Buddakan was unfairly portrayed. I've been three times (2 private parties, one business dinner) and have always been treated terrificly by the staff. Upon entrance there's a lift to your left that takes you the 3 or 4 feet to the main level. One time the lift was broken. The manager was waiting at the front to explain and apologize. 2 or 3 large guys (way more than enough) were waiting as well to help me up the stairs. No problem. There's a very accessible bathroom on this level and a lot of different, cool areas to dine. I've never gone 'downstairs' and I'm not sure if there's a way down. Buddakan has always been accessible for me and I've had three great evenings and meals there. Is it perfect, no, but I've always been happy with their effort and care. Call ahead and make sure the manager is aware of your needs and you should be fine. I appreciated the article in the Times, but was disappointed to see these guys take a hit.I last ate at Buddakan almost a year back. But the awesome memories of the food that evening still remain with me.It was a Monday evening, and my friend and i had reserved a table beforehand. But when we reached there we found a huge crowd, and were told that we would have to wait for sometime inspite of booking in advance. We bought a couple of drinks and waited in the lounge, and this gave me time to soak in the surroundings.I had been told that it was a Asian and European fusion restaurant. When i entered the restaurant, i immediately looked upon a wall to wall picture, of a Venetian neighbourhood, canals and gondolas and everything. Just that the people were Chinese. The fusion theme was driven home into me as nothing else possibly could :)After some time we were asked to follow someone to our table and we walked behind him, and walked, and walked, and walked. The sheer size of this place is stunning. I can confidently say that this is the biggest restaurant i have ever been to.The food, especially the desserts, were very very tasty. However the service was what was more impressive. My friend is a vegetarian, and when the young lady who was serving us discovered that, she promptly informed her that the veg fried rice that she had ordered had some seasoning which was made of some fish product (which my friend obviously did not know of) and went on to suggest a number of other alternatives. I have rarely seen anyone quite so educated about the intricacies of the menu of the place.It is one of the more expensive places i have been to in New York, but the food and the experience is worth every cent of it.so much fun! the food is really delicious and as a once in a while splurge, its totally worth it. had one of the fish dishes, the most memorable, forgot the name but it was sole, MELTS in your mouth! also really good.. the kimchi cauliflower, but only because i am a HUGE cauliflower fan.. is that weird? taro lollipops are delicious also.waitstaff really nice and polite, decor extremely impressive.We always come back to this place over and over. It has the most original and refined fusion dishes we have fond so far and the atmosphere is sumptuous and unique. Sometimes the staff can be a bit pushy trying to get us to order more that was really needed, but otherwise is perfect. Great fried rice and chili shrimp!Our first night at NYC, I finally checked out Buddakan. I hate to say this but everything NYC does it better! There were lots of well-dressed people but it was a relaxing ambience. We decided to have a few appetizers and drinks before heading to another place. I had a few glasses of the Malbec which was good. The menu was a surprise to me it was all chinese, that's was unusual because most places like such would have a Asian fusion menu including sushi. I decided to try the peking duck salad. The frisee was lightly dressed with rice wine vinegar the type that was used in sushi rice. It was mildly acidic and was not overwhelming. The pieces of duck meat and crispy skins were scattered throughout the salad. The duck meat was cooked perfectly not dry and chewy. The skins retained the crispiness that had a good crunch. The music was good, much better than Jane for me.The sexy room, the beautiful trendy space and the food will make you fall in love with Buddakan. Edamame dumplings...always order those. Pork buns, fried rice both lobster and vegetarian...amazing. The desserts are a workof art and with flavor profiles that surprise. The bar is a great place to start off your night and make reservations. A must!Asian Fusion at its best.  Went on a Friday night for a group dinner. You've got a nice spacious bar with plenty of seats to hang out in as you walk in the door, while you wait for you table.  Drinks are pricey and so is the food, so if you don't have money burning in your pocket, skip it.  But, I think it's worth it to dine here for experience and presentation. The food was well-prepared and the service was tops.  If you don't want the same ol thing and want something different and exciting, I'd try this place out.  Enjoyed it.I had no idea what this place was when my friend suggested we go there.  But upon walking inside, I fell in love!  The decor and ambiance were just perfect!  The service was nice, even though we didn't order that much and I could tell the waitress was pissed.  Whatever, this place is getting 5 stars from me for the decor and the FOOD.  Deviled tuna tartare - Delicious. I don't know what the sauce was that they put beside it--but I could not stop scooping it up with my fork.Mongolian lamb chops - Loved the crystallized ginger crust, and the lamb chops were moist and cooked to perfection!House special fried rice - Delicious--and they did not skimp on the scallops!Charm - passion fruit liquer with berries, apples, berries, prosecco -- yum!This place is a bit on the pricey side, but I would go again without hesitation.  Loved it.I didn't eat here, but I went to Dale's Dim Sum party. I can, however, comment on the space itself. I love how there was a bar in the entrance, then you had to walk downstairs for the main dining room. I think it would be perfect for a wedding rehearsal dinner! Nothing says, "I HAVE ARRIVED", like walking slowly down the stairs where everyone can see you! The food served during the party was delicious. Some of the stations there were from the chefs who work at Buddakan and all I remember was everything being delicious! I will definitely be back for dinner.The food is excellent. Love the lot stickers!! Been here 2 times. Had the same waiter. He was good the first time. I think he was even better the first. Would give five stars, but the hostess was not too pleasant.I'm usually pretty picky about my Chinese food, but I love Buddakan!!!  It's slightly overpriced for Chinese-fusion food, but it's totally worth it.  The crowd is trendy, the venue is chic, and the food is good.Dishes that I love and always get:  Edamame Dumplings, Taro Puffs, Scallion Pancakes.... and the Sausage Fried Rice with the egg on top!  The main dishes are good too, but I always end up ordering more hot/cold appetizers than main dishes (the cod's good btw).  You also get more variety that way.When making reservations, I like to request the main dining room where you dine under three big chandeliers - to me, it feels like you're dining in a mini version of the Harry Potter's dining hall!  Otherwise, there's always the "red" room in the back and tables in the halls surrounding the main dining room.  The bar area when you first get in can get really crowded during peak dining hours.  As you're waiting for your table, if you don't want to be stuck with the crowds, you can always grab drinks in the Library Room downstairs - that room tends to be less crowded and the headphone-connected hostesses will know to find you down there!Oh. My. Goodness. This meal was out of control. Boyfriend's dad and step-mom took us here last month for an absolutely fabulous dinner. We were joined by Boyfriend's sister, step-sister and her boyfriend, so the waitress offered us the option of getting one their three tasting menus. Overwhelmed by the thought of ordering the proper amount of food for the table ala carte, we opted to get the second tier tasting menu, which was $80 per person, plus an extra $15 for the additional peking duck course. This would have been plenty of food as it was, but we actually ended up getting two extra appetizers and a salad on the house. Boyfriend's dad has an epic sesame allergy, and there were three or four things on the standard menu that he couldn't eat. Instead of offering substitutions, or having a separate course for him, they the waitress actually brought enough of the extra dishes, (described as some of their "premium items"), for all of us! Talk about amazing service. She was also there every step of the way to make sure that he knew which dishes he could and could not eat. As for the food itself, I can't tell you the last time I was treated to such an endless parade of delicious and interesting dishes. Lists are boring, but everything on this one was really good: we got the taro lollipops, cantonese spring rolls, edamame dumplings, jade shrimp dumplings, tuna tartare spring rolls, beef lettuce cups, peking duck, peking duck salad, crispy calamari salad with green apple and cashew, chilled sesame udon noodles with lime sorbet, asian green stir fry, szechuan crusted rib eye steak, glazed Alaskan black cod, sweet and crispy jumbo shrimp, plus what was probably their entire dessert menu.I'll describe a few of the standouts in detail. The beef lettuce cups were great, just a little bite of beautifully charred medium rare steak with lettuce. The edamame dumplings just melted in your mouth and dissolved there, and were like a little bundle of delicious pea soup. I especially loved the cold sesame udon noodles with lime sorbet, which is definitely not the sort of dish I would have expected to like, but the lime and peanut flavors somehow worked really well together, and the thick udon noodles were deliciously chewy. This was definitely the most unexpected dish in my opinion. One really simple dish that packed in a lot of flavor was the asian green stir fry. I just love really fresh and simple veggies, so this was a favorite of mine. It would have been the star of the entree round were it not for the glazed black cod, which was soft and flakey and deliciously sweet. My other favorite fish dish came earlier in the tuna tartare spring rolls appetizer, which was another unexpected treat. I love raw tuna sushi, but who would have thought to pair the rich meaty fish with a crunchy spring roll shell? So good! The only dessert that I couldn't get enough of was the crying chocolate cake, with its delicious white ganache tears. Don't leave without getting it.The other dishes were all tasty, but were less memorable. For instance, the rib eye was great, but it was not as unusual as some of the other things we were served. And though we all enjoyed the peking duck course, it was a very traditional take on the dish, and you'd be just as well served ordering it at an old school Chinese restaurant for much less. On the other hand, the accompanying peking duck salad was more original yet its inspiration was still evident, so I'd recommend ordering that if you want some duck with your dinner. All in all, everything was pretty much great, and I felt like a giant pig from eating so many different things. It was fun, but I'd probably order less were I lucky enough to go back.I would highly recommend Buddakan for your next special occasion. Its such a dramatic setting, with wonderfully accommodating service and phenomenal food presented impeccably. Our bill may have been obscenely large, but if you order ala cart I actually think the individual prices are fairly reasonable. If you like Asian food and aren't afraid to mess with traditional flavors, Buddakan is sure to surprise and amaze you with its wonderfully unique dishes.Awesome service and great atmosphere!! Our waitress was so friendly and was so patient with us. Though I detected a slight urgency, my party and I had a good time overall. It's family style- from what the waitress said. We also were advised to order everything at once.  So the five of us, picked several side dishes, rice, lomein, spinach, etc., appetizers and entrees. The sides weren't small. It was a good portion for the five of us. We started off with drinks. Jealousy and Tranquility is quite good. Stick with Tranquility if you don't want something overly sweet. Charm was alright, it was basically a prosecco garnished with a few berries. Not worth it. We then had tuna spring rolls. They only come with three- but were amazing! Raw tuna tartar (spicy tuna) wrapped in crispy thin wafer like spring rolls, they were a great start and complimented the drinks. Scallion Pancakes were't worth it. They were cold by the time it got to our table. I couldn't even tell it was scallion pancake. Our sides came out rather quickly. We had the seafood fried rice (house special) and shrimp lobster chow fun, wok roasted water spinach, minced pork lo mein ( pickled cucumbers gave the dish an extra zing! very flavorful and not greasy). We were full by sharing all the rice and lomein dishes on top of appetizers! It wasn't greasy but I feel like you could've easily went to a chinatown restaurant and gotten the same food for a fraction of the price. The entrees were a different story. We had the charred filet of beef, medium rare, drizzled with the soy butter sauce. AMAZINGGGGG. We had to fight each other for the last piece. It was so tender and well worth it!!! The wonton potatoes- what the hell was that.. it's just basic potato chips! Sweet and Crispy Jumbo shrimp was delicious!! We also shared the lobster, rather small, I don't recommend it as a "family style" dish. It came with white asparagus and bok choy that were marinated in a delicate sweet and tangy sauce. The lobster was alright.. I think you could get something so much better. Desserts were the crying chocolate and the Chocolate Mille Feuille. I liked the spiced chocolate sorbet that was accompanied with the avocado sauce in the Mille Feuille. Avocados and chocolate?? Who knew? I love them both, and what a great pairing. I wonder when other restaurants will start incorporating this into their menus. The banana brulee w. dark choc. shavings weren't that good in my opinion. I'm not a fan of bananas and chocolate but like I said, the avocado sauce was out of this world!! The crying chocolate was like any other molten chocolate cake, cute decor- but TINY. Well.. there you go. My feast at Buddakan. Excuse me while I run to the bathroom and puke myself silly.. Overall good night, good drinks. Nice crowd. Some dishes were rather ordinary, but the steak made my tummy happy~!I cant rave about this place enough! The best Asian Fusion dining ever. I loved everything I tried on the menu! Whenever we are in NY we are sure to eat here!Went to this place twice when i was in NYC last week. Swanky crowd, and great food, even by this picky vegetarian's standards. For the fellow veg-heads out there, try the edamame dumplings and scallion pancakes to start. the coconut curry rice entre was delish, and ya can't go wrong with the tofu vegetables and green beans (but both of those were fairly standard fare.. nothing exciting). most importantly, the waiter knew the difference between vegan and lacto-vegan and vegetarian... how cool is that. brownie points for definitional awareness.Wow! I wasn't in the mood for a bar. But if I ever want to chill at one, this will be the spot. The decor is so beautiful. Lol. I hope the drinks are as good as the surroundings. =)My new favorite restaurant..  Every detail down to the grout is perfect. My eye could not spot one flaw. The "library room" is gorgeous and intimate. The walk down the stairs is the most dramatic walk I have ever taken. Edamame dumplings... sublime. I just can't believe how much this place gets it. And the prices are so doable. Go here. Please go here right now. Love.This place does not live up to the hype surrounding it. This was a birthday party dinner, our birthday boy was excited about thus restaurant and his birthday. We were a table of 7. And of course 2 of our party were late. The restaurant was somewhat hard to find being that it was all black, and the sign was in black, so you couldn't see it if you were across the street. The people working near the door and desk were all dressed in black, and when I arrived ignored me. I had to speak to another girl at the desk to ask her where the bar was. Once inside at the bar, me and my friends had a drink, one drink to be exact. Our waitress carded us, to which she said she did this to everyone. Maybe because we were graduate students and still had the stench of school with us. But she was delightfully funny. I had the Charm drink, for $12. They finally sat us 20 minutes later, placing our cocktails on a tray and led us downstairs, though they did rush us as we were trying to settle our tab at the bar. We were lead downstairs, we were amazed at the decor and how dim and dark it was. They sat us at the huge table, many people had said it reminded them of harry potter. The bathroom was insanely dark. The ladies room was pitch black, everything was black, they had 3 separate rooms for stalls, but it was dark in there, you couldn't really see what you were doing. The only light was a small beam of light shooting down to the sink. There was no way you could apply lipstick or see if you had food in your teeth, let alone know if you didn't tuck your skirt into your pantyhose....other patrons there complained about the absolute darkness of it.But back to the food. The waitress explained to us that they serve things family style there, and that everyone would take from the dishes, and that no one would have an individual plate. For the birthday boy he was happy because it meant he would be able to try many different dishes. We ended up ordering, the jumbo shrimp, hot and sour scallops, Peking duck, Mongolian lamb chops, side of fried rice, calamari appetizers, and corn and crab balls. We figured that would be enough if we were sharing and also considering how much they were charging us per plate. The calamari came out, and it was tempura like, but fluffy, airy and tasty. It was when the crab corn cakes came out that the trouble started and we could feel we were in trouble. There were not enough appetizers for 7 people. so we split them in half and had a little taste and that was the theme for the rest of the night. As the other dishes came out we could see they were not proportioned for family style. The food was great. The jumbo shrimp, they decided to downscale from the last review of 5 to 4. There were 4 shrimp for 7 people. Then the scallops came. there were 3. Now if you were just one person, and this was your entree I think you'd be somewhat upset at the fact that there are only 3 scallops, clearly not enough for you to be full on or satisfied. The lamb chops were three, with three small pieces of baby bock choi. They were ginger crusted and quite tasty for the small piece i was able to sample. The Peking duck that they claim to be a whole duck, clearly was not a whole duck, they even plated it nicely, but you could tell it was not a whole duck. They seem to think if you make things smaller people will find them cuter. The side of fried rice was somewhat decent, it was something everyone could eat somewhat. It wasn't anything spectacular. Needless to say at the end of this, we were not full, and not amused. When the waitress said family style we thought it implied that it would be somewhat enough for everyone to eat, but apparently the portions showed that it was barely enough for one person to eat. 3 scallops? 4 shrimp? 3 lamb chops? cmon! unless you have a eating disorder or have had your stomach binded or stapled you're not going to get full here unless you order 2 or more entrees. and at that price you might as well go elsewhere.as for the cake? well apparently a cake much like wine gets a fee. the cake slicing fee was $3 a slice, and that would have been a whole other entree!  Their desserts looked very well plated and were at least $10 and up and we were tempted to get some but after we heard the cake cutting fee we decided to leave. When the bill came for our small portions, they had already decided to include a 20% tip! Now we were overcharged for food that barely fed us,  they refused our birthday boy's cake, and they had the audacity to add 20% into our bill! Needless to say, we paid the bill to the exact penny and took our birthday boy's cake elsewhere. Though it was lovely for decor and atmosphere, the portions of the food were appalling. Its filled with wannabe hipsters and trendsters, ugh they don't know what real asian food tastes like, and again the portions are small, the booze is great, and the bathrooms are dark as hell. If you're a party of 2, I'm sure you'll enjoy it more.Our last night in NYC was spent at Buddakan, and it was A-MAZING.We had 9pm reservations but arrived about quarter til. Told to wait at the bar and they'll find us, had a couple drinks and off we were. Walked down through the main dining hall and into the low-lit back room. The people seated next to us were closer than we'd like but they were caught up in their own lil world (read: kissy kissy, smoochy smoochy). Our food was amazing and beautifully presented. The wine and dessert were orgasmic. Our fave Top Chef contestant Dale was off that day (boo!) but we had a great time. One of the best dining experiences ever!Great food! Not cheapThis is a great expense account place.  It's amazing to come out of the dark, loungy bar and walk down the stairs - the view is amazing.  The large communal table looks like the large dinner table of some European castle.  Very cool.  And for someplace that is this trendy the food is actually pretty good.  Everything I tried (and I tried A LOT) was good.  Enjoyed the General Tso's dumplings, the Rock Shimp, Calamari Salad, Corn and Shrimp Fritters and Lobster Egg Rolls.  For main course tried the NY Strip steak, the steamed sea bass, roasted lobster and fried rice.  Were the portions a little on the small side?  Yes.  Was the food on the expensive side for what it was?  Yes.  But the service was good and we didn't feel rushed.  Will definitely be back the next time dinner's on someone else :-)What an amazing experience!   From the cool sexy atmosphere to the phenomenal food and drinks,  this place is a must visit.   The edamame dumplings and the kung pau monkfish are outstanding.   If you can't decide which appetizers to order,  get the Bo Bo plate.  This will allow you to sample 5 different items.   Be sure to make a reservation well in advance.   This is a popular restaurant and a great place to visit as a couple or with friends.My girlfriend and I were trying to choose a place to eat for her birthday, and being to NY and by only being here for 6 days, we decided to go to Butter just because we had heard about it the most from celebrities going, which is a pretty poor reason to go. Someone recommended Buddakan because he said it was such a beautiful place and very big and open, that we had to to see it. Also, being a fan of Top Chef and Dale in particular, it made the decision a bit easy for me. I was still a bit skeptical of going because it was Asian food. Well, we went and it was a great decision. The actual restaurant is amazing. Upon first entering you dont realize how grand the place is until you walk past the lounge area and into the main room. It is a wide open 2 story room with huge tables down below and chandeliers hanging from above.As far as the food, it is excellent. I got the tuna spring rolls and the deviled eggs with tuna on top. For my entree I got beef medallions which had a bearnaise type sauce that came with it. All in all it was a great experience. It was well priced for the quality and the atmosphere. I highly recommend it.Been here a couple of times...first time was for a dinner party, but couldn't enjoy the meal because I was sick.  Second time, yummm yummm yummy. Food is great. I don't eat much, so I usually limit myself to appetizers or side dishes. Had the Lobster Fried Rice. Great! Drinks are good. Bartender was awesome, let us sample the Valentine's Day cocktails and the bill was only $30 (thanks dude!!!) and we had tons to drink. You can't beat that....$30 tab at Buddakan's!  First time I came here....we had a group tab of $1k!Place did not disappoint.   Took my daughter here for her 15th birthday.   Space is impressive,  food was yummy but it is big and busy,  so don't expect very personable service, not that the service was bad.  Ordered two apps,  a main dish,  a rice dish and a veggie plus 2 beers and a big bottle of Pellegrino. ...damage was $104 total.   I didn't think that was bad, we left stuffed.  Lobster rice had more lobster than I expected,  short rib was yummy...portions aren't big,  but we left satisfied.We went to Buddakan for my birthday and had so much food, my stomach hurt, but in a good way.  We had the crispy duck spring rolls (3 stars), tuna tartar (4 stars) , sea bass roll (4 stars), short ribs (4.5 stars), and the black cod (4.5 stars)... out of 5 star rating.   The food was excellent, the space breathtaking and the single women crowded around the bar were decked out for the night, as if replicating a scene from Sex and the City, the entire bar seemed to order cosmos.  Be prepared to spend serious money.This place has a swanky dark vibe that is sexy 1-star, close to the clubs 2 stars. Apps are really tasty but very small. 3 stars.   Why I wouldn't really bother coming back here unless I charged it on a expense account. 1-expensive for what you get. 2-horrible horrible wait --I mean really. Meat packing is where you go to party not eat.   Go here to check it out have one $20 cocktail and go elsewhere.If you are into sophisticated, upscale restaurants, this is the place for you. The food, the service, the drinks were all amazing. Oh, and they have a bread pudding dessert to die forrr!Buddakan is phenomenal!   Great restaurant, I've been here so many times and I still love it.  You have to try the pork belly steamed buns, the crab fried rice, and the sizzling short rib.  Great ambiance, great scene (be prepared for major b&t representation on the weekends), and great drinks.  Perfect place if you want to have dinner and stick around for drinks after wards.  The Meatpacking District is getting old but this place should be kept on the radar for any kind of dinner whether its a date, group, bday, or you want to impress someone from out of town.It's about 3 blocks from the 2/3 train, not a bad location. The prices are above average, but worth it if you're having a special event. Go for the Mongolian ribs. I'm bringing my sister here when she comes from California to prove that there's actually room in NYC.This is off the basis of visiting Buddakan twice.  Once it was a 5 star experience, the other time, a 0 star experience.Let me talk about the initial experience first.Me and a friend were stressing out over school, since it was midterm season at NYU, and we though to indulge ourselves and go to Il Mulino (thats how NYU kids cope with stress-turn to alcohol and fancy dinners), but, unfortunately even on a Tuesday we were unable to get reservations.  It was about 4:30pm,  so we decided to give Buddakan a call, and were able to get reservations for 8:45pm.  We got to their check in desk and were seated by 9pm.  The waiter came out promptly and we ordered drinks and appetizers.   I had a "Fever" and my friend ordered a Bay Breeze.  I would have opted for a manlier drink, but, I figure at a restaurant like this, the specialty cocktails would be fine.  At about 15 a piece, they arent cheap, and not especially strong.  I couldnt taste the Jalapeno at all, but it had a good pomegranate essence.  I pounded it, and had the "Lush" drink next.  It was significantly stronger, and arrived at the same time appetizers did.    We had...Edamame Dumplings-amazing.  I had never had anything so delicate, so evangelical in my mouth (giggity), and they seemed to be levitating on top of the broth.  Beautifully presented, albeit a little hard to eat, due to the fact that they are so soft.  Picking up with chopsticks almost assured that they would be stabbed, and try eating them in multiple bites without mutilating them.  haha.   Lobster Egg Rolls-came with 3 in our order.  Solid, fresh, warm, thick chunks of lobster, and delicious.Taro Lollipops--cool presentation, but overrated, IMHO.For the main course, my friend opted for the peking duck, while I had the Sweet and Sour chicken.  I am not a duck fan, but she seemed to really like it.  It was a large portion of duck (and for $50, it better be), and she only finished about a quarter of it, after all those amazing appetizers.  My SSC was awesome, albeit a smaller portion.  Really well cooked white chicken breast, on top  of fresh vegatables and SnS sauce.  The star, however, was the side of vegetable rice we ordered.   OMFG.  Best rice I had ever had.  Tasted amazing, and had this great sauce with it.For dessert, we had  crying chocolate, and a specialty dessert cocktail that the waiter recommended to us.  The cocktail wasn't great (and was $17 --he didnt mention the price when he talked about it), extremely sweet.  The actual dessert was decadent, and having ice cream and chocolate cake balanced out perfectly.The bill came out to about $250 after tax and tip.Now for the horrible experience.  I wont make it super drawn out, but here it goes.We made the reservations about 3 weeks in advance, for a Saturday night birthday dinner for a party of 10 at 830 pm.  We got it,which was awesome.  Birthday girl had friends coming in from colleges out of the state, and had to get back that same night on the train, so it was crucial that we leave by 11pm, so they can catch the train back to CT.   We stressed this to them, and upon arriving they said our table would be ready by 9pm.  ok.  not good, but fine.   WE WERE NOT SEATED UNTIL 9:45PM!!!!!!!!  We were in the waiting room like idiots, while waiters pushed and shoved us to get out of their way, whispering rude remarks under their breaths, and downright yelling at us twice to get out of the way.  WE DO NOT WANT TO BE IN THE WAY!  WE SHOULDNT BE IN THE WAY!  WE SHOULD BE SEATED!!!!  The manager kept coming up to us and telling us that we were their priority group, etc.  Bull.  After an hour of being treated like cattle, they led us out of the waiting room down to the main dining room table....only to make us stand THERE awkwardly for 10 mins, watching people eat.  wtf?  Were they trying to clear out that area?  whatever.  We thought we were being seated. silly us.  We were led around the restaurant about 3 times, before being stuck at possibly THE WORST TABLE AT THE RESTAURANT. Situated between the bathroom and the kitchen doors, we saw clamors of waiters running in and out, hear them cursing and talking about tables, and toilets flushing.  FML.  Only table with that location, so maybe malicious move on their part.  They ID'd everyone, and waitress never came to check up on anything.  Also, one of the waiters slipped and fell going into the kitchen,  sending glass shattering all over the floor, and under out table.  There was also food that had fallen, which was now surrounding the table.  I started to think we were in some kind of hidden camera show, a la boiling points.  Two of the girls had to leave to catch the train back to CT BEFORE their food arrived, and waitress disregarded that, and told us to split it between us.  she knew of the time sensitivity.  Food was meh (I had the filet).  It all arrived at different times, which is Not ok.  Some people were finishing before others meals arrived.None of us will EVER return.Another one of the typical trendy Asian fusion spots.  Out of towners love coming here.  I love the tuna tartare  and  edamame dumplings here and the lychee martini.  I've also been here for late night drinkies and partying and had  solid time.Like far too many things in life this place started out amazing and ended up disappointing. Like getting a shiny new penny and realizing that it can't buy you anything. Or a great first date and not another phone call... I digress. The space is beautiful and massive. The decor was a little confused as it blends Renaissance art with Thai statues and food. Somehow it worked. My mind and palate were set for what friends had been raving about. One of the reasons I made the massive drive up from DC...We're seated quickly, and I order a St. Germaine and sprite.  I'm feeling good about the initial service and decor....  Everyone was happy with their drinks (less a really light poor of wine).  Alas that was the end of the wonder of the shiny Buddhakan penny. The salad was dripping in dressing making it virtually inedible. I don't think that anyone was happy with their appetizer, though some people were less disappointed than others.  The "entrees" were no better.  The sizes were tiny, the food was not good... Oh and the bill.... Now, I'm not a big spender, and I know this.  But I don't mind shelling out a good chunk of hard-earned money when the food was either amazing, or at least satisfyingly filling.  This was neither.  For the amount of food and the quality of food, I shouldn't have paid half as much as I did.  Soooo disappointing.  If I were to come back it would only be for drinks, I wouldn't give them money for food again!This place is fabulous. Went there for a dinner organized by a vendor, and was pleasantly surprised by the atmosphere (super swanky) food (super tasty) and friendly service. I would definitely go back here in a heartbeat if I wanted a nice romantic dinner with my wife, a meal to impress the family, or just a fun place for an evening business dinner.Went here with my parents on a Sunday night after fretting a bit that the place might be too "hip," but the experience was excellent all around. Extremely friendly/helpful waitstaff, surprisingly good wine, trendy but not over-the-top decor and food that's downright transplendent; the lamb was perfectly cooked, the edamame dumplings were way beyond what I'd expected, and the (new-to-the-menu) chocolate pudding was so good I wanted to rent it a hotel room.This has quickly become one of my very favorite places in NY!  Everything about it was great from the service, the decor, the music and especially the food.  You have to try the rock shrimp and mushroom chow fun, they are absolutely fabulous!This is another one of the experience restaurants that has opened recently in Manhattan.  When you first walk in you feel as though you are checking in to a hotel rather than a restaurant.  The bar area has a cool lounge like feel and unless you look through the open walls you do not get the feel of the dining room.  Once you are taken down the stairs to the massive dining room you are greeted by the enormity of the room and the amazing design.  It would be difficult for the food to live up to the design of the restaurant, but it does and even surpasses it.  We had the Edamame dumplings which should be required eating for anyone entering the restaurant.  We also had rock shrimp and the frogs leg appetizers.  All three apps were very good.  For entrees we had the black cod which was basically the Nobu Miso cod Buddakan's version was as good if not better than Nobu's.  We also had a crab fried rice which was unreal.  Desserts were also a work of art the ganache was amazing and the one with the bruleed banana was also great.The staff was very attentive and very helpful.Just had dinner @ Buddakan!! Our last meal in NYC and our expectations were high . Service good ,wine pedestrian ( most people around us drank cocktails)Food production line ,this restaurant would struggle to survive in Melbourne Australia ( Longrain ,Chin Chin ,Flower Drum etc)Bottom line over rated .A must do in NYC!  The Restaurant was beautiful, the service superb and the food amazing!Worth going back to? Yes, I've been multiple times. Dish : Worth ordering again?Edamame Dumpling : YesCrispy Calamari : YesWok Fried Oysters & Foie Gras : YesSweet & Crispy Jumbo Shrimp : YesKung Pao Monkfish : YesLobster Fried Rice : YesAlmond Bread Pudding : YesSo typically Meatpacking. Interpret that as you will.I want to live in NYC just to eat at this restaurant on a regular basis. Duck salad I could eat for breakfast, lunch, and dinner! Singapore chili crab, stir fried cauliflower, short ribs, and spicy yellowtail were all amazing. Our server Jered was so nice and cute. Informative and attentive but not over baring. Alot more tourist now than I remembered.Most of the stars go to the decor of the actual restaurant!! It was a massive space decorated beautifully...This place is incredibly loud and upbeat.... not very Buddhist/serene like ahahha but that was NOT a problem!As for the food, the most delicious and memorable were the Sea Bass Rolls from the appetizers. The Chili Rock shrimp were also very YUMMMM....The edamame dumplings were a little bit gross because the inside of the dumplings were pureed edamame. It tasted fine but i guess it just wasn't the consistency that i was expecting! We also got the Tuna Tartare which was delicious and fresh. For entrees we got (this place serves everything family style so everyone can share) lobster, glazed alaskan cod, short ribs, and ma po tofu. All (except the ma po tofu which was kinda sour instead of spicy) were good. I liked the fish the best because it was cooked perfectly... it wasn't dry at all! It was moist and flavorful!For dessert we got the coconut souffle cake (so light and drool-worthy), the white chocolate rice pudding (baked! with a chocolate crust!), and a complimentary (we had this like really randomly cute waiter who started serving us halfway through our meal??) "crying chocolate cake" (so rich.... and so delish!)....Overall, this was like basically a high-qual chinese restaurant but like really hip and trendy... it was definitely a really fun night!Really, really good food, but make reservations.  We arrived on Saturday evening at 10 PM and were informed that without a reservation our best bet was to try and grab a sit in the bar area (first come, first serve).  It was packed and dimly lit, which made spotting an opening an added challenge and mildly stressful. The table we finally scored was not ideal for the intimate meal we had envisioned, but the food was certainly worth the wait.  The menu has an asian fusion flair and we found each dish to be this divine assemblage of flavors.  We enjoyed the Tuna Tartare and the Char Siu Roast Pork, among other dishes.  Luckily the room was really loud or else our neighbors would have been slightly distracted by the cacophony of "ohhs and ahhs" coming from our table.  I mean, the meal was dynamite.  I also concluded my meal with a lovely cup of tea (rooibos tea with hints of rose and almond flavors).So definitely a place worth checking out.  But call ahead for reservations and know going in that the place will be loud.  If you are looking for a low-lit, quiet place, this isn't the restaurant for that experience.I like this place - although, yes, it is a bit big, and yes, at bit of a tourist trap, the food never disappoints and I think the ambiance is a bit - dare I say - sexy?  Definitely a good 1st date place in my opinion....OK - Went here last night with a bunch of friends to celebrate my engagement.  Great space and nobody seemed to mind us getting really loud.  Waiter recommended 1appy and one entree per person to share.  I say no way.  As the self proclaimed king of appetizers, I decided for the 6 of us to get 10 appys and 4 entrees.  Appetizers were much better - Surprised by the edamame dumplings.  Rock shrimp better at Nobu, but still good.  Best entree was lamb.  Keep the drinks flowing and have a ton of fun with your friends.  At about 9pm the cougars came out to play, so bring hunting gear.We took a high school graduate for her graduation because we knew it was a sceney place. I don't have much to add to the other reviews. I will only say the decor and atmosphere is spectacular, service was over the top. Our server was a professional server not an actor.The food is very good. I think this is a special occasion place and you pay for the over all experience. There was nothing wrong with the food. The presentation was great, the food was good but the menu was pretty standard. You can view the menu at their site or at menu pages.I had a cocktail which was called Charm. It was a passion fruit sparkling wine cocktail. It was very good. All menu items were very good. The Peking Duck everyone at the table agreed was the best they had ever had. The beef tar tar appetizer was great. It was all good.The desserts were all kind of similar and if they could improve anything about the food it would be the desserts.I would highly recommend it for anyone.Came here with an eclectic group of friends, of which one was visiting from out of town and appreciates a trendy scene...Buddakan was a great call for this group. The interior is beautiful and we were seated upstairs in a semi-private area which was great. We ordered plenty of app's and entrees and shared them all which worked well. All of the app's were tiny but still tasty...some of the notables include the edamame dumplings, tuna tartare spring rolls, and my favorite the beef lettuce cups. My favorite entree was the charred filet of beef and king crab hot pot was a close second...apparently the vegetable tofu steamed buns were decent, but I didn't save room to try them. Also, I was feeling bold and ventured away from my standard drink (Hendricks and tonic) and opted to try something different from their fun cocktail menu, the Lush, which was ok but reminded me why I have a standard drink. Overall, come for the food and the scene (try to snag a spot downstairs under the gorgeous chandeliers), but not for the portions or the service which was blah, from the (seemingly slow :-/ ) girls at the front to lack luster waitstaff. A close 4 star, but by comparison to the other great places the city has to offer, it's a 3 for me.Loved my experience here. No reservations, but was able to snag seats in the bar area. Full menu is available, which was a plus. The General Tso Chicken Dumplings were awesome and dangerous. You can't eat just one. Caution-the sauce will come out of the dumpling when you bite into it. I also had the dungeon crab sticky rice, which knocked me out of my seat. A flavorful and simple dish. The scene is cool-a mix of hip, flair and chill. Would recommend this place without pause.The decor in the main dining room on the lower level is stunning. The food is tasty but nothing to rave about. The Meatpacking District is certainly not my stomping ground to begin with, so the atmosphere, crowd and hype of it all scores no extra points with me. It's just one of those places you should try at least once. I doubt I'll ever be back.AWFUL!!!!!Tourist trap. They claim it's "familiy style". It is NOT! Family style is not 3 little lamb chops, 1 small piece of cod, medium bowl of lobster chowfun, 7 little pieces of pork. Plus, my pork came out 15 minutes after everyone else's because it "takes longer to cook and it's family style". STOP WITH THE FAMILY STYLE BS! The Crispy Pork was soggy and chewy. The lamb chops were dry and flavorless, the cod was bland, the lobster chowfun was good. The drinks were weak because they are "measured". I've never heard so many excuses in my life.TOURIST TRAP(You'd be better off at PF Chang's - so sad)An absolutely wonderful experience.  The restaurant is beautiful, the staff friendly and attentive.  We were a group of three, and ordered 3 appetizers, two entrees and a rice dish.  It was definitely enough food for us.  For appetizers, we had the tuna tartare spring roll (3 rolls were served, one for each of us) hoisin glazed pork belly, and the edamame dumplings.  Fabulous!  For main courses, we ordered the sizzling short rib, the char siu roast pork, and the lobster fried rice.  Also fabulous.We  had room to enjoy the warm chocolate ganache and the sorbets, plus tea. Service was impeccable, staff consistently checking at the table to be sure that every need was met.  We couldn't have enjoyed ourselves more.Whoever wrote this place is PF Changs on steroids was correct. Everything from the decor to the food was just unimaginable!My friend and I didn't make any reservations but were lucky enough to find a table at the bar (we went around 645 on a Saturday).The drinks: Charm and Reflection are good and were presented prettyAppetizer: Rock Shrimp...tangy, spicy, good stuff!Dishes: Spare rib (melts in your mouth) and monkfish (very good with lots of flavor)Dessert: Crying chocolate, it has like coffee ice cream with cocoa powder with a mini volcano type of looking thing. It was a nice finish to a great mealTHE DAMAGE: damage was made...total was $106.70 excluding tip but I'm not complaining. It was worth every penny.loved the endamame dumplings-but i do not plan on hitting this place again. it's definitely got the "ethnic asian black, red and everything else that seems asian-esque" there. the crowd wasn't too my taste, the portions too small, the drinks were just okay & the beautiful people the others saw were not around when i got there. maybe i was too early-or, perhaps, i didn't have my good alckie glasses on. i know it's manhattan, so food prices can seem even more subjective, but for what it was, it just wasn't fine dining enough to account for the prices that i was charged. either way, it was just alright.our server, christian though was awesome. she totally rocked it.so a star for christian and a star for the awesome endamame dumplings...Wow, for starters, i typically do not like fusion food, especially when served tapas style. just never been a fan of this type of food. buddakan is a rare exception i must say. to start, the ambiance gets a soaring 5 star rating. easily the most grand entrance/dining setup i've seen in a long while. the place is HUGE, and very well decorated with nice loungy background music. service staff was excellent and very attentive. and most importantly, the food was simply delicious. everything we ordered was good - vege stir fry, string beans, cod, branzino, short ribs, beef loin, apptizer platter, the list goes on (we ordered quite a bit of food). In general, the food here was just awesome and very well presented. i'd come back in a flash, and once again, from a tapas, asian fusion food hater, i'm giving this place a rarely issued 5 star!I was only here for a Food Network event for Dave Talde's Dim Sum Party. Food was delicious and drinks were non stop for 2 hours.. Favorite food was the tuna tartar spring roll. The decor is awesome and the place is huge. I will be back for the real food and drinks at Buddakan!Really nice place, expensive ass drinks.. But the food is legit and the portions are pretty fair.. It wasn't one of those high end restaurants that charge you an arm and a leg and give you cat food sized portions in return.. I had the Calamari Salad to start my meal off (which was excellent) and my entree was the Grilled Pork Tenderloin which was great too.. If it wasn't for the birthday girl, we wouldn't have eaten at such an expensive place during my NY trip (the bill was over $400 for 8 people!) but I'm glad I got to experience some sort of NY fine dining on my trip nonetheless..Really nice atmosphere, great service and delicious, high class food. We couldn't have wished for anything more.Okay let me start off by staying that this place is to die for when it comes to decor. It is top notch! Out of this world. When it comes to food it is Ok. Not the best I have ever had (which is disappointing since it is a bit pricy) but still pretty good. Of course at a place like this you have to get a bunch of different things to share. I won't going into everything since the majority of the things I had are already talked about on other reviews. The only thing I want to point out is the lobster and scallop fried rice. It was amazing. Defiantly something I would want to get again! Overall I am glad that I tried this place, but I would not be itching to come back again. There are way to many other places I need to try in NYC first :-)I have to make a stop to the kitchen just thinking about this place makes my juices stir up a storm!I had to wait a couple of days to write this, or I would get pissed reading my own review. Not only am I boycotting Asian food for awhile, but this was one of the worse dining experiences I had in NY. The only reason it got 2 stars was the service. I was so impressed that they call you the day before to confirm your reservation. The women on the phone sounded like a automatic voice message. The place was packed, Few minutes later we get the LONG walk down the staircase and to our table.This is the place where Carrie Bradshaw had her engagement party dinner,  this is a beautiful restaurant.  I'm sure the reason is because of the hype it got from SATC. Cause it aint the food. Our waiter was very friendly , we asked our waiter the specialties, he recommended the ROCK SHRIMP. I kid you not, after we ordered a few dishes, within 2 minutes the Rock Shrimp came out. That tells you something, Cafeteria style in the kitchen. It was disgusting. It was not sweet or salty, it had no flavor.I had to order the sweet and sour chicken, since I LOVE that and to find the best place for it makes it even more exciting.we ordered also the Noodles with the wild mushroom, pour some brown sauce, flat noodles and no flavor whatsoever! We get the sweet and sour chicken, it's 1 BREAST, sliced and poured with Sauce that you probably made instant with water, throw some cashews and bell peppers. $21.00The noodles were by far the most disgusting things I ever tasted. Let's put it this way.... Panda Express was 5 STAR compared to this.I was sooo upset that my girlfriend was cracking up, since she never seen me soooo upset like this.  Every time the waiter came by to ask how everything was, I was like a little child putting my head down. She finally started laughing and said " Alice, you can't blame the waiter, he's not the one cooking the food" It was sooo funny, I was crying laughing so hard.I ended up eating just the white rice. By the time the waiter said, "do you want dessert?" It was silent. We just wanted to get the hell out of there.Not a long wait. The Food and drinks are amazing. Service is decent. Location, yet another thing working for them. Highly recommended.Heard lot's of good reviews about this place and gosh they were right! Going to high-end restaurants are not usually my thing but with the boss in town from out of the country I had no choice. Everything turned out to be great. Mitred's were friendly, waiter was abeautiful blonde with big muscles (female), and spacious as so I saw on SEX AND THE CITY! We ordered few appeteizers and main dishes and all tasted great. I reccommend this place for any occassion even to drink at the bar.Will definitely go back again!One word describes Buddakan........AMAZING!!!My girlfriend had been asking me if we could try Buddakan. So finally I decided to make reservations as one of her birthday gifts for her birthday in mid January, they had a reservation that same week on a Friday night at 10:30( Hey, it was the only time I could get) . Buddakan is am imposing black brick building on 9th Avenue, with just a small sheet metal sign with Buddakan written in many different fonts. As soon as you walk in you a greeted by a team of gorgeous hostesses clad in extremely tight black dresses, they are behind what looks like an airport check-in counter, who assign you to a waiter and check your coat. We were there on a Friday night and let me tell you this place was PACKED!!!! My girlfriend could have easily gotten pregnant from how close people were standing together. Believe me, this is a place to be seen,( and yes it is trendy, but who cares!!) it was filled with businessmen in expensive suits and stunning young women. We had a drink at the bar, which serves every brand of top-shelf liquor imagineable, and then we were quickly seated. Buddakan is absolutely gigantic( Buddakan occupies the space which was once a Nabisco factory) and is decorated beautifully. The waitstaff was extremely attentive and knowledgeable about everything on the menu. One thing, I suggest to do( especially if you are on a date) is to order a few appetizers and split an entree( it keeps the price down for one thing and you get more of a range of the menu, instead of ordering an entree each). The food here is PHENOMENAL, they only use the best ingredients and you can easily tell that they spare no expense( I suggest the General Tso's dumplings ,boneless spare ribs, and the tea smoked chicken). The desserts are equally excellent and there are many choices to pick from. Overall, it was a very pleasurable experience and my girlfriend paid me back handsomely for taking her there. If you are looking to impress someone ( Buddakan is on the PRICEY side) , this is definetely the place that I would suggest to go to.This is, wait, was the place to be seen and drink, why you may ask? Well who wouldn't want to spend $16-20 per drink at a so called trendy bar and try to pick up cougars and the girls who are soon to be, get served glorified (i.e. restaurant cost 12million give or take to build) PF Changs style food. Menu is meh, not a huge fan, weird selection and I'm not turning into a Yenta but hell this stuff tasted like it was doused in a ton of salt, akin to the belt pkwy an hour after a Nor'easter. I will say this, if your date is from out of town or lives outside of the five boroughs(err ok maybe just anyone who doesn't/never has lived in Manhattan) they will think this place is awesome and in there opinion, nice Asian fare. Little do they know some hole in the wall down in China town or Flushing would show this place what a real dim sum is with more than enough money left over to get a rub and tug down the block, pay the toll back through the Holland Tunnel, gas to the NJ shore & a round of drinks will more willing cougars @ Tiki Bar. Come here if your from out of town, the over topness and so so food will impress the six on your arm and just about guarantee she will be eating your bang bang shrimp by the end of the night. Order the Edamame dumplings, glazed Alaskan Black Cod with a side of minced pork lo mein.. These were the best things in my opinion on the menu, dessert is small and over priced, drinks weren't strong and my waiter kept staring at me more than my hot Brazilian date. Even she felt uncomfortable at the way Harvey kept looking at me throughout the night. Creepy waiter, u need a megaphone to hear your date and expect to be surrounded by drunk tourists and the B&T crowd trying to impress Vanessa from Staten Island.This is my favorite Chinese restaurant..wait I mean restaurant in nyc for me.Besides the bias part, close to my home, I love it because I am a picky Chinese food eater and I love to dress up with my group of girlfriends there.  Try everything there! Oh if you have a large party, you have to book the downstair open space! Love the big mirrors!Make reservation online, or give a bit attitude to those nice reservationists who will be nicer to you! OR you can just be seen in the outside lounge!Best restaurant in New York City !!!Cool atmosphere. Outstanding service. Superior drinks. Melt in your mouth food (I didn't even get past the appetizers). Desserts to satisfy your sweet tooth. Buddakan.Rating is actually 3.5I came here because I was told this is a place you must have seen. So, the interior did not impress me. The reception is indeed like a spa's reception, I think someone wrote that here before. So, I had the drink Solid, the jade shrimp dumplings and the garlic lobster with chive. My friend had a margarita, tuna tartar and the crabs with lime and cilantro. We shared the lobster fried rice. The finale: crying chocolateGood things first. I loved the drink Solid, a solid performance, and the cryyyyinnng chocolate.. heavenly good. I would return on late nite, have a cocktail and the crying chocolate. The jade shrimp dumplings were good. The lobster was too garlicky.. or too chivey.. you couldn't taste the lobster at all which I think is a pity. The tuna tartar was nothing special, neither the lobster fried rice or the crab.So, come here for dessert or drinks and that's it :)In my opinion the lounge is too dark for a dinner. If I had a table in the lounge I would only have dessert and drinks there for sure.The food is good but not everything is finger-licking good.favorite restaurant!!!!!!i am a regular i make it there at least once or twice a monthi can not pick one specific thing to order because i order differently every time i am there but man o man it is all soooooooo gooooooodddd!!!!!!!!if your just visiting nyc i suggest you not leave without getting to buddakan!!!!!if you live in the city and have not tried buddakan yet......then you have been slacking!!!!!!!!!Great atmosphere, wonderful staff, and good food. We went in late on a Saturday night and the place was packed. They said 25 minutes till we could get a table, so we went to the bar, ordered drinks, took a few sips, when they came to seat us after 5 minutes. But best of all, two separate staff complimented my gorgeous date.. which had me doing a little touchdown dance in my head.This review is strictly on their drinks. I didn't order any food. Now that I've gotten that out there, wooooooooow, i love their drinks! Lots of different infused cocktails, and the German Riesling was fresh and crisp. So good! I came here after the SATC movie came out and I wanted to be at the same place where Carrie & Big had their engagement. Impressive! I'd come back.We arrived 10 mins late due to parking. We still waited standing for over an hour for our table. The waitstaff was polite and knowledgable of the menu. The waitstaff was not patient with us we felt rushed to order. Waitress came back to our table several times to ask if we were ready to order. The food came out as it was ready so it never seemed like we were all eating at the same time. The waitress never came back to ask us if everything was ok or if everyone received the correct order. There was also confusion on the part of the staff as to who ordered what?. Plates were placed at the center of the table for us to figure out. There was no sense of urgency we were celebrating a birthday and our birthday girl didn't feel special. I wanted to order another appetizer and I had to order it through one of the food runners delivering our food due to the waitress not being fully attentive to us. We ordered dessert and coffee when she finally came back around. Waitress never asked us how was our dinning experience so far. The dessert came our birthday girl did recieve a very nice dessert I didn't check on the bill if it was complimentary. The bill arrived before the final course did. It seemed like every employee that passed wanted the bill. I was asked on 4 different occasions by 4 different people if the bill was ready. We felt rushed once again. We paid our $600 plus bill and walked to the bathroom. Upon exiting the bathrooms we stopped for pictures at the large mural in the bathroom area. We had a man behind us the whole time I don't know if he was security. He kept saying "guys let's wrap this up and move you guys upstairs and to the exit" it could of been nothing but the experience left a bad taste in my mouth. This man walked behind us all the way to the exit wich was kind of creepy people in my party were bothered by this. Overall we had a good time it is a very nice place and a great place to look at beautiful people. The food was not anything to die for I described it as glorified Chinese food. Slightly over priced. Glad it's over probably won't return here and I won't recommend it. I have been in the F&B business I have worked at Le Cirque and for chef Daniel Boulud. Knowing the industry from the inside like I do I just feel there were to many no no's. Thank you for taking the time to read this.I went here for my first time, on Wednesday night, while I was in NY for work. This place is Huge! The food was very good....we ordered 4 appetizers, 4 entrees to share (for 4 of us - it was plenty / too much food) I loved the Filet of Beef, the Steamed Sea Bass Rolls, the Edamame Dumplings (you have to try them, I've never had anything like it), the Crying Chocolate for dessert = heaven. I would definitely venture back here. So good!This place is just awesome, the food was just perfect, there is so much attention to detail from the decor to the presentation of the meal. This place is a great example of how good food in NY really is. I would say not to go here if you are on a tight budget though!I made reservations for dinner on a Saturday last month, and they could only seat a party of 5 at 5:45pm or 10:05pm by the time I called (it was Friday, so I wasn't that surprised). So we decided to go for 5:45pm. First, we got lost because Buddakan shares an address with the Chelsea Market something or other. When we finally walked up to the doorway, we were greeted by a few people dressed all in black. They seemed to be blocking the door, so we nervously asked for permission to enter...As usual, at least two members of our party were extremely late, so three of us sat in the front room perusing the cocktail and appetizer menu. None of us had come here before, so we were a bit apprehensive of the prices (all three of us are Chinese-American, and it's always painful to pay exorbitant amounts of money for "Asian fusion" cuisine). Luckily, the overstaffed front desk people (seriously, do they need 8 girls behind the counter??) let us keep our reservations despite our late guests.The architecture is quite nice, and the ambiance is also very mellow (read: it's pretty dark). The hostess warned all the women that many others have stumbled down the somewhat hazardous steps leading down to the dining area, which resembled a grand banquet hall. She requested that we all hold on to the banister as we headed down to our table.Once seated, we were pretty puzzled as to why we couldn't make reservations for 7pm like we had wanted to. It wasn't as packed as we expected it to be. By the time we left it was almost 9pm, and business had picked up a little bit, but I'm pretty sure we would have been able to make a 7pm reservation without any problem.Our waitress seemed nice at first, although we were pretty disappointed with her in the end. She explained to us what family style dining was (as if the 4/5 Chinese-Americans at the table didn't know what it meant). Because we were all college/graduate students, we were fine with ordering the noodle and rice side dishes and forgoing the expensive "entree" dishes. Once we had made the order, the waitress had the audacity to tell us that we probably wouldn't have enough food if we didn't order entrees. She told us that she would come back once we decided on some entrees (basically, she was telling us that we weren't spending enough money on our dinner).So, we ordered the tea smoked chicken and the sweet & crispy jumbo shrimp entrees, along with a rice or noodle dish for each person (crab fried rice, vegetable fried rice, Chinese sausage fried rice, roast pork lo mein, mao poe tofu). When our dishes arrived we almost started laughing. The rice and noodle dishes are definitely enough food for one person. The entree dishes had the teeniest portions. The shrimp entree had 5 shrimps, just enough for each person in our party to have one. The food was decent, but not great, and we were truly unhappy that our waitress had bamboozled us into paying an extra $50 for two teeny portions of food. The Mabo Tofu (however they spell it) is not as amazing as we heard it was (I thought it was pretty bland). The veggie fried rice was okay, not great, and I thought the coconut curry foam was weird. Needless to say, the waitress did not get a good tip. As for the five "side dishes" we ordered, we were unable to finish the large amount of food and ended up doggy-bagging the rest of it. So much for not having enough food...Basically, I was disappointed with the flavors of the food. I have had better dishes from hole-in-the-wall Chinese restaurants. It's not worth the money unless you're there for the pretentiousness of a trendy spot. Perhaps I'll find a good Asian Fusion restaurant one day...The bathrooms are pretty neat, though, if you can figure out which side is which.The final verdict? Overrated, but if you've got money to burn, come here to mingle with the "trendy" crowd.Thank goodness someone else was paying.  We had a table of 8, and the host of the night told the waitress to bring 'whatever she thought was best'.  OMG.  We had a TON  - literally - of foodlHighlights of the night...  Loved the sausage fried rice, though I avoided the sunny side up egg on top.  Just seemed to be there for no good reason.  I loved the spicy tuna spring rolls - sushi-style spicy tuna wrapped in a crispy shell.  The taro lollipops were fluffy and delish.  The red snapper was one of the better fishes i've had recently, for what that's worth. Now, I've been to the original outpost in Philly, and I have to say I miss that menu.  No seared ahi, wasabi mashed potatoes or lobster fried rice, but still very very good.  If you're ever in Philly try to hit the original!As for the service - the waitress was good, but I think they could have coursed out the food a little better.  We were uncomfortable cramped at a corner table with 8 people around it; so much so that the Peking duck wrappers ended up on the bench next to my friends.  It just all came out at once.  Also, there was at least one request that wasn't fulfilled, and drinks took forever to come down from the bar in the upstairs lounge.I dont think it would have been half as good without a large group though...too many choices! :)Pretty much great across the board - a complete experience that will leave you full, pampered and ready to go back again soon.  A truly superb restaurant, one of the best in NYC.this place is freekin amazing. i was lucky enough to have dinner with my company. with that comes a crazyyyy prix fix 20+ course meal. this consisted of:1.) edamame dumplings - the highlight!! so good, rich, creamy. has a touch of truffle oil. 2.) lobster egg roll - i dont remember much of this but what i do remember was that it was freekin fantastic. its really hard to f up a lobster dish3.) Tuna Spring roll - eh little deceiving. its more of a tuna taretar stuffed eggroll wrapper flute. it was just okay4.) beef lettuce cups - this was really good. the flavors blended sooo well.5.) general tso dumplings. this was sooo delicious. it was a bit tricky though because of the liquid. it splashes/spills and may burn you on the first bite!!!main meal 6.) blazed alaskan black cod - this was okay but i had better. i felt that it was a bit too sweet.7.) sweet & crispy shrimp - possibly my favorite! its combo between walnut shrimp and lemon shrimp and all so yummmm.8.) hot & sour scallops - this was pretty good. scallops are good size. 9.) whole packing duck - ive had better. the titles a bit deceiving too because its more on the lines of "whole breast duck"10.) beef with gravy sauce - this was cooked so well. it comes with a side of gravy that made it booomb!!side dishes11.) wok-tossed tofu & broccoli - i think this is the one dish i can completely do without. the veggies were slightly overcooked and it was a bit to salty for my taste.12.) lobster fried rice - i'm not a huge fan of fried rice, but if you definitely want a rice dish.. this would be it!13.) chow mein - it was okay. i can do without. tasted like any other places chow main.Dessert - quite honestly all the deserts were delicious. we had:14.) chocolate mille feuille - if your a chocolate/banana lover you will LOVE this!15.) chocolate peanut butter bombe - this was a lot of the parties favorite. the ice cream was heavenly!!16.) passion fruit mouse partfait - i found this to be a little too sweet for my likening. besides the extreme sweetness the flavors are extremely distinct!17.) asian citrus souffle - my absolute favorite!!!! everything about it was delish!!18.) chocolate souffle - chocolate lovers will LOVE this! soo good19.) rose & jasmine sorbet with Sake - this sorbet is really good and fragrant. tastes pleasantly flowery. this is an acquired taste though.20.) key lime souffle - im not a big fan of key lime anything, so it make sense for me to say it was just okay.drinks21. Fate - this is really good. i wanted a lychee mojito but this hit the spot!22. charm - this was okay. i was looking for somehting a little more fruity.anyhow this meal was bomb. definitely hit the spot. heck its 4 in the morning right now in NY and im still finding time to rave about this place!! my boss treats us well..pro: great atmosphere, dramatic entrance into the dining areacon: pricey, long line at the men's roommust try cocktail: fate- elderflower, pineapple, prosecco, need I say more?must try seafood: alaskan cod- portion is a bit small, but the flavor is hugemust try rice dish: crab fried rice- I am a big big fan of keeping fried rice simple, and this is just it.  Egg, scallion, rice, and crab meat, this is the best fried rice I had in Manhattan (including the ones I had in Chinatown).  don't try: chili crab crispy noodle- way way way too salty, nothing specialSo fun!  I like this place better than Spice Market.  It's trendy and HUGE.  Wow, so much space.  The food was pretty good for this kind of a place.  The cocktails were delicious.  Great atmosphere - all kinds of different rooms and each one feels different.  Colorful and creative.  Great for dates or groups!All hail the Buddah! There was a time when my bf & I came here way too much, but it was worth it every time. We always get the same things...and they're always scruptious. Here it is: Apps:Jade Shrimp Dumplings, Chilli Rock Shrimp, Scallion Pancakes, Sesame Shrimp Toast, Tuna Tartare Spring Rolls, Wok Hay Frog legs- All Excellent.Entrees: Charred Fillet of beef, Sweet & Crispy Jumbo Shrimp (FAVORITE), Lobster Fried Rice- loved them all....except the beef, nothing special.Veggies: Twice Cooked Long Beans...so darn good.Desserts: Crying Chocolate...turned me into a "Crying Chocolate"...I was literally teary eyed when I was taking in the last spoon of it...YUMMILIOUS.  The strawberry shortcake icecream dessert is ok.All hail the Buddah!Super trendy. Super sexy...both the overall ambiance and its patrons.This is a place to see and be seen! Annnnd get a good meal in transit.Def my favorite Asian restaurant in the city. The staff are super patient and attentive. Ordered a million things off  the menu and EVERYTHING was absolutely delicious. Decor is beautiful as well. Definitely a great place for group dinners.LOBSTER FRIED RICE.  That dish alone is reason enough to come to this place.  If you need more than that, try their outstanding desserts and their small plates.  I love this place.  Yummmers.I've been here so many times I have lost count. Expensive but the food is worth every penny. The appetizer alone can be enough to fill you up. My favorite dish that I always order: deviled tuna tartare (yummy); boneless spare ribs (to die for); sweet & crispy jumbo shrimp (unbelievable delicious-insane!); charred asparagus (crunchy perfection); lobster fried rice or crab sticky rice (wow, I just can't take it!) For dessert i love the bread pudding...And there upu have itSuch a great experience. Really a beautiful place and the food was delicious. I could not stop eating everything on the table. With it's Family Style menu you can't help but go from plate to plate continuously eating. Amazing staff, this is just a great place to go with a big group and just enjoy everyones company while eating flavorful food...Organized a private event here for my sister's bachelorette. The person who set it up was nice but the people who helped us checkin were very rude. We spent over $3000 and expected better service.  The food was pretty good, but for this type of establishment we expected superior service. Step it up Buddakan, you disappointed me. Won't go back.This past weekend I went with my GF to Buddakan. The place is a great spot to start your night in the Chelsea area. From the outside the place looks quite simple, but once inside I realized the scope of the place. We waited in a bar area for 5 mins until our table was ready. The strength of this place is the cool factor and thankfully the food. Tuna spring rolls, and dumplings in a sweet corn sauce were awesome. I recommend sharing the dishes, as the portions are moderate to small in size. For more old world Chinese/Asian try Wo Hop in Chinatown.My good experience began when we called to make an extremely last minute reservation on a Friday night. They were very friendly and accommodating and we had no problem getting a table at 9:30. Our host was not only VERY attractive, but he was very friendly as well. Our waitor was extremely pleasant and knowledgable of the menu. We didn't have to wait long at all for our food and everything was delicious and pretty reasonably priced for food and a restaurant of that caliber. The space is absolutely breathtaking, especially the huge chandeliers above the communal table downstairs. The music and the crowd only add to the beautiful and lively ambiance. I can't wait to go back, even if only for cocktails downstairs.The main dining room looks like it came straight from the chateau of Louis XIV (think Versailles), AFTER he returned from antiquing in the orient. A long communal table cuts down the middle and there are banquettes along the sides--which are nice. The people seated facing "out" from said banquettes are treated to a spectacular view of the surroundings. Food and service are both excellent, although I still prefer the Philly location where I received my Buddakan baptism--as it were.LOVE IT! Please open a restaurant here in LA so I don't have to fly to NYC to get your Edamame dumplings....Also, just a tip...we received 5 dumplings...I recommend making it an even number, like 6. I'll def be back, fantastic food and service.I had my CNY dinner with my friends here. We like the food.  The service was good. The only thing that I am not a big fan is the lighting. It is a bit dark for a Chinese Asian Fusion restaurant.I don't give many five star ratings, but this place deserves it.  Great ambiance, very good service, tasty drinks (mojito very good) and really good food.  We had spring rolls for an app.  I had a chicken dish (crispy), which was really tasty and my date had a fish entree.  We also ordered asparagus which was excellent.  For dessert, we split a chocolate dessert, which was also very good.  I would go back again anytime!I had my birthday dinner there last weekend - the bar/lounge area was cool but I was disappointed with the food.  It was sort of this glorified Chinese take out style...  it was definitely enjoyable but not all the hype it received... not sure about the crowd though, it was friday night and seemed bit touristy.This place is absolutely beautiful. I love the drinks here. So far Probably the best place for me  to grab a great drink with my friends. 4 stars for the drinks. hopefully the food will impress me more on my next visit.Wow, Buddakan did not disappoint in any way. We we're referred to the restaurant by our concierge and were more than pleasantly surprised. The atmosphere was incredible, every corner of the restaurant was pure perfection. The fabulous staircase that leads you into the sunken dining room is beyond impressive. I didn't think the food would top the great decor and service but it did. The menu is designed for sharing which works out wonderful so you can try more of what Buddakan has to offer. Very unique drink menu. Highly recommended - first class restaurant in first class location. I'll be back!I will never be back.  This place is very trendy and asthetically pleasing.  Those are the only positives and that is why I gave it the one star.  We went here on 9/11 around 7 pm for an early dinner before a concert.  Everyone at my office told me not to go here - that it was for tourists...but I didnt listen and went anyway.  The food was ehhh.  I could have gotten the same thing for much less at any chinese food place near my house.  It was totally unimaginative and average.  Plus it just felt like the whole place was trying too hard.  I will not be returning and I would suggest you skip it as well.Nice looking place but, unfortunately, it's a factory, not a restaurant for anyone who wants good food for their money. Interesting ideas for their dishes, but execution and delivery of most dishes was mediocre to poor. Lamb chops with crystalized ginger and accompanying bok choy were served cold and tasteless. Fried rice with Chinese sausage tasted like leftovers. Wild mushroom chow fun...tasted like salt. I don't know who was cooking when we were there last weekend, but I say if you want to go to Buddakan, go for a drink and dumplings in the bar area (the carrot dumplings are adorable and tasty). Don't take a chance on ruining a special dinner, like we did.Great place! Great ambiance! Great food- particularly liked the carrot dumplings and the vegetable rice with coconut curry foam. Its a great place to celebrate special occasions.  The specialty cocktails are a must try with special recommendations for the "haze" which is a delicious lychee drink  and the "fate" which has a nice fruity flavor! Service is good, although the place is super busy.Reservations are recommended well in advance.Decor was very nice, service was great and all the dishes were definitely unique and had good flavors.Amazing food but it is expensive. Get the Alaskan Black Cod- I don't even love fish but this fish melts in your mouth like butter. The Crying Chocolate Cake comes with jasmine tea ice cream which is unreal! The tuna tartare spring rolls were also great if you like a spicy kick! Loved the edamame dumplings too- it was so creamy and delicious and it came with an amazing broth.I really can't find anything bad to say about this place. I made reservations for me and 3 friends, as soon as we came in we were told to go to the lounge and somebody would take us to our seats shortly. After we got drinks and about ten minutes passed, we were taken to our seats. The whole place looks really nice and well decorated. We had the friendliest waiter and he really knew a lot about the menu which is important since I want to know about what I am eating and what's best to order. The food tasted great, we got a bunch of appetizers since it was too late at night for whole entres. We were served quickly and everything was delicious, especially crying chocolate for dessert!I spend way too much time here.   Don't get me wrong, its great, but Buddakan has become my dining crutch.Hailing from Philly, I've been a fan of the Starr Restaurant empire since I was 17, when I used to frequent Buddakan Philadelphia to (drink underage) ahem dine.  Buddakan Philly feels like a more intimate Tao, but Buddakan New York reminds me of the castle in the Beauty and the Beast movie.  VERY different feel.  The Buddakan NY menu blows the Philadelphia menu out of the water.  The food is pretty much upscale, stylized Chinese fare -  I love my food stylized, and I love everything about the menu.   Try the shrimp dumplings, the tuna tartare spring rolls and the house fried rice.   Or don't.  Regardless of what  you order, Its hard to steer wrong at one of Starr's places.   Another SRO hit.Came here to celebrate my brother in law's bday. First visit... definitely the fanciest chinese restaurant i've been to. I mean i'm used to the chinatown chinese restaurants, or flushing... this one is different, it's like chinese restaurant run by europeans. Atmosphere was great, we didn't the get the private tables, 4 of us ended up on the big communal table but it was all good, enough room. Food was good. Had the deviled tuna tartare, foie gras eggroll, peking duck salad, ribeye, cod, lamb, lobster fried rice and mushroom noodle... pricey, expected that but great for the occasion. Mushroom chowfun...not that good but everything else were. Would i return? yes, for the atmosphereMy parents decided to treat me for a birthday dinner at Buddakan.  As soon as I steped into the place i was in awe of how sheek the decor was.  The food was delicious and the prices were very reasonable for a trendy resturant.  The presentation of the food was very nice but the deserts were out of this world!!!!!!!Made a reservation for 5:45pm but realized that we would be running a little late so I called in to ask if they could push the reservation to 6:15pm. They said that if I were to change my reservation it would be changed to 10:15pm. What the heck? Most of the tables were empty when we arrived anyway so I don't understand why they couldn't push our reservation later by half an hour. Other than this annoying fact the food was very good albeit a little too salty.Appetizers:Edamame Dumplings - One of their signature dishes and I can see why. The filling is very creamy and most suitable for my palate as it wasn't too salty. Chili Rock Shrimp - Another signature dish. Although it was very good (I love spicy food and I love seafood) it was a touch too salty.Entrees:Charred Filet of Beef - Signature dish again. Absolutely tender filet mignon with a garlic sauce that was not overpowering.Glazed Alaskan Black Cod - Another signature dish. Very soft flaky and the fish itself is naturally sweet so it was very delicious.Shacha Chicken -  Most of the chicken was tender although some pieces were a bit dry. I liked the bbq sauce that was underneath it though.Cauliflower Stir Fry - Mainly ordered this because I wanted a vegetable dish. Wasn't my favorite but it wasn't bad.Sides:Dungeness Crab Sticky Rice - Nothing too special as I've had this at real chinese restaurants and they make it better but it wasn't bad at all.Wild Mushroom Chow Fun - Ordered this because the five of us were still hungry after eating all the other food. It was piping hot when it came out which is exactly the way I like my hot food. Again it was a touch too salty but it might not be so for others.Desserts: Almond Bread Pudding w/ Whiskey ice cream - Very sweet, decadent, and delicious.Crying Chocolate w/ Jasmine Tea ice cream - My cousin got this so I didn't taste the chocolate cake but was told it was like a chocolate lava cake. I wish I could buy the Jasmine Tea ice cream separately because I love tea and this was so yummy.Vanilla Rhubarb Shortcake - Don't know how to feel about this because it was basically a twinkie covered in sauce and a small shortcake. It was okay but definitely not worth $10.I went with my girlfriend for her birthday last night. We got there a little earlier than expected and we were given a table right away. I ordered 2 drinks from the bar thinking we would be waiting till our reservation time and the hostess waited till we had our drinks and took them from us to take them to the table. The service from the start was stellar. The decor... stunning... amazing.. We take are seats and this cute little table and our server comes to us in less than 5 seconds of us being seated .. introduces himself and proceeds to go over the menu with us. The most knowledgeable waiter i have ever had. Being a chef i can appreciate when a waiter goes out of his/her way to know the ingredients and flavor profiles of the dishes. We look over the menu after we order some apps. He makes amazing recommendations for apps.. we look at what he recommended for the main course and its exactlly what we were looking for. Apps Scalion pancakes with shredded shortribs on top .. to die for! edemame dumplings .. deliciousMain Courses: Black pepper beef... melt in your mouth good and the smell was even betterMongolian Lamb Chops.. i can't describe these .. they were just so delicious and cooked to perfection at medium rare... just so.. :::sigh:::: yumsides: Veg fried rice with coconut curry foam... 100% yummy. alot better than what i expected .. very goodCharred asparagus.. very delicious. Dessert... pumpkin cheesecake and sorbet trio which you can mix and match if you don't want a certain flavorI don't know what these people on here are talkng about that this is mediocre chinese food or that its just ok... venture out and get something different ... as a chef i can say 100% this place is superb and the service was impecable. My whole experience was perfect. My girlfriend loved it and shes a picky eater. Can't wait to go back!What can I say about this place. Good food, good drinks, good people, and good ambiance. First walking into this place I was amazed by the great decor. It was what I pictured a hip NYC restaurant to look like. We were there for dinner and had the tuna tartare spring rolls, the black pepper beef, lobster fried rice and asian green stir fry. All the food was yummy and I especially enjoyed the black pepper beef and lobster fried rice. For dessert we had the crying chocolate. It was like a hot chocolate souffle cake with melted chocolate in the middle and jasmine tea ice cream. It was so good I want some just thinking about it. I guess the area that Buddakan is located is the trendy nightlife area. After dinner we stepped outside and had a vast selection of different lounges and night clubs in the area. A perfect ending to a perfect night.We went to Buddakan in December 2012  upon recommendation from my boss who frequents NYC a lot. It was my birthday so we wanted to go somewhere nice while we were in the city. I will be honest we read reviews and everything seemed to be top notch. OH WERE THOSE REVIEWS CORRECT. The food here is absolutely amazing! I have to say I have never been to place that I thoroughly enjoyed every course. Be prepared to spend a little cash. It wasn't to ridiculous but it wasn't cheap. The staff was extremely nice. Our waitress was awesome.Food suggestions:BO BO Plate-Everything was absolutely fantasticLobster fried rice- AMAZING!Tea Soaked Sesame Beef- I could not get enough of this dish and I'm not a big beef eater. It was soooooo good! Sweet & Crispy Jumbo Shrimp- These as well were very good.Crying Chocolate- It was so good I would have licked the plate if I wouldn't have looked crazy!!! I HIGHLY SUGGEST THIS RESTAURANT!!!!We plan on returning when we are in the city in May.Love, love love the food and ambience. No complaints at all!We held a birthday dinner at Buddakan this past weekend and could not have been more pleased with the experience. The staff was courteous and wonderfully accommodating to our large group. I ordered a birthday cake several weeks before as a surprise, and it was handled beautifully. The price of the cake was relatively inexpensive but was worth every penny as it was moist and decadent. I'd been to Buddakan once before several years ago, but was left with such a great impression that I was eager to share it with my friends. Buddakan is lovely on the inside, and the food is even better. Most notable were the edamame dumplings which melt in your mouth and the sweet & sour chicken. I'd absolutely recommend Buddakan to anyone looking for a pleasurable dining experience in the city. Just don't forget to try the edamame dumplings!while you might write off buddakan as just another typical restaurant in the meatpacking district, don't be so quick to judge. meatpacking is known for ambiance, and the interior of this asian-fusion restaurant does not disappoint.  their fate and smash cocktails are delicious, and do not interfere with the flavors from the meal. memorable dishes include jade shrimp dumplings, char siu roast pork and deviled tuna tartare. my favorite by far is the chili rock shrimp!overall experience was very nice, chalk it up to great atmosphere, service, food, and friends.Not as impressed this time around...the hype has overshadowed this place. The dark lighting, budda motifs, and medieval lighting was a bit cliche for me. I also wasn't too into the menu and only ordered drinks. I felt a bit like "been there, done that!" I would not go here if I was a local NYC resident. It's past its prime...next!!!3.5 starsThere were some hits and misses recommended by Yelpers...We waited in the lounge for less than a minute before our table was ready.L. and I were seated downstairs next to the main room. It's pretty dark in there... We ordered:1) Hoisin-glazed Pork Belly: these were so good, and can really fill you up!2) Edamame Dumplings: pillowy soft, but mushy inside -- Good, not great, not a huge fan of edamame.3) Chili Rock Shrimp: horrible: taste like tangy, buffalo wing sauce on fried shrimp - L. loves everything, but hated this dish -- Nobu has better Rock Shrimp.4) Whole Crispy Fish: Big enough for 3, good - but I prefer a whole steamed/fried fish in Chinatown...5) Sizzling Short Rib: dry, didn't care for it. The mushroom chow fun was good, similar to authentic chinese style, but a lil too salty.5) Chinese Sausage Fried Rice: yes, it's greasy, it's dried pork sausage with pork fat. -- L loved it, I liked the egg. You can definitely taste the chinese sausage in every bite, which may or may not be a good thing depending on how much you like it... ;)Drinks -- 1) Fever - worse drink - it wasn't spicy, there was no kick to it, it was just bitter.2) Charm - if you like sparkling white wine, which I don't -- you'll enjoy it3) Fate -  best drink of the night - really sweet though.4) Depth - great, slight sweetness from the lychee, could taste the sake.I had all 4 drinks and I was totally fine, those drinks need more alcohol... or maybe it's just me.Seriously I was full on the appetizers alone and I didn't even have lunch. The entrees weren't as small as I thought they'd be. I don't think the food was too expensive, considering you're paying for the quality and the ambience. The decor is okay, nothing really special.I prefer authentic chinese food in Chinatown, but I also like cleanliness, great service, and ambience, so I'll be back to try the other appetizers on the menu.Bill came to $216 for 2 with a huge tip.Everything about Buddakan deserves stars. The food is so amazing, you realize really quick why reservations are necessary to have dinner here pretty much any day of the week.I'd like this place more if it weren't so... meatpacking.  You're supposed to feel very lucky and special just to be there at all, even if you are made to wait half an hour despite your reservation, on a weeknight.  The space is inarguably beautiful - especially the stunning downstairs.  The food is good on the whole, but not spectacular.  The yellowtail appetizer was very fresh and good.  The pork belly was reminiscent of, but not as good as, the pork buns at Momofuku.  The jumbo shrimp were coated in an unfortunate, sickly sweet mayonnaise-based sauce.  (Nothing should taste like mayonnaise in an upscale restaurant.  Are we clear on that?)  The fillet of beef was tasty, and came with a buttery bernaise.  I had the chocolate mille feuille for dessert based on yelper recommendations, but it was nothing special.  But the passionfruit mousse dessert was stellar - the consistency of a light fluffy cheesecake, with slices of delicate meringue. The service was odd - our waiter disappeared for such a long stretch that I was sure he'd left the premises for good.  The cute tattooed bartender was nice though, and my second delicious elderflower & gin cocktail was free.  Which would have meant more to me if the firm wasn't paying!Sceney, with great food, service and decor. I've only come on weekdays, so can't attest to the weekend crowd. Fun for drinks and dinner.Love the edamame dumplings and for an asian restaurant, the desserts are surprisingly good (try the chocolate mille-feuille) I'd choose Buddakan over Tao.Chili rock shrimp are perfection and the snap peas with mushrooms were addictive! The lobster fried rice is a must try. Service was a little slow but if your with a group and enjoying conversation its not bad.Our local city girl took us here while we were visiting NYC and it did NOT disapppoint. In fact, we still talk about the food we ate while we were there. Who knew a basement could look so outstanding? Unassuming on the outside and gorgeous inside, this place is a gem. I figured snooty service would come along judging by the looks of this place but we had a wonderful server and never felt rushed or cheap (we didn't order alcohol). Our food was simply amazing and I didn't think the price was inflated, either. Will go back next time we visit the East Coast.Part of why I love my visit to NYC. The food! This restaurant! First off, its located in a great area (Meatpacking district)While waiting you can actually order drinks and appetizers and have a place to sit to enjoy it!  It's sorta like a lounge to a hotel.Decor - EXCELLENT!Food-EXCELLENT!Service-EXCELLENT!Must try:Mongolian Lamb Chops crystallized ginger crustSeared Pork Tenderloin wild mushrooms, lotus scented rice, chinese baconChinese Sausage Fried Rice Total SEX AND THE CITY!Have a couple of Cosmos with all your gals here. Sit and chit chat through the night. PERFECTO. Gotta love this place. It's up to par.The food is really great here.Everything is great especially the dungess crab and lobster fried rice.P.S don't leave without having the crying chocilate.The best time to go is weekday if you choose to go on weekend make reservations.Thou must eat the edamame dumplings with truffle.  They were divine.  I want to go back just for those. The place was a bit dark and a bit noisy, but that's my only complaint.  Food was great, service was good and I recommend this if you are in th e meat-packing district.  OHH, I'm not from NYC, but would say this is a tad touristy because it's so popular.  So, if you aren't from NYC and visiting, this is a must.  :-)From the beginning till the end everything was perfect 5 star service excellent food beautiful ambiance this place is a must Thanks for this great experiencefood is sooo delicious. try the veal cheeks.service was great.and the decor & atmosphere are amazing.Fantastic atmosphere, great service, average food.  Being from SF, I've had much better Asian delights, if only we could get this swanky of a place to eat them in.In short, Buddakan can be summed up in 2 words: edamame dumplings.  I don't even LIKE edamame, but when it's dumplingized and creamy, apparently I love it.  And any trip to Buddakan without them would be akin to visiting Paris without catching a glimpse of the Eiffel Tower.  Actually, most of the appetizers and desserts are great, but the mains are a notch or two below.  Since everything is served family style, I'd recommend a tapas type approach with lots of appetizers instead of a multi-course meal.  And as far as the space, worth a visit in and of itself -- dual height ceilings, dim lighting, terrific vibe for a nice meal with friends, when the parents are in town, or on a date.  A great transplant from Philly -- now if only Tequila's would follow suit...I had a gift certificate for $150...which means my friend and I went all out.  We had a reservation for 630 on a thursday evening for dinner and everything went smoothly.Tips & Comments:-Sample everything and order the dim sum or appetizers!  Highlights included the boneless spare ribs-melt in your mouth, the crispy duck spring rolls, tuna tartatre...delish!-Main entree- hot and sour scallops-amazing!-Service was impeccable-Decor was dark and dim-Drinks were over the top but perfect- 16 bucks for a martini-Seating downstairs is ideal.Buddakan is beautiful, the entrance reminds me of checking into a hotel! I remember seeing it in Sex and the City  and always wondered where they were. It was honestly just as beautiful as the movie portrayed. We ordered drinks that were delicious and their egg rolls to munch on. I'm deducting stars from their review because the service is inefficient and honestly horrible. I saw a hostess looking around for her guests for a good 15 minutes because she was too scared to ask the wrong people...she literally circled and passed the correct couple  about 20 times. It took us an hour to get seated and we had a reservation. When we finally got seated and ordered, our waiter came back once to check on us and then disappeared. I had to call for someone else to get our check...the waiter was still no where to be seen. All in all, great food, great decor, horrible idiotic service.Maybe I just had really high expectations. As an avid Top Chef watcher, I've been wanting to try this restaurant for ages (I was a big fan of Dale!). I was super excited when my friend scored a reservation for 7 people on a Sunday night. The restaurant itself is beautiful. We walked down the grand stairs, and were seated at the large communal table. Felt like kings and queens!The food, unfortunately, definitely disappointed:- Edamame Dumplings: Didn't expect the filling to be a mushy puree, but still pretty darn good- Deviled Tuna Tartare: Nice play on deviled eggs. I was pretty surprised when I bit into the tartare, expecting to taste avocado. Except it was egg whites covered in a green sauce. My friend found a tiny eggshell in his though...- Pork Belly Buns: Unfortunately I'm a pescetarian, but my friends all enjoyed this dish. Most agreed that Ippudo's are better- Miso Cod: Tender, melt in your mouth. Probably my favorite of the night- Monkfish: Recommended by the waiter. A definite NO. It was drenched in the oily kung pao sauce that you get with your Panda Express chicken. The sauce was so overpowering that I couldn't even taste the fish. - Lamb Chops: Didn't try this either, but some said this was the best lamb chops they've ever had!- Lobster Fried Rice: $19... for fried rice... with not much lobster... not worth it- Mushroom Chow Fun: Drenched in soy sauce... and the noodles were all stuck together! Definitely go to Chinatown for some real chow funsCocktails were okay. I got the Tranquility... couldn't taste any alcohol in it though.Maybe people come here more for the ambiance rather than the food. But if you're going to make me spend over $50 on very little food, the food better be good.Great food, almost perfect..just missing that one special touch..tuna tartar spring rolls were out of this world.peking duck was great, but do not order that...We asked to have our second round drinks first and then our main course and the waitress assured us it would take time, but it took about 1 min and 30 seconds before our food arrived..had to drop a star because of thatGreat ambiance and service...will go back and try different items next timeLooove this place!!!.. It's really uniquely decorated and really decadent. Each room is different. I love the luxurious oriental  feel of Buddhakan. The food is not expensive and phenomenal!.. Really enjoyed the dishes which are a nice change from Thai options for Asian. Had a great time at this restaurant.Exemplary service. Food was definitely not traditional. I ate mainly appetizers only because I wanted to try a wider sample of their menu.Buddakhan is a great place to dine if you are looking for something trendy and cool.  The food is good but it is not the place if you are looking for cuisine fit for foodies.  The menu is Pan Asian, so it contains variations on traditional dishes.  The lobster fried rice is good but a bit salty. ...the same goes for the wok tossed noodles with prawns.  However, I must say that the cocktails are delish. I had the charm, which contains passion fruit liquor, berries, prosecco and apple.Happened to have a res the night after seeing the premiere of Sex and the City, and Carrie had her engagement dinner here.  Got there early, and were seated 45 minutes after our reservation time...so we sat sipping on proseco at the bar area.  They comped half our meal and gave us free amazing appetizers (please get the lobster spring rolls).  Had great tofu stir fry dishes and overall, was utterly satisfying and fresh for trendy chinese food.  The peanut butter desert was too much tho...20/person later and still happy even tho we were sat so late, it was hilarious!  I'm going back and paying full price stat.I feel like gourmet Chinese can't be done successfully, true it's not as oily and a bit more refined. Their edamame dumplings were good, the soup dumplings were disappointing and nothing else was memorable. I'm not really a fan of the decor either. I'd rather go to Chinatown and save my money.GORGEOUS place!  and beautifully-presented food.  -but-after waiting 45 min for our reservation (why make one then?), we were seated and had our beautiful meal- good service.  The menu looked amazing, but the appetizer, three dishes, and dessert  we had were extremely ordinary-tasting.  (Wasn't BAD, but wasn't exactly very tasty or well-prepared for the prices paid.)  The noodles were overcooked, and fried rice soggy (I think this happens when the oil temp isn't high enough).  Two dishes came out lukewarm/cold, ten minutes ahead of the third dish.  (Shouldn't all entrees come out together, unless otherwise requested?)  Then we sent the two back for fresh dishes, only to find "new" ones STILL lukewarm/cold.  (Did they just stick it under a heat lamp and wait 10 min???)   REALLY quite disappointing to me, since one would expect that w such decor and flowery description of menu items and superb presentation, that the food wouldn't taste so ordinary, especially for the price.Not to mention (again) the bad timing and cold food.  Oh, and they forgot the "birthday surprise", which was confirmed twice.  Oh, and THEN the 45-min wait WITH reservation on a weeknight.I suppose if you're not bothered by the temperature/taste of the food, and you just want to be in a gorgeous place w gorgeous everything, this is the place.  (I really want to like it here!!!  I originally thought I'd rate this a 3-star "OK" until I read this over.)  Maybe a place for just drinks, then, if you don't get munchies?  HOW disappointing.  :(UPDATE (worse):apparently we complained via next-day-phone-call to the manager, who agreed, apologized, and said she'd talk to the "head manager" and call us back the next morning.  That was three days ago.  (I really should go down another star after this, but enough said, I'm sad enough as it is...)Amazing place for a birthday celebration, we just loved it. Impeccable service. Everyone was so nice, and I was shocked considering it is so easy to be the opposite of that if you work at a trendy restaurant. The food was fantastic, and we were not looking for super authentic asian-style cuisine, we were looking for the whole package of a superb time and had just that at Buddakan.Not a fan of anything we ordered, which was the chili rock shrimp (tiny shrimp), hoison glazed pork belly, and fried rice. However, the atmosphere is awesome. I'd go here only for drinks.This is my favorite place! Wish the menu had a wider selection since I've already tried everything on the menu! Love the tuna tartar and lobster fried rice. There isn't anything on their menu that doesn't taste good! Absolutely love! I did leave a gift card with a birthday card here on the table, and when i went back my table was clean and the card was gone!! Unfortunately none of the waiters reported it lost to the front desk - which disappointed me tremendously. When i went back all the staff seemed annoyed to help me look.  Not the greatest service for someone who loves this place so much...but besides that mishap that the food is excellente, and the ambiance is fantastic.The Service and the food was great!The wait was only 5 minutes to be seated, so we grabbed a drink and chatted so we didn't mind. The atmosphere was a plus and the dim lighting made for a great evening.Recommend this place for sure.Definitely a good-looking people crowed. Should be dressed up and ready for a good dish, you would definitely lick your finger when you're done. Crowed on a Wednesday night. Can't wait to celebrate my sisters birthday here on October 16.This restaurant is impressive and the big draw for tourists seems to be that a portion of the "Sex In The City" movie was filmed here.  With that said, it was annoying to be seated in a pretty dark atmosphere and have tourists constantly taking pictures and the flash blinding you.  We managed to enjoy our food, since it was well prepared and delicious.  The drinks were great.  A nice place if you don't mind the tourists and their inability to be considerate to other diners.  I would definitely say that Buddakan in Philadelphia is better than the one in New York, but our meal was good and it's a good place for Asian cuisine.Everything sucks. Food. Service.Perfect service. Fantastic food. Very knowledgeable staff. Fabulous atmosphere. Get the edamame dumplings! Loving night, full of 'Charm'.Food was amazing. Atmosphere was amazing. Super fun night.Too pricey but great food and atmosphere!My friend took me here for my birthday. We got the chilli shrimp rock, lobster noodle, lobster fried rice, hoisin glazed pork buns and crying chocolate cake. They were all delicious!!! You can skip the lobster noodles but it was good. The price wasn't too bad either. Not as overpriced as most NY places.Great food, slow service.  Have been more than a dozen times.  Order the edamame dumplings, short rib, peking duck, and the lobster and shrimp chow fun.Went there last Saturday for a last minute bday dinner. While we couldn't score a table in the actual dining room (thanks for nothing, credit card concierges!!!), we were able to find seating in the bar area right away and, after looking around a bit helplessly for a few minutes or so, even secured our server for the night. We started with a few drinks (Charm, Tranquility, Splash), all of which were tasty. For appetizers, we went with the edamame dumplings as so many folks here had recommended them, the tuna tartare spring rolls and the scallion pancakes. I will agree that the dumpling filling reminded me of baby food as well, they were tasty but not something I'd order again. The pancakes and the short ribs were tasty but the meat was a bit too cold when the dish arrived at the table. The tuna spring rolls were my favorite, although the dough around the fish threw me off...as I always thought egg rolls were friend and spring rolls were not. However, still very, very tasty!We followed up with one Asian sausage fried rice, the sweet and sour chicken and the spiced tofu. I would recommend skipping the tofu dish as the tofu itself was spongy, flavorless and soggy and the veggies a bit too oily. The sweet and sour chicken was good but lacked flavor (think boiled chicken...watery). The fried rice was def. my favorite and the fact that it was a huge dish didn't hurt either. All in all, we spent less than 150 on 3 drinks, 3 appetizers and 3 main courses - and that includes tip already - for a trendier place in the city, this really isn't bad. Although, previous reviewers were spot on about the water: we had to ask to even get any in the first place and had to continuously ask for refills.I know all you SATC fans must make a pilgrimage to this holy place but all the hoopla is highly OVERRATED. Their renowned "must try" edamame dumplings were mediocre and for the amount they're charging you for each dish, one would expect a lot more in the presentation. The beef lettuce cups were literally one itsy bitsy beef medallion on a bed of one itsy bitsy lettuce. Who are we feeding here, munchkins? Almond bread pudding is the only worthwhile item on the menu. If I were you, I would be out of there in a NY minute.I'm typically not a fan of high-end restaurants.  Their minuscule portions are generally no match for my vast appetite, and their hefty prices too much for my student budget.  And of course, there would usually be a palpable air of pretension that sometimes turns eating into an artistic endeavor.But Buddakan is unlike the others.  While their portions won't exactly remind anyone of Chinese takeouts, they are still sizable compared to restaurants of similar pedigree.  The decor is nice and intimate, but not so much as to overshadow the dining experience.  And the food is good.  I'm usually skeptical of these kinds of Americanized Asian places, but this place is the real deal.  Frog legs, Peking Duck...savory and authentic.Bad bad food! Service is so so! The only rock thing is decor! But after i had food poison here I forgot even about that one! Very bad! People who count themselves as a foodie wont be impressed! Bye bye Buddakan!I've been here a couple of times on business dinners and really like it so I recommended it for dinner with another couple. I was not let down again. The dishes here are fresh, tasty and blend different spices and tastes for a great sensation. For appetizers we had wok fried oyster with foie gras, (great blend of tastes with the oyster, some soy and the fried texture), tuna spring rolls (how do they keep the tuna cold with the spring roll fried!!! was awesome), boneless spareribs (very tender, glazed tasted like plum), general tso dumplings (similar to a soup dumpling but with kick) char sui pork "buns" (actually pork belly with a hoison glaze!).  All were top notch and I would have them again.For side dishes we split the lobster fried rice (very delicate with pieces of lobster throughout) and the dungeness sticky rice (a heavier rice wi pieces of crab served in the car shell) were both excellent and contrasted with each other nicely.For entrees we had Mongolian lamb chops (I'm not a lamb fan but by the sound of the people who had them were oohing over them), charred filet of beef (tender like butter served medium rare with a wasabi mayo), sweet and crisply shrimp (a sweet but spicy glaze was perfect), black pepper beef (a little kick!).A great dinner with friends is the perfect night out. I recommend this to small or large groups but the larger the group you can share more!!!really liked this place.  good food, great decor. will return.  I recommend sitting in the main banquet hall at shared table or one near by.  it's the best room the place has to offer.will excitedly return .I went there 2 nights ago, took my best friend because someone recommand to me this place.first of all, the receptionist sent me anywhere inside, she said : ok u can go!i had to walk till downstairs, no waiters stopped me at all, to ask me what i was doing or if i needed anythingi had to ask 3times, and the waiters kept sending me to other waitersthe restaurant wasnt even busy15 later because i ask for someone, we got a table, but the service was very long, and the waiter didnt even clean our tableeven if the food and drinks was good, i was very upset about the service i gotI am a waitress too, in a simple bistro, and in my whole waitress life i never seen that everi will never recommande this placeI hosted my 23rd birthday dinner at Buddakan NYC. I had originally made reservations at Butter but backed out after they started imposing absurd price restrictions for groups. I called them on the Thursday before my Saturday dinner and got lucky as they had an opening for 15 people! The special events coordinator was so accomodating and made the planning process very easy, I was able to pre-select everything from their prix fixe menus and they let me add in substitutions from their a la carte menu.  When we first arrived, the lounge looked very crowded, but it was pretty spacious downstairs in the main sitting area. They seated us at the large communal table located in the center of the restaurant -- a swanky and fun atmosphere. This is where Carrie Bradshaw and Mr. Big's engagement party was filmed in the first SATC movie!! The restaurant was fairly busy as it was a Saturday night, but our staff was extremely friendly and attentive. The decor was fabulous and darkly lit with high ceilings and gorgeous chandeliers. Dress code: Most girls were wearing dresses/skirts or jeans with heels and most guys were in slacks and a dress shirt. We started by having the specially created birthday cocktail! They began bringing out the food almost immediately after. Everything was served family style. For appetizers, we started with edamame dumplings, cantonese chicken and shrimp spring rolls, general tso's dumplings and a calamari salad. The edamame dumplings were fried but not too oily. The calamari salad had green apples, cashews and miso vinaigrette - perfect blend of flavors. The General tso dumplings were sweet and tangy, and dipped in a hot & sour broth. We were already pretty full from all the delicious appetizers when the main course started rolling out! For the entrees, we had:1. sizzling short ribs - they were cooked how I like them (well done), not too dry, not too moist -- just right. 2. sweet & crispy jumbo shrimp - my guests said they were delicious, I'm allergic so I can't comment on the shrimp. 3. shacha 5-spice barbeque chicken - the bbq chicken was tender, moist, mildly spicy and paired well with the lo mein and vegetable rice. 4. hot & sour scallops with sweet corn, tofu & black mushrooms - the scallops were yum!5. minced pork lo mein and vegetable (side) - great lo mein, wasn't greasy, and it served as the perfect side6. vegetable rice with coconut curry foam - rice with coconut curry, standard thai combination, it was deliciousMy favorites were the chicken, scallops and lo mein.They gave us 3 chef-selected desserts:1. golden carrot cake with black raisin plum sauce and caramelized cream cheese2. "crying chocolate" malted white chocolate ganache with a side of jasmine tea ice cream3. peanut butter bar with char siu peanuts, sweet and sour cherry sauce, and horlicksI can't decide on a favorite dessert because they were all to-die-for!Overall, the planning process was smooth and stress-free, the service was impeccable, and most importantly, the food was AMAZING. I can't think of a single con so I give Buddakan NYC 5 stars! The event was fantastic!Rank C-. Overpriced "modern/fusion" Chinese food. Trendy place (if that's worth anything) that has flourished after "Sex and the City." Place is full of douchebags and girls who think that they're hot. Jersey/Bridge 'n Tunnel crowd. The sugar snap peas, mao poe tofu (they spell it incorrectly), boneless spare ribs, tuna spring rolls (good), Singapore chili king crab (better at Fatty Crab - Malaysian style), hot & sour scallops are all decent. Better Chinese food at a fraction of the cost in Chinatown.I highly recommend this place , professional and friendly staff. Really beautiful and trendy decor, cool chill out soundtrack. The food is yummy, small portions, but tasty. expect to spend $100 per head  (min) that includes tip and drinks. not bad for such a nice place in manhattanOne of my favorite places in NYC.    Great food and great drinks.   My favorites are edamame soup dumplings and the short ribs.   the bar area is usually happening.The ambiance is what you would expect in the meatpacking district.  Very dark but spacious.I've been to the original and the one on AC and it's all fairly consistent.I recommend this place if you're looking for good, solid pan asian cuisine.Went to Buddakan last week while visiting NYC.  Gorgeous place!  Food was very yummy!  We had the carrot dumplings, lobster fried rice, peking duck and spare ribs.  My favs were the duck and fried rice. Service was great too.  Would plan to revisit when back in NYC.Went here to celebrate his Birthday and our 2 year anniversary. The atmosphere is very romantic with dim lighting and beautiful decor. We arrived a little earlier than the time we reserved for and they were full so we went to the lounge to have a few drinks and wait. The male bartender was friendly while the female bartender seemed annoyed that my boyfriend was asking her the name of the drink she was making for someone else :-/ I ordered the "Fever" cocktail and he ordered the "Solid" which were both great. However, my boyfriend found a piece of blond hair in his drink (the only person we saw working with blond hair happened to be our waitress who brought the drink over to us) and when he took it to the bar they gave him a bit of an attitude but replaced it. Like it was his fault someones hair was in his drink or he placed it there to make their lives miserable lol pathetic (I have black hair). Anyway, we also ordered the "General Toss Dumplings" and they were delicious, beware though, they are a bit soupy inside so when you dig in, they pop and might splash on you. The only complaint, I felt like they were a little cold but didn't want to complain since they gave such attitude for the drink earlier. When we were seated, we were greeted by our waiter (so mad I can't remember his name!) but he was absolutely wonderful. He was not snobby or slacking at all. The floor manager who was walking around stopped and spoke to us a few times and was also very pleasant, even got down on the ground with his flashlight to help me find my earring back when it slipped out :-) lol. So we ordered the Garlic Lobster (nice big lobster cut up and sauteed/tasty but a little too much garlic for my taste), the Charred Filet of Beef with a spicy mayo-like sauce and mustard (delicious but on the small side) and the Lobster Fried Rice (not a fan, rice was a bit hard and very bland/bf thought it was fine). After dinner, our table was cleared and we were brought a banana bread dessert with bananas, ice cream,  cookies which read "Happy Anniversary" on one, "Congradulations" on another, "Happy Birthday" on the last, and candles. I thought it was very well presented, and the dessert was delicious. I made my reservation to the restaurant on opentable.com and noted that we were celebrating his bday and our anni & any kind gesture would be appreciated and I am am thankful for the way the dessert came out, my boyfriend thought it was a sweet little surprise. Howeverrrrr, (lol) I thought it was lame that they charged $10 for the dessert. Over all, it was a pleasant experience and the food was decent, I won't mind going back and hanging out in the lounge but I'm not in a rush to go back. Oh AND I was charged $300 on my CC when our bill was $150 for dinner (including tip) Currently waiting for the pending sign to go away so I can make a dispute :(Well, I've been here twice now in the past 5-6 weeks and the second visit was merited but the third will be not, and you'll find out why below.The bar/lounge area is beautiful, the edamame dumplings and vegetable dumplings are quite good, a solid wine and champagne selection albeit very overpriced, a great place to see and be seen for the meatpacking district and is generally an under-assuming (from the outside) and overall beautiful place from the inside. The space is quite large for a Manhattany type restaurant...Now, I decided to have a sales meeting dinner here based on our food from last time - this is one of the best peking duck I've ever had matched with the lobster fried rice which is quite good. Their tuna tartar appetizers are quite good too...the food here for that super fusiony pan asiany type of foodie in YOU, will be satisified.Now here is my gripe - my brother in law is a complete vegetarian for most of his life - 25-30+ years, (no meat, fish or poultry) and the first time we went, he noticed meat in his dish although he had asked it without. They rectified the situation and brought out a new dish...so he was there last night too and he had ordered a mushroom dish which doesn't have meat to begin with, only for it to be laden with BEEF. Yes folks, BEEF in a dish that doesn't even contain it based on the description in the menu! Needless to say, what my brother in law thought was sliced mushrooms, turned out to be BEEF as it was quite dark and one couldn't tell the difference in a bite with other items. This was COMPLETELY UNACCEPTABLE for this to happen a 2nd time, at which point several managers etc came to our table and comped our ENTIRE dinner for 4 people including champagne, an entire dessert spread etc. We realized that this was NOT the waitress' fault, so we tipped her $100 cash, and left with our entire $500-600+ dinner comped...I'd like to reiterate one last time, that the dish isn't even supposed to have beef in it, but the chefs decide to just add random ingredients in, this particular case from a moo-cow, which doesn't bode well for a vegetarian to say the least.Needless to say, we will NOT be returning here ever again...atleast not with my brother in law. I'm giving this 2 stars because the food is good, and the place is awesome, but for them to screw up TWICE in a row? unacceptable folks. Especially for a vegetarian who hasn't eaten beef in over 26 years...well, that changed last night and he was about to VOMIT at the table. This didn't make for an enjoyable experience at the least...YMMV.This was the first restaurant I dined at upon my arrival in NYC! It's where Carrie Bradshaw had her engagement party so it was more of a novelty than anything ... The decor is amazing! The bar at the front is dark and would b a great place to go on a date (maybe next time ;)) to start the night was a delicious cocktail we then ordered a degustation meal in hindsight it was to greedy as we could hardly move after it was finished. The desserts and cocktails was the highlight! Fried rice was a sell.The atmosphere is amazing, the food is "good"... but way way way overpriced.  I had to give the rating a 2 stars b/c you can get comparable food for 1/4 the price.Here's a list of what we had:=Appetizers=* Edamame dumplings - GREAT. the best thing we had.  very delicate, soft and creamy.  It had a very mild subtle flavor.  the broth they served it with was a perfect compliment.* Chili rock shrimp - OK. it was good but nothing special.  it was very well fried, not greasy.... and lathered with the mayo and sriracha sauce, the same sauce used in spicy tuna rolls, etc.=Entree=* Peking duck - GOOD. it was the whole duck, so i was expecting to eat just a bit of it and take most of it home... but the serving size was much smaller than I thought.  it is served with all of the bones and fat removed.  It had great flavor but the meat was a bit on the dry side and the skin was not crispy.  I prefer my duck fatty.* Lobster fried rice - GOOD. not greasy and tasty. the rice was a bit on the dry side which i like in fried rice.=Dessert=* Apple cider doughnuts - HORRIBLE.  the doughnuts were cold and dry and didn't taste that good.  But the creme fraiche ice cream it was served with was great.Buddakan, one of Stephen Starr's many restaurants, first caught my attention when it was featured in Sex and the City: The Movie, just as many non-New Yorkers may agree.  It was the location of Carrie and Mr. Big's wedding rehearsal dinner. I remember always wondering where the rehearsal took place because it seemed like such a cool place, and when I finally found out where it was I knew I had to eat there, especially since I would be spending the day at Chelsea Market!  Reservation made, I was set to go!  I arrived promptly and alerted the woman in the reception area of my reservation, and she asked me to wait in the lounge and that I would be greeted shortly and taken to my table.  I decided not to order a drink since I would be driving back to RI as soon as I finished my meal, and I've heard (through the grapevine) that drinking and driving is illegal, and also a bad idea.  So yeah, I didn't get a drink... even though I really wanted one.  I ordered tea instead.  Seriously.  It wasn't spiked.Mere moments after I sat down in the lounge (and checked my Facebook application on my Crackberry, killing time), I was escorted to my cozy table for 1 with a fabulous view of the lower level where Carrie and Big had their fancy schmancy rehearsal dinner :)  Okay, yes I'm obsessed.  Moving on... to the food.  I decided to get a few appetizers instead of having an entree.  First, I opted for the Lobster Egg Rolls, which quite frankly were a no brainer.  I mean, lobster?  Egg rolls?  They really are the real deal!  I bit into one (piping hot!) and the piece of lobster was so big that the whole piece (which was running the length of the entire egg roll) just came out.  I happily ate my now deconstructed egg roll with equal enjoyment as the put-together variety.My next decadent appetizer was also in fried form, but this had a cold filling :) Very unique!  For the Tuna Tartare Spring Rolls they fried the spring roll wrappers in a cylindrical shape and then later filled them with the tuna tartare filling.  These were yummy as well!  I love the crisp, fried exterior with the soft, slightly spiced tuna filling.My third and last choice was the Scallion Pancakes with Braised Beef Short Rib.  It sounded magnificent, but turned out to be somewhat disappointing.  Let me clarify, the dish didn't taste bad at all, it had a nice crisp texture to the pancake with perfectly cooked short rib covering it and crispy sour apple juliennes on top, but the flavors just weren't as bold as I'd expect.  When I pictured a braised short rib topped scallion pancake, I imagined the beef would have a very Asian-inspired flavoring, a special kick, but there was nothing.  It tasted like simply seasoned short ribs, nothing standing out.  They were also so beefy, that they masked the scallion pancake from standing out at all, and the dish is marketed as a scallion pancake first, and then lists the accompaniments in smaller lettering.  Although I ate this dish, and didn't regurgitate it afterward, I wouldn't order it again.  It just didn't stand out.  There are SO many other menu items that I wanted to try and next time those will hopefully satisfy me more than this dish, which wasn't a home run for me... sorry.In the future I really would like to return, decked out, cocktail in hand, and really make more of a night of it, but for my needs the other night, a satisfying meal and sustenance was a #1 priority.  Maybe next time I will have a 5 star experience as opposed to a 4 star one, with a replacement to the somewhat disappointing scallion pancakes, some more time spent enjoying the space, and a perusal of the cocktail menu :)  I look forward to that next visit, and there's sure to be more :)  And next time I don't plan on having to drive for 3 hours afterward!One of the better dining experiences in all of NYC.  The food is excellent, and totally price-worthy.  You will not break the bank dining here, for two.  It's an amazing combination.  Atmosphere and decor are top notch here.What can I say? Buddakan is amazing.  I love the swanky, indulgent atmosphere, which comes refreshingly sans any degree of annoying pretentiousness.  I have been here twice now and I have adored everything I have ever tried.  My personal favorites are the tuna tartare spring rolls, the chili rock shrimp, and the lobster fried rice.  Bonus points for consistently fantastic service.Really cool place with a great vibe.  Food was good with medium sized portions.  Shee pooh pooh interior design with friendly staff.  Funky drinks for a mere introductory price of $15 but who cares, your at Buddakan.If Buddakan were a guy, this is what he'd be like:  tall, dark, handsome.  Dressed to the nines, with a smile that makes you melt and with beautiful eyes to draw you in.  I'd take a look and immediately classify him as a pretty face.  And I would never expect that there could be more behind the façade.  So imagine my surprise when I finally dined here this past weekend.  I'd heard some good things but I was reluctant to believe it.It was a girls' weekend and between the three of us girls, we ordered two entrees, two sides, an appetizer and a dessert.  I'd expected the portions to be on the smaller side and we ordered just the right number of dishes for three people.  We started with an order of the pork gyoza and then Heather, Susan and I shared the pork tenderloin and the whole crispy fish with the house special fried rice and the grilled asian vegetables.  We finished with the crying chocolate.Pork gyoza - were good.  There are probably better starters but this one was solid.Pork tenderloin - cooked medium rare, it was perfect.  It came with a side of the best deep fried eggplant I've ever had.  In fact, if I could, I would order the eggplant by itself. This is not to say the pork tenderloin can't stand by itself.  It was as good as what I've had at Blue Hills but the eggplant is divine and worth fighting over.  Crispy whole fish - amazing.  Came with head and tail on.  Crispy on the outside and tender and juicy on the inside, it was enhanced further with a salad of fresh tomatoes, watermelon, and what could have been a daikon cousin.  House special fried rice - I usually steer clear of dishes this easy to make but this wasn't bad actually.  It provided a nice palate from which we could focus on the other complimentary flavors.Asian grilled vegetables - basically, bok-choy and other greens sauteed with garlic.  So simple and yet when you cook good quality vegetable just right, there's nothing that can beat that.When the crying chocolate came, and Heather finally cut into it with her fork, a river of chocolate flowed from it as we all "oooohhh-ed".  The coffee bean ice cream complements the chocolate well and with two bites each, dessert had disappeared.  All in all, service was great.  The dining room is just gorgeous.  Most surprisingly though, the food here was as good as Eleven Madison or Union Square Café.  Reservations can be difficult and prime time slots go about a month in advance.  I had tried booking dinner for large groups here and for groups of 15+, there are prix fixe menus that start at above $100 per person.  Dinner in smalller groups are much more reasonable and while I did not pick up the check, I don't think our dinner was more than $200 total, including tip.Great chilling place. We did not eat here we just came for drinks and it was great. We really enjoyed the atmosphere and we're looking forward to going back for a meal. The service was great and the decor is very beautiful. I was so glad a friend of ours brought us here... we'll definitely be heading back there.totally ridiculous!this is not a truly fair review, since we were treated to a corporate American Express card that could buy us all of our wildest culinary desires... so! what can i say about the food? honestly, i'd never pay for "upscale Chinese", or i wouldn't have, before last night.we started off with a zillion appetizers and dim sum, including Chili Rock Shrimp (an instant favorite, tasted like a riff on general tso's shrimp), Edamame Dumplings in a Shark Fin Broth (insanely delicious, done up soup-dumpling style with a creamy texture), Taro Puff Lollipops (another favorite, like hush puppies from heaven), Scallion Pancakes with braised short ribs and green apples, Steamed Char Sui buns (delicious.. but it was no Momofuku), Tuna Spring Rolls, and General Tso's Soup Dumplings (just like it sounds!).  not a thing was disappointing, and we were all delirious with gustatory delight.we washed the first course down with some of their creative cocktails (not being much a cocktail drinker myself, i stuck with the tamer "Tranquility", which was lemongrass-infused oolong tea and citrus vodka.. basically tasted like a reeeaaallly mild vodka tonic) and happily buzzed about in anticipation of the entrees...we were treated to Glazed Alaskan Black Cod (which was achingly good, so creamy and buttery and wonderful), Shrimp & Lobster Chow Fun (came in a big bowl which we all happily assaulted with our chopsticks), Charred Filet with crispy wonton potatoes (aka chips), a very impressive House Fried Rice, a salad of crisp Snow Peas tossed with soy sauce and roe, and topped it off with a nice order of Peking Duck (not as appreciated as the dishes that preceded it, but perhaps that was because our bellies were maxing out).more drinks, more excited talk about how delicious everything has been, and then we attacked the dessert menu.  the Crying Chocolate was the guaranteed crowd pleaser, with a warm chocolate ganauche and coffee ice cream, the Frozen White Chocolate Parfait was my personal favorite, if only for the unusually tasty candied kumquats and burnt orange ice cream (a couple in our group hated it... but they CLEARLY haven't trained their palate), the Coconut Souffle Cake with pineapple sorbet (i thought the sorbet was better than the souffle), and the Chocolate Mille Feuille, an incredible stacked pastry of dark chocolate, bruleed bananas, a reeeeediculous avocade anglaise, and spice chocolate ice cream.all told, we had a wonderful meal.  i question how fun it would have been if our ordering had been dictated by the fact that we were paying $12 per dim sum plate and $30 per entree... for Chinese food.  if i were to return without the corporate friends, i'd definitely just load up on the appetizers and maybe share an entree. but if you can write it off as a business expense ... do it!Amazing restaurant.  Go with friends and order a bunch of plates of the dim sum menu to share.We had a 7:30 reservation for a party of 5 on Saturday night.  The restaurant was already bustling but not uncomfortably full.  We ordered drinks at the bar while waiting for the rest of our party and were promptly seated after they arrived a few minutes later.The ambiance is dark and sexy.  Impressive for out of towners or a special date.  I like the stone walls, rounded archways and subdued lighting in the 'catacombs.'  It seemed a bit more intimate than the main dining room.The service was fast, maybe even a little too fast.  The dishes came out as they were prepared, and at first it was impressive, but then our table filled up and we felt rushed to eat everything before it got cold particularly the meat.  We ordered 3 apps, 4 entrees, 1 rice, 2 veggie dishes, and 2 desserts which left us all very full at $40/person (not incl. tax, tip, and drinks).Breakdown:*General Tso's Dumplings - Tasty but nothing special.  They were like ordinary dumplings but with the soup/sauce inside rather than separate for dipping.*Crab and Corn Fritters - A good sized portion and a nice amount of crab in each bite.  The dipping sauce was mayo and not really necessary.*Boneless Spare Ribs - Flavorful and tender.  Not overly tangy.*Charred Filet of Beef - This was a wonderful, soft cut of meat.  Almost melts in your mouth.*Mongolian Lamb Chops - Delicious and unique crystallized ginger crust.  Our friends that don't normally like lamb actually loved this dish.  The meat was tender and not gamey at all.*Charred Striped Bass - A hearty filet with flavorful layers of pickled ginger and prosciutto.  This is new on the menu and was highly recommended by our waiter.*Sweet and Crispy Jumbo Shrimp - Nice presentation.  Exactly as described.*House Special Fried Rice - Good amount of seafood.  A nice filler, but a touch too salty.*Wok Roasted Water Spinach - Lovely complement to the meal.  Also a little too salty, but not that oily.*Szechuan Long Beans and Shrimp - A bit greasy but the beans were fresh and firm.  The sauce was very flavorful.*Chocolate Mille Feuille - VERY rich and decadent.  The bruleed bananas were a nice touch.  The avocado sauce was also very good, but I'm not sure it paired well with the rest of the dessert.*Blueberry Butter Cake - I liked the corn ice cream very much.  It was unique and refreshing.  The blueberries and cake were nice but nothing special.  The flan had a nice texture but lacked the orange flavor.Simultaneously old-fashioned & hip, Buddakan blends medieval decor with tropical fauna in a vast space that's very easy to walk right past. Came at 5:30 when they opened up for dinner and were sat downstairs, not in the lounge (which filled up quite quickly before we departed). The Calamari Salad appetizer was surprisingly flavorful, the chilled udon noodles the best I've had, and the Kung Pao monkfish was spectacularly spicy yet not overpowering. Service was solid, portions tremendous (especially for the value--though drinks were a bit steep), and the ambiance was certainly nicer once more folks arrived to drown out the tunes. Happy we hit it up before the Chef departed for Asia.Very cool.  The appetizers were great (the edamame dumplings were delicious!), meals were tasty and the ambiance is very NYC - dark, trendy, stylish.  Worth checking out.What can get any more authentic than a Chinese person rating a Chinese restaurant?  Perhaps a Chinese born in China...but that's besides the point.  Buddakan has a very unassuming doorway that is simple and not imposing.  However, when you step in, it's a whole separate world that is transformed to take you somewhere between China, Italy, and New York.  With Cherubs dancing on the walls next to murals of the Meekong river, I was expecting italian sausage fried rice.  But I was quite surprised with how traditional some of their dishes are.  For starters, we had the scallion pankakes that were served with braised beef on top.  This was somewhat unfortunate because I love scallion pankakes and the taste of them were overpowered by the braised beef.  However, that said, the braised beef was increadible and very very very nicely done.  Other starters were the edamame dumplings, seasonal salad, and the chicken broth dumplings.  Of the appetizers, the chicken broth dumplings were the most dissappointing.  The reason being that they should've been made out of pork because in Chinese cooking, the fat that comes from steaming the dumplings is what creates the soup inside.  This can be found in typical shanghainese cuisine and is called "Shaio Loong Bao" or Little Dragon Bun.  For an entree, we all shared sweet and sour chicken, filet, veggies, fried rice, noodles, and a couple of other dishes.  We were a party of 5 and I would suggest that you get no more than 2 carb dishes.  Many of these are very traditional and I could hear my mother screaming at me for ordering these dishes at that price.   She would say: "I can make that entire meal for ten dollah...why you need to pay for that?"  Then I would say, but the ambiance and scene are partially what you pay for as well...and they definitely give you your money's worth.  Then she would mutter something under her breadth in Chinese and tell me I'm wasting my money.In total, for 5 ppl, stuffed to the gills with food and drinks, we walked out of there at $50/person which is not bad at all!  Great in fact considering all the time and fun we had there.  Definitely recommend and let me know how it goes for you!I ate here about a week ago when I was on vacation in NY. My boyfriend's aunt wanted to treat us to dinner before we left to go home the next day, and wanted to take us somewhere nice. I was in awe of the beauty of the restaurant when I first stepped in. The dim lighting and architecture made this feel like such a sexy place. We had made reservations for that evening, and upon checking in, we were told by the hostess that our reservations were not for Sunday, but rather for Monday. Instead of seeing what the problem was, she said we could go to the lounge where the full menu is served and they would try to work us in to a table in the restaurant. When we asked how long that might take, she could not provide us with an answer, but rather something that sounded as if she was reading off a cue card - "I hesitate to give a time estimate..." and then said we could eat in the lounge if we got "ansy." Ansy? Seriously? How about properly educating whoever is in charge of setting up reservations? Instead of making a scene, we made our way to the lounge, where we were visited shortly after by the manager who apologized for the inconvenience and said to let him know if there was anything he could do (I immediately thought yea, how about getting us a table?) Not 30 seconds later were we being seated in the great room, and that definitely fixed their mistake. The room was so beautiful, and our waiter was charming. The food - where do I begin? We had the edemambe dumplings, rock shrimp, sticky crab rice, lobster rolls, and cauliflower. All of it was amazing. I highly recommend the dumplings and rock shrimp!In spite of the mistake at the beginning, I would recommend this place to anyone visiting the city who enjoys swanky atmosphere dining like Buddahan, just make sure that if you make reservations that they understand 100% what day and time you are asking for! :)Buddakan is always very busy.  Sometimes, you might not get through to someone on the hone, until you call a few times.  I went here about two years ago, for a work party and it was OK.  But, I defiantly prefer coming here, without a large group. I went here over the weekend, with a friend and everything was top notch.  I had to wait a little bit, for my reservation, but considering how busy they were I was happy to get seated when I did.I like Buddakan!  I'll be honest, I didn't think everything was amazing but I really enjoy the ambience.  The edamame dumpling was so yummy!  They were so tiny though!  I'd go back just to eat that!  :)This place is gorgeous.  It was in the Sex and the City movie as the place where Carrie and Big had their pre-wedding dinner party.  Also, a huge part of the appeal of coming here was that I got to meet Dale Talde who works in the kitchen, and by the way who was absolutely ROBBED on Top Chef by contestants far less talented than him.Okay okay, onto the food :)You have to try the Edamame Dumplings!  They're indescribably good and so innovative.  The Scallion Pancakes were delicious and the apple really makes the dish complete.  The kicker was this crab dish that our waiter recommended to us (I can't seem to find it on the online menu?).  Basically it was 2 crabs cut in half and fried so that you could eat it whole...and there was this amazing, slightly spicy sauce that you could dip it into.  Pure perfection.Other things we got to eat were the Whole Peking Duck and the Lobster Fried Rice.  There were nothing special, but delicious nonetheless.One of the most BEAUTIFUL restaurants I've ever dined in! I went with my GF's from California & we had a wonderful experience! The waitress was extremely helpful & friendly. We were certainly well taken care of! We had Peking Duck Salad (flavorful & wonderful!!), Szechuan Pork Dumplings, Scallion Pancakes, Kung Pao Monkfish, Mongolian Lamb Chops (fantastic), Chilled Udon Noodles (not my favorite but interesting), Almond Bread Pudding (decadent), Peanut Butter Bar (very rich).Buddakan is HUGE, dark (not in a weird way) and sexy! This is a great spot for a date or a night out with the girls. Reservations are a must any day of the week. The food is great and flavorful! I went out on a limb and even tried the Frog legs most recently! Please live a little and give it a try. I don't think you can go wrong with any dish here, thumbs up for Buddakan!Very beautiful inside!  My favorites were the edamame dumplings and the tea-smoked chicken!!  Yummmmmm!  I loved the Charm prosecco cocktail as well.  Portions are somewhat smaller than I was expecting for family style, but we all were full after our meal!  Definitely check it out!Outstanding food, went last week with some friends.  Had the Pepper Beef, veggie fried rice, dumplings, and mapo tofu.  Everything was excellent.  Drinks weren't watered down either :)Just got back from a 4 day trip to NYC.  I used yelp to make decisions as to where to go for dinner.  This place was great!! From the atmosphere, to the friendliness of the staff, to the food - a definite 5 stars.  We were a party of 10 and decided to try the pre-fixe menu.  They brought out so much food that we had no more room for dessert, but we still had it.  Every plate that came to the table was better than the one before.  Highly recommend the pre-fixe.This review is from my experience in Feb 2010.  Our waiter Pat was AWFUL.  We arrived on time for our 7pm reservation for a very special occasion.  Pat was very pushy and rude and commanded that we order our appetizers and entrees at the same time so he could turn our table for the next reservation...at this time there were only a few other tables seated in the whole house. We called the manager over and he was not receptive or apologetic. My friend's mom has never not tipped a server, but there was no way she was tipping this fat guy Pat on her BlackCard. The decor is awesome, the food was alright, but the staff at this place is so stuck-up and rude.I have been here twice and each time it was ah-mazing! The first time was dinner and drinks with a girlfriend.  This last time was for my big birthday bash (party of 12, mind you).  Both experiences were great. Here's what you must, must try:  lobster egg rolls (yes, decadent and worth every penny), edamame dumplings (sounds simple but tastes extraordinary), Miso cod (people rave about this and I'm proudly one of them) and finish your meal with the banana bread pudding (I'm not a huge dessert person, but this is bomb).  Finally the cocktails are also a treat as well, but I tend to stick with their "Fate" concoction and find myself struggling to try anything else.  Also, for my bday bash, we had some dietary restrictions as well as folks uninterested in the prix-fixe yet the waitress was very accommodating and made the night all the better. Great place if you want to do it up in Chelsea.Went here on a first date, wonderful experience. The decor is beautiful and it has a great atmosphere. We where seated in the main dining room. The service was excellent and the food just couldn't have been better. Loved everything about this place.I've been here before, however it has been many years.  Unfortunately I am a very picky eater, which makes dining out difficult, however I did enjoy Buddakan.  My favorite things were the General Tso's chicken dumplings, and the rock chili shrimp (not sure if that's the exact name).  I also expected the staff to be somewhat snobby due to the fact that the restaurant is super trendy.  I was happy to find everyone was very friendly, attentive, and didn't have an attitude.   I'm giving this only 3 stars for the sole fact that there weren't a lot of options for a picky eater like me.My friend and I went here for drinks and appetizers a while back.  We just stumbled upon it as we were walking down 9th ave.  The decor is beautiful.  Love the inside of the restaurant.  The cocktails are delicious.  The appetizer I had was quite tasty, some sort of brisket thing.  Great place.two words - edamame dumplings. wow wow and more wow. let me preface this post that I do NOT need a scene-y place. I'm about good food and service, reasonably priced and ambiance comes in there too. But I don't need to go to the place that has only openings at 5 and 10, two months in advance. I don't have the patience for that nor the money to eat here regularly, but it's that good  that I can handle it every so often.So with that said...I've been here three times and all three times had great service and loved our food. We called when we were 2 blocks away on a Monday night to see if there was any way of getting a table and they said they could seat us as soon as we arrived. (Minus spending $26 for two drinks....) the place is fantastic. The edamame dumplings are so beyond delicious. I had dreams about them when I got home the night I ate them, seriously. They're that good.The SATC movie - rehearsal dinner room is just such a beautiful space with the high ceilings and huge table. It's got such a magical feel to it.Buddakan is sexy in a lounge-y kind of way.I expected not to like anything about this place other than the interior decor, but I liked so much more. The upstairs is more bustling and crowded so it's a very dine-with-a-group kind of feel. Downstairs is dimmer, and more sensual, which is where we sat because I'm a sensual kinda gal. Our waiter, Owen seems out of place, mustache and slight twang of an accent and all, but he's one of the best servers I've ever had the pleasure of meeting. He was kind, informative, gracious, but not overly attentive or trying too hard to make the service seem 5 star or formal. The food: -Glazed Black Cod Miso: very good flavors here, the grilled eggplant on the side and salted cucumbers were slight and balanced out the hint of sweetness in the fish. However, my friend and I weren't huge fans of the fish itself; we like our fish dry and flaky, this was oily and moist. Order it if you like your cod wet. (ooh baby). -Charred Filet Beef: looks are deceiving. My eyes were visually underwhelmed by this boring looking dish with a sad piece of beef on it and  bowl of taro chips in the middle. But, lo and behold, it was cooked PERFECTLY medium-rare and oh, that gravy. I'm not a fan of gravy but I'd slather this buttery, delicious gravy on all my Thanksgiving turkeys if I could.-Shrimp&Lobster Chow Fun: jumbo shrimp, chunks of lobster meat, veggies, and savory chow fun. This dish is salty, but it adds a much needed carb dish to our dinner, and the portion is generous.-Mapo Tofu: My Szechuan grandma would slap me silly knowing I paid $20+ for mapo tofu but this was some interesting flavored mapo tofu. It was served in a simple bowl with an even simpler bowl of white rice accompanying it. It was a bit spicy, a bit salty, a bit tangy (that was the kicker), and very flavorful. Strangely enough, it was the most authentically Chinese dish of our meal.I would compare this place to Spice Market in ambiance (quite large, impressive decor, has a good balance of fun and sexy), but with better food, and a mixture of Tao for cuisine, only better, and no tourists or kids running around. I went today, so it was mainly an after-work crowd. Buddakan, you almost make me like the MPD again, it's a good thing you face Chelsea.Hmmm so came back to Buddakan for another birthday (and have come for drinks since the initial bday experience), 2 yrs later...this experience was sadly worse than the last (albeit if i'd reread my review prior to returning I probably wouldnt have at all..)We didnt have internet in our apt yet so the dinner search was limited, and it was honestly just easier to come back here rather than look into other places that may or may not be as good as advertised...(plus my boyfriend loved buddakan, so wanted to go back)The appetizers were good as last time, we got the tuna tartare spring rolls and the deviled tuna tartare  (granted I LOVE plain ahi, so anything with ahi its a given i'll like)...the rolls were great, but only 3 of us (between both of us), for 12 or $14... then i asked which the waitress would recommend between the cod and the sole (for asian fusion with an entire fish section it was odd there were no salmon or tuna options for entrees)...she suggested the cod, which i got...hmmm well bear in mind i ONLY eat dinner, no other meals, so i'd like something substantial, which I didn't expect at a place like this, but when the cod came out it was pretty shocking to both my boyfriend and i, literally the tiniest entree i've ever seen, and split into 2 pieces with some apple pieces in between (no doubt to make it look larger than it was)...my boyfriend wanted to complain as it was ludicrous, literally about half a piece of fish, split into 2, with nothing else on the plate but a few cubes of apples...needless to say I went and got more food elsewhere after we left. my boyfriend got the "charred filet of beef" (about $28 similarly priced to my fish) which was much more substantial, and after getting my entree i understood why the waitress was pushing side orders on us...his came with some sort of chips, plus a decent (but not great) amount of food, and he also ordered a side of white rice (which we split).  They did give me a birthday ice cream (but i hate desserts, clearly not their fault), which was nice.  Also my boyfriend had requested a table where one of us doesnt face a wall like last time (so picky), so that left us upstairs, which was a MUCH more casual atmosphere than downstairs.  We also ate early (7ish since I wanted to go home and get ready to go out that night afterwards) but the place was packed as last time.  Somewhat surprised its still in business after 2 years, nonetheless still so trendy and popular..drinks (fate and charm again) were still good, typical manhattan prices, nothing exceptional.I haven't given a lot of 5's, but this place is most definitely a 5.  The service was impeccable and the drinks were delicious, but a little teeny bit weak.  The edamame dumplings were as good as everyone says they are, and the tuna tartare rolls were delicious.  The black cod, the braised short rib and the dungeness crab fried rice were excellent.  We had two desserts- the coconut and the peanut butter bomb.  Both were great...we are coming back next week with more people to taste more stuff, but defintiely on par with Morimoto.We went on a Sex and the City Tour and stopped here because it was the place that Carrie and Big had the rehearsal dinner.  Once we took a quick look at the menu, we make reservations for the next night.  Not only is this place gorgeous but their food is amazing.  We had the duck - it was tender and the skin was delicately crispy.  The lobster rice was amazing - the rice was perfectly cooked and all the flavors left you wanting more.  The lobster chow fun was light and tasty - leaving you licking your plate.   This is a must visit in New York!! I wonder if they would deliver to SF??The ambiance is dark and club like, which is OK for dinner but not optimal. The appetizers were good and I would recommend the hoisin glazed pork belly. It was sweet, salty, and spicy melt in your mouth pork in a fluffy bun. The Mao po tofu was greasy, you can do just as well from your local Chinese take out. The black cod was good but a little overcooked. Come for the decor and the scene, but don't expect to get your socks knocked off by the food. It's good but not great Chinese food.Pretty good food, pretty good atmosphere and a good spot. Not a bad location but not necessarily near everything else in Manhattan which actually makes for a slightly less crowded atmosphere which is good. A bit pricey but the food is rather good. Quite a bit like Tao without all the over-the-top taste and ambiance. Almost like Tao-light, including the service. The bar can be a bit cramped but if you're lucky you'll be able to get a small table nearby. Nothing to really complain about but by going to Tao more times like we do you'll find this place is a little lacking in the wow-factor. All-in-all it stands good on its own and is a good alternative when you want a less flashy and more relaxed but still top-rate dining experience.Great food, stunning presentation of food, excellent, thoughtful professional staff. Very cool lounge tunes which let you get business presentations done, or allow others to get their groove on.  This placed is very engaged with social media as am I.  I really like the thank you "Tweet" the next day after my visit. My boss & I arrived at 6:00 pm Monday night, by 8 pm every chair was filled. Fantastic atmosphere, I will be returning for another dinner very soon!Amazing food and cocktails!  We ate here last night with friends and had a great meal.  It was nice that our waiter was not rushing us and was allowing us to enjoy our food and catch up with our friends.  The edamame dumplings are AMAZING!  The Moroccan lamb chops were delicious, as well as the filet.Really solid meal. Sexy, trendy space. The edamame dumplins are unique and delicious... almost reminds me of a Japanese perrogie. Came here a while ago, I don't really remember to many of the details of what else we had, but I remember really leaving happy.I had heard good things about BUDDAKAN and couldn't wait to try it.  First of all, the decor is stunning and the menu offers some of the most interesting choices I've seen in a while.  It's too bad the food doesn't live up to the hype.  The much-touted chili rock shrimp are no more than greasy fried shrimp in mayonnaise.  The BoBo platter had some good items, some bad.  A ginger puree on the lamb chops was excellent but scarce.  The short rib with Asian pear had the pear chopped on the side...did it not occur to the chef to perhaps add some pear to the overly salty sauce?  The best part of the meal was the tofu cheesecake.  If you're looking for a night out with friends and a great bar scene, then try Buddakan.  If food matters, go elsewhere.I've eaten here a few times, and the prices are very high. The quality of the food is good and the presentation is interesting. Great service and a very cool venue. There is nothing particularly standout with the menu or drinks, but it's an interesting spot anyways. I would rather go to other locations for more interesting food in general.Went here for a party and not only did the food suck but so did the service just because gratuity is included doesn't mean you don't have to come back and fill up a cup of water. I was very very disappointed by this place read so much positive reviews so I though this place has to be good. I don't mind spending a lot for food that taste good but theres nothing worse than spending 400 for party of 6 and your meal sucks and service was horrible !!! Please Beware !!! the only good thing about this place was the ambiance !great ambiance .Loved the dinner and dessert.Just the service is a lil slowCame here for my boyfriend's birthday last Friday night at 6:15 PM. I had been to the Philadelphia location, but only with clients - everything I had had there was good. The Oysters with Foie Gras were very good, but the Pork Belly Steamed Buns were amazing. I had the Mongolian Lamb Chops with the Crystallized Ginger crust- I was not expecting the flavour combination and it worked. My partner got the Glazed Black Cod, and he said it was one of the best fish dishes he's ever had. To drink I had the Haze which was a little heavy on the lychee; then I had the Solid, which was nicely balanced with bourbon and ginger. Good atmosphere in the downstairs dining room in the back, though it seemed other areas could get louder.They surprised him with a birthday dessert and we still made our 8 PM curtain. Nice!We asked someone to snap our picture at Buddakan and he told us, "Say One Percent!" It's true, this place makes you feel like a million dollars in the most disgustingly satisfying way! Very cool interior with large majestic chandeliers. Good service. Food comes in small plates...order lots to share with the table. There is also a more loungy space with a bar and house music. Sexy, suave, sophisticated...check it out!during my most recent jaunt to the big apple, i had the privilege of celebrating a dear girlfriend's bachelorette at buddakan, which was just another *nbd* moment seeing as her engagement soiree was at the point of view lounge atop the w hotel in dc, her bridal shower was in a private room at the carlyle hotel in nyc, and her wedding was in palm beach. (i know, i've stopped trying to figure out how much money i spent as i was present at every event.)let me start with the establishment itself. it's incredible that such an understated entrance leads into a (super cool) dungeon that has a bar and spiral staircase down into the bigger dining area. think the hogwarts dining hall for adults. yes, it's true, i got to eat at the very table where carrie bradshaw had her rehearsal dinner (youtube.com/watch?v=ZOGQ…), and yes, it was just that breathtaking.to start off (that's misleading as we spent the entire evening getting refills), we had the tranquility beverage:: citrus vodka paired with lemongrass-infused oolong tea. definitely tranquil..until about the fourth glass..then it's just all giggles. my affection towards the special beverage has since won me the nickname "quill" with the girls.get the edamame dumplings. the soft shells are penetrated with a shallot-sauternes broth that reminded me of shanghai's xiao long bao (soup dumplings) and warmed the cockles.we then shared the beef lettuce cups (with puffed rice and pickled tomato salad), steamed sea bass roll (with cabbage, ginger, and sizzling scallion oil), and minced pork lo mein (with pickled cucumbers and thai chilies). all very flavorful and held their own.of course, we couldn't leave without indulging in a couple desserts. the crying chocolate (with malted white ganache coffee ice cream) was beyond decadent and really demonstrated chocolate's aphrodisiac powers. berry cloud, on the other hand, was a strawberry-calamansi (but incorrectly spelled "kalamanzi" on their menu..boo!) sorbet with green tea and tickled the senses with its fresh and flirty tartness.all in all, an amazing experience, and the waitstaff is on point. i removed a star because it's awkward sitting at the large table with a first date going on (literally) beside you and a rollicking gaylebration (the studly men told me i could call it that) on the other side of your party. and i get it..we could've chosen *not* to sit at the large table..but that chair i sat in puts me at one degree of separation from charlotte! or stanford! or mr big! so i'm not complaining. yep, samantha's buttcheeks and mine could've indirectly touched. i'd be jealous, too. the removal of a star is also due the disappointing state of the restroom. toilet paper and paper towel strewn about..poor form.but still..if i can make a reservation FOR 1030pm and walk out on MY own terms at 3am..that's golden right there, folks. i'm positive buddakan has and will continue to provide for awesome memories to all who visit.HUGE! HUGE HUGE. Much like my voracious appetite for a delicious morsel, this place is ginormous. The food is delicious, I am somewhat broke.After thinking long about where to eat the call was for Buddakan by my New York friends/co-workers. We ventured from Times Square to the meat packing district. I was impressed with the choice. Is describing it as "Asian tapas" a faux pas? It wasn't really dim sum served on a cart by chinese women who speak little English. Plus it was too refined and tasty with well integrated flavors to be dim sum. So lets call it "Tapas-style Asian fusion cuisine". Well was it really fusion? I though the options were overwhelmingly Chinese in nature - cha su bao-esque beef filled buns, pot stickers (er gyoza, okay that's japanese! haha), hoisin glazed pork belly served on steamed buns, beef/shrimp "cantonese" spring rolls, boneless spareribs, sizzling short ribs, clay pot chicken...oh man am I forgetting anything? $750 later (oh yeah there were 9 of us) I felt like "damn everything was good." The shortribs with chow fun was awesome, the noodles clearly homemade.Far be it for me to complain about the price of food when I don't have to pick up the tab.The space is pretty cool, a tiny bit pretentious with people dressed like they are grabbing a bit of food prior to hitting da club but architecturally it really worked - you enter from the street and check your coat and meet the hostess. Then you walk upstairs to the bar area which has large square tables with bench seats. There was also the traditional bar tables/stools set up. Then seating wise there was the upstairs and the downstairs with their own unique decor yet still familiar. The service was good, I left full and I'd probably go back...but oh yeah I haven't been to New York in 10 years and I think I have many other places to visit first!Food was alright, in all honesty, I was a little disappointed.  The Peking duck was served with thin tortilla-like pieces as the pancake which wasn't as exciting.  The minced pork lo mein was mediocre.  The dumplings were the best thing we tried on the menu.  The decor was beautiful and the service couldn't be better.  For dessert, we had coconut creme brulee and it was out of this world.  I was tempted to give it 4 stars, but the tortilla-like pancakes have to go!Decent azn fuzion.  I don't think I would eat here everyday or even once a year but I am glad I tried it.  Its better than Asia De Cuba.  Asia De Cuba suxors.Buddakan was chosen as the location for a fancy dinner with my cousins. It looked pretty nice with its Asian decor. The food is all in a single serving size. They suggest getting one appetizer and entre per person. For 6 people our bill came to $500 (with alcohol). We had the house cocktail. it was tasty. Could have used some more alcohol. This place is good for groups and has coat check. I know this is a subpar review but there was not much else memorable about it.The place is very chic, your eyes will be roaming around the decor for awhile, taking in the ambiance as you settle in. The bar is really crowded, so you may have to hover waiting for a seat to open up. The tuna tartare was delicious. The service was on point. Even the rice was incredible. Our server was great, especially considering she was dealing with a large table of boisterous consultants!A great restaurant for an early or late evening bite and drink.  Stellar decor and ambiance, manages to just barely avoid pretentiousness - okay maybe but not, but a nice swanky spot can't hurt every now and then.  Menu is solid - kind of a trial by error adventure - a lot of hits and misses.  Focusing on the flavorful appetizers is the safest bet.So New year comes around and one of many restaurants that I decide to hit up to have a celebratory holiday dinner at Buddakan. I've always wanted to come here and there we go.. Getting a reservation is easy if you decide to have an earlier dinner like before 7pm or after 10pm since people tend to eat during peak dinner hours.  I managed to get a reservation at 7:15pm on New years day for a party of 3 which is like suprising since it was a last minute thing. whoopiee..The Place is awesome;  once you enter the place, you feel like you are in a buddhist monastery in the middle of Bhutan with fake books on the side as fixtures. The bright yellow colors along with the jumbo size buddha pictures all over the main dining room along with a huge chandelier makes you want to say to yourself, " what the hell am I doing here for dinner?" . For the starters, My two guests had the Crispy Calamari Salad, spare ribs and the Chili Rock shrimp. I had the Vegan dumplings. The Crispy Calamari Salad was pretty good; a sizeable plate with at least 10 pieces of fried calamari and it was actually crunchy and not heavy as some other places would serve this salad. The Chili Rock Shrimp is to die for. Not to heavy or light the shrimp and the miso dressing just melts into your mouth. soooo good. As for the ribs, my two guests deemed it was beyond good but looking at the ribs for me makes me want to puke since I don't eat pork. ( even if i ate pork i would of not liked it because they only had 3 little ribs on the plate wtfff). As for the dumplings go, they were pretty decent. They were not overly stuffed like chinatown dumplings nor they were greasy which is a plus. As for the entrees I ordered the steamed sole and a side order of the asian veggie stir fry. my other two guest decided to order one entree since one of them has a stomach of a 5 year old and decided to order the beef short ribs. The Steamed sole was outrageously good. It was the breaking point for me in determining if this place was actually good or was it just another overly hyped place. The sole was light and flaky which is what the fish should be. It was not drenched in sodium nor did i taste any MSG. the ginger and the green onion made the fish retain it's natural flavors without overpowering the pungent smells of the green onions.  It was just a work of art. As for the short ribs, I only had a taste of it and it was pretty well made. one big piece of beef rib probably simmered in a pot for hours and served on top of some chow fun noodles. The meat wasn't hard at all and it was just pretty decent. The party of three ate like kings during the meal. The waiters were attentive nor pushy and actually recommended the dishes for me since I was watching my weight. Such a delightful meal. Next time, I hope i can score a seat at the communal table downstairs!This place not only has great food but it is just beautiful!  I didn't think it was that big but I was so amazed someone told me there were two more levels.  Service was wonderful even though we did not get seated right away.  The cocktail waitress came by every so often to check on our group and she remembered everything we ordered.  My favorite was the tuna tartar spring rolls and the almond tapioca dessert.   The drinks were pretty good too.  I will definitely go back again :)Gorgeous spot.  This is one of the few places that actually looks better than its photos.   Went after work for a drink and appetizers.   The service at the bar and at our table was fantastic.  The edamame dumplings were super yummy and I'm dying to go back and try more from the menu.   Great date spot or anytime you want to impress.Food was amazing.  Small portions, and expensive, but worth it.  The down stairs is breathtaking.my friends rave about this place, so naturally i had to try it out. popped in with chiv w. one breezy thursday evening. stopped by the front and mentioned we had reservations and they told us to wait in the lounge area and that someone would get us when our table was ready. now, we arrived about 10 minutes early (so perhaps that was our fault), but didn't get seated for another 40 minutes - and we had a reservation (would hate to just walk in). also, the "we'll come find you when your table is ready" set up isn't ideal - three hostesses asked me if i was waiting for a table and what my name was - those tables were not for me, obviously. it's an awesome spot - the downstairs area is more open and more social, there's a huge long table that they seat multiple parties at. ah, but my party of two got seated upstairs. to start? the jade shrimp dumplings. soft (but not too soft) and tasty, pretty much all you can ask for when it comes to dumplings. i had the Sweet & Crispy Jumbo Shrimp as my entree. it was a great mix of lots of texture (soft & crunchy) and flavor (sweet and tangy). i had the lobster fried rice as well, which was fantastic, i could have eaten plates and plates of it. the only thing i regret is not saving room for dessert. service was fantastic. our server was incredibly attentive, and made sure we had everything we need. ambiance was upbeat yet subdued (if that makes sense at all). would definitely come back. when i do come back, i do hope i don't wait 30 minutes past my reservation time to be seated.Their drinks are exorbitantly overpriced, but their service and decor really make up for it. The crowd is pretty mixed. I cant complain, I met some pretty chill people here.Great experience tonight for dinner.  We arrived and we were able to check our coats at the door with friendly prompt service.  We waited about two minutes in the lounge to be seated for our reservation.  The best thing about his place is the space- it is huge and nicely decorated!  It is large enough and uniquely laid out so that you can still have an intimate quite dinner.  There is constantly a worker nearby to assist with whatever you may need.  I didn't love my drink - it was some cocktail with berries apples and passion fruit liqueur- which tasted like cough syrup.  All of the food I tasted was good.  I was not blown away, but everything was good.  I will go back- mainly for the atmosphere and service.I have had good experience at this restaurant until last time. Food is always good especially appetizers. However, service was really bad. My server was too busy to answer my question. We ask him for his recommendation for seafood  entrée. He recommended chow fun lobster which we followed and lamb. A minute later, my friend want to change to Cod fish instead. We asked him to change it but he said that they out of the Cod fish and insist that chow fun was really good. If we did not like it he would not charge. Then the food came and my friend did not like it at first bite. We did not touch that dish and asked him to return it. He was not happy with that. Then we had a manager came to the table and asked if there's anything wrong with the food. We told him what's going on and he asked which dish we like. My friend told him that he really want to try Cod fish and he brought us Cod fish. What does it mean? We should have told the manager how this server take care customer. He did not do what customer want and offer comp if customer do not like. I would not write about this if there was not a lie from him.Ended up here by accident on Christmas (admittedly because the wait for Redfarm was 2 hours) and it was the happiest accident ever. I try to avoid places like this (which I assumed to be more of a name drop than an actual dining experience). Everything was delicious. We ate mostly meat / rice dishes because one of my friends isn't a seafood fan. Nothing was remarkably better than the others however I thought the udon with lime sorbet and peanut sauce was interesting and great. I subtracted a star because the dessert (we got the warm chocolate ganache) was not good. At all. But I would definitely go back for seafood and a different dessert option.Incredible design, space, and arrangement. I came here for a work related event and sampled a large selection of their food and drinks - it's all top notch. Great achievement.Nice spot! Wish I didn't eat so much earlier. But this place is nothing I've been to in SF. So SF better step it up! I was REALLY impressed with the decor. And the food that I DID have was outstanding. Especially the desserts. I will be back!!you know, the outside of the restaurant is surprisingly obscure. it's a huge door with a small sign that says 'buddakan.'then you walk in and see this service desk with attractive ladies on the other side, asking you if you have a reservation. felt like i was in a hotel.we got wine at the bar which is in this super loungey area. and i immediately felt rich and swanky. haha! we were escorted to our table and pass by this dramatic huge dining room that you needed to go down these steep stairs to get to. and then i thought, "wow. this ambiance is ridiculous!" then were sat on the main floor in the "red vase" room. and now for my food recommendations: the tuna tartare spring roll was AMAZING and delicious and ate it SO fast i didn't know where it went. the jade shrimp dumplings were fresh and yummy. the wild mushroom chow fun was awesome. but the showstopper by a mile was the edamame dumplings. they were SO creamy and interesting, they were the star. you must get them.the waitress was super bubbly and happy, and kept refilling our wine glasses. it was very expensive (my bill alone was $75) but it's worth it. it's a good time, cool ambiance, and it's fun to spend money while you're young!Buddakan is a cavernous restaurant/bar/lounge that is "asian"-inspired.  I visited on a Thursday night and had no problems claiming a table in the lounge.  Sit there only if you want waiter service though.  Sit at the bar if you just want to get at the drinks.Prices are steep, I believe around $13 for a cocktail, but they are imaginative cocktails that I've never seen before with names like Fate or Faith or Cherish (the names of the drinks are a little less imaginative as you can tell...). This is a good place to catch up with friends over candlelight while you nurse your drink.  Next time, I'll be sure to reserve a table for the dining room downstairs, which is gorgeous!  I'll have to pack a few franklins in my wallet though.Buddakan's food is A-OK, but the ambiance and atmosphere is fun, unique and still worth going. My first time at Buddakan was when my gf from Cali was visiting, and my 2nd time going there was 2 nights ago with 3 co-workers. I think my 2nd visit was better due to the following: 1) we were seated in the main dining room (downstairs) in a booth seating and that was just amazing! I think that made all the difference in the world. The first time we went. We were seated upstairs in that one area with the windows looking down into the main dining room and just had the feeling, man.. i want to sit down there! So yeah, downstairs seating is great. 2) Our waiter the 2nd time introduced himself as having been working at the restaurant since it opened. He was extremely knowledgeable, helped us put our menu together, and took our drink orders quickly. He recommended a few different drinks and promised that if we didn't like them.. he would take them back. We had a few rounds of the Charm and Fate. Both were yummy and tasted like sparkling wine with fruit infusions, very light and refreshing :) One of my gf's didn't like her mojito.. it was made too strong the first time around, he quickly took it away and brought her a new one, much better. The first time we went.. i remember having the edamame dumplings, tuna tartare springrolls, chili rock shrimp, wild mushroom chowfun, sugar snap peas, king crab hot pot, etc. The other night we had again the edamame dumplings, tuna tartare spring rolls, the potstickers, the whole peking duck, wok tofu and brocolli, lobster fried rice, sizzling short rib and chili crab and crispy noodles. I would say they did a fabulous job on the duck just because it's really hard to get an entire duck de-fatted, and have the skin crispy. The duck wraps were a little too floury for my taste, but it was authentic still in the sense that they brought out the strips of cucumber and green onion. yum! The short rib was really tender and no fat as well! We also ordered for dessert: the crying chocolate, the 5 spice donuts, asian citron souffle, and the choco peanut butter bomb! the desserts were pretty amazing.. the choco peanut butter bomb was yummy with the peanut powder, it tasted like a glorified reese's that melted in your mouth, so if you like peanut butter... crying choco and souffle wasnt that amazing, but the donuts are yummy and unique esp with the pistachio crumbs on the cinnamon icecream! i do like buddakan :)I  enjoy coming here, ordering delicate food and sipping on a delicious drink. The crying chocolate dessert was especially enjoyable. However, it is in the meatpacking district and was featured in the Sex and the City movie (please don't ask me how I know that. ok, so I watched it on demand, i'm reluctant to admit...)--SO, expect a fairly large percentage of the crowd to be Bridge & Tunnel. If you bring your own company and stick with them, it can be a good time. Great service, for sure. Had a friend's birthday party here and they were very accommodating!This place was great, the food was quite excellent. Highlight of the night was the spicy shrimp. Its soaked in some thick oily Buffalo sauce and delicately fried. Really delicious. Second up on my list would be the cod. It was delicious and came with a great salsa. Honorable mention in third place the fried tofu dish, it gained bonus points for the tender grilled pineapple chunks mixed in as well. The asparagus was good as well, and the turnip fries were interesting, if not something I would get again. Worth trying everything once I say! The sorbet was good at the end, but the gelatin was surprising. It sits in a wonderful cream soda. The food was great, and the service was attentive but not too annoying. Highly recommended.Good food - I went with a large group and as a result, was able to try several items on the menu. Noteworthy items were edamame dumplings, kung pao monkfish, and Charm cocktail. Great ambience -what else can you expect from a restaurant featured in a SATC rehearsal dinner?I would give 6 stars if I could...Came here for my birthday...how old? 20-something ok ;-). I had a great time in an amazingly nice/fancy/trendy atmosphere, with INCREDIBLE, Delicious, Amazing, Special food, and Excellent service where you feel like you are worth a million bucks. It's expensive but you have GOT TO try it. Even though we had 10pm reservations which were made a month! in advance, we had to wait 45 minutes to get the main dining room, which is trust me, where you want to have this fantastic dining experience, so it is a very POPULAR place and for the right reasons.Certain foods are nonetheless orgasmic in life. Buddakan has to be doing that to men and women every single night! Their asian fusion fare tasted authentically refreshing. I had the edamame dumplings, chili lump crab meat over longevity noodles, hong kong style ribeye steak with turnip fries, and lobster fried rice. Yep! I reached that big O. Not only was the food awesome, the service was great too. Plus, you get to sit in a restaurant with great ambience and gorgeous decor. I would LOVE to come back and try more deliciousness. Who cares how much it costs right???HELLOOOO sexy Buddakan!  Walking into this restaurant is overwhelming in a good way. At first you find yourself getting the attention of the busy (but pretty) hostesses and then led into a dark, mysterious, and quite noisy lounge packed with customers. Our party of 3 was seated promptly in the dining area, which was at the bottom of double grand staircases. Every part of this restaurant was pretty and did I mention sexy? Now onto important stuff - the food. - The appetizer platter sampler was pretty good, a slight twist on dim sum. I would have liked something more savory, instead of fried items, but maybe I was just too hungry...- For the main course, shared family style, we had 4 dishes. The Spicy Crab and Shan Tong Noodles - probably my favorite dish of the night. The dish offered a good amount of heat that surprisingly didn't last in your mouth (I secretly wanted it to last). Loved it! The sizzling short rib was cooked to a perfect tenderness. If I were to give a small suggestion, I would have liked a seared crust on the outside for a more bold flavor. It was still good. We had a newer fish menu item I don't remember the name of... It was a stir fry dish with pieces of fish and vegetables on top of a fried exoskeleton part of the fish. (Hard to explain it) I wasn't wow'd by this dish because the tastes were mediocre. I think it needed some black pepper. I would have preferred the whole fish presented to me like how most Asian restaurants cook their fish. It locks in the flavors and most importantly, the moisture of the fish's meat. I guess they chop it up so people don't complain about deboning the fish themselves. We also had the vegetable rice with coconut foam. - For dessert we had the almond tapioca ice cream sandwich and banana fritters. I was not a fan of the cherries that came with the tapioca ice cream - I prefer fresh fruit instead of the ones you get in a cherry pie.  I really liked the banana fritters. It was filling and topped off all of insane amount of food I had just ate. At the end -- I was pleased.Our waiter was awesome too. She was spunky and extremely excited about the food we were about to eat. I would give it 5 stars, but I know I'm paying at least 3 times as much for the experience.Ill be honest, I really choose to come to this restaurant (like every other girl) simply because of the fact that Sex and the City had been filmed there. I know, I know......cliche. But hey I AM a girl and I AM a fan of SATC. I was really impressed by the trendy decor and the main "ballroom" that held the sexy chandeliers. The atmosphere was so slinky that if I lived in NYC, I would think this would be a perfect atmosphere for some serious seduction.. The restaurant was dimly lit and played light trance music, perfect for getting someone in the mood. lol The food, on the other hand was very scrumptious. It is another everyone "share their dishes" type of place. When we first glanced at the prices, we thought the restaurant was pretty cheap, but then when we saw the portions, we connected the dots. The dishes didnt exactly offer a lot of food but after a couple of plates, you realize you dont leave hungry but just full enough. Some highlights from our dinner: Cantonese spring rolls, scallion pancakes with braised beef short ribs, lobster fried rice and szechuan pork dumplings. If you are in the mood for something sweet after, I HIGHLY recommend the chocolate peanut butter bombe! Unless you dont like the combination of chocolate and peanut butter :-/Buddakan is a feast for the eyes but not really for the stomach. Food and drinks are simply okay. There's nothing outstanding beyond the decor.Arrived at Buddakan and was blown away by the entry, reception staff, bar and beautiful and sophisticated crowd. After being seated, the ambiance subsided a touch as many of the tables are acceptable/mediocre while others maintain the ambiance of the entry. The service was also somewhere between acceptable and positive. The food, served in a family-style theme, was absolutely tremendous. Delicious. I can't rave about the food and the specialty drinks enough. Overall, the experience was very, very good.Ahhh...YUM!  This was a great experience while in NYC.  Highly recommended by multiple friends.  I loved the atmosphere, and the food was delicious!!  I recommend the edamami dumplings, glazed pork belly, and chili rock shrimp!  Great place for groups as well.I really love this place. Been here four times and never have been disappointed. I love the tuna tartare spring rolls. The black cod was amazing. We also ordered the dungeness crab with sticky rice which was a bit on the salty side. I got the  Crying Chocolate for dessert and the jasmine ice cream was so delicious. The service was top notch. One of my fav restaurants.So I went to Buddakan with a group of 12 girls to celebrate a friend's birthday.  Since our party was over 10 people, the restaurant required a pre-fix menu.  Well, I must say that the food kept coming out and every dish was better than the last.  I thoroughly enjoyed this meal.  The restaurant was super trendy and great for people watching.  All of the girls in my group raved about the food as well.  I will definitely be heading back here.Edamame dumplings, filet with magic sauce, lobster rolls, delish!!  And on-street parking. Perfect.Awesome food, great ambiance and fantastic servicegreat. simply great.recos:cantonese spring rollsedamame dumplingshoisin glazed pork bellychili rock shrimplobster fried riceblack pepper beef alaskan black coddrinks: fateWent here for my birthday dinner. We started out with the edamame dumplings, Peking duck spring rolls and spare rib pancakes. The dumplings and spring rolls were delicious. The pancakes were fine but I might have preferred them without the spare ribs. For our entrees we each had the fillet which was cooked near to perfection, (I especially loved the ginger sauce they served it with.) To top things off, I enjoyed a complimentary chocolate lava cake, while my friends order a sorbet and some sort of dish with banana and garnish. Everything about the meal was wonderful. After a couple glasses of wine, we got ready to head out for the night. Would definitely recommend for a return visit, as both service and food were quite impressive.Bleah, I didn't like the cold, cavernous, creepy interior haha.  You feel like you're in a weird cave, the food was mediocre at best.  Strangely greasy noodles, if you ask me.  Meh.  I've experienced better.It was complete chaos when I first walked in the place. The host/hostess didn't seem like they had a clue of what was going on. First they said it was going to be 45 mins so we sat at a table over at the bar. 10 minutes later, after we just got our drinks, the host came over and said they had a table ready for us. I remember ordering the tuna spring roll and that was like a firecracker exposion in my mouth. The flavors were so delicious and I love the texture of the soft tuna and the crispy roll. We ordered seconds! All the other dishes were about average. I want to go back just for the tuna spring rolls.FYI-I didn't sit down and eat at the restaurant but I did do a try out for this place last Friday night and I got a chance to eat alot of their dishes so I think I deserve to write a review about it. The place itself was super nice and hugh and there were alot of good looking model and famous people stop by for drinks or eating dinner here. It easily can seat up to 1000 people plus and the inside is quite amazing. The kitchen was nice and clean and they had maybe 30 cook working for them in dept section. They have 4 famous sous chef and 1 executive chef name Lon. The food they productive was very delicious such as the tuna tartare, chicken dumbling's, lobster egg roll, duck confit egg roll and the giant size diver scallop. They treat their employee really well off and there were models and celebity walking thur the kitchen the whole night. I really enjoy working with them and I enjoy being on the line making couple of dishes for them.Next time I will go back and be a customer but eating for free was pretty nice.Decor's not as great as Buddakan in Philadelphia. However, I was here last Saturday around 11 pm and this place was packed. Everyone getting to ready to go out for the night looked like they ended up here. I asked for a lychee martini but they don't make them at this Buddakan, and ended up ordering the "fate". It was delicious! The menu is a lot different from Philly's as well. Appetizers are amazing! we ordered the general tso dumplings, cantonese dumplings, and hunan beef bao buns. Everything was perfect and delicious. We then ordered the chinese fried rice (without the sausage) and it was amazing! My friends ordered the cod and absolutely loved it. I ordered the sweet & sour chicken but wasn't too enthused with my decision. Their chicken here is definitely not the thing to order. I love Buddakan! they consistently deliver with their service, food, and drinks!Amazing! Amazing! My friend told me about this place for our first night in NYC, so we decided to check it out. And since we are huge Sex and the City fans, it was mandatory! We made reservations but waited for 15 mins. or so. We sat downstairs and it wasn't as loud as upstairs which was great! Our waiter was amazing, he was very helpful and recommended some yummy choices! I got the veggie dumplings and the asparagas. We shared the Lobster rice which was to die for! So delicious, I've never had Lobster rice but they should have it available everywhere now! For dessert, we got the glazed tea doughnuts that were the best with vanilla bean ice cream. My bill was only $40 considering that we shared the rice and dessert and I got two side dishes. This place is worth the hype! I promise.I love the interior of this place. I do wish the customer service at the front desk was a little friendlier. I have only been there twice, my husband took me there the first time for my birthday and we went again for a friend's birthday. The food was delicious. I liked the chilled udon with lime sorbet.... it was weird and different, but it tasted really good. I also loved the boneless spare ribs, they were amazing. They are a little pricey and everything is a la carte, but its New York. Our friends girlfriend ordered him some kind of chocolate cake. Words can not even describe how indulgent it was. I wish I had room for a second piece ha ha. It was beautifully decorated too, with gold flakes and chocolate designs on top and going around the outside.  If you know someone who is having a birthday, I suggest ordering that cake. You can thank me later!Been here on a couple occasions and the place has a great decor and the people watching is fun. I actually prefer the lounge area which is huge. The restaurant has an upstairs and downstairs with beautiful chandeliers. The food is pretty good, not fantastic, but good and when you mix the people watching, decor, food, atmoshpere, it's a win win for me. Good for a date or just hanging out, like I said the food is good, not great but when you mix everything together, it's definitely worth it especially if you're drinking.I have been here about 5 times, and never been disappointed. The edamame dumplings are amazing.   Everything I have ordered here is great.  They have a drink called 'fever' - it has jalapeno in it...how much better than that can you get? This is the place I bring friends when they are visiting, because the food is amazing and the place is beautiful.Omgosh this place is fabulous! No wonder Sex & the City filmed here for Carrie's rehearsal dinner. It was exciting to see the exact location of where the scenes were filmed and not only that, the place was HUGE! I felt like I was in a castle. It's amazing and beautiful inside, not to mention the food was terrific. Great place for a date or just a night on the town with your girlfriends. =)I've only gone here late at night for drinks. Beautiful space, fun atmosphere. After reading the reviews I will definitely come back for dinner. The tasting menu sounds like a good way to experience the large menu.loves this place! been there several times, and never a disappointment.  if you want to go to place with great food, great ambiance, great drinks, great service and reasonable prices, this is THE place.  My favorites are Lush (drink), scallion pancakes, pork belly with buns, cod, and the crying chocolate for desert.love love love love!!!!!!!!!!!!!Buddakan is my new favorite restaurant.  Everything I had here was mouth watering and delicious.  It was so good I wanted to keep eating even though I was full.  The staff was nice, the atmosphere was great (lofty artsy vibe), and the food was out of this world amazing.  I highly recommend it!AHHHH. This is my FAVORITE restaurant! The food is like heaven on earth and the waiters are good-looking and nice! The ambiance is very sultry and perfect for a girls night out. I love it!Loved Loved Loved this place. Edamame dumplings = perfection. Curried foam rice- YUM. Really enjoyed this place and even though i'm not in the area often I will make a point to go back.great dining room/atmosphere.great service.food was too greasy, not that good....highlights were short rib app, pepper steak.great desserts and drinks.prob wont return.Outstanding atmosphere, drinks and food.  The asian ribs rocked, seabass outstanding. Everything tasty enough to make your head explode.  Our waiter was snooty, but that's probably the norm in a restaurant such as this. My reviews are on food alone.  In and out quickly - huge place.OMG absolutely amazing, i love love love love this place. I had a fish dish that tasted so amazing, the fish was so delicate it were like i was eating a cloud it was so moist and delicious.. this is a NYC must!!!AMAZING! Everything was delicious. The Edamame dumplings are out of this world. The Crispy chicken and the chilean sea bass. It was AMAZINGBudddakan is a solid option with really good food and a scene-y atmosphere.The service was not stellar, which was surprising. The food was great though, and I left insanely stuffed. Here's my take on some of the dishes:Cantonese Spring Rolls shrimp, chicken - simple, good, but not exceptionalEdamame Dumplings shallot-sauternes broth  - I did not love the paste-like texture of the dumpling filling, but the flavor was good Szechuan Pork Dumplings chili-soy broth  - very good, solid addition to an orderGeneral Tso's Dumplings chicken, hot & sour broth    - super delicious - you must order these. Peking Duck Salad frisée, poached egg, sherry vinaigrette   - good light dish that stands out as different on their menu Scallion Pancakes braised beef short rib, green apple  - the shredded short rib was not that excellent, but the ensemble was really interesting and it worked all togetherChili Rock Shrimp toasted ginger  - absolutely fabulous - very lightly fried and the sauce is excellent - a definite must order... Black Pepper Beef wok tossed rib eye, crispy bird's nest     - very flavorful and delicious. There was a good amount of spice - it was one of the more intense dishes in terms of flavor, but it is definitely on the heavier side. King Crab Hot Pot scallops, shrimp crackers - this dish did not impress me. I find that really well done scallops are excellent, but most of the time, they are just mediocre - and that's what this dish is. Broken Chili Chicken chinese pepper, thai basil - good, but not overly original Shacha Chicken 5-spice barbeque  - very flavorful and lightly fried.  Might be my favorite dish Vegetable Rice coconut curry foam - very interesting textures and great flavor. I definitely recommend this dishLOVE this place! decor is amazing, staff is great and attentive and the food is amazing! omg you have to try the edamame dumplings! all the food was amazing! it gets a little loud but it doesn't matter- the food makes up for it! great place for dinner if you're going to party that night!I had already had quite a bit to drink by the time I got to my 11pm reservation at Buddakan, but I was still able to relish in the all of the great flavors. Three friends and I shared three fish entrees, lobster fried rice and some chicken dumplings. Everything. Was. Delicious. No complaints with the food. We had a bottle of Chardonnay, too. Now, I don't love Chardonnay, but it wasn't too buttery and actually complemented our meal quite well. I want to go back here! Oh, and the service was fabulous--our waitress couldn't have been more sweet and patient.Ambiance, plain and simple, this place goes for the jaw dropping affect when you walk through the door, you get the sense that the decor was probably the biggest priority, maybe even over the menu.The door hostess was really nice and although we had reservations we only had to wait about 5mins which isn't bad for a Sat. night in Dec. in MPD, the food was good but nothing spectacular I ordered the Lobster Fried Rice, stir-fry veggies, and some bbq chicken dish, I had the crying chocolate for desert it was good but no great, so by now your probably wondering why I gave this place such a high rating?....Did I mention the ambiance?Seriously this place is the destination that comes to mind when young 20 & 30 somethings envision themselves living and working in Manhattan doing business deals, trying to impress models, or trying to look good in front of your out of town guest from back home, dining in the place simply says, "I've arrived"This rating not for the restaurant experience, but for customer service we received from their General Manager Andy Vaughan. He was nice, attentive, apologetic, prompt in his responses and understanding. I hope his crew takes his example and when we come next time we'll have totally different experience.This restaurant has a really cool atmosphere and great music. The food was very good and service was pretty good. Will definitely be back!Bottom line - delicious food in an atmosphere that makes you feel like a million bucks! I was with a group of friends doing apps and drinks before going out at The Standard and so we ordered apps, sides, and noodles to share, along with cocktails and then dessert + coffee.  While we got a bit too much attitude for not ordering any mains, I really enjoyed my meal and the service!  The food, though, came out very fast, so if you aren't getting a main dish here - don't plan on lingering.  I can't wait to go back for another special occasion with my ladyfriends.great food and AWESOME atmoshere... very cool place... we tried a bunch of different apps and dishes and all of them were specatular!!great ambiance, awesome drinks and good food. Edamame dumplings melt in your mouth, Ummmh!Return ? Yes Frequency ? OccasionallyBuddakan is enormous and the chandelier-adorned space is strikingly gorgeous.  Our server was attentive without being overbearing and gave thoughtful answers to our questions about the menu.  The tuna tartare spring roll and edamame dumplings were amazing and coconut foam transformed the vegetable fried rice from what would otherwise be an unremarkable dish into a culinary standout.  I'm undecided as to whether Buddakan trumps Tao, my longstanding Pan-Asian favorite, but it is certainly in the running.just came back from dinner and i was pleasantly surprised!  the place was way bigger than i had expected . the decor was chic and lovely. the drinks: strong! the food was way better than i had expecting. if a place is hip and cool that usually means half ass food. I had very low expectations with this being a chic fusiony place BUT everything was cooked with attention to detail and had a very tasty blend of flavors. nothing was oversalted or sugary. everything tasted exceptionally clean .the crispy calamari salad was very light and refreshing. i noticed that instead of making everything sugary  like most fusion places, they integrated some unexpected traditional ingredients into all the dishes. the salad for example had fried calamari with granny smith apples. they complimented eachother perfectly. we also had a claypot duck which had candied walnuts and braised pinenuts.  great .  the steamed red snapper was cooked to perfection, as were the mongolian lamb chops!! EXELLENT..... service was very prompt and professional.  only think i would complain about was that that some of the dishes, particularly the spiced tofu were a bit cold. the waiter informed us that everything would be cooked asap, and i think he waited for us to finish our salad too long before bringing out some of the main dishes......but i guess they dont hold fire the dishes here???and oh yea..if you order rice. its going to be ginormous. we ordered 4 bowls of rice and they were each as big as my head. so be forewarned.even still......highhly recommnded. bring your friends who are sick of crappy a-fusion to buddakan!!!  THEY WILL LOVE YOU AND STEAL THE FOOD OFF YOUR PLATEBEST AND CHEAPEST CHINESE RESTAURANT IN NYC!Yep, i said it.  And i'm not drunk!  Here's an unforgettable meal at Buddakan: mao poe tofu ($14: one of the best preprations of the classic dish, gives hakkasan's michelin rated counterpart in london a run for its money), sauteed water convolvulus ($7: esoteric tubular veggie, no longer on the menu, ask for it, if not get the asian green stir fry) and chinese sausage fried rice with a sunny side egg on the top (yeah, it's the way it's done "out there", none of the greasy soy-sauce soaked crap u get at a typical nyc chinese joint).  Yeah, that's a total of $31 + tip and tax (!!!) for a extraordinarily filling (yes!), balanced (meat, veggies, carbs) and absolutely yummy comfort dinner for 2 (that's right, for 2!), just like ur chinese grandma used to make!  if u get drinks, it jumps to like 300 bucks or something (yeah, they're expensive, don't drink, just wait and get a couple of bud lights for dessert at the cab driver haunt down on 10th ave). all this and u get an wall-streeter-and-cougar-infested, garish, over-the-top, painfully trendy surrounding for free!I absolutely loved this place. We were 20 minutes late for our reservation on a full Friday night... no problem. 15 minutes at the bar and off to our table. Beautiful decor, slightly overpriced drinks and incredible food. We started with the edamame dumplings and liked them so much we immediately ordered another plate. What followed was a veritable sampling of vegetables, beef, black sea bass, & fried rice. Oh wait we haven't even gotten to the dessert! Crying Chocolate and donuts forced us to take a doggie bag home. $240 for 3 people is just fine for me and who gives a damn about SITC.The original in Philly is better, but this is pretty good too. I came here for business, as a client, so I don't really know what the cost per person came out to be. The service was impeccable, and the overall vibe (inside, and the surrounding area) is pretty cool.Great service, great food and nice ambiente. Get reservation in time or get something in bar area. Love the black cod and duck salad.Philly's original is better... Steven Starr empire expands. Can't help but feel the commercialized chain but it's a trendy scene with a variety of cool dining rooms, food is satisfactory and does great with groups.I went over a year ago and still remember the food. Everything was absolutely delicious. The restaurant is BIG and is decorated beautifully.This place is a good example of why food is all that matters to me when it comes to eating out. For starters, "Asian fusion" is a term I've heard much of, and it seems like one "Asian fusion" joint is opening up every ten minutes on the street corner of the chic area of some American metropolis. This does not mean, however, that the food is bad. Most experiences for me at "Asian fusion" joints have been enjoyable, and Buddakan would be no different. When my mom announced that this is where she had reservations to, I asked how she heard about the place. After telling me a friend recommended it, she also stated that this place had been featured on "Sex and the City." Sorry, fans of that show, but I started to doubt if I would enjoy this place upon hearing that. Upon entering Buddakan, I was taken aback by the atmosphere. Very dark in terms of coloring, and full of beautiful young people, who decided to come eat here after they had finished their shopping sprees at the Banana Republic. As a 22 yr old with his two parents, we looked slightly out of place, but I got over it. Remember, it's about food. And good god, the food. We got things going with the pork belly, the lobster egg rolls, and the spare ribs. My favorite was the pork belly, but the other two were also incredibly delicious in their own right. For dinner, we ordered the rib-eye, the fillet, and the lamb chops to all share. The rib-eye was hands down my favorite of the three, but the other two were delicious, especially the lamb chops. The drinks were good, and I was happy that they served Brooklyn lager, which I became a fan of during my trip. Our server was extremely knowledgeable and friendly, meaning that our whole experience was perfect. I would go back here in a heartbeat, all for the food!The decor was great! The ambiance was just as good. I got the Lobster noodle dish. Not sure what it was called but it was spicy and creamy and so delicious. My husband got the cold pad tai noodles he loved them. And of course the crying chocolate desert was to die for. Highly advise trying this place. A great meet up place for friends right before you go out.The husband picked this place for one of our dinners out in NYC and it was the BEST pick ever. The bartenders are great and the food is even better. The crab sticky rice was soo good. The best sticky rice I've had and I've had plenty. The atmosphere was even better and like many other reviewers, there is a great reason why they filmed here in SATC. The edamame dumplings are to die for. They are extremely different and you'll have no idea what the explosion of flavor will be like. Very busy, make reservations ahead of time.MMMMM this place was well worth it and so delicious! We ordered the BBQ spare ribs and lobster fried rice. Both were mouthwatering and super tasty. They definitely hit the spot! Cocktails were also very good. The restaurant is two stories and simply amazing. Seems like a fun place to have a big dinner because of the big communal table on the bottom floor(where SATC 1 was filmed also)! Our server was also very accommodating- we will surely return! Rezzies a must!!This is one swank joint! Very classy interior, excellent food and very attentive service. I came in with friends and we were clearly under-dressed, but the staff still treated us like VIPs! My only complaint: very noisy, even on a weeknight.I'll be honest...I really, really like the place...very trendy. My friend made reservations for 4 of us while visiting NYC (she's a SATC fanatic & knowing that I love the show). But it's one of those Asian fusion places that can be a hit or a miss. I guess that's why I'm giving this place more like 3.5 stars. We were wowed with the decor as the hostess sat us, thankfully, not at the communal table. The dinner  we ordered was average, I thought, nothing that really stood out. Dessert was good. As for the bathroom, it was really dark inside & could barely see myself in the mirror.you don't go here to get the bang for your buck.you go because you're beautiful and want to see beautiful people (& some of their not-so-beautiful-or-nice friends)anyway, for what it is, the food was consistently good.the ambiance definitely had a nice busy/cool vibe to it.and the bench was quite comfy while i took my power nap.definitely should try it at least once.i'd go back w/ the right people.It took me a while to remember and find the name of this restaurant, but I enjoyed the food here. I enjoyed the tuna tartare spring rolls. Very nice place to go on a dinner date. (:I went to Budakan on valentine's day with my fiancé. We had made reservations.  The employees were all lovely the decor was AMAZING! And the food was GREAT! It was a wonderful place for a romantic Valentine 's Day dinner. Our waiter was very helpful and honest about the menu and had great recommendations as to what wine goes well with what entrees etc.  They had the most adorable, delicious V.Day dessert which was a smores cake with ice cream on top and a hard chocolate shell around the ice cream!! Also AMAZING ! I cannot wait to go again .Maybe because of all the hype this place got I was expecting more out of our dinner/experience.  I definitely love the cocktails/decor.  The food was not much to write home about though, everything was pretty salty.  If I ever go back I will try the edemame dumplings because thats what everyone seems to rave about.  Its very hard to give this place a superb rating because I have had chinese food that has tasted much better than what I had for half the price of what I paid.Totally overrated. Very cool hipster place, fun, great experience but honestly just "good" Chinese food. The space is huge and worth a visit, just don't expect a culinary experience that is worth the $$$$ price tag.Really great atosphere although super crowded.  Our waitress was very friendly and made excellent recommendations. We had the edamame dumpling, veggie dumpling, general tso dumpling and calamari salad for appitzers; all were outstanding but the edamame stood out above the rest. We also had the filet, monkfish, scallaps and a tofu dish for dinner. Again everything was fantastic. For dessert the chocolate peanut butter bomb was delicious.  We didn't think the noise level was bad but I did ask for a more inimate table. Overall I would highly recommend and would definitely come back.Great food and an amazing atmosphere, but brutally expensive. well, just not in MY budget. Dinner for two including a drink each and 1 shared appetizer totaled $150 not including tip. Definitely worth the money if paying for atmosphere, but you can go to 14th street Spice for $5 amazing appetizers and $12 entrees and with good company have just as much fun.Beautiful decor! The food is pretty good, highlights were the edamame dumplings, chili rock shrimp, and roasted pork. Great get together spot!Ok food, very loud place, edamame dumplings are probably the best, and the wine is okay.Ok, my prior review was bare bones.  I've been back a number of times and went again last night and needed to pipe in again.  Edamame dumplings.  Edamame dumpings.  Edamame dumplings.  Are unbelievable.  5 to an order, whipped edamame and some truffle oil in a light dumpling.  Absolutely delicious.  One of my favorite things to eat, right up there with the slab bacon at Luger's.  And the wait staff and service for such a high end "hip" place is pretty excellent as well.The food here was great!  Service was better than the food.  Our only reason for not giving 5 stars is that they sat us at this LONG table and we were elbow to elbow with people that were not in our party of 5.  We asked to move and they couldn't accommodate us.  When we called for a reservation, that should be one of the questions they ask, I mean for the $$$ we should at least get our own table!Loved it!What a great restaurant! i went with my wife's family as well as my 15 month old son and we all had a great time! I'm a bid DIM SUM fan and Buddakan gets very creative with theirs. try the Edamame DIM SUM, and the its fantastic! Next time I'm in NYC i will def. go back!Better Peking duck than in Beijing!  Hard to get a reservation.  We sit in the lounge which is OK.Speechless.  Absolutely speechless.  Won't be that great for you because you did not have my beautiful dining partner with you but you can always try!  :)best asian restaurant i've ever been to hands down....get the edamame dumplings and lobster fried rice!Perfect Please. Great Service, Great food and fun.Overpriced yuppy hipster food good for the  twentysomething knownothing but think the knoweverything hipsters.  Especially gross were all the smokers blocking the entrance.  I guess if you know nothing then this is the place.  Money spent better elsewhere.This place is fun, trendy, and really good! I loved the atmosphere, the drinks, and the food. The hostesses are slightly on the snobby side, but hey, I probably would be too if I was cool enough to work there. I found it amusing though when I asked if our table was ready for our 10:15 reservation, and the hostess, highly annoyed, replied, "It's 10:11. Your reservation is at 10:15". My only advice is don't ask and wait patiently in the bar!I went to Buddakan on a recent trip to NYC and thought it was amazing.  The decor is absolutely beautiful and the space is huge.  The bar was very busy and the restaurant was packed.  The food was great and there was a great selection of wine and really interesting cocktails.  The service was good too; everyone was really nice and helpful.I went here for Valentines Day earlier this year and my partner and I absolutely loved the food here. When you eat food that is put together so well you really understand the meaning of "getting what you pay for" but we happily spent the extra money.The other reviews pretty much say it all, so there's not much to add - The edamame dumplings taste like truffle-mashed potatoes in soft wrappers - unlike anything you've ever tasted before.Tuna tartare spring rolls - delicious.This place is great.Good food. Snotty servers.I came with a group of friends on a Thursday night.  As we trickled in we gradually were able to secure all of the seats at one of the large tables in the bar area.  Given how beautiful the restaurant and all of the associated people are, I guess I would have expected a little more attitude from the people who work there.  I have to say that down to a person they were all fantastic!!  What a nice surprise it was when the doorman/bouncer guy came over to see if we had a reservation.  I was a little leery of telling him that we didn't, since we had basically taken over a whole big bar table.  I thought he might tell us we had to move -- instead he wanted to see if there was anything he could do to make us happier.  When I mentioned that the big decorative vase was kind of in our way, he removed it before I had finished the sentence.Our waitress was lovely and so friendly and accommodating!  We were ordering drinks and food all night, and she never skipped a beat.  I also thought our bill -- around $1000 for about 10 of us who literally ate and drank for about 5 hours -- was extremely reasonable.  On our way out the receptionists thanked us, and were again unexpectedly very friendly.  All in all I can't imagine having had a better night out! In addition to all the fabulousness above, the food was **delicious**.   Sorry can't remember the highlights, but I think we basically ordered all of the appetizers and a half-dozen other dishes, all of which were great.  Yay Buddakan!Have been to Buddakan several times now and this restaurant just gets better every time. The menu offers a wide array of dishes that are all worth a try. Definitely an A+ if you want to experience true Asian Fusion with an exceptional ambience.i will always love stephen starr restaurants. i wish there were more in manhattan (they are based out of philadelphia). even when i think about the edaname dumplings my mouth starts drooling. i love the atomsphere in each of his restaurants. everything is beyond expectional and i am never let down.also try Morimotos if you like Buddakan! its a japanese sister restaurant! you will not be let down.buddakan is like a painting...first the canvas is primed and a setting is painted as a backdrop. the food and drinks are the subjectif it's done right, all are considered and you don't focus on one or the other.simply put- great food, amazing ambiance.WoW!  Love it! Great Place, Where should I start, hmm.. oh yess. The decor, staff, and most importantly 'The Food' are all absolutely exquisite. Beautiful people and sooo much delicious food to choice from, you must try. Two Spoons Up!Loved the space- very chic.  Service was great- friendly and prompt.  Food was overpriced, though-- it was good, but for the price it needs to be a little more exciting.  There wasn't much going on with the scallops, lobster eggroll and hot pot; they could have used more flavor.  We did enjoy the tuna tartare and the crying tiger dessert, but for the most part, I was looking for something else.  Fever cocktail was fun.I went there for dinner last night with a good friend from Miami, my first time, his office is across the street, so it was easy to get to on the C train from Mid-town. The place is cavernous, but very tasteful. The people are very pretty and from all over the world. We were the spanish speaking table, next to us, brits, then on the other side italians and a host of other languages. The food was great, the portions were balanced, not these huge amount of food, but delicate, yet good sized. I had the Cod and Dumplings (Entree and appetizer) and I was very happy. I had a drink called "Lush" (yes I enjoy a drink!) it was a Sake based drink that was great. I was very happy with the service and reasonable price.I had been so excited to try this place for my birthday celebration. We were all first timers and really impressed with the quality and presentation of the food for such a large restaurant. Everyone from the check-in desk to our server was warm and cordial. The appetizers were so delicious and so were the entrees. We left there very satisfied and paid a lot less than expected considering its location. Drinks were also well-made and enough for the money. On our way home we were already planning our next night there!Went to this place forever ago and never reviewed it. Loved Loved Loved the seabass wrap appetizer - nicely done. Also had two of the fried ones that were just alright. Everything else - crab fried rice, lobster fried rice, fried fish entree with pineapple sauce (?) was up to par. The only knock is that I could not make sense of my dessert at all. The lemon mousse dish was a conceptual fail...what's with the brown log and the weird cloud candy thing and the red strip of hard candy. Not appetizing and just awful.We have been here several times, and have always gobbled down each and every bite of our meal.  The edamame dumplings are SO good, I dream about their pillowy deliciousness.  We have never ordered anything off the menu and been disappointed.  The only thing that annoys me about this restaurant is the fact that they always make you wait twenty minutes after the time of your reservation to be seated (so you'll order drinks from the bar).It's been months since I've been able to get back here but I'm still dreaming about the Edamame dumplings......I love coming here! The food is awesome, drinks r great, and just knowing I sat on the same table as the SATC ladies did for Carrie's wedding rehearsal makes me happy.Amazing menu - everything we ordered was delish and the prices were better than expected. The presentation and flavor of each dish and cocktail was like an adventure. The lighting is on the dark side, perfect for a date night or party with a larger group. So much fun and so worth it! A NYC MUST EAT!This place is great for drinks and atmosphere.  However, I wasn't SUPER impressed with the food considering the price.My girlfriend and I had a great experience here. We in NY for fun around her birthday and celebrated at this hot spot. Everything we ordered was amazing and so flavourful. Our waiter (sadly can't remember his name) made the evening even better! He told us he's been there since their opening days, very informative about menu from apps to drinks. He was a doll!Great food.  Service ok.  Worth the visit when in NYC.how i have not reviewed this place after living in NYC for the past 4 years is beyond me...but i went last Tuesday and as per usual, it did not disappoint. if you follow my instructions you will be a buddakan lover like me. if you stray to far, you may think its just ok. the appetizers are the stars herelisten carefully-it doesn't matter if you are with 2, 4, 6 or 10 people. just order accordingly ( id say 1 of each dish for every 2-4 people) and you will leave happy. promise. edamame dumplingstuna tarter spring rollscantonese spring rollsboneless spare ribsjade shrimp dumplingshoisin glazed porkbelly bunssizziling short ribglazed black codlobster fried ricebread pudding dessert. someone follow my instructions and let me know what you think. also, this meal is best with one of their delicious bottles of sake. we opted for cold-and you should too. have a buddha-ful day :)I love everything about this place the decor the food the staff! The food was so good I thought I was on drugs... Every bite was better then the next!! I am soo impressed!! The dessert is amazing too!! You must check this place out!!Brought my boyfriend for his birthday. He was pleasantly surprised and very happy. The server was so helpful and super nice. We had so much food we barely ate the dessert. Absolutely LOVE this place.My favorite NYC restaurant. My wife and went last Saturday, and had a great experience. Food and service were outstanding.Great food, great atmosphere (except for the fact I was dining with my elderly parents), and a great crowd.  Is it the best food in the city, no.  Was the entire experience worth it, Yes!A girlfriend and I came here on a Friday night at 11pm. The place was still buzzing with people, drinking, eating and conversing. The decor is beautiful, like a very modern Chinese mansion in a club like atmosphere with cut out walls, displays of stuffed birds and neon colors. We're seated and start looking over the menu. I order a cocktail, solid - with bourbon, ginger and orange. It was good. On appetizers we decided on the duck salad and tuna spring roll. The salad could have used a touch more salt on the greens, but the duck itself was great. The tuna tasted really fresh and the spring roll skin was crunchy, it was awesome. For Entrees we shared filet of beef, kung pao monkfish and wild mushroom chow fun. The beef came med, when I ordered it med rare, but it was still tender and juicy nonetheless. The chow fun tasted good, yet it was also cooked it little over, the noodles were clumping together. The monkfish was my favorite! It was sweet, tart and spicy and the fish was cooked perfectly. Presentation on everything was nice. The menu is so huge, I have to come back and try the rest.My friend and i visited this restaurant, as part of the sex and the city tour, whilst visiting NYC. We were amazed at the lookof the place when we entered, and decided to bring our boyfriends there that night.I loved everything about this restaurant!. The decor was extravagant. The service was amazing. Our waiter knew the menu well, and could answer any of our questions. The cocktails were delicious.We orders a few meals to share between us, and we loved everything!The price wasn't too bad for the overall experience. Overall, we all enjoyed ourselves and still talk about how amazing this place was!While visiting NY on business I had to check out Buddakan. I had been there previously during the day when I visited with a tour of the location. We had reservations at 10pm and we had three in our party. The scene and vibe of Buddakan is amazing. It's a little loud but it's all about the food so who cares its loud.We were seated in the Red Chinese room at the back. Our service was top notch and our server was so very attentive. We began with the appetizer combo and we were impressed from the point the food was set down on our table. One taste after another topped the next and built on flavors. My favorite has to be the tuna tartar spring rolls. I could have had several of those instead of one. It was great being in a group because we were able to try a lot of different things. Our group selected the Soft Shell crab, Pork, and Glazed Alaskan Black Cod. The Cod was amazing and was the best cooked fish I have had. I love the raw stuff. The sides we chose to share Lobster fried rice (over-rated) did not have a lot of lobster and what was there was overcooked. The charred asparagus was just okay will have to try something different next time.We selected 3 desserts and they were all yummy at the end of meal. I am excited to go back and try more entrees. See you there on my Birthday!!I love this Stephen Starr restaurant, and it is even better than the Philly version.  The steamed sea bass roll is a fantastic app with fragrant scallion oil, and the deviled tuna tartare is the perfect combination of spicy and creamy flavors.  The dungeness crab sticky rice is very solid, although it's not quite as great as Joe's.  The mongolian lamb chops, however, are fantastic, as is the glazed Alaskan cod; the cod flesh is incredibly silky and tender and lamb is tender and flavorful.  Be sure to get the Chinese sausage fried rice with the sunny side-up egg!  There are plenty of options for vegetarians, too, although I personally love the hoisin-glazed pork belly.  It's hard to go wrong with any dish here.  For dessert, I always head straight for the Almond bread oudding with whiskey ice cream and bananas.  It's creamy and has just the perfect hint of alcohol.  Service is always super and you can't beat the hip, upbeat, trendy atmosphere.  Prices are also very reasonable for the ambiance and quality!  LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!This place is outstanding! !!!I'd probably give Buddakan 4.5 stars because I had a very good time dining with my husband and another couple.  We ordered several appetizers and dinners and shared.  Some appetizers were better than others as were the meals but overall it was a strong 4 stars and looking forward to returning with my honey so I can eat all the kung pao monk fish myself.  It was as amazing as everyone says but I only had 1/3 of it because I had to share.  One in our party didn't eat fish otherwise it would have been one fourth.  The bread pudding everyone recommends is also amazing.  The pork belly appetizers was good and plentiful.  Drinks were OK, I selected one that was highly recommended and in my view it was just OK.  Not bad but I wouldn't order it again.  We had a chicken dish that was only average and another appetizers which again was average so considering the 4 appetizers and 4 dinners plus two desserts we faired very well.  Did I tell you the service is way above average and the ambience is very nice.  It's loud but it's OK, love the bathroom!I would come back for the amazing interior. Our waitress was very nice and service was good. The food was good too... not great and overpriced for the small portions, but I expected that. My boyfriend left hungry :(Yes, it's very trendy, the atmosphere is nice and the drinks are made well.  The food however, is nothing special.  The tuna tartare was overpowering where you could hardly taste the fish and the frog legs were too salty.  The edamame dumplings are pretty good.  I had the sole which was just so-so and sampled my other friends' dishes to which none of them blew me away.  In fact out of all the dishes I enjoyed the lobster fried rice the best.If you're looking for a good time, space and vibe then you'll enjoy yourself here but for quality food I'd go elsewhere.Me and my girlfriends went to Buddakan for my birthday dinner last week Sunday, and we were all impressed!!...I loved the ambience and decor that I took pics!!...My girlfriends ordered the lobster fried rice, red snapper, sweet and sour chicken, and I ordered the charred fillet of beet with the wonton crisps with mustard sauce. Every meal was delish. For dessert I ordered the decadent crying chocolate which was decorated with a birthday candle which was a very nice touch!!...I gotta come back for cocktails!!...Definitely come to Buddakan for appetizers, cocktails and dinner because you'll enjoy it!!....:)The edamame potstickers were amazing, also the lobster rolls, beef pancakes, very good. I would pass on the frog legs as they were tough and over cooked. Nice ambiance and cool decordoes buddakan need another review on here? probably not. but i want to call out the specialty drinks that change year round. had an Ember last night that was like an elegant tequlia sunrise with some heat / punch that lingers after you sip. most of the food is either pretty damn spectacular or just mediocre. love the spicy tuna springroll, chilean sea bass, filet, edamame dumplings and rock shrimp.Love love love this restaurant!  The food is always delicious.  Service is great, and ambiance is to die for.  Surrounded by high ceilings and gorgeous chandeliers, your dining experience is a sensory wonderland.  The only down side is that it can sometimes be too noisy.  This restaurant is great for groups, and sharing is highly recommended.  Try as many items on the menu as you can--they are all delicious!Absolutely beautiful! My new favorite restaurant in New York! The food & Drinks were AMAZING!!! This is a must go place if you ever go to New York.like this place a lot. drinks are a lil pricier than the avg bar/lounge you go to. but this place ain't avg. great atmosphere and staff is friendly. once i went into this place completely drenched because i didnt have an umbrella and it decided to rain cats and dogs for 10minutes, the staff didn't give me any dirty looks.The reservationist who confirmed my reservation was slightly arrogant.  The reception was nice and we were seated right away.  However, we preferred a drink at the bar prior to dinner but was told we might lose our table (we arrived early).  I wasn't expecting much with the food but I was wrong - it was quite delicious and I would give them a 4.5 considering the size of the venue.  After our dinner, we went to the bar and had five glasses of champagne.  on my third glass, I noticed there was berry stuck to the inside of the flute and was disgusted.  HOWEVER, the dining room manager could see there was something wrong and immediately took care of the situation (5 stars to her).  I'll be back.Gorgeous!  Great food!  Superb service! Just do it!While I love their chocolate lava cake, today's dinner sucked (dishes came late and cold). Nonetheless, I will go back for that cake.Elegant and food/tea was great!Great service, classy people, interior amazing and ofcourse delicious dishes. I recommend edamame dumplings, pork dishes, spring rolls, and calamari. Great place for a sexy romantic for 2 or group of people, but make a reservation in advance... Can be a little pretentious though.Amazing food and atmosphere!Apparently, it was first opened in Philadelphia, but I haven't been there yet. The New York location is enormous and it is tastefully decorated. The moment you enter the lobby, you will appreciate the time and capital they have invested in this place. We ordered at least one dish from each food categories (meat, rice, appetizers etc) but my favorite was Scallion pancakes and charred filet of beef. The rest (spring rolls, vegetable rice, calamari salad, crying chocolate&jasmine cheesecake) was also incredible.The service was excellent. The waitress was attentive throughout the dinner. The plates were presented elegantly. For what you are getting (atmosphere, service, dinning etc), the price is reasonable. I also think that it is a great place for special occasions. I would recommend making a reservation ahead of time (2-3 weeks prior).An all-time favorite and went back again on Saturday night for a 9:00 PM reservation. After a 45 min. wait at the bar, we got seated. Our server was excellent and knew the menu inside out and made very good recommendations. All in all, most reviews cover pretty much my consistent experience here: Great ambiance, great service and amazing food. The duck and the sirloin are two absolute musts. Portions are perfect for sharing. Always have a great time at this place and can't wait to go back.Gorgeous and swanky, delicious cocktails, fabulous food.  We made a reservation on OpenTable and were seated right away despite the crowd.  We sampled many delicious items, and my favorite was the edamame dumplings...perfection!  Our server was top-notch, very well-versed on the menu and gave us great recommendations.  There are so many wonderful places to try when in NYC but this is one to definitely put on the list!The food was delicious, but the portions were way huge. I think they would be better off making them smaller so people could taste more of the variety.  I think it was all a bit too salty as well (maybe msg), because I was drinking water like a crazy person the next day and so was my dinner companion.  Food good, aftereffects, not so perfect.I went here 4 times already and this place never let's me down. The miso cod is amazing. I can eat like 6 orders of the scallion pancakes. Omg. The service is always consistent and the atmosphere is dark and intimate. Try the G Saki. It's really good.Beautiful hip asian inspired restaurant for people 20 and up. Food was absolutely delectable and fairly priced for the quality and decor. Very upscale place to hang out with friends. Must be cooler than an 8/10 to dine here.Pretty busy. Great food especially the appetizers. Good for large parties.This restaurant was awesome!  It was my husband's first time in New York and I wanted to have a nice romantic dinner for my birthday.  Buddakan had great reviews on Yelp and I knew about it from the first Sex and the City movie where Big and Carrie had their rehearsal wedding dinner.  The food was extremely flavorful, delicious, and presentable.  Our waitress was so accommodating and friendly!  The dessert was awesome too!  We ordered two of them!  The ambiance was beautiful and the bar was awesome!  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants a fine dining experience which includes awesome food and great ambiance!Love the food. If you go try that whole fish.Tried it and loved it Also the atmosphere is great !! Def one of my favorite restaurants.After raving reviews by my friend who is a regular here when he comes to NY, we went for a quick dinner before a movie. We were told there was a 20 minute wait but we could wait in the lounge. We were promptly seated on our table and waitstaff was friendly and had good knowledge of the menu. We ordered the potstickers (5pc), the pork lo mein and the lobster fried rice. Good portions for price and the food was executed brilliantly. Not bad for $40 bucks. Only 3 stars because the front desk girls are way too rude and snobby.I love Buddakan! I come here every year for my birthday among many other times. Its simply beautiful and the food is great. I always try something different and so far everything is great! I recommend everything on the menu!  Great drink menu too!If you are an atmosphere/interiors junkie you will have lots to absorb here. Beautiful main dining area from the famed SATC engagement party scene. The bar area gets crowded on weekends and is actually more fun than the restaurant unless you're with a group. Food is tasty (I recommend the lobster fried rice).Places with such knockout decor sometimes don't try as hard with the food, but that's not the case with Buddakan.  We've been about 4 times and the food seems to be consistenly delicious. This time we started with a drink at the bar then moved to a great table in the lovely Chinese room. We started with the edamame dumplings, hoisin pork belly dim sum and scallion pancakes with short rib. They were all good but of the 3, the pork belly was the standout. Edamame flavor was subtle, so maybe not for all tastes, though we greatly enjoyed them. Then we shared a whole crispy fish and twice cooked long beans, both terrific, followed by a fabulous chocolate concoction with caramel and coffee ice cream. Major yum!! We considered it a bargain for the quality and walked away stuffed.The best Asian Fusion food ever..........We came in on a Friday night around 10:30pm with no reservation.  We sat at the bar and ordered mojitos (excellent) and rock shrimp appetizer.  The drinks, music, and decor all created a great vibe.  We decided to put our names in for a reservation and told it would be around 12:30pm.  They ended up seating us is about an hour.  Overall great experience!Super classy, great food. Long waits for walk-ins, so def make a reservation, and I think the bar is overpriced but I don't usually associate booze and Asian food anyway. Would definitely recommend the Wild Mushroom Chow Fun.I think one of my favorite restaurants ever. I wanted to go there as soon as I saw the Sex and the City movie. It is where they filmed the rehearsal dinner for Carrie and Big. And the food was speculator. it is super dark in there and the hostesses have a hard time finding you to seat you. But it is very trendy and beautiful inside. The one thing that really stood out for me were the dumplings. I would definitely go back.Went here for my bachelorette party and it was an awesome overall experience. The atmosphere was hip & trendy and the food was excellent. The staff went out of their way to create a good dining experience for us. They even created custom menus with my name on them and everything! Try it, you won't be disappointed.Wonderful dinner, started with a cocktail called Charm...was outstanding and had the freshest berries.  We had both the General Tso's and Pork Dumplings.  General Tso's was outstanding, the pork dumplings were not have the same caliber but the hot chili sauce added a great kick.  We had the monkfish and filet entrees.  Both were outstanding.  The sauce with the filet was perfect and the filet was like butter.  The monkfish was flavorful, light and cooked to perfection.  Had the mushroom noodles on the side which were good but would not order again, would prefer to try the Lobster Fried Rice.  Great drink selection, they even had Grappa for my husband as his dessert choice!  Would go back in a heartbeat.I've always loved this place.....great decor and vibe. Cocktails are fantastic and the food is good. A great night out with the girls or date night place.Great food as usual. Third time here so not as blown away as I was in the past but the food is still very great. Went with a group of 6 of us and some of the favorites were the Edamame Dumplings, Pork Belly, Chili Rock Shrimp and Sizzling Short Ribs.Spent my 40th birthday here and loved it. We all did. Good ambience, great drinks, great food, great service. I'm writing this review late so I cannot recall all that we ordered. But I know we loved the braised short ribs, the lump crab sticky rice, the scallops, the crying chocolate. Everything we ordered we really liked or LOVED! They have a drink called Fate, it's soo good. I now recreate it at home. If you are a super foodie, it may not be the best food in the world, but still very good. And combined with everything else, I can't wait to go back.Amazing!! Went with a large group and did the tasting menu (I believe it was the mid-range priced menu). Everything was delicious. Loved the tuna tartare spring rolls, the rock shrimp, etc. You are allowed to swap in different appetizers if you prefer something else. There was more than enough food to go around. Highly recommend!!!Excellent food, the Prix Fixe menu being served just kept coming with delicious food, all the way down to dessert. Service was excellent and teh ambiance wa superb, so far one of the best restaurants I've been to. Most definitely will come back, many  times I hope.Delicious! Went with a friend and we both really enjoyed our meals. Started with Oolong tea cocktails - amazing! Our favorite bites were the edamame dumplings, scallion cakes with short rib, and the LAMB CHOPS! The tuna spring rolls and mushroom noodles were good but not our favorite. Great atmosphere, would definitely go back for a fun night!I've been here three times so far and every time I've been beyond satisfied with my experience.The place is stunning. Huge layout  with two floors and several rooms. I've eaten only downstairs all three times. The restaurant is absolutely beautiful. Super trendy and hip. You don't have to come swanked out but a lot of people do especially on Fridays and Saturdays.I'll focus more on my second visit for this review because I tried a wider variety of food with my family. Our waiter was great. Very courteous and helpful. He helped us pick a few appetizers which were all excellent. We started off with general tso dumplings, scallion pancakes, and the boneless spare ribs. The dumplings were fantastic. The hot and sour soup in them is a nice surprise to bite into. The ribs were tender and smothered in a delicious sauce, paired with their mustard which is sweet and zingy. The scallion pancakes were great as well! I ordered the Fever cocktail (spicy!) which is definitely one of the more unique cocktails I've ever had. It was a nice addition to my meal.Although the main entrees for this place are intended to be shared, we each ordered one. I ordered the charred filet of beef which was cooked medium, even a little closer to medium rare which is how I prefer my meat. The plating is impeccable here. It arrived with thin and very tasty wonton crisps, their signature mustard, and a savory but sweet sauce that had hints of caramel in it. Needless to say, it was excellent. My sister ordered the black pepper beef which comes in a beautiful, delicate "birds nest." The beef was cooked perfectly and there was a delightful crunchy texture in the vegetables accompanying it. My father, mother, and brother ordered sha cha chicken and broken chili chicken. I didn't try either of these but they were happy with their food. To top it off we ordered the summer peach upside down cake and the bittersweet chocolate mousse pave. The summer peach upside down cake is possibly the greatest dessert I've ever had. The cake was buttery, delicate, and moist. The egg custard ice cream is brulee'd on top and melts nicely with the cake. The bittersweet chocolate mousse pave is not really bittersweet but still amazing. The caramel popcorn sherbet is out of this world. My family still raves about it, months after their visit there. The bill was a little scary but its nice to splurge on a good meal every now and then. My father thought it was well worth it. Not just for the food, but for the overall dining experience that you can't get at any typical restaurant in the city.Have to agree with the res tof the reviews.  The place is very impressive and the food is just melting onthe tongue.  We tried a sampling menu which had  alittle bit of almost every selection that they offer - and there was nothing that I can say I didn't really like.  The deserts were amazing too.  All their meats are very tender and done very well.Classy ambiance and great for sampling lots of delicious food with friends.Great dumplings!Beautiful decor, excellent service and amazing food!You MUST try the charred filet of beef -- served sliced with a mustard sauce that is to die for! The firecracker shrimp dish is delicious too... Everything we ordered was fantastic -- I highly recommend!Absolutely amazing food. The fois gras and passion fruit spring rolls are divine. Also great are the short ribs, and the frogs legs.  We tried a bunch of desserts and they were all amazing.  The restaurant is also beautiful with high ceilings and such.Given that most places with this kind of scene would probably mail it in on the food - Buddakan is a pleasant surprise.  I can walk in and get a bar table in no time and the food has always been very tasty.  If you have a friend visiting and they want a "NY" place - this is a great spot and won't disappoint.Buddakan is a true New York restaurant, a chic dining experience in a gorgeous setting that will blow your mind away. This place is a perfect place to dine. I celebrated my 21st birthday here last month and the food was amazing. The staff was beyond helpful helping to ensure my birthday night was more than I expected. Drinks were by far amazing and the food was delicious. I would recommend this place to anyone. Anyone  who is a true New Yorker will be able to appreciate the liveliness within Buddakan.We visited this place for dinner and it was not too packed but for some reason we had to wait a little while even though we were only a party of 4.While waiting we were able to check out the bar and the rest of the restaurant, I got the feel I was inside a mid evil asian castle, maybe it was just me. I did notice that they had a lower level which looks like it would be very cool to through parties down there.The tuna tartar was great as well as the whole crispy fish. The service was so so and of course the portions were small but of course expected.I would probably try another restaurant if I was in the area again.Great food.  I highly recommend the Rib eye and sea bass.  Service was excellent.This restaurant has great ambience.  I had a glass of prosseco that they fill with berries, delicious! Everything was amazing.  Its defintely worth spending the extra cash and having a great night out with amazing food, at a great trendy spot!Buddakan had it's high points last Saturday but on the whole it wasn't worth it for the price.Decor:a happy medium between industrial and flamboyant. Probably the biggest NYC restaurant I've been to...Food: I hear it was better a couple years ago... It was good but I've had some great Chinatown food for 1/20 the price.  The highlight was the Roast Pork with Mushu Pancakes.  The Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly Buns were very fatty and not in that scrumptious "I wish I had more of this fat" sort of way.  The fat was present but not particularly tasty:(  The Chili Rock Shrimp was good but not mind blowing as others have reported.  The accidental Potstickers that were delivered to out table were good too but not amazing.  The Ginger glazed carrots were a nice simple accompaniment.  On the whole the food just wasn't so special.Drinks: The specialty drinks were very tasty and the bar was quite lovely. I started with Fate which is a Proseco drink - very refreshing.  Then I went on to Fever which is a well balanced Mezcal and Jalapeno cocktail with a bit of sweetness from the pomegranate.  My fiance had the Solid (bourbon, orange and ginger) which was oddly refreshing for a bourbon drink.  All told the drinks get a winning vote!If you are a foodie and in the mood for tasty Asian fare- go to the bar and then to my favorite ramen place Menkui Tei on 57th st. Very inexpensive and more satisfying than Buddakan.  Or head to Chinatown to Joe's Ginger where you also can't go wrong.  Yum.Busy but good foodBeautifulllllllllll restaurant, one of the few that have taken my breath away with the decor. Service very fast and attentive. Do not recall the specific plates we had it was a party of 10 and they ordered many plates for us, but I must say every dish I tried was amazing! I definitely recommend it whether it's for a birthday, date, etc.Cool scene and good ideas on the food but not all that great in the execution. I really like the shrimp dumplings but have better potstickers. The rock shrimp needed some sweetness. Best on the menu wad the cod. Very flakey and tender, cooked perfectly. The chili crab noodles had excellent flavor but were overcooked and the pork mushu was unfortunately the same. Great flavor but tough. Overall a place for atmosphere but not for Asian fusion excellenceBuddakan was great. Everything EXCEPT the scallion pancake was well received table side (do not order the scallion pancakes.. they were actually quite bad). The mushroom and edamame shumai and rock shrimp were winners.Service was good and they have a great bar area to wait for members of your party to arrive.The only detriment outside of the scallion pancakes was the price, which came out to around $90 a person all in. Expensive for the type of food.I've been here enough to say that it's one of my favorite places to go. The decor & atmosphere alone is so nice. It has this darkness to it which makes it even more fun for me to go. The drinks are good but my absolute favorite thing to have is the Genreal Tso's dumplings! I could eat 3 helpings if need be. The charred filet of beef is so good too, the meat is so tender and the mustard they include is smoothe yet a bit spicy. To end the meal, although I don't care for chocolate on chocolate, the crying chocolate is divine. Altogether, it's a meal that will leave you wanting to lay on a bed of feathers.Stunning meal! We returned to buddakan after dining here in 06 and 08 and it still delivers. The meal was fantastic we shared several of the main courses and hot appetizers among our group of 8. Each one as well as the incredible lobster and crab fried rice dishes were delightful. The lamb chop was unbelievably good. The service was great and very attentive. Dessert was three great chocolate dishes ending the meal on a high note. Highly recommend!Food is BAD. period. You go there for the ambiance (this is the place you dress up and get hooked up). But if you want to go there for food, don't.I'm really writing this to jump on the edamame dumpling bandwagon. As people scroll reviews this app should be front and center.LOVED this place! So I've been wanting to come here for prob about 1.5 years, but b/c it's a little pricey, it's hard to talk friends who are on a budget to try it. My family came in for the weekend, and we finally got to go. Much to my liking, everything was AMAZING!!! We got there a few minutes early for our reservation (which we made a month ahead of time to garuntee our time slot/day we wanted during the holiday) So we were seated in the lounge. My sister and I started off w/ the Charm cocktail and it was so good, I had to have another after we were seated (only about 10 minutes after our reservation time to my surprise... usually these places are running way behind schedule)We ordered the scallion pancaked for an appetizer. They were small, but packed a lot of flavor.For dinner, I ordered the shrimp and lobster chow fun. The BEST noodles I've ever had, hands down. They were the perfect amount of spicy too. Not a lot of shrimp or lobster, but it was so filling, I could only eat 1/2. My family also ordered the sizzling short rib and black pepper beef. Both very good. For dessert, we ordered the crying chocolate which was warm and gooey after biting in.The service was all very good too. Everyone was so nice and giving... which I also wouldn't expect in a trendy restaraunt like this.If you have friends or family visiting, I def recommend taking them here. It also doesn't hurt if they are Sex and the City fans, b/c as all of you know, this is where Carrie and Big's rehearsal dinner was....Awesome place! Great cocktails, great atmosphere, great food. I have been here several times and will be back many more. Solid place to take out-of-towners, dates, and for other special occasions. Or for just a really good meal and experience. I highly recommend this place. You will not be disappointed.I have to say the decor was very impressive. But the food didn't live up to the expectation. Lobster fried rice was just ordinary, and the lamb was over cooked. If you are a fan of fusion Asian food, lower your expectation about the food you get from Buddakan.We went here on a Tuesday night and the place was packed.  Given that its in the meatpacking district you expect a nice decor but this place is  stunning.  The food & service was fantastic.  Just ask the waiter to order the best dishes and you will not be disappointed.  Great place for a business dinner or a special date.Our group actually had an amazing time here!  We loved the edamame dumplings and the noodles were wonderful.  Actually, every plate we sampled was so delicious!  Our server was attentive and it was never so loud that we could not hear each other.  We will be back!I came here one Saturday evening just to eat dessert. The place was completely packed we had to wait about half an hour to get a seat.  The ambiance and decor was great.  The staff was pleasant and helpful. We had the desert which was excellent. I would highly recommend this place and would definitely visit again.  Next Time probably for Dinner.Love this spot... food is amazing, really cool atmosphere, and the bar/lounge area in the front is not a bad alternative if you didn't make a reservation. I thought the hostess was also helpful, and she helped us get a table in that lounge area on a Friday night when there's always someone waiting to grab a table as soon as someone leaves.This place was amazing. The vibe was good, the decor was nice, it wasn't noisy, the service was great, and the food..... AMAZING!Our choice of plates:Edamame DumplingsChili Rock ShrimpSeabass RollBlack Cod entreeShort Rib entreeVegetable side dishLobster sticky riceEVERYTHING was amazing! the edamame dumplings melts in your mouth. It was a party of three and at first I thought it would be too much food, but the edmamae, rock shrimp and seabass roll were all small plates - 3 small rolls, 5 small dumplings, and small plate of shrimp... and we were doing good. Then, came the black cod and short rib entrees. The black cod is small portion on a big plate and good for one person; however, by the time we were done with the small plates, the black cod was also shared as I couldn't do it all by myself. The short rib is a big dish which can definitely be shared with at least two people (it includes noodles). By the time we got the lobster sticky rice, we were stuffed but it was soooo gooood, we still were able to finish it!In other words, Highly Recommended!!!!!The space is undeniably awesome - I love walking down that big staircase, the dripping candles, faux-library feel... totally sexy.However, food is not terribly special.  We had (in order of yumminess, from pretty solid to eh):- Scallion pancakes- Tuna tartare- Boneless spare ribs- Chilled Udon Noodles (I like the lime sorbet, but since when is this served with peas?)- General Tsos dumplingsWe advised the waiter that we just wanted to try a bunch of differerent small plates, and of course he recommended "at LEAST 5 or 6".  We had 5 and couldn't finish them between the two of us.  The pacing was also really rushed - we're talking 3 plates arriving within 10 minutes of ordering.  My boyfriend found an unexpected crunch in one of the dumplings - probably a bone.  Yuck.Bottom line? Come for the atmosphere, but not the food.  Also worth noting that it's good for groups because everything is easy to share - I could see a fun bachelorette party here.This place has great atmosphere, and the food is very good. But its not good enough to get 5 stars.The food is delicious. Plain and simple. All meats cooked to PERFECTION. The best scallops I've ever had in my life, the steak was one of the best I've ever had, lobster fried rice was not that great but fried rice is pretty boring itself, the edamame dumplings were great and so were the tuna spring rolls and rock shrimp. Drinks were fun but not really worth the price. Generally, BEAUTIFUL restaurant, nice (enough) staff considering they were busy, and fantastic food.Food was excellent, but service left a lot to be desired.  Portions are not large enough to be considered family style.   Be prepared that you will mpst likely sit at a communal table.   Since the place is very noisy, this doesn't make for ideal dinner conversation.This place is awesome...A nice asian fusion ...I come here quite a bit. The food is delicious. The drinks are fab. The decor is great. My only qualm would be the portions. They could be a bit bigger.Absolutely amazing. I got engaged here last year, and it was perfect. We do an annual girls trip, and visited again this year. We do the party theme choice #3 each time, and have never been disappointed. The food is unreal. The party style is definitely the way to go if there is a group. The staff is so friendly and accommodating. We will definitely make this a part of our trip every year.I walked to the front door and thought what is this place, it's like a plain black door, and than you enter to find a lovely well decorated restuarant, the food is just delicious and the services is wonderful... i cant say enough good thinks, everything we ate or tried was great..Definitely recommended - atmosphere food and service were all top class. The crying chocolate was a great finish to the night. Will definitely be back to enjoy the bar before dining.There's more than enough reviews of this on here, but I figured I'd add another. I've been here for both a private event and dinner and I can't get enough of it. The space is absolutely gorgeous and it will be a huge fit with out of town guests from LA or Vegas. Every item on the menu is carefully put together and I never found a single one that was disappointing. Try the scallops!Went on A Friday night for a bday gathering decor asian contemporary feeling ,ambiance delightful very full of energy, service was awesome we arrived at 1020 and had 1045 reservations and we seated promptly , everything is served family style, so be prepared to share also the calamari salad was good and the roast pork pot sticks were a must have ,a great girlie drink is charmed , I don't remember what was in it but it was fruit and light, we had no room for dessert , but were served a complimentary dessert platter coconut ice-cream for the bday girl !!!! Will definitely be back for sure:)WOW... one of the best places we've been in NY thus far!  Not the cheapest but one of the best.  Overall had a wonderful experience.  Good drinks, good food, and excellent service!  Loved that our waiter was genuine and real and made wonderful suggestions!  We had the charbroiled steak, asian greens, Monkfish..  and the Almond bread pudding was one of the best desserts I've EVER had!How hard can it be to write a review about a place that specializes in perfection? The food and service are amazing.  If you're looking for an opinion, the edamame dumplings are amazing, as is the seafood... as long as you're savvy to Japanese preparation. The blackened cod absolutely melts in your mouth, as do the scallops. Go ape shit and don't be afraid to pair a Spanish Rioja with it. I promise you'll be pleasantly surprised. Be forewarned, though, drinks are not cheap.  This isn't a cozy "couples" place.  Bring some friends, be loud, settle in for a few hours and have a good time!We were just in NY for a couple of days and wanted to try a restaurant with Pan Asian Flair. Buddakan came recommended to us by a couple of friends who live locally.Wow! for lack of a better word. Our senses were heightened by the succulent, flavorful,novel and well balanced dishes. we had crab legs in a spicy sauce! Wow! Wow! Wow! we also ordered the filet , the short rib, fried rice with coconut, sugar snap peas, black cod and bread pudding and donuts for deserts. everything was superb except the donuts. the donuts were not made on request, they were not fluffy and hot.service was more than friendly. when we requested to meet the head chef, they offered us to meet him inside the kitchen. He was so inviting and warm. overall, if we lived in Manhattan, this would be our heaven to visit regularly! When we die and go to heaven, please let our meals be catered by Buddakan!Cocktails were good. But the service did not live up to its reputation. I ordered plain white rice but it never showed up. I don't know how one can possibly think this place is a 5-star restaurant. In terms of dishes, they are overpriced for the quality. I honestly think that I can make better food at home. Further, it is too loud, I could hardly hear our own conversation. There need to be more space between the tables, given that the place is gigantic. I would not go there again.Decor was gorgeous. Service was good. Food was great, we had:Pork Potstickers - excellent, great sauce tooFilet of Beef - heaven, so good. tender with a flavorful charKung Pao Monkfish - good, nice flavor, would order sporadicallySha Cha Chicken - not very flavorful, wouldn't order againChinese Sausage Fried Rice - meh, wouldn't order againCrying Chocolate - delicious molten cake with a jasmine ice cream that I wasn't hooked on, but the rest of my party lovedSee and be seen crowd. Haven't been to eat, but good, sexy ambiance with drinks.Buddakhan! This was the choice for a friend's birthday dinner and I must say this place has quite the decor! It is dimly light throughout and has 2 levels. My dinner party was down the steps..(scary when there is a rain storm that you just came in from & you have on 5 inch pumps & a mini on lol..kinda scary imagining that tumble) anyhoo. We were seated at the long table in the middle of the restaurant where other parties can sit next to you. I ordered the Jade Shrimp Dumplings for starters based off of past reviews and they were really really good! Very light and fresh. For my entree I had the  Charred Filet of Beef..that came with wonton crisps and an amazzzzzing mustard sauce. The only thing is that I wish the meal was accompanied with rice..which is separate. I shared with one of my friends his Lobster fried rice..SO GOOD!!Overall the experience was great..great service. I will definitely be back.Did not disappoint...   Although we had to wait a bit longer for our table then we would have liked (we had a 9:15 reservation and we weren't say until about 9:40), the overall experience was great.While we were waiting, the manager offered to take us to the library bar... if the upstairs bar is as packed as it was last night, I would highly recommend this move.  The downstairs (library) bar was empty, and we had plenty of space to sit and enjoy our drinks.Another recommendation, unless you like very dim light... I'd strongly recommend to ask to be seated in the main room.  The music is not as loud in there, and the lighting is much better.Finally, for the food...  best part of the night.   What we ordered:Edamame dumplings -  As good as advertised.  Everyone really enjoyed them.Pork dumplings --- very good, but not anything amazingBoneless spare ribs -- Great.  Like some of the best fall off the bone ribs you've ever had... but no bone.  Easy to eat with fork and knife (actually no knife needed), with a great sauceRock Shrimp -- Another great dish.   The breading layer is so thin, and it's so lightly dressed in the spicy mayo, you almost forget it's bad for you.  If you like shrimp, this is a great dish (which we all do)Scallion pancakes with braised short ribs and apple -- very good, although not amazing.  The short rib was very good, and was definitely the star.  The scallion pancake was run of the mill... and not very crispy because the beef was piled on top of it.Cod (entree) -- very good.  fell apart with the lightest touch of the fork, and great flavorLobster fried rice -- very good fried rice... with a few chunks of lobster.  The lobster didn't change the flavor all that much, but the fried rice stood on its own.Broken Chili Chicken -- great sauce... definitely the best part.  I spooned it on to my fried rice at the end it was so good.   The chicken is all white meat, light tempura battered (with the skin on) so it's super crispy on the outside...  but the chicken in still incredibly moist (despite being sliced in the kitchen)Bread Pudding   -- everyone liked this, but I actually didn't eat any.... too full from everything else.One of my favorite spots to go for dinner on a Friday night with friends.  I love coming here with a group and sitting in the gorgeous main dining space.  The food is consistently fantastic, the service is spot-on, and the cocktail menu is amazing!  I often come here and take out of town friends and family and they always love it.Go here to see and be see. The decor in this place is over the top. Definitely a must see. Get there early to have drinks in the lounge! I recall the food being delicious and intricate. Pricey but definitely what you would expect at a restaurant of this caliber. If are in the neighborhood stop by and check it out by at least having a drink at the bar.I went to Buddakan originally on the "Sex & the city" tour, which My friend & I were educated on the fact that this is where Bigg & Carrie have their rehearsal dinner in the first movie. Regardless if you are a Sex & the city fan or not this restaurant is to not be missed! I came here for my 26th birthday with 5 of my friends and it was one of the best experiences of my life. Not only was the food delicious, the drinks crisp & refreshinging... but the ambiance was unbelievable! The decor is not what you typically see & the restaurant is huge! Said to be the biggest space in all of Manhattan. Okay, so now for the review on the food & drinks; first off yes it can get pricey,l but I think that one could go here for a drink & Dim Sum & walk out not spending too much.. because the experience is part of it. My friends and I ordered cocktails from the speciality cocktail menu... we ordered the reflection, Haze, virtue & charm (Cute names, right?), my best friend ordered the reflection & that was hands down my favorite, I think we both had three or four... the others were good as well, but the reflection was special. They have special glasses they are put in, which gives it the extra touch. Now for the food, we ordered a lot of different things, but from what I can remember we ordered: the Bo Bo plate, General Tso's dumplings, Spare ribs, Lobster egg rolls, Minced pork Lo Mein & Chilled Udon noodles. The Bo Bo Plate, which is what I ordered for myself included: Tuna spring rolls, sesame shrimp rolls, boneless spare ribs, carrot dumplings & a cantonese spring roll. Everything was delicious, nothing was ok.. the spare ribs were perfection. The Bo Bo plate is a great option because you can get a little taste of everything. I think this place is great for groups because you can easily share and have a taste of everything and I also think that makes the evening fun when you can share and enjoy dishes together. They even have a communal table which is absolutely stunning with a chadelier that is beyond words. We sat in a room right near it, but my view was towards the communal table, so I was able to really enjoy it. Lastly, for dessert we ordered the bread pudding & they even gave us a dessert for my birthday.. both were incredible, the dessert they gave was just as good, which I was surprised by because normally when its free, its just ok. All in all, great experience, food, pictures & memories... P.S. I do think that this place is just as easily for couples because it is romantic as well. Everyone should go & it is also in a great area so plenty to do afterwards as well.Best in everything. First of all the ambiance in this place will knock u off your feet. The music and sound system that have was amazing. Lovely loungy music that truly makes this feel like new York. Beautiful dining hall and high ceilings. And the food. Unbelievable. Fresh different and tasty!! Very well priced. Waitress was so professional and was there exactly when u needed her. Not over doing it like some places do. Manager came by to check up on things and say hello which I love as it shows just how much they care about each guestGreat place to celebrate ur bday And dress up for a great time.Amazing. Everything was delicious.  My favorite is the crab fried rice!The second best thing about Buddakan was definitely the ambiance... It's a huge space and they have it laid out very well. Very different, dark (which I love), and each room has a different aesthetic. The cocktails were great, and every dish I tried was better than the last. The edamame dumplings which sounded pretty dull, were probably the best thing I ate all night. Could have eaten three servings of them as my meal.This place is fabulous!I booked this place for dinner to impress the NYC-visiting fam and they were blown away by the ambiance. We had the best table in the house within the gorgeous dining room. (My only critque is that some of the appetizers came out after the entrees). The restaurant is a little pricey but it was expected, you're paying for the amazing ambiance. Nonetheless, I am coming back for sure!its a monday night.. and Just came back from Buddakan....place was fairly empty by 6 and completely packed by 7 lots of corporate expense account types of crowd..no way there paying for this out of their own pocket...the drinks are awesome and worth the price...the food is parallel to pf changs and i think its overpriced...shrimp toast was shrimp paste wrapped around a shrimp fried..a dim sum portion for $13...too greasy.. lamb was $30 for three tiny lollipops of lamb.  had the tea marinated short rib which was very sweet and rich...the sausage fried rice had chinese sausage which was very finely priced alotof soysauce in the rice..fairly large portion of rice.. $11 ....the lychee drink is awesome $13 ...its a huge restaurant. im not really impressed by the interior..its more minimalist contemporary with high celings....wasnt impressed by the service....i would go back just for the drinks...Absolutely delicious and really good prices for what you get.  I highly reccomend for a special occasion. I like the fact that everything is shareable! :)The food was good. I found the restaurant way too large to enjoy. Soo many floors and doors and what nots. It is a nice place to show off for Chinese but not really a repeat offender.Hot, trendy, amazing food and wonderful service! I don't always go for the ultra trendy restaurants in the city, but wanted to take a friend, who was in town, somewhere fun. Buddakan definitely exceeded my expectations. Food wise I highly recommend the tuna tartare spring rolls, they were to die for. The Cantonese steamed sole was delicious as well, very fresh and extremely flavorful. The service was outstanding, I did not love the first cocktail I tried and the waiter insisted on bringing me something else. Our fish came out 5 minutes before the side dishes we ordered, which we were fine (we thought it was suppose to happen this way), but the waiter was completely embarrassed and apologized profusely. We then had two managers come to check on our meal and apologize again for the timing of the dishes, in addition they provided dessert on the house to make up for it!. Living and dining in NYC you don't always expect he highly attentive and customer-focused level of service that Buddakan exemplifies, which makes it all the more wonderful when you come across it.My favorite resto in NYC. Great ambience, decor, service. The food is really amazing. I order the same food every time and i can eat it again and again. Edamame dumplings is a must! Peking duck and crispy shrimps are amazing. The best dessert is banana cake. Every time I go there I feel full and satisfied.Excellent  & delicious:  Appetizers, Entrees (for the Dungeness Crab Sticky Rice, they let me substitute with brown rice! FAB!) and Desserts. The staff was overall helpful -- some extremely gracious, others a tiny bit smug, but in summary I highly recommend.It was okay. The appetizers were the best part of the meal we ordered boneless spare ribs,chili rock shrimp and sesame shrimp toast. For dinner I had Sweet and Crispy Jumbo shrimp they were okay with steamed white rice the rice was so dry ugh. The other guest had the lobster rice complained the lobster tasted like it was not fresh but frozen. They paired it with 1. Sizzling short rib, 2. Mongolian lamb chops and 3. Broken chili chicken. Everything was just mediocre maybe we just had too high of expectations. For drinks we ordered Hennessy on the rocks, patron sun rise (I think they forgot to put the patron in mine), and patron margarita (again I think they were short on patron or something taste like juice). I will not go back besides the food was mediocre but service was horrible the waiter took 20mins to take drink orders and disappeared for half an hour to take food orders if the food is not good at least have good service. Plus he had a sarcastic attitude every time we spoke to him.Buddakan is AMAZING! The restaraunt is beautifully decorated and the food is delicious. My waiter recommended correct portion sizes and items on the menu which were delicious! The menu is similar to China Grill and Asia de Cuba, everything is meant to be shared. Delicious food, delicious drinks, definitely a must try! FYI: As China Grill and Asia de Cuba, Buddakan is pricey. Be prepared!Really fun atmosphere, delicious food. Recommend the dumpling appetizer!Delicious as usual.I love this restaurant -- very cool, dark and cavernous or light and lively in the main hall. The #1 thing to love about this restaurant is the small plates -- love the rock shrimp, the shrimp dumplings, the tuna tartare spring rolls and the sea bass rolls. Absolutely delicious.I'd stick to the small plates because the main dishes and sides are a bit disappointing. We also ordered the braised short ribs entree, pork lo mein and greens. These were not bad, they just didn't have the same richness of flavor as the apps. Was not pleased by our server who claimed to have heard us order the braised short rib entree instead of the app and tried to get us to order a million dishes even though we were 4 small women. So be on the watch out for that. There's a lot of food, and no need to over-order.We almost walked past the place. The door is giant with a tiny name that you can't read across the street. We came here 9:30 on a Saturday night and it was packed! There's a common area at the bar where you can sit and order appetizers and specialty cocktails with pieces of fruit with silly names such as "Charm", "Spirit", and "Passion".We ordered the following:Edamame Dumplings: Very smooth and almost creamy. Loved it.Duck salad: The greens were a little strange, but the pieces of crispy duck were deliciousLobster Fried Rice: Alright, not particularly memorableChow Fun: Also not particularly memorable, but we cleaned the plate, so it must have been good.Sizzling Short Rib: I went to the Philadelphia location last year and it was MAGICAL. Here was still good, but it didn't match up to the Philly locationWe asked the waitress if this was enough for four people and she said it was a little "light". We ordered the Alaskan Black Cod which was very soft and delicious, but the waitress lied, it was sooo much food, we were all going to explode like a goldfish whose owner accidentally overfed. Great experience but wow, trendy places are starting to make me feel old and tired.It's silly and theatrical, but fun.  The food is good and not that expensive as long as you don't drink yourself silly.  I like to either go with a group and have a dinner/club fun time, or go very early/late and enjoy the food when it's a bit more quiet.Great lounge, impressive large dining room, and above all, great food. You can't go wrong here. Only down side is it is quite large and doesn't always feel intimate as a result.I went on a Sunday night with my two daughters, and they say it was the "best meal they ever had".each dish was better than the previous and there was not one disapointmeant. An outstanding meal overall.So much to say so ill put it like this.... WOW 10 STARSFrom the food to the ambiance to the drinks to the staff I have absolutely no complaints. I loved everything about Buddakan. I've been wanting to go to Buddkan for quite some time but never got around to it until this past weekend when I had some friends visiting from out of town. This is a great place to bring out of towners and of course to enjoy great drinks and food!Excellent!  We had an attentive, friendly waiter who had great suggestions.  Prices were extremely reasonable for the area.  Food was delicious!Good food and great atmosphere for a few drinks and dinning.Excellent place! I went to celebrate my husband's awards. The front looks mysterious,and when you enter, you are blown away by the interiors. The service is excellent, although it gets very busy. We had drinks at the bar, a bit pricey but nice cocktails. We were seated downstairs, gorgeous interiors. The waiters know a lot about the food, and guided us really well. The vegetable fried rice and the tofu dishes were awesome! And my favorite part of the meal: dessert--crying chocolate! I love love love it!Memorable experience! Great place to celebrate, or have a memorable evening!Birthday Bash with 10ppl was outstanding, no wait for our table started the evening just perfectly.  Ordered 13 apps, 10 entrees and 4 desserts, 2 bottles of wine and 3 cocktails.  Bill $900 inclusive. Darn reasonabe for the quality of the food.  Service was good albeit pushy to order more food; server didn't think we had enough.  Everyone was very satisfied not overstuffed.  I was surprised how good the food was; very carefully prepared.  Serving dishes too big for table which was an issue as we passed them around. Highlights:  Chili Rock Shrimp, Carrot Dumplings, Scallion pancakes (interesting interp), Kung Pao Fish, Braised Short ribs, Peking Duck, Tuna tartar.  Jasmine ice cream in the Crying Choc was a hit otherwise get the peanutbutter dessert or bread pudding.Just an outstanding evening for a group that rarely gets our schedules in sync.  Everyone is still talking about it!  Will be remembered for years to come. We had cocktails at 675 bar beforehand.  Great spot to meet up.  Just make a reservation to get a table of any sort. Warning:  We had a major salt hangover in the morning.  If you don't eat alot of salt, drink lots of water before bed.Food was greasy and overly priced.  Service was lousy.  It was way too dark inside.  I have been curious for years about this place.  Sad to say it did not meet any of my expectations.I went here for a friends birthday. We planned to have her birthday party here after seeing it on Sex And The City the movie. We enjoyed ourselves, the ambiance was nice and the food was ok. it was nothing to get excited about but I would go back. I would suggest the pancakes and the coconut rice. Some areas of the restaurant seem to be designed for groups and other areas for couples. They stuck a group next to our table that was trying to quite us down(Party poopers!). The concierge and wait staff are definitely friendly. This is one of the biggest restaturant I've ever been to. It was a good restaturant experience with okay food.Fantastic food, fantastic service, fantastic ambiance, fantastic experience!My wife and I went this past Friday night. We showed up right on time for our reservation. The host seemed to know my first name immediately upon me saying my last name, which was a neat trick. We were immediately and politely escorted to the lounge where we waited only a few minutes before a very serious looking man with an ear piece came to escort us to our table. He carried our drinks and walked us all the way to the back of this huge restaurant to what had to be the worst table in the house. We sat there for a few minutes, but then went back to find the man and ask for a better table. He told us to wait 20 minutes and within 10 minutes we were very politely taken to what had to be the best seat in the house. A four top in the main downstairs room where the two of us could sit side by side and both face the room. An extremely friendly waiter then came by and helped us select some of the best food we've ever eaten. Really. The frogs leg appetizer and Kung Pao Monkfish were two of the best thing's I've ever eaten anywhere. We order second helpings of both! Other appetizers and entrees we ordered were also great.The place is clearly a business... meaning they move you in, move you out and turn over the table... no table clothes, food arrives as its ready, sit you long enough in the lounge to by a drink before dinner, etc. But, given what their overhead must be in a place that big its understandable, and its done with such tact and class, you barely notice, let alone mind.That was our one experience. We're heading there again this coming weekend to see if its really that great consistently... and because I'm hooked on the Kung Pao fish!Wow ! Their menu is unusual and the food tastes outstanding. Excellent ambience, food and service. Definitely on the expensive side.Went here with some friends,nothing spectacular chinese food with a twist i guess! very expensive and no parking at all! would not go again! the only good part is the desserts were very good and differentThe food in this place it excellent, the place is beautiful, great lighting and ambiance. Didn't have to wait for our table, This place was just amazing, our entire group enjoy the food and the drinks, great drinks by the way. I would definitely go back to Buddakan again.Been here twice with a group of 10 plus and I couldn't wait to come back.  Lots of small dishes which you can share.  Good choice of cocktails and the atmosphere is super cool.  I'll be back.Girlfriend and I went here on the weekend she visited. So you can tell I had high expectations for this place as I really needed it to be quite impressive.The moment we entered my gf was already smiling which gives this place a huge plus. We were quickly seated after waiting at a nice bar area for a few minutes.The ambiance of this place is great. A negative I noticed right away was that we were seated very very close to other groups of two to the point where it is easy to hear their conversation completely. I even saw some tables jumping into people's conversations to talk about the food. Which isn't necessarily a bad thing :)Anyway onto the important stuff the food.Appetizers:  Edamame Dumplings- although this was definitely unique I would say this is very overhyped and overrated. Im glad I tried it but would pass on ordering again. Very mushy   Chili Rock Shrimp- hands down best dish here. Very crispy and a great taste as well as great proportions. Felt like it was approaching entree proportions. The shrimp is coated in a nice spicy (mayo?) sauce that is amazing. If you don't like shrimp don't be afraid to try this dish you can't really taste the shrimp flavor youll just taste the delicious flavor.Entrees:   Chinese Sausage Fried Rice: this wasnt anything out if the ordinary but wasn't expecting it to be. Served with a sunny side up egg that is recommended to be mashed in with the rice.Mongolian Lamb Chops: Very tender meat with a interesting coating on the side. A sweet yet sharp taste for the coating. Costing sometimes overwhelming but dish good overall.    Charted Filet Of Beef: This was my gf's favorite dish. The beef was insanely tender and the sauce was just as amazing. I'm unsure what was in the sauce but I'm sure there was some butter which makes the world a tastier place :) definitely get this dish you won't regret it. Never tasted beef as tender as this.Desert:   Crying Chocolate: This dish first of all is very atheistically pleasing. It comes with jasmine ice cream and a chocolate lava cake type desert. I could not stop eating this dish despite how many times I told my gf to just finish it and that I was done.Our server was very attentive and always dropped by to make sure everything was going great. As well there were other people around to make sure things were attended to if necessary.Overall this is a great place to go and will definitely impress your date. It is definitely also a great place to go with just your friends as the food is top notch. I just wish I didn't eat that Rocky road ice cream beforehand :( definitely come ready to eat as it is a lot of tasty food so you'll definitely want to eat as much as possible.(also ordering 4 orders of chili rock shrimp wouldnt be that bad of an idea :} )Tourist trap? Take a stroll on the High Line after dinner.Loved it! Amazing menu with cocktails to die for. Recommend the Punch and Depth cocktails. Food - loved the hoisin pork belly buns and the signature chocolate dessert was mouth-gasmic!Service was excellent, ambience of the restaurant awesome and the bill came no where near to what I was expecting. Be sure to reserve a table.If you think this is fancy... think again. Too much hype about this place. Not bad for a get -together with friends. Not a "First Date" Place.Great lobster egg rolls!!Cool atmosphere. Try the lobster.Went to Buddakan for the first time with two friends. Yes.  it is a upscale, trendy and super expensive for a Chinese restaurant; however, Its food is really NOT that impressive.  We had four appetizers with raving reviews on Yelp, but disappointed with all four. Edamame dumpling was mushy and tasteless, Scallion Pancake was extremely salty, Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly was kind of fatty, Chili Rock Shrimp was popcorn shrimp with a fancy name.Our three Entrees fared much better than appetizers. Glazed Black Cod was tender and delicious. Shrimp Lobster Chow Fun was my favorite. For its $35 high price tag, It had decent number of fresh and large shrimps. The chow fun was very well made. Broken Chili Chicken was OK. Two Desserts we had, Crying Chocolate and Almond Bread Pudding, were with great presentation, but average taste.Overall, we give Buddakan 3 stars.Perhaps it was better when it first opened, but our recent experience was not great.  Below average food and uncomfortable dining.We were here in november. The food was great! The place was great. We are glad we found this restaurant. It was our  sons birthday and i mentioned it by the reservation on open table. The staff came to wish him à happy birthday and they gave him an icecream. Great place!!Went for dinner 1/1/12 HORRIBLE experience.  Upon entering took forever for hostess to even acknowledge you, even with there being 3 of them up there.  The restaurant was booked so had to sit in lounge where they offer full menu.  Service was HORRIBLE I have never had service like this before in NYC.  The waitress never even came to give us a menu took one off adjoining table.  Then she never even came to take order. I believe I gave my order to the manager who was walking around when I asked for a waitress to take my order.  When we finally got food it was mediocre best part of dinner was dessert the crying chocolate.  Don't believe the hype with this place. The ambiance is beautiful but for the price great service and food should come along with it.  If you go it's just to say you went.My friend came to New York and wanted a "Sex in the City" trendy type restaurant.  Buddakan was perfect.  Good energy, trendy enough for her, really good food and ended up not being as expensive as we thought it would be.  Huge restaurant and fun place to go.Great ambiance.  I love the long table that's in the center of the restaurant on the bottom floor.  Drinks are regular high end bar/restaurant prices.  The food is delightful; the lobster fried rice stood out for me. Would go back if I had the opportunity.I'm not ashamed to say that Buddakan provided me with one of the best dinners of my life. In fact, I've been holding off giving any restaurant 5-stars until I wrote the review for this place.Oh, Buddakan. How I love you. Restaurant was gorgeous, plain and simple. Their great hall is really something to behold. We didn't sit there, but we marveled as we passed. Food was simple, elegant, and most of all, delicious. The edamame dumplings that everyone is raving about deserve all the praise. The filling was so smooth and light. It was light eating a cloud. We also had the lobster fried rice, the steak with mustard sauce, and the black cod. While the lobster fried rice and the steak were DELICIOUS, the black cod was to die for. I can't even explain. But every time I eat fish at another restaurant, I think longingly back to Buddakan's black cod. Yum. Just, so yum.The stars of the meal, though: DESSERT.Sweet Jesus, the dessert. We had the Crying Chocolate (melting chocolate ganache with jasmine tea ice cream), and the Almond Bread Pudding (with whiskey ice cream). Gorgeous too look at - but you won't be looking very long as you shovel them into your mouth. Try to continue to look classy as you do it, even though it'll be tough.Will definitely come back.Try it out yourself; thank me later.I'm a huge fan of the food, the ambiance, the beautiful settings and the friendly staff that welcome you, however what I really didn't like about Buddakan is that they stress you to eat your food (we were there on a saturday so I understand it's a busy day with people waiting to be seated...) but they pass your table every 5 minutes to see if your finished eating so that they can remove the plates and clean for the next guest. I'm not a slow eater and when I go to a fancy and pretty expensive restaurant like this I would like to enjoy it for a while, we were done within the hour and felt like we had to leave, waitors and waitresses were staring at us and passing our table all the time that it really ruined the whole experience. Next time I go, if I go, I'm going to leave food on my plate and say that I'm NOT DONE YET! :)Buddakan was GREAT. It can get pretty crowded, but not in a claustrophobic way, so definitely make a reservation. Despite everything, the reception staff and managers really went to great lengths to help my group with all our requests. Our server, Jordan, was also really attentive. Food-wise, there are some must-try dishes, and some other ones to skip over. The Scallion Pancakes were good, together with the Carrot Dumplings (interesting mushroom filling, better than the highly acclaimed Edamame Dumplings). The Peking Duck was a good choice, so was the Char Sui Roast Pork and the meat dishes. I would give the Alaskan Black Cod a miss though. It turned cold quickly and wasn't very flavorful. I would also skip the Rice dishes and Asian Green Stir Fry - definitely not Buddakan's strengths. Dessert-wise, try the Clementine Cloud and the Crying Chocolate. Clementine Cloud comes with a variety of light desserts that was a good end to the dinner, and the Chocolate was designed beautifully, tasted pretty good too. The Chocolate Sesame Fondant is pretty dense, so get that as a sharing plate. All in all, a wonderful experience. Go for the slightly pricier items, they really are worth the occasional splurge.The place is really nice but the food does not worth the price. Really expensive for an "untasty" meal ... lobster rolls are just filled with boiled lobster and cabbage ! not even a leave of herb or whatever that would bring flavor and I do not exactly remember what else we order (we were a party of 6) but after we left the place (definitely not full)  my husband had a burger once back at the hotel room ! $150 / couple for a meal that I do not even remember, it is expensive. We also had a french rose wine that was awful. Hopefully the place is really nice with a nice atmosphere. I would recommend this place as a bar but not as a restaurant.This place is stunning.  The food is delicious and the presentation is unreal.  The portions are a good size.  We ordered and shared most, or at least tasted everything..... the edamame dumplings, tuna springrolls, rock shrimp, tuna tartar.  Duck, Short Ribs, Branzini Fish............. ALL AMAZING! Then the deserts, one more delicious then the next.  we ordered 3.  There were 5 of us.  A taste is all you need!  I would definately reccommend going.  An experience and an honor for something specialTe decor here is amazing and the space is cavernous. What amazed me most was the volume this place still does. We had 9pm reservations on A Thursday night, and had to wait about 15 minutes for our table. The waiting area, and entire 2 floor space was bustling. The 5 hostesses could barely keep pace with the constant turnover of people.  Now for the food. The calamari salad was fantastic. The spring rolls were also a winner. For entrees my wife had the lobster fried rice, and I had the pepper beef, which were both very well prepared. We split the crying chocolate for dessert, a lite yet decadent way to end our meal. All things considered, the pricing is very reasonable for NYC standards. Would definetely   return.First time at Buddakan. Very impressive decor...upon entering there is an enormous tapestry behind a reception desk to the right with 5 or 6 host/hostesses waiting to greet you. Why do they need so many people was the question running through my mind. We had a reservation and were seated quickly after being asked to wait at the bar. The place is dark and modern, with many nooks and crannies. The street level tables look down over a cavernous lower level with one of the largest tables I've ever seen surrounded by smaller dining tables. I image they must have communal seating at that large table but we sat on the upper level. Our waitress was very charming and accommodating. We had a diner with food allergies and she was eager to help us in any way she could. We ordered the edamame dumplings and general tso's dumplings for appetizers as we were told dishes come out as they are ready and are meant for sharing. The edamame dumplings were a standout with a creamy smooth filling. For entrees we had the charred filet of beef, Mongolian lamb chops, minced pork lo mein, shrimp and lobster chow fun and lobster fried rice. I thought the lo mein was ordinary but the other dishes were fabulous. The beef came with a side of garlic butter that everyone was fighting over!For dessert we tried the crying chocolate, almond bread pudding and sorbets. The bread pudding was the best of the three.Soft shell crabs were spicy and crunchy. Mmm!The food was just ok, but the decor of the restaurant is just incredible! You will feel like you are entering an old palace. Im not a fan of sweet sauce, which is perhaps why I didnt enjoy the food too much. Lobster fried rice was delicious though- even on an almost full stomach. We ordered it towards the end of our meal.The atmosphere and service is great.  The appetizers are awesome.  Highly recommend the Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly.  The dessert was awesome.  The entrees are OK, small portions.  The noodles were too salty and nothing special.  Overall great experience and would go back again.This place has a great atmosphere and the general tso soup dumplings were our favorite food item our whole trip. We also ordered the cod and the lobster rice. Both were good but pricey. Great place for a date night and so close to Chelsea market.it's really hard to wow me, esp when it comes to asian food. but the food was just amazing. i went here with a group of 7 friends for my friend's bday and we were seated in a corner which made the dining experience more intimate and definitely not loud. the ambiance is trendy, modern and dim lighting. even for the meatpacking area, it didnt feel pretentious - it had a cool classic feel. the service was great, and our waitress was so helpful and attentive and just perfect. clearly, we were overwhelmed with the menu and thankfully, my fellow yelper friends already knew what was the must trys but our waitress told us that for our size party might be best to order off of the tasting menu. so ended up ordering the tasting menu #2 - including apps, entrees, and dessert. you could also substitute if you wanted something else on the main menu as long as it was the same price. it was the right amount of portions for us and if we wanted more of one thing, then we could just request for more without any additional charge! the food was so flavorful and tasty, the drinks were delish (i liked fate - not too much alcohol) and the dessert was heavenly. it's really hard to call out any one dish because i was just so satisfied with the whole tasting menu #2! i would definitely come back again! money well spent!Been there a few times and really enjoy it. each course is wonderful and the atmosphere is great.Went here recently for a little get together.  Always a great vibe at this joint.  My party really enjoyed the chili rock shrimp, edamame dumplings, pork belly sliders, crying chocolat, and the bread pudding.  All of us (4 guys) almost cried at how good the bread pudding was.  The bourbon cocktail was a real crowd pleaser.  Entrees were good too, but the apps and desserts were our favorite.do not feel well after dinning there...Ok I've been trying to eat at this place since umm April when they opened but every Thursday, Tuesday and one other day we tried there were no reservations. Finally we got one for last night at 10:15. When you enter it's a little spooky because the ceilings are immense and there are these HUGE steal beams everywhere. You walk to this hostess table, tell them you have a reservation and they escort you to a lounge where apparently you have to then wait for another hostess to put you on a list to get your table. We sat in the catacombs upstairs very dark compared to the lit library downstairs. Anyway our waiter Byron came over to take our order and I wanted their crab fried rice without eggs-he very curtly was like oh they won't do that. Then suggested veggie fried rice with no egg which we decided was fine. We got all of our food (we shared appetizers) before our drinks even arrived. He forgot one persons drink-then we ate. I enjoyed the edamame dumplings and the frogs legs. The portion sizes were good to share. We also had the squash dumplings-didn't like their consistency and calamari salad which was good. But the kicker was the rice. As soon as the bus boy put it down we look in and wait there is a shitload of egg in it. I was annoyed and picked it out. The best part was the desert. Crying Chocolate which I would highly recommend. It was $126 for 4 people which wasn't too bad. But if you are a person who makes modifications to a menu-this is NOT the place to go, everything is mass produced so they won't alter it.Really awesome!  Fabulous ambiance - glamour to the hilt.  Gracious service...  and sexy in every way.  Must try from the menu; Edamame Dumplings and Peking duck.love this place!Once of the best NY restaurant !!!!!Everything was excellent.  We had Peking Duck, special dumplings, sweet sausage fried rice and crispy prawns.  Service was outstanding too.  Must visit if your in New York.i loved the atmosphere. the main room is just grand. when i first heard about it i thought the food would be amercanized chinese food, but not so. the food was pretty authentic.  our waiter used the same lines on every table, but the service was great too.for a special eventsBeautiful Decor and ambiance, however the food did not complement the atmosphere. It was simply mediocre and not worth the price. The pork belly buns were good but did not compare to David Chang.Excellent place and food, very recommended .only reason i'm a fan is for the quality of product that they create.  it's not outstanding, just consistently good.  edamame dumplings are quite a treat.Fancy Schmancy??.....NAH....Its just a good ole NYC spot!!! We love it dark and sexy....just be you(without sweats and a baseball cap) and you'll be fine!! I read a few reviews about the workers being stuck up but my experience last night(2/17/11) was anything but. After a harrowing experience at Barney's Warehouse Sale i decided to dive deeper into my dwindling checking account and stop by Buddakan for some grub. Nick, one of the hosts/reservationist was hella cool, gave me a 10pm reservation when i arrived at 9pm but suggested i try for the lounge area. Low and behold i got a seat at the bar and within 5mins a seat at a communal table(sort of like a bougie picnic bench). On to the real shit, the FOOD AND DRINKS!!!!!! I ordered the pork dumplings(yuummmmyyy), the lobster fried rice(oooooohhhh yyyyyeaaaaa) and possibly the best damn chicken ive ever had that wasnt soul food; BROKEN CHILI CHICKEN.....fukkin awesome! The cocktails got me where i needed to be: the Fate(light but deceptive made with pineapple) and the Solid(umm....why do i keep ordering these bourbon infused drinks when i know i'm semi light in the ass?...lol). Overall, i spent $85 bucks on myself and it felt damn good...Buddakan, I am a believer!!!!!Come here to see the beautiful people or the Corp card gangs. Food was very good, service too (plenty of waiters around). Prices what you expect for this kind of trendy fusion food joint.this place is my new best friend. if i lived/worked closer, i think i might actually be permanent fixture. just don't make a res on saturday night at 1130pm for your birthday... you'll be too hungry to enjoy the food, too deaf to hear your friends and too drunk to remember what happened.You might remember this place from the first Sex & The City Movie where Carrie and Mr. Big host their rehearsal dinner or where Carrie asks Mr. Big for her "last single girl's kiss". This was one of the stops on the Sex & The City tour, mesmerized by the decor we decided to make reservations for later that evening. Because we were on the tour we received a coupon for a Cosmo with a purchase of an appetizer. Dressed in labels and fun we arrived to the restaurant, our table was not ready yet we were directed to wait in the lounge area where we had some drinks. The lighting was very very dim (it was kind of annoying, reason for not earning the 5th star), the waitress found us among the sea of single women and walked us to our table, conveniently situated next the long table that appeared in the movie. We ordered 3 appetizers (lobster eggs rolls, edamame dumplings, vegetable dumplings) we also ordered vegetable fried rice with a coconut curry sauce. The food was irresistibly amazing! Dessert we shared the chocolate peanut butter bombe, to die for! The place is great, the epitome of New York chic. We overheard someone talking about Miami being the next home for Buddakan, I am crossing my fingers, legs, and toes that there is truth to that!Food was really great, service was great and the ambiance was amazing. prices were fare for NYC all and all a great experience.My first experience here I had some service issues, but second time around was terrific. I recommend requesting a seat in the lower level of the restaurant if you would like a quieter dining experience. Our waitress was terrific with great recommendations. We had to start the popular edamamae dumplings which texture wise remind me of mashed potatoes in a dumpling, but the taste gets me over my texture issue. We had the tuna tartare spring rolls which are super delicious and I highly recommend.  We had the chilled udon noodles with a delicious sorbet in the middle. The noodles were absolutely delicious and I would have never ordered that unless our waitress didn't push us to. She was great. As our mains we had the delicious lamb chops that were crusted with a nutty crust, super yummy.  We also had the monk fish which was spicy, super tasty and delicious. For dessert we had a delicious coconut grilled cake with a passion fruit gelatin that was so good, but my favorite dessert was the crying chocolate it was a OH MY GOD delicious malted chocolate ganache souffle with a vietnamese coffee ice cream with spots of caramel and chocolate on the plate, I literally wanted to lick that plate clean. SO GOOD!!! I would highly recommend coming here and picking your servers brain on what to get if you haven't dined here before, The service was terrific, I will be back.the best bloody mary ever.............Hi Five!  This is a gem waiting to be found. I must have walked by "Buddakhan" several times not noticing it (it blends in like a cameleon as a part of Chelsea Market). I live right in the neighborhood and it lived up to all expectations. First off, the place in gorgeous inside and the food is even more exquisite. It's not exactly cheap (runs about $50/person), but trust me, the quality and presentation of the food is what you pay for. We ordered the monk fish kung pao and the tuna tatar appetizer. Both were presented beautifully and absolutely delicious. What's even more amazing is how quality is maintained, in spite of the hundreds of people who come here each night, so definitely gets an A for consistency. Definitely the best Asian fusion restaurant I've been to in NYC. Come here with a date, friends, out of town guest, and make sure you dress up as well!This giant, trendy asian-fusion restaurant will wow you when you first walk in. Everything is somewhat sexy with many sections of the restaurant, each with different themes and decor - the lounge is sleek but gets crowded and loud in the evening, the grand room with its high ceiling, gold colors and grandeur commands your attention but also gets loud as the room fills up...but the best is the quieter, more intimate library with tables surrounded by faux gold colored books, softly lit by lights - we have our favorite table here for six that is comfortable yet interesting in decor - which, by the way, is an odd mix of asian and baroque. The food itself is good - particularly the taro puff lollipops which were served hot with a crispy outside and a warm goey pork filling.  The scallion pancakes with short ribs were more like crispy thin flatbread with braised short ribs and scallion on top - but it was delicious. The lobster dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary though. We also tried the NY strip served with tomatos and crispies - it was good, but again, nothing special. The black cod and the snapper, though typical sounding were actually delicious and well accented by the other complementary aspects of the dish susch as the mushrooms and the radish. In terms of dessert - we ordered the chocolate mille feuille with caramelized banana and a kaffir lime tart that came with some sort of a lime souffle and gelato - I highly recommend the lime dessert because the lime souffle and gelato were irresistable. Overall, I would say that the food was delicious, the decor was interesting, the service could have been more consistent - but I'll give them a break since this is only week 2 - and the experience overall was worth trying - but there are definitely better places to eat. Good place to get a drink and small apps though...!My boyfriend and I decided to try Buddakan for our pre-valentines day dinner.  As soon as I walked in, I was impressed by the decor, lighting and atmosphere.  I especially liked the dim lighting, it made it so much more intimate.  They were very prompt with the reservation, I didn't have to wait beyond the time it was made for.  The menu, unlike other places isn't over crowded with options.  For appetizers, we had the jasmine shrimp dumplings and the general tso dumplings.  The jasmine dumplings were by far so much better.  For the entrees, you basically get your protein and if you'd like something to go with it, you should order from the sides, however the portion size is enough to fill you up.  I had the broken chili chicken, which was with the sauce really good.  Finally, their desserts are so decadent.  My bf, who is very hard to pleased, absolutely loved the bread pudding and I had the most luscious melted chocolate ganache.  Overall, this is a really great restaurant with unique and delicious meal options, just expect to dish out a little.the only reason i can't give buddakan 5 stars is because of of the portion sizes compared to price, but it is MEPA after all! i strongly suggest this as a date spot (thanks guys!) or for a group so you can share everything. in a city where restaurants flop daily, buddakan has maintained its reputation and is still a total (awesome) scene. definitely well deserved as it is such a gorgeous, beautifully decorated, trendy, delicious, MASSIVE restaurant. really the ambiance is just absolutely stunning. food is great but really the only two words you need to know are EDAMAME DUMPLINGS! everytime i have gone i have ordered seconds of these babies. YUM!Best food Ive ever had!Okay - I understand why people like this place.  It's got really amazing decor and tasty, unusual cocktails.  However, it's really expensive, and I found that the food wasn't really anything to write home about.  As other reviewers have mentioned, you can get something tastier in Chinatown for a quarter of the price.  On the other hand, that wouldn't be as trendy.  That's really the selling point of this establishment - that they're hip and exclusive, and that's why they book you for a 10pm reservation and then make you wait another two hours to be seated.  There are so many places to eat in New York City - if you repeatedly get told that it'll "just be a few minutes," you may want to hightail it elsewhere.Hip, Hop hooray.... Just my style.  After traveling for a week on the east coast, hitting up small local places with greasy food, I was desperately looking forward to a nice dinner with some style, I found it!  Starting at Chelsea pier, we walked the elevated park down to the restaurant.  What a spectacular view!   Entering Buddakan we immediately felt like we were in a Sex in the City movie.   We were sat almost right away, we walked through a huge dining room to a smaller area with exposed brick and beams with just the right amount of light.  There were 5 of us, so we decided to all order a dim sum, an entrée and dessert.   That's definitely the way to go.  We couldn't even come close to finishing it all, but it was a great way to try a nice selection of the food.  Everything from the veggie dumplings to the peanut udon noodles with lime sorbet were a piece of art.  All the food came out with an edge, it looked nothing like what you expected, which was a treat.   I had the banana fritters with the pistachio ice cream; it had an overwhelming orange flavor which was surprisingly delicious.  The best part of the experience was finding my new favorite drink, Citrus vodka with lemongrass juice and green tea... I'll be drinking these by the pool for the rest of the summer!Fancy and expensive!!! Massive space for a restaurant, food is so so, typical "fancy" Chinese, was not impressed.  Came for a birthday once, to see what's the hype all about, but will not return.I came here with my parents and boyfriend for my birthday this past October and had a great experience. My boyfriend and I were running a bit late and the staff were very accommodating and we only waited a couple of minutes to be seated (this was a sunday night). Sitting downstairs is a must - the decor is impressive. I had the deviled tuna tartare to start and it was excellent. We also shared the chili rock shrimp and General Tso's dumplings which were very good as well. For our main dishes we shared the sizzling short rib which was excellent, as well as the shrimp and lobster chow fun, the chilled udon noodles, and the chinese sausage fried rice. I especially loved the chinese sausage fried rice, the fried egg is a nice touch. All of the food was delicious and our waiter was very friendly and helpful. I also had the 'Fate' cocktail which I would recommend to all those who enjoy sweet, girly drinks as much as I do. A bit pricey but fun for a special occasion,  I would return without a doubt.Beautiful decor friendly staff and amazing food. The fried oysters with foie gras and scallion pancakes with short ribs were 2 of my favorites out of many. Will definitely be going back ASAP!Very spacious restaurant with lots of frills yet fails to serve nice food! The ambiance was nice with half-naked hostesses welcoming you into the restaurant. I had a cocktail which I found really nice. For entree, I ordered a whole fish because I wanted to have healthy food for dinner but contrary to my expectation, the fish was deep-fried and bended like a huge bangle. If you like spacious, I mean spacious, dining experience, this place is good but I would spend my money somewhere else for great food. It is shame because I loved the cocktail.Buddakan is sexy...so very very sexy. Buddakan is located on the upper edge of meatpacking on 9th avenue in a seriously inconspicuous building. Walk inside through the doors of the unimpressive structure and completely get transported to a different world. Stylish, trendy, cool, chic; name it, Buddakan is it. Music is played at a very reasonable level so conversation can still be kept but the tone and mood are still right. what really differentiates Buddakan for me though is the friendly service. Its hard to find a friendly face in meatpacking on the weekend, so the great service and smiling faces are a welcome change. The Asian fusion food is really well presented and never disappoints. Another obvious plus is that the main dining room and table were features in Sex and the City, so its always fun to take a fan of the series and the movies here for the first time. Always a good time, always good food and drinks. Come here on any occasion.It was about time to see what all the fuss is about. I've always liked the whole discrete entrance idea when it comes to unique establishments so I immediately apprecicated the subtlety of the door tucked away just off the corner of 16th St and 9th Ave. We were greeted at a formal counter seperated from the rest of the space, a slightly different concept than your usual restaurant podium. After checking our coats we were escorted to a beautiful corner table in the grand baroque room overlooking the central dining area which was simply spectacular! Buddakan is like many different worlds in one. There are several rooms and spaces of different colors, design and themes that all surround the main dining room made up of high ceilings and gorgeously ornate wooden walls. This week I decided to take an easier approach to ordering from the menu. We faithfully placed everything in our waiter's hands and asked him to select the best Buddakan's cuisine had to offer. Luckily we didn't have any dietary needs which made for a vast selection of options and here is what we got: Shrimp Dumplings filled with Egg Drop Broth, Scallions and Bamboo Shoots, this appetizer was incredible. The broth was like a tasty soup hiding inside the dumpling filled with rich flavor. My second favorite appetizer was the Tuna Spring Rolls with Crisp Shallots and Chili Mayonnaise, they were delicious. The entree that I enjoyed the most was the Charred Fillet of Beef with Wanton Potatoes and Mustard Sauce. The meat was excellent and the sauce made it almost taste like candy. Overall I was definitely satisfied with my experience at Buddakan. Our server was charming and as I said before, the space was like a colorful and lounge- like maze. Although the best part was seeing Hiro Nakamura there, one of my favorite characters from the television hit, 'Heroes', almost better than dessert.Cool vibe - good food....as good as the other hi-end asian fusion places in NYC. certainly suggest trying it.This place was amazing!  The food was beyond delicious and the staff were the nicest people I have ever met, from the person that I spoke to on the phone to confirm my reservation to the hostess to our server.  I am really sad we didnt get to try dessert because I wasnt feeling well.  Will definitely be coming back the next time I am in the city.What a great place. Just loved the atmosphere. It was a perfect place to bring my friend to on her first NY visit. Each dish was better than the last. We tried the edamame dumplings, spicy pork dumplings, short rib appetizer, and soft shelled crab dinner. We shared it all and has some sake as well. I will definitely try to come back next time I am in NY.I love this place. Out of the upscale/trendy restaurants, this is probably one of my favorites spots. I've been to other places and spent the same $ but have not been as satisfied, either due food being nothing special or service not being super great. Here at Buddakan you get your money's worth every time. The ambiance is great, very trendy/posh, great decor, grand almost as you enter the main dining area. The service has always been excellent....and the food....phenomenal! Every bite ....deeeeelicious! We've had a New Year dinner here once a few years ago with a large group, brought several out of town friends here, and come for drinks with smaller groups of friends & birthday dinners etc. The experience has been great every time. Spot on! Cocktails are great, and even if you have reservations, chances are you will need to wait for a bit before getting your table, so definitely enjoy a drink by the bar & people watch. Great crowd, although due to its ever increasing popularity I do feel it has become a bit more touristy over the last couple of years. But hey, as long as those out-of-towners are spending money & supporting the NYC economy, why complain right? I love their spicy rock shrimp. Have had a variety of their streaks over my several trips & every time it has been cooked to perfection. Your bill can typically run anywhere between $60-$120 per person, depending on how many courses & drinks you order. Good date spot too as despite being a very large space, it has a very intimate feel to it. Ok.....so now I am really craving the food.....I think it's time for a trip back soon!this place is beautiful!!! and very VERY big. i mean, it could probably feed a whole army and then some. i had a reservation around 6, and since it was on the early side, it wasnt as crowded as by the time we left. I had a beautiful seat at the library room. its chinese food with japanese and some french influences here and there. i absolutely adored the edamame dumplings wich was just a burst of delicious in my mouth. i thought the food could have been better though. it didnt blow my mind. (i agree with Chris L. on this part) i was blessed with a wonderful server, and she was very attentive. i really loved my cocktail Serenity...it was very delicious. on the end note, deffinetlly give it a try. the place it self will blow you away, but some of the dishes are not worth what they're charging.Had a fabulous dinner (after a rocky start in the bar area) over memorial day weekend. We arrived on time for our reservation and were told our table wouldn't be ready for a bit and to grab a drink in the bar. About 30 seconds after puttting in our drink orders, the hostess came to find us and show us to our table. We notified her that we had ordered drinks and asked for them to just be brought to our table. I don't know if this is some weird policy or something but they refused to allow it. We sat there for about 10 minutes with a hostess (awkwardly) standing there on top of us before they brought our drinks. We then had to wait for them to run the credit cards, as they refused to add it to our dinner check. The whole ordeal lasted about 15 minutes and was unnecessarily frustrating. It really started what we hoped to be a nice night out on the wrong foot. Luckily, the food lived up to the hype so the evening was redeemed. We ordered the edamame dumplings, calamari salad, boneless spare ribs, tuna tartar spring rolls, beef lettuce cups and the filet. The edamame dumpling were incredible!! They didn't even taste like edamame to me-  more like truffle mashed potatoes. I wish I had just ordered a bunch of these as my meal! The boneless spare ribs definitely surpassed my expectations, kind of like an upscale pulled pork. The calamari salad was what I was really looking forward to (I LOVE it at other stephen starr restaurants) but unfortunately it was a little diappointing. It was still good, just not as good as the one at continental in Philadelphia. I really wanted to like the tuna tartar spring rolls, but they were the disappointment of the night. They're really the only thing I wouldn't order again.  The lettuce cups and filet were both good too, but nothing you can't get elsewhere. Great for a date night or fun night out with the girls. The restaurant is beautiful and the service (once you're out of the bar area) is top notch!So good everytime. Steamed pork buns must. Boyfriend gets the pepper beef everytime. Filet mignon so tender. Perfect for couples or groups. Appetizers or full meals. So good!By far the most incompetent management in the city this evening. The wait to pick up one's checked coat was over 20 minutes. The line was probably 70 people deep. And after the wait, having handed them my ticket, they had no record of my coat. They needed a lengthy description and another 5 minutes scouring their closet. And at the end, not even an apology. As a former regular, I won't be returning regardless of the need to check a coat.I have been here several times for happy hour, romantic dinner, large party and Buddakan never disappoints.  Great food and (almost always) good service.  My favorite room is the library with the gold books.  I have never seen anyone trip on the stairs although that would be a sight.  Recommendation - order the whole fried fish... I don't even like fish and it was AWESOME.  One complaint - coat check almost lost my sherling, but it was recovered.Stopped by during a trip I took to New York. The outside looks like the entrance to a Rave. It didn't help that I was using Apple Maps either. Took a while to find. The environment was pretty formal. I wasn't dressed properly, and I got some stares for it. The food was excellent, I had the ginger crusted lamb as well as the coconut rice, and  sweet, spicy crab legs, as well as their chocolate desserts. It's been a while so the exact names have slipped my mind. I definitely recommend this place. Expect to pay upwards of $100 for two.This place is fantastic.  We were seated within 10 minutes on a Saturday night, even though we were extraordinarily late for our reservation.  The "reflection" cocktail is really juicy without being cloying and the food was exceptional.  We had the hoisin pork belly buns, Singapore chili crab and sizzling short ribs.  The flavors were perfectly balanced and I was very impressed by the service.  Also, the style of this place is exceptional-- I would come back just for the ambience.This place is amazing. Service is hit and miss, but the food is ALWAYS spot on! I'm not so into the edamame dumplings, but was glad I tried them. The duck rolls are worth a trip in themselves. They serve family style, so it's nice and fun to be able to try more things. It does get loud and crowded the later you are there. The desserts are absolutely fantastic. I like to order a ton of dim sum and appetizers as they're the best. The vegetables are good sides. Prices are pretty reasonable too.place was dope. eat hereWe are huge fans of Spice Market.  Thought we would try this place - it was recommended.   We had reservations and arrived on time.  Of course, they direct you to the higher profit bar area to sit for half an hour first so that you buy their expensive drinks while you wait, even though there are plenty of open tables.   They eventually lead us downstairs and through a dark maze to a dark table (the main dining room is lovely with huge candles).  While I loved the artwork, the room was so dark that you couldn't read the menu without your cell phone light.  It felt a little like a dungeon.  We asked to be moved- which seemed to fluster the beautiful staff but they did accommodate. There were so many dishes that sounded unique and tantalizing that it took us a bit to order.  Our waitress was really more in her own head than into her job.  She did not listen, she did not fill my water, and she was not attentive at all.  We had to grab another waitress to order a bottle of wine after waiting for her to return for 15 minutes (btw,  wine list is a little pricey).  She did actually attempt a smile and some light banter when delivering the check...Food - some really tasty and some only ok.  I agree with the other person who posted about the temperature issues of the dishes.  We had the Peking Duck Salad which I enjoyed but my husband would have preferred sliced duck breast.  We had the Sea Bass Rolls - which were great in concept, and would have been amazing had they been served hot.   We had the Crab Pot which was delicious though overpriced for the small amount of crab and you have to shell the crab yourself which is messy because it is soaking in a thick bisque-like soup.    The waitress told us that would not be enough food for us that the dishes were "single serving".  She convinced us to order another dish....which we did and did not touch.  While I like the creativity concept on the dishes - the food temperature issues, the overpriced wines, the lousy service and overall demeanor of the place was not a hit with me.  I will not be returning here.I decided to take a friend here for his 30th birthday to celebrate, I made reservations surprisingly it had a really good crowd for a Monday evening. We were seated quickly, and given ample time to look over the menu. We ordered the scalion pancakes  for an appetizer which were a tad salty and greasy. The drinks were cute however none of the signature cocktails were strong, more so sweet and danty. When it cametime to order the main course I decided to order chicken as the last time I dined there I ordered from the seafood menu and was disappointed in the portions of the food. I ordered the the Broken Chili chicken $22, lobster fried rice $16, which we shared the rice. The chicken was a bit salty and not spicy at all for something with chili in the name.  Needless to say 1. I was diappointed in the portion of the food for the money they charge one piece of chicken is not sufficient the rice bowl was no where near full. My friend decided to go with something from the meat portion of the menu the sizzling short rib $26 which was tastey and I would say a sufficient portion. Dessert was good and a sweet ending with Happy Birthday written on the plate and a candle. The overall ambiance of the restaurant is very nice. However they need to up the game on their food portions VERY disappointing for such a well known 5 star restaurant.multiple failed dates here, but like this place a lot. great decor. "asian fusion" fare that isn't so bad.In the past few months I started making my reservations for this place on opentable and they told me we see this is your 18 visit here, welcome back. I don't know why 18 was the magic number but they treated me like true VIP. I have been to this place maybe 100 times my friends and I love it. The manager there is super sweet and kept our glass of champagne full way after I paid the check because of my 18th visit. I love the food here, the edamame dumplings are to die for. I love that the food comes out when it's ready and since I'm usually starving I can't wait for the food to come. My friends and I usually order a bunch of appetizers to share, and since everything comes out when it's ready it makes it easy to start eating right away and know if you are still hungry it's ok to order more. The place is gorgeous and huge. The check usually comes out to the lower end of $100 for two people and I ordere whatever I want plus some drinks. I think it's a great deal and will definitely be visiting another 18 times.I crave this place every time I come to NYC! The food is to die for and the drinks for NYC are pretty well priced around 12 dollars and the steak has been one of the best steaks I have ever had. There is nothing bad about this place that I can think of good food and good drinks what more can you ask for! Plus it's we're they filmed sex and the city.I have been at the Buddakan in Philadelphia but always wanted to check out the one in New York City. The outside is SO deceiving. You will miss the restaurant unless someone has previously explained the entrance/building to you. Once you go past the bar, you will see the real Buddakan of NYC!!! Amazing ambiance coupled with succulent dishes separates this restaurant from all other Chinese restaurants. We had some noodles dishes, crab dish, and the spicy fish, and they were all delicious. The dumplings are good too, try the carrot dumplings just for the way they are presented. Happy eating!!!Could Buddakan be the best Asian fusion restaurant in NYC? I, for one, would not be scandalized if somebody suggested that was the case - it's that good. After having some excellent drinks at the bar while waiting for our table (mezcal jalapeno), we were ready to enjoy some serious food at 10:30pm. One of our team members was vegetarian, so we ordered edamame dumplings, carrot dumplings, and the 2 vegetarian tofu dishes. Add on top of that the lobster spring rolls, the glazed pork belly, the filet, the soft shell tempura crab and a noodle soup. The result is bliss. Everything was excellent, but the edamame dumplings (mashed with truffle undertones), the soft shell tempura crab (crispy delish), the glazed pork belly (mouth-wateringly fatty scrumptious), and the filet (usa that mustard-mayo sauce) were just over the top amazing. Excellent wine list too, though on the expensive side. Service could not be faulted. And the ambiance has just the right amount of pre-party vibe leading up to a crazy night in the MePa. Bring adventurous out-of-towners to impress.Everything here is amazing. The food, drinks and service were stupendous. I recommend the edamame dumplings which were to die for.Food was decent but spent 30 minutes getting my coat at coat check. They had 1 person working and about 30 people trying to get their coats. Bad way to run a businessThree stars and only because I am in a generous Holiday cheer mood, mind you. Maybe it's me, but bring a lighted XMAS tree ornament to light the way here if you want to get some identification of what perhaps you might be injesting and I don't say this in jest. And why? Because if you had a blindfold you would not readily identify, most certainly from the most discerning palatte exactly what it is you are eating. Everthing kind of tasted the same because nothing stood out. Well, actually the size of the scallops did, they were huge but honestly so bland and chewy. And that price tag, gee whiz if you are gonna charge an arm and leg then make it something really memorable. Since it was my Birthday, and yep whose counting? Certainly not moi, we wanted to go to some special place. Well, if only the food were as good as the company. But alas, not so. And you really need to wave something, maybe a white flag to surrender to find the waiter since they all seem to be bustling by at  fever pitch speed. The Rock Shrimp Tempura was okay, had better at Sapporo Sushi on the Landfill, okay, no offense to the "natives" but that's Staten Island, and I must say, they do great sushi in the borough. Just get a clothespin to hold your nose. No, I am kidding, last time I checked they closed the dump or did they? I digress, back to the food which I almost forgot what  we ordered, mea culpa for the late in the day review. Go if you must, but keep your expectations low. We did not drink, hey maybe that was the problem.Really touristy place BUT the food was amazing.my favorite restaurant in nyc! just dined over the weekend, the service was awesome! the food is always delicious and the decor is obviously gorgeous!this place is filled with B&T crowd, which is fine if the food was worth it and all but it's not. it's not bad, but it's not "wow, great" either. portions are tiny (ordered like 6 apps and 3 entrees for only 2 ppl) but still was hungry. this place is more for ambience and the b&t party scene (young and old) a lot of big hair with hairspray and too much perfume and cologne types.Attentive reception. Impressive decor. On-time seating. And the food ... it was a party in my mouth. An explosion of flavor. Great dining experience!This was quite possibly the best meal I have ever had in my entire life.  My friend and I went here on Valentine's Day and the ONLY disappointing thing was that even though we had made reservations, we ended up having to wait 30 minutes...BUT it was totally worth it!  I had the drink called "Charm" which was GREAT but tasted a little like cough medicine.  For appetizers we had the General Tso's Dumplings which were SOOOO good and then we also had the Chili Rock Shrimp which was delicious (kinda like Bang Bang Shrimp from Bonefish Grill).  For dinner my friend ordered the Lamb Chops and I ordered the Kung Pao Monkfish.  I have never had a better entree in my entire life out of ALL the restaurants I have been to!  The fish was cooked perfectly, the amount of sauce was perfect, the amount of spice was perfect, there is just no other word besides perfect!!  We also ordered a side of the Twice Cooked Long Beans which we both polished off.  For dessert they had a special of a flourless chocolate cake with a scoop of vanilla ice cream with an orange glaze.  I will be coming back to this restaurant every time I visit NYC!  And the fact that Carrie's rehearsal dinner from the Sex & the City movie was filmed here is just icing on top of the cake :)If u didn't like it - then maybe u don't get it- I luv it! Sure- it was Fashion Week & the lounge was packed (on a Tuesday nite) and it was wall to wall beautiful people speaking a plethora of international languages but it was still fabulous- people watching was at it's optimum (OH the shoes!)! Its gorgeous inside- dark Asian/old world Oriental w strong Colonial Western architectural flavor. The view above the communal long dining table beneath the ornate chandelier/candelabra is stunning. The service (despite the crowds) was excellent. We had a variety of cocktails/small plates which were excellent in presentation, flavor & quality: Tuna Tartare Spring Rolls, Boneless Spare Ribs, Lobster Egg Rolls, & Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly (friends said was "ridiculous"). Cocktails: Fever (spicy - my fave), Charm (sweeter than anticipated) & Lush. A great place to bring out of town friends for a WOW factor.After all the hype I had heard about Buddakan I have to say I was disappointed after my first visit to this restaurant.  The decor was the best part about the whole experience.  We had made reservations in advance and showed up on time.  We were promptly seated at a wonderful table and the ambiance was lovely.  We ordered a few drinks which were tasty and creative.  We were determined to try as many dishes as we could and ordered a variety of appetizers.  The Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly was the best dish we had.  We also ordered a variety of main dishes and they were underwhelming as well.  Nothing really stood out for us and I have to the say the Chinese Sausage Fried Rice was the best tasting dish we had.  Although the menu was creative the flavors were not what we expected.  I was expecting for that WOW moment and it never came.  The service was great but the food was no where near what we expect from such a high praised establishment.  I had my Buddakan experience and unfortunately it probably will be my last.eh? good place to take out-of-towners but would I go there again on my own? nope. the place is beautiful, the food was alright but it doesn't merit the price. I would have paid no more than 20 dollars per entree. the food wasn't innovative it was just your regular mushu pork that you pay double for "to see and be seen." my parents loved it.We had a reservation here at 10 PM on a thu night. We arrived on time but they were running behind so we were forced to wait for a bit which did not help the cause since we were super hungry ... The place is loud and noisy ... it almost had a tao like feel... we were beginning to lose patience but luckily a table opened up and we were finally seated .. what followed thereafter in terms of service was pathetic. First off our server did not stop by to take our order despite reminding the staff to send someone over .. finally when they did we felt rushed to place our order .. we ordered the edamame dumplings and jade shrimp for appetizers .. i did not get to taste the edamame dumplings but the reactions on the faces did not seem very promising .. We ordered the kung pao monkfish(2 *) , crab sticky rice (2 *) and the silken tofu (1 *) with the vegetable fried rice with coconut curry foam (1 *) .. worst part was that the kitchen forgot about our ticket and we were served 45 minutes later which was frustrating to say the least ... the dessert (almond bread pudding) was the saving grace though ... I am really unsure how this place is so popular .. the food is meh ... service sucks .. the real test of character is how the service scales with the number of customers and unfortunately buddakan fell flat on that front .. the hype definitely did not live upto it's promise worse yet the restaurant staff did not even have the courtesy to make up for the delay in serving our food ... we left the place without paying any tip .. it was that disgusting an experience with the service offered to us ...decent food, but not worth the price. if you want a light meal that is pricey, check this place out. its more for the ambiance and mood. good place to go before going out.Love this place!! Went on a sat feb18 and had a great dinner. We walked in about ten mins early and checked our coats and were promptly seated. I love the menu here they have alot of interesting choices. They serve it family style in that whatever dishes you order they just keep bringing them out. We ordered three apps to try. Boneless spareribs first were great. We next had edamame dumplings that were very nice also had chili rock shrimp and they were very good as well. They cleared the table and reset for entrees. We ordered filet of beef which is prob one of the most conservative items on the menu(wifes choice i would never order that here). The filet of beef was done very nicely and was very good. I ordered the kung pao monkfish which was fantastic and i cant wait to have it again. We also ordered the minced pork lo mein. It had pickled cucumbers in it and we loved it. Cant wait to get that lo mein again too. For dessert we had the bread pudding thats comes with whisky ice cream it was very nice. We also had an espresso and a latte that were very good. The service was very good and pleasant and the food was excellent. The restaurant is dimley lit and grand. The main room is an incredible space for sure. Cant wait to go back love it.We had a terrific meal at Buddakan tonight.  We took the recommendation from other yelpers and started off with the chili rock shrimp and edamame dumplings - the two paired well together - the shrimp were slightly spicy and so fresh.  Eating the edamame dumplings afterwards helped ease the heat.  I usually eat edamame out of the pods so this was a nice alternative - the edamame in the steamed dumplings were creamy yet so fresh...I haven't had anything quite like them before. For our meal, we had the pepper beef and broken chili chicken - both were tasty - the chicken was a whole breast sliced delicately with a Thai basil/pepper rub - another unique dish.  We also enjoyed the vegetable rice with  coconut curry foam - the foam is separated from the rice when presented - the curry is not overwhelming - this is an excellent accompaniment to the main dish.  The snap peas were also delicious.  I wasn't that crazy about my cocktail - reflection which included pineapple and rum - I thought it would be slightly sweeter than it was - it wasn't sweet.  My friend got the charm cocktail which includes passion fruit liqueur, berries, apples, and prosecco - that tasted better - the berries were the dominant flavor in that drink.  Service was great.  Atmosphere reminded me of Tao but a little less noisy and without the giant Buddha.What a Zoo....bit of a joke but hey why knock success at near $20 Mil in sales.  We waited for a table in the bar where I got to see quite a few dishes.  Most looked Americanized and cloying in sweet spicy sauces...and cocktails were passable, certainly no real mixology here.  We ordered three app's and only one passable was the lobster-crab dumpling which was served with the omnipresent Samal Olek chili sauce (I think straight out of the original plastic tubs)...the boneless ribs way to sweet and only had a smidgen of Douban bean sauce...the painting of mustard on the white side of the plate was comical.  The other app, the scallion pancakes with shredded dark mystery meat (beef) was soooo salty we sent it back.  The mains were not much better...Kungpao Monkfish was lukewarm where as the long beans were cold!  The Mao Pao (funny-spelling) tofu was passable but misses the real numbing heat of the green peppercorns (missing).  Service was excellent as server was friendly and accommodating.  He added a Star to this rating.  The atmosphere is a knockoff of the original Buddha Bar (Paris) and mesh-mash of other Asian venues but generally appeals to a mid-Americain NYC wow visitor.  America needs the real deal....someone please open a real Asian/Chinese bistro cum club if you will.Amazing food, great ambiance and service. Cant wait to return to NYC and eat here again!!!the food is delicious, but pricey! very posh and trendy.Great ambience, beautiful decor.. definitely the stushest restaurant I've been to in Manhattan. No idea of prices, I didn't pay. Went with friends twice, great service (they even hold your small bags/luggage for you). All dishes are well-presented. When I asked a dude nearby where Buddakan is located, he was like.. just down the street, and make sure you bring back food for me : )A few nights ago a few friends and I went to Buddakan which is located in the meatpacking district of Manhattan. From the outside, you'd never notice it nor think its Buddakan. Its a very small black building with a tiny sign which reads 'Buddakan' and situated next to a large building (the building number is 202 so if you're going that helps a lot in locating it). Reservations are a must as any walk-ins after 6:30 are most likely going to have a wait time longer than 30 minutes. But trust me 30 minutes in Buddakan are a well spent 30 minutes. Upon arrival the staff greets you at the front desk. You are offered to wait in the lounge/bar area till you are seated. The bar has a different feel than the bar at Tao as its less noisy and has less of a club atmosphere and more of a lounge atmosphere. If you have a little bit of downtime be sure to look at the entire restaurant. There is the main dinning room which consists of immensely high ceilings and extravagant chandeliers, oh and I can't leave out the giant communal table which can seat up to 30 people. But that's not the only dinning room, there are two more. One is more quiet and good for going for a more casual dinner as you do have a bit more privacy than in the main dining room. Then next to it there is the library room which consists of a bar and lounge area and of course tables to eat at. The entire restaurant is gorgeous. My favorite room is the main dinning room and the library but each room has something to bring to this "super restaurant". But not only is the decor incredible, so is the food. Buddakan serves Pan-Asian cuisine which is everything from Beijing to Bangkok and more. The dishes are served family style (meaning which ever dish is ready first is served and not everything comes out at the same time) and your portions are based on your party size, so this is a perfect place if you're into ordering a mix of everything and sharing it. The food is phenomenal and definitely makes it worth the price, though price wise, its not as expensive as one may think. Its around $45 a person with an appetizer and entree (well that's not including drinks). All and all I'm glad we checked out this superb restaurant and I will definitely be returning in the future!Go with a group and be prepared to spend at least 100-150 a head. Be sure to order the edamame dumplings and the lamb. So delicious.A solid pick every time. I have come here dozens of times for 1) large grps, 2) client events, 3) dates when i was single, and 4) out of town guests.  This place has it all...great ambience, good food (and i dont generally like fusion), great beverages, lots of space...one downfall is still hard to get resos.Talk about one of those truely unique kind of restaurants. The design of this place is just awesome. When we first arrived I was a little disappointed to find out we still had to wait 30min for our table despite having reservations for 11:00pm!! But I quickly forgot about the delay as soon as I ordered my martini at the bar area...I had the Lush which was amazing!!! So finally we got seated but again had to wait quite some time before our waitor came to greet us. For apps were ordered the tuna tartare, the jade shrimp dumplings, and the yellowtail yu sheng. The tuna tartare was by far my favorite, you absolutely must try it. Just a warning though all the apps are teeny tiny, so definitely order more than one! For my meal I had the black pepper beef, which was good but not nearly as good as the appetizers. We also shared the lobster fried rice...do yourself a favor and order the lobster fried rice, its the best! The only reason I did not give this place the full 5 stars is because our waitor seemed grouchy. If I am paying this much for a dinner the least you can do is fake a smile!5 ladies went for my friend's birthday dinner.  They wont seat you until the entire party arrives but they have a great lounge area and as soon as your party arrives ( no matter how long they take) they accommodate you right away .. and with a smile.b  We checked our coats and they sat us at the communal table ( the sex and the city rehearsal dinner table)  At first we were like great this is going to suck but they space everyone out so you weren't sitting on top of each other.  Drinks were good. I have the charm and i really enjoyed it! We ordered to Bo Bo platter which has two of everything so its not filling if you just want to sample apps its great.  For the entrees we ordered the sizzling short rib, Broken chili chicken, Sweet and crispy jumbo shrimp, lobster fried rice, and vegetable rice with curry foam.  Everything was delish.  I know people say that Buddakan is a upscale PF changs but i would say that's like saying dos caminos or rosa mexicana is an upscale taco bell. Um....obviously because its in the same food genre it can be compared but honestly there is no comparison in the quality and ambiance and service. That's a silly comparison. There's not much fancier you can get with Asian food than places like buddakan.  Dessert was AMAZING.    We ordered the crying chocolate, almond bread pudding, and the clementine cloud... yummo! Overall it was a great experience and my friend thoroughly enjoyed her b-day dinner.I could come here every single day and enjoy a Tranquility (citrus vodka and lemongrass-infused oolong tea) and the tuna tartare spring rolls and be the happiest person alive.  Throw in the edamame dumplings (which are beyond anything the name could conjure up) and the lobster and shrimp chow fun and you could convince heaven exists and I am in it.  The menu is so extensive from drinks to dim sum to main dishes to dessert that you would be remiss to not try everything you could even though you have favorites that you crave the moment you leave your table.  the decor is stunning, from the Moorish cut out doorways and enormous vases that could have been cut from said doorways to the chandelier-draped dining room with the extremely high ceilings.  Our server was knowledgeable, sweet, and attentive as was the rest of the staff.  No sooner do you finish a dish than a suited gentleman who could be the secret service whisks away your plate to make room for the next course.  The sea bass roll was mild to the taste but I love that.  The broken chili chicken is not spicy but still lovely.  The snap peas and candy-crusted Mongolian lamb chops rounded out a fantasy birthday meal.  And the desserts, which I'm shocked we had room for, the Crying Chocolate and Almond Bread Pudding, I'm pretty sure only existed in my dreams until Saturday night.  The only question is, when I return can I break from my pattern of ordering what I already know I love to explore their other offerings...we shall see....high class 5 star food in a high class 5 star restaurant. great atmosphere, great service, great people. highly recommend this restaurant to everyone. dishes well worth the prices which are fair.Great food, service, and ambianceoops!....i think i found a new love...Anyone who has eaten at Buddakan knows that many of their dishes are spectacular, but what is even more impressive is their space. They've taken a virtually windowless 16,000 square foot environment and turned it into one of the most extraordinary interiors in the city. Dark, cavernous and hip with a splash of bridge-and-tunnel, a night at Buddakan is sure to impress whoever you're with. The only thing worth noting is that many of the portions are very small considering the high prices. But their peking duck is an exception to the rule - it was big and fantastic.Touristy? Maybe.  All I know is that friggin duck tastes damn good and you should go get some.  Also had the frogs legs which was a little short on meat (as in, only about 2 tablespoons) and the lobster egg rolls which were just delicious.  I did not find it extremely overpriced for a special night out.  I think the Veuve was just under a 100 bucks a bottle which is the norm.  Deserts were just OK.  I had the bread pudding which was a little dry.  Impressive ambiance.Wow. The decor in this place is amazing. The food was pretty good, but you are definitely going for the decor/atmosphere rather than the food. I don't know why people are all about the edamame dumplings, they were kind of weird.My wife was not as impressed as I was, but I thought the food was amazing.  That being said, holy hit was it pricey.  A pal told me it was pricey before I got there, but spending this much money... it was more than Morimoto (and he's an Iron Chef).  Then again, I did like the food here even more.  Friendly polite staff.  Nothing snobby.  Beautiful decor.  Good saketinis (my Asian food drink of choice).  Had a bunch of food.  First the lobster egg rolls (very good) and the General tso's dumplings.  These were good but probably not worth the price as they were good soup dumplings you could get anywhere in Chinatown.  The scallion pancakes with short rib were good, but also would probably not order again, only because short rib always overpowers everything else - it tastes like a Jewish brisket and I can make it just as good at home.  The chilli rock shrimp on the other hand were fantastic.   Nice bit of spice to an otherwise common appetizer, so it set it apart.  Finished with the broken chili chicken which was delicious.  Make sure to really rub it in the sauce.  And also the lobster fried rice which is stupendous.  All in all a fantastic meal, but once again, unless you're really rich, you're gonna need to save your pennies.  This is the kind of place that the main character and his buddies in "American Psycho" would be dying to go to.Came here for my birthday last month. I've only been to Buddakan in AC, so didn't really know what to expect since the menu is different. I was fiending for the edamame dumplings (though it is edamame ravioli in AC) and the crispy calamari salad. We ordered those two items for appetizers, Alaskan cod and rock shrimp for entrees. Needless to say the portions were tiny. Portions in AC are huge btw. We were very happy with the appetizers. They were close to AC, but AC does it better. In AC not only is the portion bigger, there's crispy calamari in almost every bite of salad. Here the calamari was only half crispy and scarce. I prefer the edamame ravioli over the dumplings. Nonetheless still good to feed the craving till I get back to AC. The entrees were good. My cod wasn't really special. Like the sea bass in AC way better. Dessert I got the crying chocolate, and fiancee got something with panna cotta. Both were great. Loved the jasmine ice cream. If you've never been to AC, this would be better. But AC really is better than here. Not to mention they do have lychee martini which is the best drink ever!Had à great dinner at Buddakan. Impressive for à fairly large and hyped restaurant to deliver on food, drinks and service. Had à couple of cocktails before dinner, ordered 7 or 8 dishes and were happy with everything. Maybe not "genuine" but à fun and great place to have dinnerThe place was great. The atmosphere was nice and extravagant yet homey. The food was great. Me and my girlfriend especially liked the pork buns. I can't wait to go back.Went for a birthday party and wanted to hate it a little because the crowd wasn't my style but I have to say that the food was so good that I didn't care about the crowd. Waiters took care of our party of 12 no problem. We got the 3rd tasting menu and literally everything on it was spectacular. Expensive but oh so good.I love this place, very special nice elite but a little cold.maybe I drunk a littleIt was fun.  In comparison to Tao, where I've been to quite a few times, I have to say I had more fun here.  The decor isn't so Pacific tacky as Tao is.  In fact, it's quite the opposite.  Pictures on the wall have nothing to do with Eastern culture at times and actually spark interesting conversation instead leaving you thinking you've stepped into a bland pot of coffee like the other place.  It's dark and frankly you can't see much around you past 20 feet, but there's still an expansive sense of warmth all around you.  If you can, get seated downstairs.  If you're stuck upstairs near the bar, you're gonna have only the view of the more open downstairs and the view of buzzed people waiting by the bar for their tables.  We had a large group, and while we had to wait a while despite reservations (about 30-45 minutes,) it was worth it (but not well worth it.)  The dinner was interesting, imaginative, and fun (that's the 2nd time I've said it.)  Our waiter was helpful and funny.   It's very expensive for similar (or even better) tasting food prepared at more authentic Asian food places, given the fact that you can't really change standards like spring rolls, potstickers, general tso's, steamed sole, etc, and they don't even have some of the highly sought after Chinese dishes not popular among casual Chinese food diners.  The one saving grace are the desserts, which aren't necessarily anywhere close to authentic for Chinese food, but are more western in inspiration.really outstanding restaurant, probably my favorite in nyc, great crowd, great atmosphere, very crowded, sometimes too crowded in the bar. try the edamame dumplings they are unreal. beef bao buns are very good, black cod is outstanding. have tried most things on the menu and really havnt had anything i disliked, but, obviously some are better than others. highly reccomendI love Buddakan!  It was also recommended by a friend prior to our arrival in Manhattan. We arrived at 5:30 at Buddakan and we were seated immediately. The pace of service throughout the meal put us at perfect timing to make the Performance of "Wicked" that evening on Broadway.  Buddakan's ambiance is comfortable, softly lit with quite elegance. The service was INCREDIBLE!  We turned our menu selections over to the waiter's recommendation and he did not disappoint. Every bite was amazing.  Also, try a drink (or 2) called "Fate" when you are there...yum!  The only issue...it's a bit hard to find.  Dark building, on the dark corner with etched black signage on the black granite wall.  The cab driver was not familiar with...so be prepared to do some squinting and asking at the corner of 9th Ave and 16th (as I recall)...it's well worth the extra effort!  I would highly recommend reservations at least a month in advance...YUM!Surprise that the food is beyond my expectation in addition to its authentic Chinese dish flavor with amazing twist of unexpected ingredients! Will return for it's decor and food!!Beautiful and hip as stated below.  The filet was phenomenal, but I found the rest of the food just good.  (We also had edamame dumplings, lobster/shrimp chow fun, and chocolate dessert)Food was surprisingly food. They really do Asian fusion very well.Been here twice. Loved the fact that from the outside, it looks like a corner of a brick building.  Inside?! WOW! Decor and ambience? Two thumbs way up! Spacious and large! Great presentation as well! They can host a wedding rehearsal dinner party (i.e. Sex and the city!) or a quiet dinner for two like myself!  The only thing we really didn't like was that the tables are pretty close together downstairs; you can hear other ppl's conversations.  But the food is delicious and the drinks original and light! We love this place!Was expecting trendy joint with cute food, but surprised to enjoy a truly exceptional, indeed spectacular meal -- as good as any in the City! The scallion pancakes and jade shrimp dumplings were a great combo to start, and the soft shell crab and chicken a fabulous pairing for entrees, with vegetable stir fry and a rice side.  Truth be told, the coffee was average and carrot cake dessert nothing special, but that still didn't diminish the wonderful meal up till then, and the service couldn't have been better!Everything we ate here was great!  What a nice change of pace. Just make sure you make a reservation well in advance if going on a weekend.Great service, great food, great decor, small but good wine list, excellent value , perfect if you don't mind the club atmosphere and the noise. I highly recommend it.Was there just before new years (9pm). Fancy place. Fortunately, no outside waiting. The place is huge. Gorgeous main dining hall. We didn't really order anything besides drinks, which we got for free because we had a hook up in the joint. Some guy who was watching the entrance to the VIP lounge was a total douchebag (even when we were allowed to go down there). Not really my kinda place honestly.very romantic interior with creative food presentation and the best peking duck in the city!The reservations staff are complete idiots -- lost reservations, refusing to give us anything except 5pm or 11pm even a month in advance, calling me every wk to confirm my reservation or to ask me to change # of people or time. Seriously. Annoying. I almost cancelled because of this, but once we got there, the interior was really amazing. Our server was great (I don't often say that). The drinks were amazing -- really flavorful and just downright tasty. The food is good, but nothing to write home about. However, we spent $75 each for 2 drinks and several courses + dessert -- which we thought was reasonable for a nice place in NY. And, we were stuffed too. So, don't go expecting exceptional food, but the scene is worth it. (Oh, and there were MANY open tables at 8pm/9pm when we finally left. Don't let them B.S. you in to thinking they are oh-so-busy. I was really annoyed that I had to eat at 6pm with families and kids at the next table  when there were plenty of open tables later in the evening).Update: I don't mean to be rude, but parents, can I just reiterate the summary at the top of Buddakan's page that says "Good For Kids: NO".  Do not bring your kids to this place!!!First time here and will be back!!  The ambiance is incredible!  The food even better.  The service was friendly and good.  I was blown away by this place!!!!  I woke up the next morning totally craving the food. This is a MUST do in NYC!I went last night for my Best Friend Birthday and let me tell you, this place is awesome!!  Very trendy place with a beautiful decor that you will fall in love!!  Great place to go with your other half or a date that you're really into of course!!  Dim lighting, however, there is light over you and a candle votive on each table so you do see what you're eating!!  Lol!!  When you walk down the stairs to the main dining area, you will fall in love again!!  The decor is incredible and the food is spectacular!!  Great taste!!  I'll tell you what we had....Edamame Dumplings (steamed), General Tso's Dumpling, Dungeness Crab Sticky Rice, Spice Tofu and Cashews, my best friend had the Glazed Alaskan Black Cod and I had the Sweet and Crispy Jumbo Shrimp.  For dessert, since it was my best friend's Birthday I requested for him the Crying Chocolate.  The waiter placed a candle and they wrote on the plate with chocolate script handwriting "Happy Birthday."  That was really nice.  I will be posting pics pretty soon!!  I had the Warm Coconut Custard Cake.  I have no complaints.  Decor, Food and Service was amazing!!love the edamame dumplings & branzino.I have been here a few times and everytime has been a great experience. The cocktail "fate" is amazing. It comes "up" but I always order it on the rocks and I often crave it! I also ALWAYS order the edamame dumplings. They are the most delicious thing on the menu that I've had so far. All of the food is very good... some of the main courses on the tasting menu are just ok (chicken dishes) but overall I am a fan!Went last night and have to say, we were blown away.  The cocktails were over-the-top delicious, and the food was fantastic.  The atmosphere was a blast and from the moment we walked in, we were smiling and laughing non-stop.  The wait-staff was so attentive and prepared to answer any and all questions about the menu.  Some of the appetizers are quite small, but some of the entrees are downright enormous.  There were just three of us at the table but we managed to order enough food to swamp the entire table, and even before dessert we were ready to burst.  Must-tries:  edamame dumplings and the tuna tartare springrolls; the peking duck was awesome, as was the black pepper beef and OH!  the lamb chops.  I have boycotted lamb my entire life out of guilt for eating something so cuddly and cute, but I finally caved last night and I nearly forgot the adorable sheep.  As for side-dishes, we enjoyed the rice with coconut curry foam.   Drinks we ordered:  Tranquillity, Charm, Fate, Lush (and wound up getting multiple of each, they were that good).   The Crying Chocolate was a great dessert...served with Jasmine ice cream, so great.Maybe we lucked out and avoided some of the more "meh" menu items but I have to give credit where credit is due and this place left nothing but a good taste.  Will be back.Smart, sexy, Asian food in a setting to match.  Portions are small so it's easy to order (spend) a lot but that's probably the best way to plan on approaching this place since it's all about experiencing an array of flavor combinations.  The side veggies (snap peas!) are a bit more filling and always impress me and the cocktails were good but a bit sweet.  And like the rest of the world, I'd eat those edamame dumplings any day of the week.came here for my birthday and even with reservations we still had to wait half an hour, but it was probably cus it was friday so it was no big deal. anyways for appetizers we had the chili rock shrimp and edamame dumplings which were both AMAZING.then for entree we had sizzling short rib, alaskan cod and the monkfish. they were all very flavorful and not bad but my only complaint is that it is wayyy too salty...for dessert we had the crying chocolate, bread pudding and sorbet all of which were very good. i especially loved the jasmine tea ice cream and bread pudding.kind of sad but the appetizers and desserts were wayyy better than the entreeswhen i first walked threw it was like enormous and it was like a mazed.there was some tables in the front and bar to wait to get seated. but we got a nice seating area,when we was ordering the food, the waiter suggested that we order more food cus the portions was very little and it was mega little. but delicious!! i wished the portions was more.Food, ambiance, service...This place is SICK. Go for the $65 tasting menu.Food was terrific but the noise level is unbearable. Went for Mother's day dinner as a treat from my daughter, but it was almost impossible to hear any conversation and we were in the back which is the quieter area! We did enjoy the food very much.I wasn't expecting the food to be spectacular since it's a huge restaurant with so many customers, but I was impressed. Everything tasted really delicious (much better food than Tao, another trendy Asian fusion restaurant). A lot of the appetizers and entrees can be shared too. The only bad thing was that even though we had a reservation we still had to wait a while, but we were a big party (I think about 16 of us) so it's understandable and I also wouldn't mind waiting again if it was for Buddakan!  The restaurant has a great, sexy ambiance too. Would definitely return.I dined with my friend on a Thursday night; we had a 6:30 reservation and we were seated immediately. This beautiful  restaurant has two levels, with many rooms. I had the Charm cocktail which was excellent. For the appetizers we ordered the Cantonese Spring Roll and the Tuna Spring Roll. Both items were outstanding. For the entrees we ordered the Charred Fillet of Beef (which was cooked to order) and the Hot and Sour Scallops. Both were excellent. For a side dish we ordered the Wok Noodles with Prawns. This was also outstanding. The desserts we ordered were excellent. We had the Almond Bread Pudding and the Chocolate Malted Tart. Both desserts included outstanding ice cream. The Coffee was also great. The service throughout the meal was incredible!As I embarked on my culinary journey through two major cities in the northeast, I decided to kick-off my adventure in a trendy, ultra-modern restaurant that I had first seen on the big screen. It was featured in the first full-length movie based on the popular television series about four single ladies who spent six seasons giving us insight into the dating scene in New York: Sex and the City. For those of you who are SATC fans, this is the restaurant where Carrie Bradshaw and Mr. Big had their glamorous wedding rehearsal dinner. After looking at the infinite number of items on the menu that looked appealing, we started with one of my all-time must-haves: the Deviled Tuna Tartare, with chili mayonnaise and scallions. While the pieces of tuna were very fresh, they lacked a bit of flavor. The ingredients were layered, not blended, taking away a bit from the potential of the dish. I enjoyed it, but it didn't stand out. We tried the Boneless Spare Ribs, which came with a bit of chinese mustard. Now we're talking. I really wouldn't have guessed this would be my prize winner, but it was. The ribs were tender and moist, and the glaze was delicious. My two favorites were the Sweet & Crispy Jumbo Shrimp and the Kung Pao Monkfish. And the dessert....well it blew my mind! For more information on Buddakan, and other restaurants, visit my page at adventuresofthefoodaholi….We were a group of 9 celebrating a birthday.  The place looks amazing.  We had previously asked for seating in the main hall but when we showed up we changed our mind and asked for a more private seating.  NO PROBLEM.  Our waiter, Josh, was a true professional.  He took great care of us.  The food was also amazing.  It was nothing like what we had expected.  We had four very fussy eaters but somehow managed to eat most everything and really enjoy the food.  In summary, the ambience was great, the service was excellent, the food was amazing.  We were there for almost four hours and had a blast.Great service and atmosphere. We ate like tapas style b/w 3 ppl. Delicious food but over priced. Partially b.c I don't like to spend loads of $$ on food but i wasn't paying so that's why i was there.Great spot to take out-of-town friends for a Manhattan/trendy dining experience without giving up on food quality.  My recommendation for a cost-effective group meal is to go family-style and focus ordering on the dim sum section to share, and then order a couple of entrees at the end.  My favorite dim sums are the edamame dumplings, general tso chicken dumplings, steamed seabass wrapped with bok choy, the pork belly buns, and the taro lollipops.  Favorite entree is the charred fillet-- it has a delicious and buttery garlic sauce.  Also worth getting the wild mushroom chow fun and the crab fried rice for the table.totally loved this restaurant.  when i visit ny again, this will be on my must list.  while waiting for our table we waiting in the bar area.  i even discovered a cocktail that was tasty and refreshing is called the saketini, it has cucumber vodka and sake.  it was delicious.  everything we ordered was amazing.  the flavors were very vibrant and kept me wanting more.  if my stomach and my pockets could endure it, i could've eaten forever.4 stars if you just go with the appetizers.  nice tuna tartar and scallion pancakes among other desserts I forget about since we were a party of 12.   The entrees were served cold for half of us.  Especially anyone ordering meat.  I mean you would think a place like this would know how to entertain large groups, right?  I think I enjoyed the AC location better and their mushroom dumplings which was missing here.pork dumplings and king crabs were deliciousdrinks could have been strongeratmosphere was great :)enjoyed my dinner here!absolutely fabulous food and cocktails!  The setting and the ambience is very elegant.  You must try the peking duck salad.  I am not a duck person but after this salad I have been craving it.!!!!!Decent food, trendy vibe, HORRIBLE service. Our waiter apparently did not understand how to work a credit card machine. Our party of 9, out to celebrate a bridal shower, had a total bill of $550, and the guy (Owen) actually tried to get away with charging us about $1200. When we called him out on it, he went back to supposedly "fix" it, and came back 30 minutes later with ANOTHER incorrect charge on our credit cards. So now, we're sitting here with two large debits, and he has yet to produce proof that either were reversed/voided. By this time, we've been trying to pay our bill for over an hour (he never even came back to pick up the check the first time... we had to track him down), so we get a manager involved. HE apparently knew how to work a computer and produced proper charges, but we STILL continued to sit around waiting on those void slips. All said & done, we didn't get out of there until more than 2 hours after we'd finished eating, management offered nothing to appease our obviously irritated group (other than to offer us each "A" drink), some members of our group were forced to leave without proof of the debit reversals, and the night had been ruined for our bride-to-be... we were all dressed up with no where to go at this point. Will NEVER return, and would NOT recommend to anyone. Forgot to mention that the waiter actually had the audacity to tell one of our friends (a doctor, mind you) to "behave." How DARE he?Ambiance is nice.  Drinks were good. Food was alright.  To me, it was overpriced Asian food.  Nothing really wowed me.  This is my review of the food that I ate a few years ago.  Maybe I should give it another fair shot and eat their again.The spareribs and lobster eggrolls. Best I ever tasted. Service the best. Just left from an early dinner with my wife and she fell in love with the placeAh-freakin-mazing! Food and service are top notch here. We ordered edmame dumplings, pork dumplings, pork spare ribs (to die for), beef short rib (die even more) fried rice, and twice cooked long bean. Holy cow best meal I've even eaten. Beautiful atmosphere. The service was excellent. Explained the menu perfectly. Would recommend and plan on returning soon!My boyfriend and I visited New York during Labor Day weekend and Buddakan was recommended by our hotel. We tried a little too late to get a dinner reservation on a Saturday night but decided to go there any ways. We immediately found a seat in the cocktail lounge and decided to eat dinner there. The food was AMAZING!!! I can honestly say I think that it was the best food I've ever had!! Neither of us could stop eating! I had the lamb chops while my boyfriend had the filet. We ordered the chinese sausage rice and green beans on the side. The only thing that was bit annoying was our waitress was pushy. She kept asking us if we wanted another drink when we still had at least half of our current drink left. It also took a while for her to bring our drinks once we ordered them. Regardless of the flaw with the waitstaff, I definitely recommend this place for the food. SOO GOOD!Wow. Great food, service and ambiance. Mongolian lamb chops are a delightful blend of sweet and savory, deviled tuna tartar is a great concept. Wash it down with the peanut butter bar -- an unbelievably rich hunk of I-don't-know-what that dissolves gracefully on your tongue.The energy is still strong after all these years. Came here last week for a birthday and we shared  a bunch of things which I think is the way to go, because there's nothing on the menu I didn't want to try. Typically I enjoy a simple vodka soda but when I'm somewhere so lavish I love pairing my meal with a fancy cocktail and theirs are all delicious. You can see the drinks here: boozemenus.com/venues/bu… . Great place to go and grab a drink by the bar before venturing out in Meatpacking as well.astonishing!!!! the local Is so beautiful , very friendly waiters , fantastics food . This restaurant is unforgettable all time. i love to go back when i am in NYC.  i know that can have a good time here!!!i love spend time here. the staff always are very efficient and quite friendlyThis review is for the SERVICE which was above and beyond my expectations. I arrived early and was seated in the lounge and attended to by Samantha who waited on me like a VIP. I will say it was the friendliest restaurant I have been in while in NYC. I was treated like a king, the food was great as always. Absolutely no doubt there. The Maitre 'D , Lee Ann, was very accomodating and one of the friendliest human beings I encountered while in NYC that day. I am a commercial actor and stylist and come into NYC on occasion for auditions and other business. Samantha treated me like a weary traveler, immediately offered me a simple glass of ice water which is what I needed most desperately on a day that was surprisingly the hottest day so far this year. My guest joined me a little later and the great treatment started all over again. She was genuinely complimented by the staff. They gave us a cozy little spot as requested. I was proud of the great service provided. I am a Philly guy and know the Starr organization quite well. Job well done. Thank you!One of my favorites in NYC! It's trendy, but the food is actually really good. Must try the edamame dumplings and short ribs. Their drinks are delicious too!This definitely gets a 5.  It is a little "scene," but the food is so delicious (as are the cocktails) that nothing else really matters!  Try everything (you can afford)!  You won't be disappointed.Aside from the desserts skip this trendy mess of an experience. Fried rice was appalling; oily, bland, and just lacking in every way. Short rib was barely recognizable and slathered on a mushy flavorless scallion pancake. Service was friendly but terrible staffing and management resulted in long waits and agitated guests. The only highlights were the stunning desserts, in particular the crying chocolate and tofu cheesecake, which are the only reasons I'd ever consider revisiting.I would give Buddakan 100 stars if I could.  It was wonderful!  We went as a group of 8 and without a reservation they seated us quickly and made us feel like we were the most important people in the whole restaurant.  The food was so good, the drinks were stellar.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants a fine dining experience in Manhattan.    It shows what New York is all about.  Good Food, Good Friends and a Great Experience!Pretty decent food.  Nice setting.  I like the communal table.The best thing about the place was the ambiance - very chic. It made an appearance in the sex and the city movie - where Carrie had her wedding rehearsal dinner. The food was enjoyable but not earth-shattering. The cocktails and drinks were good.Food was exquisite! Try the lollipop as a starterMeh.  Great atmosphere and excellent service, but food was only OK.  Food not much better than a take out place here in Southern California, which is sad for an upscale restaurant.  Peking duck skin soggy, fish overcooked, peanut noodles just plain weird (think Udon with watered down Jif).  On the upside, prices surprisingly reasonable ($350 for 6 people).amazing food and interior! but dont get any fried rice.. they always come out to be too mundane..when I went I got...( i might not have gotten the names exact)1. appet: tuna tartare spring role ... good2. appet: boneless ribs with mustard...tender and amazing!3. entree: steak..nono came out cold and ordinary4. lobster fried rice.... ordinary5. blacked cod...amazing!6. dessert: crying chocolate : delicious7. sobet...not too sweet, deliciousit was a bit too loud but i guess it kind of adds to the "family-style" dining it chinese cuisine restaurant seem to have. food are also served family styled!went out with a friend at buddakan for some good food on a weeknight... we had a lobster fried rice, tuna tartar rolls, edamame dumplings and the taro lollicuups and crying chocolate for dessert.the highlights are the tuna tartar rolls and the edamama dumpings. i was pleasantly surprised by the taste and texture.. yum!! and the portions were pretty big and it left both of us stuffed by the end of the night. the crying chocolate we ordered to share was okay, it was a bit too sweet and the mix with coffee icecream was over the top a bit.  also they don't have a whole lot of cocktails options available, and the one cocktails i had was just OK.  i would say tao has more selections of drinks. the atmosphere of course is a big selling point and worth a visit.  the crowd was very mixed.  and service was good but not excellant.  overall i would say it is worth a visit if you haven't been.This is a spot that screams opulence and grandeur with busy, young vibe. Edamame dumplings are to die for; chilled udon noodles are also fantastic. Service is always excellent. One of my favorite dinner spots in the City.My friend and I held our birthday dinner here, followed by dancing at Tenjune.  The food was delicious (hello edamame dumplings), the atmosphere was beautiful, and the staff was very knowledgeable/efficient.  The entire staff was very friendly and helpful, never pretentious. This restaurant was a great place for a large group, but be aware that parties of 15 or more are given options for set menus that start from $75 per person, not including drinks, tax, or tip.i'm giving this place a 3 star because i liked their decor. it was sexy and nice. for the food, i want to give 1 star because it was overpriced fusion chinese food. the food wasn't horrible but why would you pay that much to eat chinese food?Traveled to NYC to watch K-State play in the Pinstripe Bowl and went to Buddakan on recommendation of some friendly locals we met at the game.  We had an excellent experience.  Service was over the top and food was excellent.  We ordered four each of the appetizers, entrees and desserts and shared them.  All were great.  Lobster Dim Sum, Black Cod and Crying Chocolate were favorites.  All dishes were prepared perfectly and flavors outstanding.Went for my birthday with a party of 8.  I preordered the tasting menu with paired wines recommended by their event planner.  My whole experience was great.  The actual restaurant is beautiful, the service was excellent and the food was amazing.  It was a wonderful night yet we were rushed through dinner.  The food kept coming before we got a chance to finish the previous platter.  At one point it was a bit overwhelming.  I would still recommend it since it was such a great night.My daughter and I had dinner last week and it was truly a wonderful experience. She was visiting from Seattle, and I wanted to take her somewhere that was new to us both.    This is a beautiful venue and the food was exceptional!  Our server Ben was delightful and extremely attentive and knowledgeable about the menu and cocktails.  If you like frog's legs it was the best we've ever had and we've travelled throughout Europe.  The SakiTini was refreshing. As for dessert, well suffice to say it too was outstanding.  It wasn't so loud that we couldn't talk.   I can't wait to take my husband, it's very romantic.  We love New York restaurants but Buddakan is now our "new spot".From my martini, to the appetizers, to the the main course, and the dessert (in particular the bread pudding), everything we ordered was 5 stars. Top notch ambience, service and food, our waitress treated our small party of 3 on a monday evening with the utmost care and attention to detail.  Do not miss out, great place for impressing a date, a rare gem.Love this place! The ambiance is great, and the food was delicious. Service was also great. I highly recommend the spare ribs as an appetizer and the bread pudding for dessert. Beautiful restaurant!Meh, it definitely wasn't worth it. The food was ok but not great, small portions. I won't go back.GO HERE!! It is very good, though pricey, but yummy! The ambiance is gorgeous and the food is out of this world. I went to this one and the one in Atlantic City, and though both very good, I was surprised to find out that they are very different. Different look, different feel, different food. It is definitely worth the money once every now & again.Second time here. It was packed all evening on a Tuesday night. Great ambiance, crowd, and decor. Giving it a 4/5 because of the food, but everything else was a 5/5. Definitely recommend this place to everyone, especially if you are in a large group.Love this place!   I loved the one in Philly and was hoping it would open in NY and I've been so happy.  I always have a great dinner here. The food is wonderful, the atmosphere is divine.  I always like to sit in a different section when I am there depending on the company I am with.  The service is always outstanding.This place is amazing. One of the best Asian Restaurants in the city! Ambiance is on point. Sex and the City the movie was tapped here, so if your a fan you'll enjoy it even more. The Edamame dumplings are unbelievable!I had an absolutely delicious dinner and dining experience here this evening. I don't tend to go to such big, showy restaurants, but this was one I have wanted to try for a few years.Well I was not disappointed. We had to wait a bit for a table, as we had not thought to make a reservation. It was a Tuesday night, who knew! We do now!We sat in the lounge downstairs in what they called The Library. Appetizers: Chili Rock Shrimp and Boneless Spare Ribs.Entrees: King Crab Hot Pot (the broth was beyond delicious!!), and Glazed Alaskan Black Cod with the most amazing cucumber relish and grilled eggplant.The food was great, but what made the experience entirely fantastic was the service. Our waiter, Jason Richards (yes I asked!) was on point! He was very knowledgeable about the menu, and made some good suggestions. He along with anyone else who came to our table seemed genuinely attentive and cared about our feed back.I am a pastry chef, so i am not going to write about the desserts. It is just in my nature to pick a dessert apart mercilessly. I will just say they were fine, but not my favorite part of the evening.Thank you to the entire staff, especially you Jason, for your part in making this a truly F I N E dining experience.WOW! There is nothing more to say. I would love to plan an event at this venue.This place was amazing. The food the music and service was excellent. My only complaint were the slippery floors, I wore six inch heels and had to walk slowly one fast move I would have slid across the room.  Other wise great place for a first date.the ambiance is chill- fun and intimate.the menu has so many options so it's a great place for groups.and the edamame dumplings, black cod, and monk fish are all delicious!  the food presentation, atmosphere and flavors make this place an overall great experience.but the food is a tad bit salty! (you'll especially notice this if you eat here pre-show and find yourself really needing to buy the $5 bottle of water they sell during intermission bc you are that thirsty).Great atmosphere. Bar area gets crowded. Recommend sitting downstairs if you eat here. Now been there twice and really not worth the cost. The first time waited 1.5 hours with reservation. It was a weekend but ridiculous to wait that long with a reservation. The second time... Service was mediocre. Lamb came out rare when ordered medium. Took 25 minutes to cook after pointing out. By then we were finished with our meal. Server forgot drinks. Everybody makes mistakes, but the manager did come by and asked how the meal was. When we responded he could care less. This is not 100$ per person service. And it was a Monday night. So the restaurant was not slammed like a Saturday. So skip the meal, people gaze, order apps at the community table in the bar.Absolutely delicious food. The friend I was with said it was the best meal she ever had. Don't know if I would go that far but it was delicious. Very unique menu as well. Must try the edamame dumplings. Also loved the black Alaskan cod.  Taking one star off because of the loudness of the music- as pet peeve.OH MY GOD, this was so incredible. The food, the place, the staff all reign SUPREME. Let's face it. I'm from San Francisco and I'm so lucky my kid goes to college in Manhattan.... Oh I'm the happiest gurl in the world. Buddakan we will be best of friends, that's for sure!So I was sent here from a friend that recommended it and it was a pretty good experience. I had the lobster fried rice and a calamari appetizer. Both were cooked perfectly I think and for it being busy my food came out in time. The only thing I wasn't to pleased is that my waiter looked mad that I didn't order more when he asked me if that's all I'm ordering. Other than that the place is good.I went there last night for the first time and LOVE it! The place is huge and dark, had a very cool vibe and it was amazingly well decorated. The food was divine and the service very attentive. Even though it was a Monday evening, the place was full. Will be going back!LOVED this restaurant. the service was great, the atmosphere was amazing and the food was so good. You get huge portions for the price. It's pricier than alot of restaurants, but def good for a special occasion! Edamame dumplings are amazing!great ambiance and food, average drinks. we had the dim sums, fried rice and a couple of vegetable and chicken entrees. the dim sums and fried rice were great; i'd go back just for those. the entrees were good, but not spectacular. they could definitely do a better job on their drinks though. all of the drinks felt a little watered down and were way too sweet. all in all, a good experience, but nothing spectacular by NYC-standards.i went last night for dinner. the decor was nice...very sleek inside. again, another take on the "modern" aesthetic. the restaurant is huge...and located conveniently next to chelsea market. from where we sat, it was quite drafty. i assumed most of our food came out hot or warm but by the time we had our first helping, the food had chilled. we sat in the side aisle connecting the bar/lounge area to the back dining area, overlooking the bottom floor dining area. the restaurant was loud as heck. not at all pleasant. perhaps it was due to the cavernous size and the materials used to construct the restaurant (not acting as a sound dampener but rather refracting and amplifying sounds [chatter and music alike]) but it sounded like i was in the middle of lunch rush hour at a high school cafeteria. girls and boys huddle over their tables gossiping all over the place. i could hardly hear what the other person sitting directly across from me was saying.suffice to say, the area where we were sat had quite a lot of foot traffic. not pleasant. and to top it off, our table was so small and there was no sense of timing in which the dishes came out, our small table was brimming with dishes. throughout the majority of our dinner the candle, the sugar holder, our bottles of water, drink glasses, my tea kettle and tea cup were all placed on the ledge next to us to make room for the dishes. you know, small details like that really make or break a restaurant for me. i think two dishes at a time is great for a table our size...instead the servers were piling dish upon dish onto our cramped table even, piling dishes on top of each other. that is ridiculous. i was there for a dining experience not to see how adept the servers were at figuring out how to pile even more dishes onto our table. and each time the servers brought out a new dish, they plopped it down onto our table. and like i'm like, wtf is this? did we order this? none of the usual tirade on what the dish was, what the main ingredient was, etc. just plop and go. was it even that busy last night?and the food. meh. i've had better. the butternut squash dumplings looked good on the menu. it wasn't my favorite. it's way too creamy or gooey. has an odd consistency in your mouth. the dumplings were gooey already but they came served in a gooey sauce. so it was goo drenched in more goo. the char sui pork buns were tasty enough. i had better at momofuku. the scallion pancakes? meh. deviled tuna tartare? meh. our tea smoked chicken was covered in too much of the ginger chutney to be even tasty. is was like, "what am i eating here? ginger?" and the asparagus and black bean dish, we ordered because we were curious as to how it would be presented. when it came out it looked like cut asparagus swimming in velveta and black bean cheese dip. and how much did our lovely meal set us back? $140.not. worth. it.aweeeesomeSo I had a mixed experience at Buddakan.  Food was good; service stunk.  I was seated in the back of the downstairs area of the restaurant so I was ushered through the entire restaurant on my way to my table.  Like other reviewers have noted, its absolutely gorgeous.  Once seated, it took a full 20 minutes for a server to come and speak to my table.  We actually had to ask a porter for water and our waiter.  Once the waiter arrived we ordered coctails, four appetizers and an entree to share between the two of us.  While the waiter comp'ed the drinks due to the lack of initial attention, he forgot one of our appetizers.  The food was very good, our favorite dishes being the crispy duck spring rolls and mongolian lamb chops.  By the time we realized that our missing appetizer wasn't coming we were already pretty stuffed so that ended up being a blessing in disguise.  We felt the idea of sharing appetizers worked really well and was WAY cheaper than if we had each ordered an entree.Whenever I go to restaurants like Buddakan I can't help but think of this one episode of the Simpson's.  Patty and Selma are sitting on their couch watching Sex and the City.   They blow rings of smoke at the TV and say with a raspy voice, "This show is like looking the mirror!"  This place is what it is, a scene.  I have no problem with that, the décor is great (although a bit cavernous) and I'm sure a fun place for just drinks.  I went with a group last night for dinner; the food was ok, nothing spectacular, completely average over hyped NY cuisine.  What you pay for is the scene, which is completely fine if that's what you're looking to do.  However like all trendy NY establishments of this nature I do predict an increasing swarm of B&T groups looking for a Sex and the City night out on the town.  Beware of waiters tripping on someone's pump fat sticking out of their Manolo's and egg rolls flying everywhere...overrated!  but awesome interiors and ambiance!A favorite go-to when in NYC, the food here is always delicious and the ambiance fabulous. Was at a business dinner with 8 people recently and we ordered the sharing menu (probably ordered the most vast option because about 15 different foods showed up. WOW!) Unfortunatley, I was recovering from stomach flu and really unable to eat anything, but I asked my waiter for a recommendation on the best optoin given my tummy-issues -- he suggested the carrot pot stickers and the vegetable stir fried rice. Honestly, these were just perfect and so delicious/light. And while deeply saddened to not be able to eat anything else on the table, the waiter made my night by suggesting two options that were just perfect for my needs. He couldn't have been more accomodating and helpful. Great service, Great menu. Great fun. Looking forward to another trip here soon to actually be able to eat the delicious foods on the menu!Visited here this past weekend and LOVED IT!! The ambiance is amazing... as soon as you walk in you've stepped into a different world! Very clean, stylish and the decor is great. I had to wait for my party so I went to sit at the bar and had a few cocktails - fantastic, fantastic, fantastic!! Loved the drinks! The restaurant itself is huge!! So many little nooks - there were tables for large parties, and tables for just couples, great! The food was just out of this world - the portion sizes were good for the price, and really filling and very different!!  I really enjoyed the Duck as it was my first time trying it and the pork fried rice were delicious. Desert was even better.. I had some type of coconut cake which was scrumptious! The only thing I didn't like about this place was that it was so dark!! The bathrooms were pitch black and I hated that - I almost stumbled a few times whilst walking around - I wish they'd turn on a few more lights! Other than that - great place, can't wait to visit again!I went to Buddakan this past weekend with a large group of friends.  I was very disappointed with the service, ambiance and food.  I cannot even recall a single redeeming quality of this place. The ambiance was not inviting at all. Our group of 8 was seated in the middle of a long table where we were sharing with other groups of people. I thought the set up was strange since you could hear the other group's conversations. Next the service matched the ambiance, it was terrible. As soon as we sat down and received our menus our waitress came by to take our order. We had not even sat down for 2 minutes or had a chance to glance at the menu. I felt like we were being rushed so they could clear the table as soon as possible.  For the money you spend on this place the least they can do is give you time to look at the menu. The menu looked interesting but the flavors were sub par.  Everything we ordered was bland besides the edamame dumplings. The waitress stressed that the entrees were served family style but for the portions you would need to order three times the amount of food to feed your party. While we were eating the bus boys were trying to take our plates away. I found that extremely rude. Overall I would NEVER go back to this restaurant nor recommend it to anyone else.The interior is beautiful and the waitstaff is cordial but the food is underwhelming. Maybe I was expecting too much or maybe it was the rainy weather but the food was just good and not as amazing as I had hoped. We got the chili rock shrimp because of all of the rave reviews but it is honestly just deep fried shrimp pieces (more breading than shrimp) and lots of mayo. The edamame dumplings  tasted more like some sort of cheese dumpling. It was good but just as good as any cheese ravioli can be and nothing amazing. I would recommend the Alaskan cod  which was perfectly cooked and came with a really good and unique black bean relish. The Black Bean Silken Tofu with kabocha squash, shiitake mushroom, and shishito pepper was good but a bit salty. We also got the Sugar Snap Peas with wild mushrooms and soy tapioca which was also good but overly sauced. Overall, I feel like they use very fresh ingredients but the seasoning and/flavors are lacking. The tofu cheesecake for dessert was really light and delicious. It came slightly deconstructed with an extra graham cracker crust mashed on the side. This place does okay for Asian fusion but I feel like you can go to better places in NYC for good Asian food.way overrated.I enjoyed my dinner here. Obviously a shi-sh-fru-fru experience, but in an era where decadence is no longer seen out and about it was refreshing to dine here and observe a generally well dressed and attractive crowd. The setting is amazing, I love the idea of walking down the steps to your table, treat it as your own personal runway folks! The space is massive and the restaurant check-in area is set up hotel style, so you aren't crowded at the door attempting to let the hosts know that you have arrived! The seating area/bar while you wait is cute, and at first I onwdered how they would locate me amidst such a loud and packed room but they came and seated my party promptly. My waitress was very friendly without beings syrupy or programmed  (you know the kind of service you get at chains). She recommened we do maybe 3 appetizers and 2 entrees, all of which were good, especially the rock shrimp. My water was refilled promptly, my white Russian was good! Are the portions small? Yes, but why do people complain about this? Go to Cheeesecake Factory or Maggianos if you want to gorge and pig out. After the apps and the entree, I didn't even have room for dessert. All in all, this spot seems to be one of the trendy restaurants with substance!had great experiences here for 2 nights. it was a bit interesting that they sent u to this lounge area to wait for the hostess to come get u after u checked in. it took the hostess 5 mins or so to take us to the table. it was not a big deal but can be annoying. both nights i had a great time, food and service. the waiter really knows their stuff and recommended great dishes. both nights i had different appetizers, main course and dessert. for appetizer, the must try when u visit buddakan are lobster egg rolls, general tso's dumplings, and steamed sea bass roll. i've also tried scallion pancakes but it wasnt as good comparing to others. for main course, i had charred filet of beef, charred asparagus, wild mushroom chow fun, lobster fried rice and glazed alaskan black cod, which is a must try. for dessert i had honey jasmine cheesecake, which was very good. both nights i was there, they were busy but my reservations were at 7:30. i had a great experience at buddakan all around, the atmosphere, food and service. a great place for any occasions whether it's birthday, celebration, dinner meeting, romantic dinner. a really great place for out of towners to try. i'd definitely return on my next trip to nyc!!I had my birthday dinner at Buddakan back in February, and I am still reminiscing at how terrific and memorable the entire experience was. The decor in this place is unreal! So ornate and beautiful! Even better than the decor was the food. Oh em gee..literally mouth watering. The portions are rather small so you have to order quite a few samplings if you're starving. We had the rock shrimp and this crispy honey glazed shrimp..both to die for. Then we had lobster egg rolls and lobster rice along side some glazed lamb chomps. Everything came out steaming hot and in a beautiful presentation! I had an amazing cocktail that our friendly waiter suggested. I can't remember the exact name of the concoction but it had St. Germaine, champagne and splash of vodka. Delicious. They even brought out ice cream for the birthday girl (me!) It was truly one of the best dining experiences I have ever had! Kudos to Buddakan!