Went on a double date with my best friend and we were looking for a "gastro tapas" place that did not look cheap and was different than the usual fake Spanish wine bar and if you're looking or the same, this place is definitely the right spot. Although I would recommend to make a reservation (especially for dinner during the weekend), you will be amazed by the food you'll get. The prices are a bit high for tapas but it is worth the money. We ordered a selection of 6 tapas and I definitely recommend to get the French onion Soup Dumplings and the Potato and Goat cheese Pierogies that were just amazing. The menu is so long that you want to order anything but also make you want to come back to try them all. The portions were large enough to share with 4 people and the service was good. On top of it, the music was not as loud as I was expecting after reading some reviews and we could actually talk to each other without screaming. So just go and enjoy upper-class tapas with your GF or BF!We had a large group and decided to try out this location.  We were a little late for our reservation so did have to wait an extra hour for a table, but the manager on duty was incredibly diplomatic about it. I would suggest arriving on time for this place (especially on a Saturday night). From what I can tell you would still have to wait, just not quite as long. Also, your entire party has to be there to be seated. Once seated, both the service and the food were amazing!  The food is all served family style, and if you have more people than each order comes with, you can add extra serving a la carte on many of the dishes. The french onion dumplings were so good! They are served in little trays usually reserved for escargot, and I could eat more right this second! Also something that stood out was the shrimp and grits. They are individual with two shrimp and a grit patty underneath. Definitely a treat. while the atmosphere of this place is charming it is also fairly loud. We sat upstairs so had a DJ blasting music the entire time and downstairs seemed just as boisterous.  Regardless of the wait and the loudness, I had a great time and look forward to returning to this place for round two. Thanks for reading and enjoy!Bad food, good everything else.We went to station social for my friends birthday . Since we were 11 people we requested a pre fixed menu . They seated us on time for our reservation which is pretty rare in the city.The restaurant was filled and the music was loud, exactly the type of atmosphere we wanted.The food sounded amazing on the menu,  looked beautiful on the plate, but was inedible.Although we hated the food, we loved the atmosphere. Really fun for birthdays if you focus on the drinking and less on food. Plus, the service was awesome.Highly inventive food in the LES.  This is the best place to come as a group and try many small plates.   The best are the French Onion Soup Dumplings and the Red Snapper tacos.  Make reservations.Recently took some out-of-town guests to the Stanton Social for some great food.  Have loved this place in the past but was incredibly disappointed this trip.  I think it has better food than it's sister property, Beauty and Essex, though I prefer the ambience at Beauty.  Stanton was MUCH louder and more crowded than I recall. We were seated promptly and at a good table.  When the waitress arrived I wanted to order only two items to start so as to pace the meal.  She specifically stated that we should order everything at once because their chefs would absolutely parse it out.  No sooner did we order than two plates arrived, followed immediately by two more.  We had four plates taking up the whole table after I especially asked not to be rushed.  Then the last two entrees arrived.  We ordered wine and drinks, as well as dessert.  While I was eating desert, literally a spoon in my mouth, a manager came by and dropped the check  on the table. Hadn't asked for it and hadn't even been asked by the waitress if we wanted anything further. Check was practically flung on the table. Upon paying the bill i wrote a comment on the card about the service/experience.  To their credit, a manager came over to discuss.  While he apologized, it didn't particularly seem sincere - especially given that when he offered to buy us a drink to end the evening on a positive note, he did not want us taking the table any longer and asked to buy us a drink in the ridiculously crowded (read fire marshall capacity), standing room only, bar upstairs.  I've been to a lot of restaurants in NYC and on a friday night no less.  I have never been as rushed as I was at Stanton.  It obvious how badly they were trying to turn over guests.  The table of two sitting next to us had paid their bill and were having a quiet chat whilel finishing their wine.  The manager came up to them and "encouraged" them to leave as well by inquiring what further he could do for them. It was just such a blatant push the whole evening.  Incredibly disappointed if this is the new standard for the Stanton.  Not sure I'll be back.Everything was absolutely delicious! Went with two of my friends and we ordered the Brussels sprouts, baked spanakopita, french onion soup dumplings, the mac & cheese, and the sliders (Veggie slider, Pastrami slider, and Spicy Italian Sausage & Peppers). For desert we each tried a milkshake shot and the red velvet twinkie, both were delicious. Make sure to call or go online well in advance to make your reservations. Will def be back!First time I came here I loved this place with the good and music and environment. But this time I had a reservation and they close at 100 am. Reservation was 1130 and I showed up at 1140. The host said he sees my reservation but they closed the kitchen since we are late. He had a terrible attitude. On top of that the service is pretty bad and the waiters are very snobby. Amazing food though if you're willing to deal with assholesTHE PIEROGIES.THE DAMN PIEROGIES.If you come here and don't order the pierogies, you have no idea what you're doing with your life. As if the goat cheese and caramelized onion combo wasn't enough, the truffle creme fraiche was out of this world. It brought the whole dish together and I cannot stop thinking about it. My table also ordered the French Onion Soup Dumplings, which were of course amazing. We ordered several more dishes but after a while I was just stuffing my face with whatever was on the table without caring to hear what it was. And it was all delicious. This review is based only on the food, but the service was perfectly fine to me. I personally do not go to restaurants for the service and, unless it's atrocious, don't care to comment on it. The Stanton Social is very loud, but my friends and I are in our early twenties and are accustomed to that kind of environment, so we enjoyed it. Honestly, I can't wait to go back!Had my 21st birthday here on the mezzanine floor (overlooking the restaurant with the dimly lit, rustic, elegant atmosphere).Everything from the service  drinks, food, music was A+. Food is upscale, elegant American fusion. Your gonna order tuna tartare spring rolls, duck Ragu peroggies, French onion soup dumplings, etc etc etc.Worth a visit, even if it's for an appetizer and a drink!I can't wait to be back in NYC in a couple months. I mean not only will I get the closest thing possible to real Italian gelato, but I also get to go here. So there are some things, it's not super expensive, but it also might be the kinda place that you should have a little extra cash for.Savor your meal, cause the atmosphere is fantastic. I wish I could be a wine drinker, because I see the wall of wine and I feel like saying speaking in a faux European accent and ordering something that was from 1947 and probably was personally in Cary Grant's wine cellar. The french onion soup poppers were fantastic, and I loved the little baby lobster rolls. They were adorable and good.Came for dinner with my hubby who is trying to do low carb thing at the moment (buzz kill).... Started with mix of east and west coast oysters- both were great.  We shared the edamame (tasty) as well.  I ordered the pierogies which were the highlight of the evening for me and hubby ordered the spinach salad which he enjoyed (can't recall if I snuck a bite).  We shared the lamb gyros and chicken arepas (he left the bread for me).  Both were very good but would probably pick the lamb as the winner between the two.  Hubby also ordered the sausage and peppers- I did manage to steal a bite despite the small portion size.  Overall, great meal and would definitely go back to try other menu items (like the soup dumplings and mac and cheese) when the hubby isn't trying to go light on carbs.Nice decor and vibe- we went upstairs for drinks before we were seated and could sense the bar scene gets better the later the night (think we had 9:30 PM reservation).  The stairs up/down are quite steep so be careful with the hooker heels ladies!  Also, only 1 single sex bathroom on each floor so be prepared for a line.We went on the recommendation of friends.  I liked the atmosphere, ambiance and service was fine, but food was just meh.  We had their "famous" french onion soup dumplings which were overcooked and chewy.  Scallops were ok, pierogies were good, and brussel sprouts were undercooked.  I can't speak to their cocktails, I only had a glass of Malbec which was fine.Drum roll.  I have eaten at non-chain restaurants in over 35 states and The Stanton Social in NYC is the best food I have ever eaten.  As a result, I want Chef Chris Santos to cater my wedding to Joe Manganiello.  I doubt I would ever make it to death row; but the Stanton Social's entire menu would be my last supper before walking the green mile.I have been to the foam and foie gras restaurants that sacrifice deliciousness for presentation, but the Stanton Social has both of these elements on steroids.  The restaurant treats basic dishes like the new kid at school and gives them the sophistication of the Heathers but the food still has the hipster kick of Solange Knowles.  (tee he he)At the Stanton Social shrimp and grits and chicken and waffles become tapas; while French onion soup rides with Marty McFly into the future evolves into a dumpling.  The kobe burgers, herb dusted frites and mac * cheese with chorizo and roasted poblanos were all on point. No this isn't basic bar food, pot-head food or the I need to eat something to sober up before I go home food.   This is the food that you want  on a well-deserved cheat day...or when you have a ravenous appetite after an amazing workout, good sex...or want to have before amazing sex.  My only disappointment is that my first visit Stanton Social visit wasn't on an empty stomach.Shout-out to Karen our amazing waitress that never left my wine glass half full and for asking about food allergies prior to service.Lastly shout-out to the deejay that randomly played the Wobble for about 70 seconds;-)I loved the food at Stanton Social. Small finger foods and shared plates were beautiful and well thought. Especially the mini-burger seemed great. The service was good and attentative, the decor quite beautiful and the busy bistro atmosphere appealing. However, their (disco) music is so loud that you feel more like you're having a drink at a night club than a proper dinner at a great restaurant.Terrible accoustics made you forget the gorgeous food and espace to the street before your time.So...the atmosphere of this restaurant is literally like a club. Not really feeling that. But...the cuisine and cocktails are amazing! I was even inquired about this place in Shanghai on the random. So apparently this place is well known...My friend and I stared out with complimentary soup: celery and applewood wine. Amazing.We moved onto our cocktails. I don't recall what we ordered BUT they were tasty. Not of speakeasy proportions, but better than your usual sub-par bar cocktails. I still enjoyed. Classy enough to ensue. I would never step foot in there on a fri-sat night though. I'm sure it's a shit show.Weekday nights, I welcome a visit or two over the next year.Stanton social, you're alright.I had read the reviews that the Stanton Social was a loud restaurant, and boy were they right. The minute we stepped inside, the place was bumpin'. It was a flurry of activity with people gabbing away at their tables and music pumpin' through the three floor space. Luckily for me, we were seated on the third floor which is a lot quieter, which suited me much better. The space definitely has a vibe and a life to it that you are not gonna get at home.To start, we ordered some Red Snapper Tacos and the Hand Pulled Chicken Arepas. They are known for the Red Snapper Tacos, and while they were good, I prefered the chicken arepas myself, which is why we ordered another round of those later. The dice on the vegetable and fruit on the red snapper tacos was so tiny and a real treat. I thought it brought a nice textural element, but the texture of the hand pulled chicken was out of control good. That little pile of chicken just melted in my mouth.We also tried another dish they are known for, the French Onion Soup Dumplings. I must agree with a previous reviewers when they said that they taste better than they smell. The smell is definitely a little off putting... must be the cheese. Though they are tasty. They weren't my favourite thing there, but they were definitely the most unique and creative.For our main we had the Fried Chicken and Maple Cheddar Waffles with louisana hot sauce butter. Because this was a main and a little more money it was a bigger bite, and you got four servings instead of three like some of the others. So don't be oftput by the price differences as you will get more bang for your buck. I thought putting the maple inside the waffle instead of syrup was a smart idea. And they were so delicious when you wiped some of that hot sauce butter on it.My favourite part of the meal though, and the best dessert I had in New York, and one of my favourites ever was the S'mores Creme Brulee. I haven't been so surprised by a plate of food in a long time. The creme brulee was cold which was surprise #1. Surprise #2 was the liquid bitter espresso like chocolate underneath. The sweetness came from the marshmellow, but the bitter came from this, and they mixed perfectly. And the textures were quite different with the marshmellow, and the liquid chocolate and the creme brulee. This is a dessert not to be missed!Well well well, it's about time we've met. I've been looking for you for some time now. If you know anything about me, you know that I'm a sucker for a good cooking competition show. Food Network, Bravo, you name it, I'm probably watching it. So when I see Chris Santos as the judge on Chopped and they talk about his restaurant on the Lower East Side, you know that I've had it bookmarked for a while.Finally, we should up last night to see what all the hype was about. I made a reservation through opentable a few weeks before as this was the destination I had picked for my fiancés birthday dinner. We were seated right away and there seemed to be 3 men who were upper management walking along the restaurant checking in on everything constantly. Nice touch. Our waiter was very nice. We didn't see much of him as the bussers brought over our food but when he did check in he was cordial and went over the menu with us and told us about some highlights. He insisted we order the potato and goat cheese pierogis and the French onion soup dumplings. Obviously I've been scoping out the menu for quite some time so of course those were at the top of my list. Here is what we ordered: 3 oysters: 2 west coast and one east coast. My fiancé loved them. They came with 5 accompaniments. His favorite was the marinated orange segments. Potato and goat cheese pierogis with truffled crème fraiche: Oh my god. Fried perfectly and the crème fraiche was incredible. The cracked black pepper on top was a great touch and those caramelized onions were heavenly. French onion soup dumplings: Holy crap. Excuse my profanity but holy living crap. These were PERFECTION. The French onion soup was so rich and tasted heavily of wine and the cheese was crispy and melted. The bread-vessel was delicious and I just loved them so much. If there are 4 people definitely order two orders. 3 for myself made me happy. Shrimp and "grits": What an incredible dish. For $22 you get 6 perfectly cooked shrimp over 3 delicious cheesy grit cakes with the most amazing creole sauce I've ever had. The shrimp were so tender it was like cutting into a scallop. I was obsessed with the little grit cake. Crispy on the outside and creamy on the inside. Delicious. Big sexy burger: One of the best burgers I've ever had. Gooey cheese, perfectly cooked patties, delicious sauce, crazy good caramelized onion, on a soft roll. Served with BACON AND BLUE CHEESE FRIES. Need I say more? Brussels sprouts: Acidic sauce that made them sweet with pancetta that made them savory and crispy leaves with grated parmesan. I don't think I'd order these again but my fiancé loved them.Red velvet Twinkie: I kind of regret ordering this instead of the suggested donuts. I saw pictures of this Twinkie and knew I had to have it but it was very dry. Between the two of us we barely got through half of one. I'm glad we only ordered one. Spiked milk shake shot: Tasty! You could definitely taste the bourbon. Fun end to the meal. Only negative was the food was spaced out at weird times. We'd get two dishes and wait like 20 minutes for the next few dishes to come after they cleared our plates. But it was Saturday night and it was packed, so I'll let it slide.My husband and I heard so many things about the Stanton Social so we decided to give it a try one night recently. At first impression, seemed like a cool, fun, trendy place with bumpin music. We arrived ~10 minutes prior to our reservation so we were told to wait at the bar upstairs and the hostess would come get us. Took them almost 45 minutes for them to get us seated, which I was quite disappointed about - what's the point of making a reservation if you can't get seated on time or at least near the time of the reservation. It also seemed as if the hostesses would pay more attention to the douchey guys trying to flirt with them who came in after us - who we saw get seated before us! At that point - after already waiting for my table for 45 minutes, I don't care who you are, you can wait to be seated.Once we sat down, the service was very good and fast. Our waiter suggested some of the small plates from the menu and we went with most of the suggestions. The food quality was pretty good, but have had better tapa style food elsewhere. I felt as if most of the items we ordered were ordinary, nothing spectacular that would make me go back for that one particular item.We had the french onion dumplings (very good - prob the only outstanding item we had), meatballs (good, but pretty regular), red snapper tacos (pretty good, but seemed as if they were pre-prepped and not fresh),  goat cheese pierogies (pretty good). For dessert we had the mini s'mores shots which were quite delicious but nothing "different" compared to what I've had before.Overall, pretty decent place if you're looking to bring someone to look cool in front of but in terms of having top notch small plates/tapas cuisine, this ain't it.I don't know if we loved Stanton Social because we had no expectations of the place before we went but it was really great.  I didn't know what to expect food wise or atmosphere wise but I would highly recommend this place. We went at 8 pm on a summer Friday and were really pleased with the atmosphere.  The restaurant was loud but not so loud you couldn't hear your table talking, it was almost loud above us.  There are a ton of large tables for groups and I see why so many bachelorette parties go here.   We didn't know what the food would be like but it was American tapas, so it was nice to try tapas that weren't Spanish for a change.  While all the food that came out was in mini form (each item was so cute and teeny tiny), it was definitely enough to fill us - they pack each item. We ordered: Tuna Tartare Wontons (3 per dish)Red Snapper Tacos (3 per dish)2 Lobster Roll SlidersThe Salad on the menu, forget the nameMiso MushroomsGoat Cheese and Onion Perogies   (4 per dish)We loved everything.  The highlights for me were the mushrooms, snapper tacos and perogies and I was more than full when we were done.  Our service was fine and I would go back here or recommend it.Wonderful bartender last night. Black rim glasses, tall and lovely! Martinis were perfect. We had the French onion soup dumplings, Kobe beef slider, pickled vegetables & the phyllo dough spinach wraps. (There is a specific name for them, however it escapes me) Great music, great atmosphere and I will definitely be back!So, let me preface with: I should have known better.I should have known better than to:A.) Make a reservation a this place for a Friday nightB.) Be surprised that my table wasn't ready at said reservation time (that it would be at least 30 minutes before we'd be seated) C.) That there would be a place for my party and I to stand while we waited for our table to be ready (besides out in the rain)And D.) Expect that the service would be professional and friendlySo here's how it actually went down. A friend from out of town was visiting and we decided at 3pm on a Friday that we wanted to go somewhere good for dinner with another friend. This dinner was doomed from the beginning (and maybe this is another thing I should have known), as it was just too good to be true that there were a ton of reservations available for this place on open table. I had dined here before and the food (while a bit overhyped) was good and had lots of variety (good for our mixed group of carnivores and vegetarians) and was super surprised but very happy to snag one for 9:30 for the three of us. So, I arrive at the restaurant first and it was an absolute madhouse. The whole place was squished with people like an over-packed club. I shrug it off, it's a Friday, maybe these people are just here for drinks so I wait in line to let the hostess know that I was there. Super icy vibe from her from the beginning. Instead on making a note that I was there she tells me to come back when my party is all here. Fine. I know the drill, everyone needs to be there to be seated. She's way nicer to the dude next to me who is early with his party of 11 for their 945 seating. Maybe she knew him? She doesn't ask if his party is all there.My friends arrive two minutes later.I go back in to tell the hostess that we were all there she looks at me and says "name? Reservation time?" Like we hadn't spoke literally two minutes ago. Fine. Whatever. I tell her again and she says "ok you can go have a drink up at the bar, it'll be 15-20 minutes".So, we try to go to the bar upstairs which is literally SO packed I bet the fire department would have shut it down if they saw how many people were in there. It was crazy. We couldn't get near the bar. Instead we go back outside to wait but it's raining and, at this point I start to feel pretty terrible that this was the place I made a reservation for my friend for her Friday night in New York. At 9:45 we decide that if our table isn't in the process of being cleared, we'll find somewhere else in the area to go and start looking for alternativesSo at 9:50, I go back to the hostess and ask how much longer it will be. Again she pretends like she didn't  remember me and proceeds to tell me that the table has the check but there's no way she can know how long it's going to be. Yea, I've played this game before. That's codeword for at least another 15-20 minutes (Btw forgot to mention that the dude with the reservation for 11 was seated 5 minutes after he got in) and there wasn't even a hint of an apologetic tone in her voice. So I say thanks but there's no place for us to wait and it's raining outside so we're going to go somewhere else and start to leave. The lady actually tries to argue with me about me leaving!! She starts telling me that I only told her 10 minutes ago that I was there (false) and that we can wait inside if we want to (false) and just won't let it goI'm sorry but that's ridiculous. I get it that these restaurants build in a buffer for people to drink at the bar before there meal but if that is not possible, I'm facing a 30 minute wait for my reservation AND there's no place for me and my party to stand expect in the rain why on earth would you argue with me about my deciding to go somewhere else where my party and I can actually eat/drink???? How could you be anything but apologetic about the fact that you cannot honor my reservation in the first place??? SO unprofessional.we finally left went to a casa fox down the street and were treated like actual human beings and had a great dinner.So yea TLTR: this place is way over hyped, unprofessional and super scene-y. They also don't honor reservations and fully expect you to wait without apology. The food is good (from my prior experiences there) but not good enough to have to deal with their crappy attitude. I won't be back.LOVED this spot. I've been trying to get a reservation here for a while (one that's not at 5pm or 10pm). Luckily, it was a holiday weekend in NYC so we got an 8pm reservation on a Saturday night. Came with a friend for dinner. First off, the vibe here is awesome. Very trendy...I felt like I was back in LA. Lots of pretty people. I will also say that the music was really good. I was almost dancing in my seat. Anyway, on top of that, great service and delicious food!Chicken Arepas - deliciousDumplings - kind of cheesy but still really tastyRibs - sooooo very flavorful and ridiculously goodScallops - super tasty and the risotto that comes with it is really good tooDrinks were expensive but also good! It kind of turned into a bar scene towards the end of our meal. I would probably come back to check that out sometime!The wait was ridiculous, but well worth it. The food and drinks both amazing, will definitely come back again!It is my favorite place for a date, drink with a friend, or mojito party. I absolutely loved it. We ordered Red Snapper Tacos -delicious.It comes in 3 small pieces and it is a shared dish between people. Wok Charred Edamame -spicy miso glaze - Best I have ever had! Celery Root Ravioli - $15 basil, pickled chilis, blood orange - THE BEST DISH!!!!! It is a MUST! You wont regret. Sriracha Pea Crusted Salmon - $21asian pesto & soba noodle-beet salad I personally found it too spicy and crispy. The noodles that come with it were amazing. Best mojitos I ever had - strong. The crowd is decent upscale. I recommend to wear trendy attire. The tables are romantic and the lounge is cool as well. I will definitely come back. Absolutely in love with it.Excellent food and drinks ! Bartender upstairs was excellent. Hostess downstairs very rudeI've been here on two separate occasions, five years apart. My first visit left a positive impression, and the most recent one was this past weekend. I'm happy to say that while there have been menu and ambiance updates, quality is still up there. Quarters can be a bit close - often, you have to move tables to be able to sit, and it gets very crowded. We waited for our table in the upper bar area, which is cozy and a fun place to meet for drinks. I don't make decisions well, so I didn't do any of the ordering. There were mushrooms and carrots, fish and chips, a taquito, oysters, some other things I can't remember...the beauty of a tapas place is that there is a lot to order and eat, without being ridiculously full. The drink menu is creative (albeit a bit complicated for my simple tastes), and everything comes out in a progressive fashion that is not rushed, nor overwhelming. It was all quite good, and service was attentive without being overbearing. It's a bit noisy, especially on a Saturday night, so by the end my throat was a little raw from speaking at an elevated level, but overall it's a fun spot.I feel like I was hoodwinked by The Stanton Social. The menu looked really reasonable and definitely delicious when we were trying to decide where we would enjoy our last NYC meal. The Stanton Social fit the bill. However, it wasn't until we sat down that we were told the menu was small plates and that a table of four (us) should order 9-11 plates. Uh... what? I've never had to order ELEVEN small plates to feed four people. But we did as we were told and got ten plates, because service was really slow and the restaurant was full and we didn't want to have to wait forever we decided we wanted more. It ended up being a really pricey meal. If I had loved everything I had tasted, that would have been fine. But some items were not a crowd favorite.From best to worst:'Chicken n' Waffles' - $19brick pressed chicken, aged cheddar waffle,corn pudding, balsamic spiked maple syrup- These were very very good. Potato Latkessour cream, apple sauce $6- Traditional, flavorful, very nice. Vanilla Bean & Ricotta Cheese Blintzes -blueberry compote $11Breakfast Bruschetta -soft scrambled eggs,ovendried tomatoes, asiago $9Social Mac & Cheese -chorizo, roasted poblanos $12Wolf & Son's Lox & Bagel plattertomato, red onions, capers, lemon $15 (nothing wrong with it, but nothing notable either)Lobster roll- It had no flavor. Like none. And it was a hot mess. French Onion Soup Dumplings $12- Just... no. They were difficult to get out their little pots, they were extremely potent (think of the smell of rotten onions) and they were quite soggy. If you have a texture thing, this dish is not for you.Red Snapper Tacos -creamy avocado, spicy mango $10- The fish genuinely smelled spoiled. I couldn't eat half of my taco. The waitress was great enough to add on extra portions of items that came in three's, or guide us toward what we would like, but over all I was not overly impressed with a lot of the food.Hipster brunch place. Solid food and the atmosphere is very nice. Make a reservation or else you might have to wait a while.We triple dated and came here for dinner on Friday April 11. We made reservations ahead of time for 6:30 pm.  When we arrived, the place was empty and we were seated right away. But within 30  minutes, the place became packed and I mean, packed like sardines in a can. In order to get up and use the bathroom, we had to invoke tetris skills and move and shift everyone around in order to have enough room to get up and go.The food was very good. Some dishes come with just 3 pieces and some came with 4 pieces.  We had 6 in our group so they were able to add al la carte so that each person in the group got to try every tapas. I am not sure how the al la carte pricing goes but by the end of the night, the bill was about $290...with tips, it was $110/couple and we did not even get drinks.Here is the breakdown of the food that we ordered:Red Snapper Tacos (just alright. Perhaps we had a bad batch. Snapper tasted very fishy and not too fresh)Spicy tuna (this was one of my favorites)meatballs (Very good. I recommend)Beef wellington (Excellent. I approve)Sliders (Good. We asked for medium well and it came out medium rare with bits of ground beef squirting out with each bite which makes me gag a little)Ribs (just ok. I could leave it the next time I go)Mini Lobster roll (just ok. Lobster didn't have too much flavor)Pulled pork (Very good. Recommend)French onion dumplings (french onion part was good. But the wonton/dumpling in the middle was just mediocre. Taste was reminiscent of frozen shumai that you could get at an asian grocers)DESSERTS:Rootbeer Milkshake Shot (good. A bit on the sweet side for my asian tastebuds. Non-asian folks may enjoy it)Red velvet twinkies (These were TDF!!!! Hands down, THE BEST ITEM that I had all night. The cake was moist but not greasy and not too sweet.  The cream cheese filling was perfection. It felt amazing going down the throat (that's what she said!).  There's just certain foods that have good mouth feel and this was it.  If I go back, I'm ordering 4 just for me. LOL.)All in all, we had a good time. The food was good. The atmosphere was trendy. I'll be back.I have been to this restaurant multiple times and I had a great experience every single time. Both my wife and I enjoy the food and service there. There is a bar upstairs which is fantastic to start your night out and then just stroll down to the restaurant for the best food. Great romantic spot and small plates are perfect to try all different types of dishesOn food alone, this place gets 5 stars. But overall review, I take off a few for icy hostess and ridiculously loud obnoxious music. We were a party of 8 on Saturday evening. Half our party was late for the reservation and half sent up to the bar. When the late party arrived we weren't seated until our friends came down from the bar, the hostess was adamant we all had to be present to be seated. Okay, I get it, I do. But they were squaring a check and on their way down. And we were staring at our set table that obviously was for us (the place is pretty small) and we couldn't sit down why? It just seemed weird. So when our friends finally came down the hostess then asked us if we would be finished dinner by 7:45, presumably because that's when that table was next reserved. Ummmm, I guess it depends how fast your kitchen cooks the food--wth kind of question is that? Like you're not sending that party up to the bar first?? I mean, just weird. Thankfully when we were seated we had a very friendly waitress. She also recommended a number of dishes based on the number of people at our table and at first this sounded like a lot but once you get rolling (and eating) everything is delicious and you'll gladly order more. Everything we had was delicious--everything. No low notes here. Even the boring sounding spinach salad was to die for. Drinks were STRONG! Very nice, especially for what they cost. Most of us were too full for dessert but we had the donuts and they were good but the red velvet "twinkie" was a bit of a disappointment. Otherwise the food was good and we would go back based on food (and drinks!) alone. The music is crazy loud. Why do trendy places insist on loud music? If I want to go to the club I'll go after dinner. I mean, seriously? You can barely hear the person next to you. One woman in our group barely talked, she didn't even bother, till we hit a bar later. A bar. We could hear better in a BAR! Yeah, it's that loud there.I haven't been here in a very long time, so when I went for brunch I was curious if the reputation still held up.  It did!  One of the best meals I've had!What We Ate --Oreo Pancakes - Beyond!Chicken N' Waffles - Amazing!Nutella French Toast Sticks Lobster RollFrench Onion Soup Dumplings The service was also good.  They altered the portion size to fit our group of 6 and that was super helpful.Everything was perfection.A trendy spot where a lady might NOT MIND having her face attacked by the face of the person she is there with (in the nicest way possible!). This spot is very unassuming from the outside and is one of the trendiest spaces in LES. It may not look like a good space on the outside but when you walk in it's a completely different story. If you do not have reservations or you are awaiting your party (sorry party! I'm consistently on Latin Time) you may hangout in the upstairs lounge area. LADIES be WARNED: There are quiet a few stairs to go up to the lounge area. #1). (Sorry Guys) LADIES..... The stairs are steep...... please remember to wear your underwear that night. I was privied to an EYE FULL of the girl in front of me's "HOO-AHHH" hanging out saying "hello" to me as she marshaled up the stairs. Unless you're with your Man OR enjoy the Thrill of strangers knowing your WAXING cycle..... PLEASE COVER THE CLAM......#2). Be thoughtful about your heel choice! We all know high heels are cute but not so much on a broken ankle and those steep stairs are a death trap! I hear the drinks selection is great and was told the "Old Fashioned's" are especially good in the lounge. It truly does have that "Old New York" feel to it. When your table is ready the hostess will come upstairs to alert you. Rather than offering individual starters and main courses, The Stanton Social serves dishes that are designed for sharing among friends and are brought to the table steadily and continuously throughout the meal. The main dinning area is very romantic and great for all occasions. There is soft lighting and mahogany wooden walls that seem to glow as you enter. Dinnertime can be a bit on the crowded side SO get there early. We had: (.....I would like to point out that in retrospect this was a lot of food )Baked Spanakopita phyllo, spinach, feta, lemon aioli Tuna Poke Wonton Taco pomegranate molasses, thai basil, mint, lime, crushed wasabi peas Grilled Ovendried Tomato Pizzetta fresh mozzarella, grana, roasted garlic, chile oil Old School Meatballs basil & ricotta 'manicotti' Spaghettini Carbonara braised pork belly, sunny-side up quail egg French Onion Soup DumplingsSpaghettini Carbonara braised pork belly, sunny-side up quail egg Everything was amazing! Will definitely come back again!3.5 stars - delicious but way overpriced for the amount of food we got. My fiance and his brother had to have a second dinner soon after. Our waiter did recommend 6-8 dishes for the 3 of us. We thought he was just overestimating (like most restaurants/servers do). So instead we went with just 5 main dishes and saved room for dessertsRed Snapper Taco - I was expecting red snapper sashimi/poke in these tacos. Nevertheless, loved the combo of guac, mango, spicy mayo. Very similar to the tacos we got in Zengo. French onion soup dumplings - their signature dish - each order came with 6 in a escargot plate- delicious but wished the cheese was melted - it was somewhat lukewarm by the time it was served.Beef Wellington - the puff pastry was buttery and rich, the filet mignon + foie gras mousse however - lack of seasoning and no sign of the mousse.  Salmon - This was my favorite dish - I loved the pesto, sriracha crust - lots of unique flavor + texture, along with the cold soba noodle salad - was very refreshing. Surprised this wasn't a more popular dish. I really wished we had just ordered 5 of this dish.Scallop - my fav seafood on a bed of creamy risotto - can never go wrong. Loved the pan seared + seasoning. Might be close to one of the best scallop/risotto I've had.  Warm donuts - came with 3 dipping sauces - airy, very much like beignet - instead of being coated by powdered sugar, they were coated with white sugar. Each order came with 6 - definitely worth trying. Red Velvet Twinkie - red velvet anything is always amazing. Also worth trying - it's only $4 per twinkie!Service was on point, place + servers were gorgeous. The only thing that is deterring us from returning is the steep $. When I'm a ballin professional, will definitely return to check out their brunch menu.Normally, I write entire essays about disappointing dining experiences- but for this I'll keep it short and sweet because there isn't much to say. Overpriced, tiny portions, uppity host staff. I've heard so many great things about Stanton Social but maybe it's mostly coming from people who only care about the trendy vibe and atmosphere more than the food quality. All I know is that I paid way more than I should've for how hungry I left Stanton Social.Don't know what the fuss is about. People write essays about the place. Been there last night. Red snapper taco that people raved about was ok. We didn't really know what we were eating. Salmon was good. Burger was better than average but the fries was delicious. The place looks rather dull perhaps we were there too early.I came here for dinner Friday night with my boyfriend. I was really excited, having waited a while to come here. We had a reservation for 8:30 pm and were seated immediately, in the upstairs area. The restaurant was really busy, dimly lit and pretty loud. It was a fun atmosphere - great for a date as long as you can handle the noise.The service was great, however, the food was really sub par. We ordered:French onion soup dumplings - perhaps we experienced an off night - these were overly salty, served slightly cold and not at all tasty - we each had one and the rest were taken awayPierogies - these were pretty tasty but nothing very special - the caramelized onions served with it were quite tastySauteed mushrooms - these were the bomb! delicious, marinated, a bit salty, but really, really goodVeggie sliders - along with the mushrooms, the highlight of our meal! a very nice, savory veggie slider served with fresh salt and vinegar chipsLobster rolls - probably the worst thing we ordered - kind of tasteless, which was disappointing since there was a lot of lobster meatRed velvet twinkie - amazing! the cream cheese filling was heavenly and deliciousNot sure that we'll return - spending +$100 on dinner isn't something that I do more than once a month and I'd rather spend my money somewhere I'm pleased with more than half of the dishes I order.This is my "ideal" type of restaurant. Huge airy atmosphere, upbeat music playing in the background, lots of well dressed people.  The cocktail list involves a lot of whiskey/scotch and all the entrees are considered "small plates".  We had a reservation here for 9PM and didn't get seated till about 9:45....didn't bother us much since the bar scene here was pretty cool. I don't exactly remember all the things that we ordered, but I do remember the chicken/waffles and their scallops.  Both of them were great.  There wasn't something that we ordered which we regretted ordering.After downing literally every single cocktail on the list (i started from the top, she started from the bottom and we met each other half way) we decided to try the whiskey chocolate molten cake.  We weren't expecting it to be the best we ever had, and it wasn't....but it was still pretty dam good....Then we spent about 4 hours trying to find our car. :).I second what Dan B said. Had a birthday celebration on the mezzanine. Everyone LOVED the food. My favs were the gyro and chicken and waffles. Tasty tasty bites! Dumplings were great too. I actually want to go back to try even more of the menu. And the service was really impressive. Every time I called, and I called several times to adjust the reservation, they accommodated us & made arrangements. No nonsense. No BS. Just took care of it. Scott was on point making sure we were taken care of and comfortable, even after we retired upstairs for a cocktail. Samira was a great  - we actually stayed at a smaller table to keep her as our waitress and we were not disappointed. Nice ambience. Excellent food. Everyone commented that we made a great choice of venue. Thank you to the staff & kitchen for making it a great occasion!!!!!I went to stanton social with two of my friends last week on a Tuesday. I am still dreaming about the food. I mean, honestly, EVERYTHING we ate was amazing! And our waiter was probably one of the sweetest waiters I've had to date. She was attentive, gave us great suggestions on drinks, and was very accommodating. The food:1. Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies: If you come to stanton and you don't order these, you are seriously missing out. We could've eaten these for the rest of the night and been just as content with our meal. 2. French Onion Soup dumplings: while i understand this is what stanton is famous for, I thought these were good but they have better options on their menu. they definitely didn't live up to the expectation after reading all the yelp reviews. 3. Chicken Taquitos: also good but not great. 4. Sliders: We got the veggie, lobster roll, and kobe beef. the veggie and lobster roll were okay but the kobe beef was out of this world amazing.5. Chicken n Waffles: amazing!! i loved that they came in 4 small portions and i loved the taste of the syrup along with the louisiana hot sauce butter, great sweet and savory combo!The drinks we got were the strawberry fields, blood orange jalapeno margarita, and basil-lime gimlet. All the drinks were pretty strong and they were pretty good. We liked the strawberry fields the best. I can't wait to come back to this place!I had dinner Stanton social for very first time the dishes excellent did not disappoint me I loved all the food and the atmosphere and my date was pleased with the food looking forward to returning only thing be prepared the place is very noisy and loudOutstanding atmosphere, service, and food. Try the french onion soup dumplings and the chipotle maple fried chicken & waffles! A 'must visit' for anyone visiting Manhattan.My colleagues and I organized a Thursday dinner here for 19 people. We reserved the upper dining area, which was nice since we were somewhat removed from the packed downstairs. It cost $103 pp (w/o tax and tip) for a prix fixe dinner (of a ton of food) and open bar for 2.5 hours (one drink at a time and no shots). This was one of the best deals we found for such a large group dinner at short notice.Apps: red snapper tacos, french onion soup dumplings, potato & goat cheese pierogies, grilled cheese quesadilla. I thought the tacos and pierogies (esp with the creme fraiche) were the best! The dumplings were definitely interesting but more of a novelty dish for me- try once and never again.Entrees: Chicken n waffles, kobe beef sliders and pea crusted salmon. I didn't like the chicken n waffle; also it wasn't fried chicken which is what I'm used to when it comes to this combo dish. I had high expectations for the salmon but it was somewhat bland. The sliders were great though and hit the spot.SIdes: Herb frites were crazy addictive and I loved pairing them with the mayo dip. Mushrooms were very tasty as well.Desserts: Warm doughnuts, reverse chip cookies. I wish I could have enjoyed these more but I was so stuffed at this point. They were fantastic though; I should have stuffed some cookies in my purse and brought it home.Drinks: I got all the gin based ones-cranberry flower, brooklyn lemonade and gin-lemon mojito. The latter two are pretty similar and I enjoyed the cranberry flower the most.Service was great for such a big group. They kept the food coming and remembered all our drink orders correctly!People who have yet to fail me: Jesus and Chris Santos I LOVE beauty and essex and i was excited to go to the Stanton Social! I went on a gilt city deal and it was such a good experience.It was packed filled with a mixed crowd from model type girls in louboutins to FiDi workers to this one guy who i swore was in ed hardy. Of course, we had to wait for a table which was fine, I wanted to check out the bar upstairs. One bad thing is that the place is SMALL, for the amount of people that go there. The stairs going up to the bar was narrow and the bar area itself was small and jam packed. I had to yell my drink order and sandwich myself between to people to pay, I really don't like to work so hard to $14 per drink, nonetheless the drinks were strong! I liked mine, but my friend didn't like theirs, the drinks are good, but they don't taste amazing! The music was also really good, it was all hits, not really any mixes, but it was a lot of my favorite songs, they even played some DANCEHALL! which I LOVED! We were finally seated after about 30 min towards the front, which disappointed me a little, but the main dining room mostly had seats for bigger groups. The food was amazing! Our gilt city deal included four courses about 8 tapas and I was full by the second course. The service was good, nothing noteworthy. I ordered the "brooklyn lemonade" at the table and it was a bit of a disappointment. It tasted more like cucumber than lemonade. All in all it I would def go back!Best Food Ever! I make sure I got to this restaurant every couple of months. The brunch menu is as amazing as the dinner.I made reservations  for dinner on Friday, April 11th at 9pm for this place about 3 weeks in advance to celebrate my birthday while in NYC for the weekend. When we arrived at 8:45 that night, the boyfriend and I could barley make it to the hostess desk to check in. It was so packed! We were told to wait upstairs at the bar while our table was being prepared.  Once we made it through the huge crowd at the bar, I ordered the ruby jack and the bf got a hennessy sidecar. My drink was delicious and gone in minutes. After about 20 minutes, we decided to head back downstairs since no one had called us to our table yet. Luckily, our table was ready. Getting to our table proved difficult as the table arrangements in the area do not allow much room between the tables. A few people had to get up in order for us to walk by. Poor layout. Once seated, we decided to order 3 items on the menu to share. I picked the scallops, and fish and chips. My boyfriend picked the chicken taquitos. The highlight for me was the scallops served with risotto. The fish and chips was pretty good, as well. The taquitos were good, but not on the same level as the other two dishes. For dessert we ordered the warm doughnuts, which was basically fried dough rolled in sugar. It wasn't bad, but I have definitely had better.I love that the restaurant played music while we dined...this place has a great atmosphere and vibe. If only it wasn't so cramped!Came to dinner here with 7 friends. It was on our bucket list of restaurants so we were excited to get a reservation with short notice. This place operates in a two-wave manner - one round of reservations early, the other late, therefore they would not budge when we asked to push back our reservation by 30 minutes - annoying. Anyway, we were seated right away in a cozy booth. Within 30 seconds of sitting down a lifeless waiter came to take our drink orders (hadn't even taken off my coat), and he seemed annoyed when we said we needed a few minutes to look at the menu... We quickly realized that this restaurant tries to get everyone in and out in under 30 minutes. Sorry, but if I'm shelling out money for overpriced drinks and dishes ($14 cocktails, $18-$25 small plates), do NOT rush me. The food was good, don't get me wrong, but when paired with horrendous pompous waiters and a try-too-hard-to-be-a-club scene, I do not plan on returning.Went with the Gilt City voucher. I don't know if this sets a pretense with the staff that they automatically give you lesser service (even though we still tip on the full bill), but I was so put off by this place. 1. Our places were not set and our plates were literally tossed on our table to the side (not even placed in front of us). It was so abrupt it startled me mid conversation. 2. The waiter never came by and when he finally did, he took our drink orders and our menus and walked away without a smile. Well 1 - I didn't actually order a drink I asked for a recommendation. He tried to put in three cocktail orders for two people? Please just listen to me. 3. Food was mediocre and was again thrown on our table with deliberate force. The waiter aggressively moved our plates aside as we were still working on our food to put our next plates up. May times tried to take plates away that clearly weren't finished. 4. The dessert came with the bill unprompted. The whole experience made us feel rushed. Which obviously in turn made us inclined to tip less than we normally do at the 20% range. Self fulfilling prophecy. The FOOD was alright. Tastes good, but the service was horrendous. The DRINKS were excellent as well. But ... You go to a restaurant the first time to try the food. You go back for the service. Not returning.This restaurant was extremely dark, was barely able to see the menu! I was really looking forward to the Mac & cheese, but when I tried it I was very disappointed. I had a salmon entree and it was amazing! If you like salmon, you must try it! The popcorn shrimp was also very tasty! Stanton is good for groups, good portions to feed about 3 people per. Pricing is fair, but check your bank statement because my server billed me wrong! Nice atmosphere overall.This place is super chic and very hip.  Plus, there's plenty of cocktail options and shared plates to make everyone happy. However, if there's a wait for a table, I'd suggest waiting no more than 10 minutes because you're in the LES and there's plenty of places in this hood. I especially loved their crab cakes there.  Also, what's quite dangerous is when you arrive with a party of 5 (or more), the waiter can adjust each dish so that everyone gets their own portion. This then leads to a price markup on dishes you thought were cheap. Be warned and keep that in mind when dining here with a party larger than 3.Overall, the food was just ok but not great. This place is very very loud. You should only bring people here for dinner to avoid the awkward silence when there is nothing to talk about. I thought the tuna wonton was better than the snapper tacos that everyone is raving about on yelp. Nothing special about the oysters, Kobe sliders or warm donuts. Bottom line is, I was not impressed and I'm not eager to bring someone here for their bday.Full disclaimer off the bat, I did not eat here. I don't want to be one of those guys who gives a bad rec without eating and bases it solely on the service. In this case though I will make an exception. We made a reservation. We showed up 2 min before our designated time and the place was packed. We pushed to the front and told the hostess that we has a reservation. She said she would put our names on the list and let us know. She was not particularly friendly. What's the point of taking reservations if you are not going to honor them? We left after half hour. That being said the food did look quite good and we have heard great thins about the dishes there. So just be forewarned.Why are their hostesses so rude? Our server was  was great, but the girl at the stand needs to get her attitude in check.  We were are large group and spent over 1k and multiple people in the party commented how rude she was when they arrived. That said....This was for a birthday celebration and we were sitting in the the lounge area upstairs.   I would get a regular table next time as the lounge can be a bit trick with the limited table space for places and glasses. When you are a party of 10 or more they make you pre-fix the menu.  The amount of food was plenty, no one left hungry.  The timing of the courses and the service were great,  they perfectly spaced out all the courses so we took the entire 3 hours at the table and the staff was very attentive in keep the table cleared at all times.  This is always a safe bet for a fun dinner night out.Good food but way too rich and heavy that leaves you breathless for few hours, the service is too aggressive. Overall, not the most pleasant experience. One of our starters were snapper tacos that had a drop of a sauce on the side. I wanted to deep my taco into this sauce to have a full experience of the dish the way it was served, but as soon as we picked up tacos from the main serving plate, the stuff just grabbed this plate because I assume they thought we were finished with it. There was another little dish on our table I wasn't finished with and the stuff came to us 4 times asking, "Are finished?" I was still chewing my food when they came up and it bothered me because I was thinking to myself why would they ask me that if I was still chewing my food and my mouth was full to even respond? I couldn't relax and enjoy because I had to constantly protect the plates from being cleaned off the table too fast. When you spend roughly $80-$100 per person, the last thing you want is to be rushed. The food was good, but not amazing. I would give 5 stars on the presentation and 4 stars on the flavors and quality. We shared 5 dishes among 2 people + a desert and everything was so rich and heavy that we had a hard time digesting it after. My husband asked me to give him some kombucha to help with digestion, haha!The ambiance was nice and the vibe was great. Maybe because we had an early dinner, the music wasn't as loud as later. If only we were allowed to enjoy our dishes, I would've been much more happier and probably would've given 5 stars to this place. But aggressive service was just a HUGE MINUS to the overall experience that didn't allow us to truly appreciate the art of their food. I felt like I had to shovel the food down my throat and it shouldn't be like that in a restaurant of this caliber.Been dying for years to go to the Stanton Social. No tables were available so we went to the lounge area, we got a nice seat up there. Unlike the dining area the lounge area has loud music playing and a beautiful bar right up the stairs. So if you're looking for a quiet dinner the lounge may not be the best place to eat. The lounge ended up being perfect for us, we were four people. We pretty much ordered everything on the menu but some of the best were the French onion soup dumplings, spareribs, mac & cheese. Prices were reasonable and plates were easy to share, everything was to die for! This place is hopping so make a reservation on OpenTable in order to ensure a spaceOverpriced and crowded.  Our table was 5 inches from two couples on either side of us.  Not an enjoyable or relaxable atmosphere.  The food was decent, not spectacular.  The sliders we ordered were cold upon receiving them.  I just think this is one of those trendy places that's good for sorority girls or yuppies who go because the chef is mildly known for some reason I don't care.The food and atmosphere is great; however after I left and reviewed my receipt I noticed they take a CARBON COPY OF YOUR CREDIT/DEBIT CARD INFORMATION!  I'm talking a complete card number, full name, expiration date, etc.  Everything that is on the front of your card.  Everyone in my party had their information duplicated.  The worst part is that they put it on the back of the receipts and make no mention of it at all to their customer.We go through such great lengths today to protect ourselves from identify and credit theft and what Stanton Social is doing is a blatant disregard for their customer's privacy.  This goes against everything we work so hard towards protecting.My question for Stanton Social is; who has access to these copies?  What is the procedure for disposing of these?  Are they being shredded?  Why don't you advise your customers of this procedure?Bottom line is that this shout NOT be happening without a persons' consent or knowledge, ever.Thumbs down, Stanton Social; 2 thumbs down.\My husband surprised me on my birthday and took me here. I hadn't heard of it (live under a rock much?) but he said it got great reviews and now we both know why.We were waiting for a friend to join us, so chilled upstairs for a bit at the bar and in the lounge for some drinks. I had a basil lime gimlet which was incredible; so fresh and well-mixed. He had something I'm forgetting, but then changed it up to the Social Tea which all 3 of us ended up getting a second round of. Must get the Social Tea!For dinner we ordered ~7 plates to share (our server suggested 7-9, but 7 was plenty and we know how to pack it away).Everything came out at a good pace and service was very attentive. We never had a glass less than half full of water or an empty cocktail.*They are known for their french onion soup dumplings which should be eaten soon after arriving. We were deep in conversation about celeb sightings or elephants or something, so they sat too long and the cheese on top got a little hard. But that didn't stop us from shoveling them down our gullets; the flavors were incredible! A definite recommendation!We had the scallops with risotto which were tender and perfectly cooked.Mini gyros were really great; incredible flavor packed into a few-bite gyro.*The pork belly tacos were, omg, sooooo good! They didn't sit on the plate very long.Crab cake corn dogs were ok, but would try something different when we go back.The herbed fries were good fries, but just good; if you're in the mood for fries they won't disappoint.The vibe of this place is cool, trendy, comfortable; modern mixed with reclaimed antiques.I recommend this place for cocktails and a few small bites before hitting other bars. Can't wait to go back to nosh and sip again!Best things:***The Social Tea drink***Basil lime gimlet***French onion soup dumplings***Pork belly soft tacos***ServiceHad a nice time here with a bunch of friends on a Monday night. They have a bit of a scene that night, so it was interesting. It's probably a little bit dressier/loungier of a place than I typically end up, but not a bad thing at all.The bartenders were friendly and made strong drinks. The bouncers were a little terse if you accidentally tried stumbling into some of the tables on the edge of the top floor. Not sure about the restaurant on the bottom, that could be a review for another day.Don't go here if you're on a diet....DELISHHHH!!! Need to try the peorgies, warm donuts, and creme brûléeWent here for my Birthday in March on a Sunday. It was loud and busy, I really loved the atmosphere. The decor is perfect. We waited upstairs in the lounge and ordered a few cocktails until the rest of my party arrived. I forgot what I ordered but it was something peachy, strong & sweet. Worth the price. I knew the concept of this restaurant prior to coming here and was excited and open to it but my friends- not so much. Needless to say I enjoyed it the most, and it was my birthday so I didn't care. The French onion soup dumplings weren't as amazing as I thought they would be based on all the reviews. The red snapper tacos were really good, but the highlight of the meal was the shrimp & grits, hands down! Our waiter recommend them and I couldn't have thanked him more. They were delicious & a little spicy, which I loved, I ate all three. I can't wait to go back with a group of people a bit more open or familiar with tapas style restaurants or just a date night with the bf.I've been here on Mondays and upstairs in the lounge area but I've never not enjoyed myself! Food and drinks are always on point, my personal faves are the strawberry fields drink, the tacos, and doughnuts for dessert. And of course, service is top of the line! You must, must, must give Stanton a try!!!!!My brother and I went relatively early (between 5:30 and 6) on a Sunday night, but it got very busy not long after we arrived.  Definitely order the French onion soup dumplings --they were amazing, same with the pierogies.  The meat just fell off the bone of the cider & bourbon baby back ribs. They were succulent and very flavorful.  Just thinking about them makes my mouth water. I didn't taste the mango in the red snapper tacos, and they definitely have a delicate fish taste. If you don't like strong flavors that might be up your alley. For dessert we had warm donuts and the s'mores brûlée.  I would say the donuts are overrated, but the s'mores were scrumptious!! So yummy.  Service was great--absolutely professional. Just a tip, if you are a small two or  foursome don't expect any privacy, your cheek by jowl with your neighbor.I really enjoy the food here but the music & scene is super loud. Definitely not recommended if you're taking your parents (which I should have known). We all loved the French Onion Soup dumplings - they taste better than they smell - and the Tuna tacos and Chicken and Waffles are great as well. Our waitress was very nice and recommended 8 small plates for the 6 of us. We got 7 small plates and 2 lobster rolls, and then mid-way through got nervous it wouldn't be enough and ordered 2 more. It ended up that our original order would have been fine, because by the end we were more than full!Food was delicious. Setting was perfect. Gets really noisy and then it becomes hard to hear the people you're with. Other than that cool place.Sceney, but super delicious. I had a reservation for 10pm and was asked to head upstairs while we waited for the table. No problem. It was very crowded and felt like a lounge, which I suppose is cool. The hostess came up when our table was ready and we were seated along a wall in a row close to others and right under the speaker. They totally have a DJ and that was also a bit ehh for me. Oh well- our server approached our table and was super friendly and very down to earth- I always appreciate that at "trendy" places- she seemed like she was from the Midwest but she actually was from the Bay Area. That gave us something to talk about. She gave us recommendations for the small plates, letting us know she recommended certain things come out together at the same time, so we ordered everything at once. Brussel sprouts, lobster sliders, fish and chips, flatbread... just to name a few. This is actually one of the only tapas restaurants I left feeling absolutely full- I couldn't even come close to finishing my share.But what is with the SINGLE bathroom downstairs? There was always a line, and while I heard there was a bathroom upstairs I can't imagine that line is much better. I'd definitely return to try out different tapas, though LES isn't my favorite neighborhood in the city.Stanton Social is so very close to being a 5-star review for me, but there were a couple aspects that irked me.The menu is all tapas and it's recommended to order 5-6 for a table of 2. My boyfriend and I had 6, with room for dessert, and we were comfortably full for the rest of the night.Must haves:- French onion soup dumplings. Not much soup but still so rich and delicious. The concept itself is worth ordering.- Tuna poke wontons. These were presented in mini fried taco shells but the tuna was absolutely amazing. I don't think I've had tastier marinated raw tuna anywhere. - Sriracha and pea-crusted salmon. Very light and the beet and cold salad pairing was refreshing.- Spaghettini carbonara. So cute! Little individual mounds of spaghetti topped with pork belly and a quail egg. Absolutely delicious.Just OK:- Crabcake corn dogs. Awesome to try because I love crab cakes (yay Maryland) and corn dogs separately but these weren't mind blowing.- Beef Wellington. My first time trying anything with foie gras and I just don't think it was meant for me :/ the beef was cooked perfectly though. As for dessert, definitely get the bourbon hot chocolate shooters. We heard great things about the donuts but opted for salted caramel mousse with popcorn (!!) flavored ice cream. It was amazing and so unique.Cocktails: the ones with whiskey were SUPER STRONG and I loved my Strawberry Fields drink with citron Grey Goose. Worth the $13 per drink. Only complaint is that they really pack you in - we were literally inches from the tables next to us. Thankfully, there is loud music playing to mask conversations but it really only makes you talk louder... also we had the waiter's butt in our faces a few times, which wasn't too fun (no offense). The downstairs seemed WAY louder and chaotic than upstairs and there's a definite lounge vibe here. All in all, the food here is delightful and memorable. Would definitely come again! Perfect for a date or special occasions :)Liked everything, great drinks, gluten free menu and appetizers by the amount of people, super idea.Coming back.Trendy atmosphere and small plates, so you get to try a lot of different things (awesome), most of which are phenomenal.  The token order, the French Soup Dumplings were good but weren't a top 2 favorite for anyone at our table.  It's their most well known item not necessarily their best.  The Red Snapper Tacos & Crabcake Corndogs were reaaalllllyyyy good.  Gyros and pierogies were other table favorites.  Orders come out staggered so you have time to digest.  Nobody had room for dessert.  Drinks were delicious ($14/per).  Good people watching for when the conversation lulls.  Loved this place and will definitely be coming back.I came here 2 years ago for my birthday, and finally got the chance to come back again a couple weeks ago. It did not disappoint! My friend and I made reservations, but she was running late so we had to wait at the bar for a while to get a table. We got some really good cocktails upstairs (my fave. is the strawberry fields). We were finally seated, and ordered a bunch of tapas. Of course, I had to order the dumplings. I ordered a kobe beef slider, which was amazing. We also got the hand pulled arepas and the chicken and waffles. We finished off with some amazing dessert; the creme brulee and some sort of red velvet dessert. My friend that I brought here loved everything. :) It's a little loud and crowded here so I don't think it's good for a romantic date or if you're trying to have a serious conversation, but just to have fun and eat, I definitely recommend it!The service was good. The food was tasty. The drinks weren't bad at all. I really just feel like the price stole 2 or 3 stars.  Maybe this isn't supposed to be a dinner spot?Well...My tab for 2  with tax and tip for 5 cocktails and 5 plates in total somehow came out to be around $180 for finger food and simply OK cocktails. I was still hungry and not buzzed after unfortunately.If this was $100 total, I wouldn't really mind, but food the size of small appetizers shouldn't be $15-20 a plate. Cocktails in the LES shouldn't be $14 either. This is my opinion, but then again, Stanton Social is charging a bit much. The place had too much hype and just let me down when I finally got around to coming.So as a first timer our waiter asked my friend and I if we would like some suggestions. He immediately tells us that we should order five things off of the menu. I look at the prices and thought..."DEAMMMNNN"!Anyway, we ordered the Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies with caramelized onions, and truffle creme fraiche. ("Oh - My - God - Becky, look at those perogies...there so truffley"!) Just delicious!- Buffalo Chicken Oysters with horseradish-blue cheese, shaved cruditè. (These were pretty good and filling and perfect with a beer!)- Pan Roasted Scallops with chorizo & artichoke risotto. (HOT DEEAAMMMMNN! This was AMAZING! [voive of Biggie; "WHAATTT"!)  - The Stanton Social Beef Wellington: a grilled filet mignon, with foie gras mousse and mushrooms wrapped in puff pastry and we ordered a side of Miso Glazed Mushrooms  with mint & scallions to go with it. (Delicious, but I was expecting the filet to be a bit more tender).So the food was excellent. Be ready to spend a buck or two. The coctails were really good. Its a really nice layout but a little cramped.Went here on a Thursday night, just for a few drinks to catch up with an old friend on my first night in the city. Cool crowd, very trendy, mostly yuppies. Heard about this bar from a native New Yorker on my flight in from San Francisco, so figure I'd give it a try before heading to Pianos just around the corner.I ended up stopping by The Stanton Social 3 times on my short one-week trip to NYC. Now, maybe it's because I'm originally from the East Coast and dig the vibe, maybe it's because there were so many more girls compared to guys, or maybe this place was actually that good - I couldn't tell you, but I'm sure I'll be back on the next trip.This is one of my favorite restaurants in the city. The prices are a bit steep, but that comes with the territory of a popular, trendy, downtown restaurant. My favorite things on the menu are the grilled pesto-crusted salmon and soba noodles (AMAZING!) and veggie burger sliders. Creative drink menu and delicious deserts as well.The place is very trendy and hip. Feels like a club late night but just a nice restaurant any other time of day.I came here with a girlfriend for brunch on a Saturday and the place was packed! We were able to get seated but they won't seat you until most of your party is there. It's a fancy, cozy and pretty place. Space is TIGHT though.We ordered the French onion dumpling soup and Tostones with pulled pork with some bellinis! The food is good but too bad the dumpling soup was cold. Felt like it was sitting out for a while. The tostones were amazing. Would have ordered two if I wasn't full from the drink.Prior to having brunch here, I would have given this place 4 stars. This is really more of a 3.5. Overall the food is decent, some interesting things on the menu. But it's OK, nothing amazing. The ambience is good, and can be 'fun'. Generally reservations are easy to make and you get seated promptly. The dinner is much better than the brunch. Don't go for the brunch. The french soup dumplings are different, but very salty and heavy. The Spaghettini Carbonara was pretty good otherwise nothing really stood out. For dessert, the donuts are pretty damn good. The dessert shot that was had was really yummy. Loved the smores creme brulee. For brunch, the banana pancakes were pretty good, and the lobster benedict. The taquitos were OK. The chicken and waffles are really nothing special. They tell you to over order, suggesting 2-3 dishes per person. Depending on what you order, this can be really way too much food. We ordered 1.5 pp for dinner it was perfect. We ordered 2pp for brunch and it was too much. Especially if you order the more expensive items, count those as 2.Came here to take a birthday boy out for dinner. It's a really nice place for birthdays, date nights and even an engagement. A guy proposed to his girlfriend and the whole restaurant cheered him on! Woohoo! One thing that I noticed during the night was that the person at the next table was literally sitting 5 inches next to me. You don't really get privacy and you basically know everyone's business (Didn't really bother me much, but I know it might be annoying for others). However, it's a small place so I get that they're trying to pack as many table in as possible. The upstair lounge area was a lot less crowded and quieter. I suggest you head up there if you're only going for a drinks. Now on to the food:1) We started off with some cocktails and wine. I ordered a Selbach German Riesling (which was delicious) and he ordered the Summer Centennial (and they did not cheap out on the whiskey). 2) We had complimentary celery root soup. I'm not a fan of celery, so it was a bit off for me. 3) Red Snapper Tacos were amazing! They sprinkled avocado and mango salsa on top. Just FYI: The next table told us that the Braised Short Rib Soft Tacos was not a very good option. (Like I mentioned, everyone knew each other's business...haha)4) Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies were DELICIOUS! The truffle creme fraiche really made my day! It had a cool and refreshing taste to it. I wanted to dip that sauce in everything. 5) Butternut Squash Ravioli was probably the best dish of the night. The butternut squash puree had so much flavor to it. 6) Kobe Beef Burger was cooked medium rare was very juicy and tender. But for $8 for a single mini burger was ridiculously priced. 7) Same goes for the Rhode Island Lobster Roll was $10 for a little roll. Although it was delicious, I could have gone to Luke's Lobster and gotten a gigantic roll (with 4x the lobster meat) for $15. 8) Spaghettini Carbonara was okay. The pork belly was very crispy and flavorful and the quail egg was really adorable on the dish. However, pasta is just pasta at the end of the day. They were sticking to each other like glue. I think if they used spaghetti squash it would have been more unique.9) Chicken n' Waffles was decent. The waffle was made with a thick and heavily dense dough. It was fluffy and I wanted a lighter batch, but that's all based on preference. Parts of the chicken was dry and bland and the other part was salty. 10) Cider & Bourbon Heritage: This was probably my least favorite dish. I felt like the sauce overpowered the taste of the spare ribs. Last but not least, DESSERTS! I had asked the waiter if he could put a little candle on our dessert since it was a birthday surprise. As he was taking our order for dessert, I looked up to stare at him (as a reminder for the candle) and he just winked back at me letting me know everything was taken care of (cutest waiter ever!!!!!). 11) Milk Chocolate Salted Caramel Mousse was not bad. It felt more like a chocolate sandwich, but the salted caramel popcorn they used were delicious. I would have been satisfied with the popcorn itself. Everyone else was ordering the Warm Doughnuts and that looked AWESOME! 12) Our lovely waiter sent the birthday boy a chocolate cupcake with a little candle (just like I asked for) and that just ended our night beautifully! I was happy with the result. **Just a note: Overall, the dinner was amazing and I wouldn't have changed it one bit. However, just a note, I came here a month ago to make reservations and this asian hostess gave me the nastiest attitude when making reservations. Also, you have to make reservations in advance. I originally wanted a dinner reservations for 2 at 7pm on Thursday, Dec 19 and they were all full and only had a 10:30pm opening (and this was a month in advance. I didn't think thursday was such a hot night).My expectations for The Stanton Social were both high and low...the legend of this restaurant, and the outstanding Yelp reviews got me really excited for my book club holiday party. But at the same time, how can a restaurant really live up to all this hype, years after opening?Well, The Stanton Social exceeded even my highest expectations! Thanks to my fellow Yelpers, I knew that the space overall would be pretty small and that we'd be sitting pretty much on top of each other, as well as our neighboring tables. This was indeed the case...we were packed in like sardines, but somehow it was OK. The two story high ceilings really open up the space, and the low lighting and banquet tables make things feel intimate. Though a few from our group of seven had been to the restaurant before, a couple of us, myself included, were newbies. So the waitress took us through the menu and explained how everything is small plates. She also said that though some dishes come with just 4 or 5 items, she could make sure that we got 7 of each thing so we could all taste every dish. What a brilliant policy!We started with some yummy cocktails...I loved the Strawberry Fields ($13) cocktail of Grey Goose Citron and strawberries. Then we dove into the menu ordering the following:--French Onion Soup Dumplings (AMAZING!)--Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies --Old School Meatballs --Butternut Squash Ravioli--Chicken and Waffles (my fave of the night)--Crabcake Corn Dogs--Mac & Cheese with Chorizo--Tuna Poke Wonton TacosEverything was delicious, unique and fun! The whole meal was well-paced, since the dishes are served as they become available. I absolutely loved the French Onion Soup Dumplings and the Chicken and Waffles. And I had three helpings of the Mac & Cheese. After dinner, we did our gift exchange and samples the Warm Donuts with Dipping Sauces (chocolate, caramel, strawberry). So good!And if you can believe it...our bill came to just $60 a person...this is a great place for a group of fun people who like good food, good drinks and good conversation! I think I may have my next birthday dinner here!Solid, unique dishes in a.. unique environment.We stopped by as part of a party of 4 on a weekday evening around 7 PM, but there were no tables available downstairs, so we sat upstairs in their lounge area and dined there. We split a bunch of dishes, which the server cared to make sure that we received four pieces per dish instead of the customary three, which we appreciated. We ordered the following:Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies - decentFrench Onion Soup Dumplings - unique, and quite tastyRed Snapper Tacos - decent, but the shells not as freshSpicy Lamb Souvlakis - tender and tastyPork Belly Soft Tacos - very tender and with a tasty sauceChicken n' Waffles - very tasty, the chicken tender that went very well with the waffle, probably my favoriteThe Stanton Social Beef Wellington - also very tasty with unique flavorsThe lounge area was not ideal for a meal, but it works well for small groups and is probably suited for small to medium groups that want to enjoy good food in a loud-ish atmosphere. It's not the cheapest meal around, but you're paying up for the different food too. A place worth returning to, either for the food at an actual table or for the atmosphere.Went there for dinner with a couple of friends tonight. This place was way too noisy, we can hardly here each other. Very uncomfortable dinner we had. We can't stand it, rush to finish our dinner and didn't even order dessert! The food tasted so so, not worth for the price. Tacos from food trucks taste a lot better! Samantha G was right, the hostess was a BITCH.Another place that clearly thinks a lot about itself.I'll keep this one brief - the upshot, like a lot of tapas places, there are some good dishes and some bad dishes.  Nothing wowed me here, especially the service, I was going to give the place 3 stars, it was doing fine.And then they screwed up a food allergy for the mrs and did nothing to make it OK other than saying sorry.They said they have a gluten free menu, ordered the lobster rolls off it - apparently they don't have any gluten-free buns... so they came out on regular bread, except you couldn't tell it was regular bread because it sucked just like gluten-free bread.  We were 1/2 way through eating them when the waitress came out and yelled 'oh no stop eating those, they aren't supposed to have a roll'  well then why call them a lobster ROLL?She apologized and sent the manager over 'I hear you have a problem'  yeah guy we do, you guys screwed up.  So he apologizes and then that's it.No we're sorry you're going to be throwing up tonight because we're too stupid to follow our own gluten-free menu, no here are some drinks or come back on us or anything.  But of course, this place is so cool they can be inconsiderate.Yes, the food here is amazing. The Good:-French onion soup dumplings are awesome, as long as you don't mind tasting that oniony taste for the rest of the night. -The red snapper fish tacos are definitely the best thing I've tried so far. They come in batches of 4 but I could easily eat 10 and call it dinner. -The pierogies are also extremely tasty.The Bad:-The brie quesadilla was tasteless after eating the extremely tasty dishes mentioned above. The tortillas were soggy and it just wasn't worth eating. Skip them, there are too many other good things on the menu.-The major problem I had with my experience at The Stanton Social is that my date and I were rushed out after LITERALLY 30 minutes. I was very disappointed to have eaten such a delicious, EXPENSIVE meal only to be rushed out like we were inconveniencing the staff.Unfortunately because it was a 30 minute meal...I will not be going back. I'll learn to make my own french onion soup dumplings and eat them as sllloooowwwlllyyyyy as I please.Recently celebrated my birthday here. They were so extremely accommodating and nice. I had two guests surprise me and they made room for them right away and assured me that everything was fine when I was panicking. The food was phenomenal. We opted for a prix fixe menu and all of my guest loved and raved about the food. I was concerned that it was pricey and that people may complain but everyone said it was worth it.Here's what we were served: baked spanakopita, french onion soup dumplings, popcorn shrimp, pizzetta, kobe beef burgers, lobster rolls, baby back ribs, fries, baby carrots, warm donuts and cookies.It was all great and we all left full - there was plenty of food for all of us. I am definitely going to go back one night and try the other things on their menu.Parking is a nightmare in this area so public transportation is highly suggested.I came back again to the Stanton Social last week and oh my goodness, it never disappoints! For my cocktail I got strawberry fields which was so delicious! Very sweet but just right! My friend and I shared some dishes: miso mushrooms, salmon, goat cheese perogies, French onion soup dumplings, and Mac n cheese. Everything was absolutely scrumptious! If you like truffles then the goat cheese perogies are a must. The Mac n cheese was a bit spicy since they add peppers and chorizo but it's so good! I love the miso mushrooms as they are a bit sweet. The salmon is a good size to share between 2 people. And of course, their signature item are the dumplings, they are a must try! The service is great and the prices are reasonable for the food and experience. I can't wait to go back!I came here one weekday evening for a lovely school fundraiser.  After reading some Yelp reviews, I was excited to partake on some of these tapas.But honestly, I thought it was "A-OK".  First off, I had a reservation but yet when I got there on time, after a "coat check must", I was told to go wait upstairs in the bar area and I would be called when my table was ready.  It's winter.  It's cold.  They took my coat away, asked us to wait in an upstairs bar that was drafty.  Yes, I ordered something from the bar BUT it was cold upstairs too that frankly I really didn't want to order a cold beverage.Anyway, after 15 minutes, we got called to our table, on the second floor.  I thought the first floor was very pretty, with the seductive lighting.  But noooo, we were sat upstairs, near the back stairs, and once again it was drafty.  But the idea that I was there for a fundraiser made me eliminate these annoyances.So the very nice waiter comes over and introduces himself and talks about the menu.  Suggests we order about 5 to 6 dishes. Something told me 3 or 4 would be suffice. I saw most people who were leaving walking away with doggie bags.  Chances are the waitstaff are told to suggest nothing less than 5 (for a table of two people) so the bill can be set to a minimum.  I think they should let people decide what they want to order based on hit items.  And so we did, we ordered what we wanted.Anyhooo....on to the FOUR (not FIVE; yet filling) dishes.  We ordered:- Red Snapper Tacos - very tasty and yummy!- French Onion Soup Dumplings - not the hype we expected, it was just ok!- Social Mac and Cheese - yummy but I had enough after a while- Chicken and Waffles - yummy; perfect for splittingI was full.  So was my boyfriend.  Realizing we were told to order nothing less than 5 dishes, we were happy that we stuck with just 4, especially when it came to our "pockets", even though we were there for a fundraiser.I did want to pop my head into the kitchen and see if Chris Santos was available, just to give feedback and offer my thanks on holding this fundraising and matching the numbers to give back to the school, but it was crowded, we were tired, our bellies were full, and it was a weekday evening and yet had to get ready for another day.  Until next time...Had a reservation here at 6 and was asked to leave for the next group to be seated after an hour and half. This was for a birthday dinner. Talk about poor management. Definitely will not be coming back. Oh btw food was decent....Super trendy and delicious food. Portions were a little small on some of the dishes (3 butternut squash ravioli for $15? You can default to 4, come on Stanton Social) but were mostly fine. I came with a group of 4 and we ordered 8 dishes and 2 desserts and that was plenty of food. I probably could've had a few more, but I can also eat 3000+ calories in a single sitting, so for normal people unlike myself 2-3 dishes a person seems like optimal ordering strategy. The Best -Butternut Squash Ravioli Potato and Goat Cheese PierogiesThe Very Good -French Onion Soup DumplingsMac n CheeseChicken ArepasBaby Back RibsThe Good/Ok -Red Snapper TacosPork Belly TacosThe much hyped French Onion Soup dumplings were incredibly tasty but served in an escargot-style serving dish that made it very difficult to remove them. The cheese had congealed on the top and we had to perform some dumpling surgery to extract them. The squash ravioli and pierogies were elite and I'd order doubles of those next time. The ribs were falling off the bone (and were the most generous portion of the night) but the sauce was a little heavy and sweet for me. Both tacos were solid but not something I'd order again. Had the doughnuts and trio sundaes for dessert and both were predictably awesome. Seriously, if you don't like fancy little doughnuts with a bunch of dipping sauces you basically can't be a functioning member of society in 2014. God bless America.Great vibe! Loved the service as they were very attentive. I never had a dirty plate because they kept on switching it for me. It was a bit loud but this to be expected in a popular Manhattan restaurant! I liked that they had round tables because it makes for a more intimate dining experience. Everything we had was delicious, no doubt.Great selection of wine and drinks.They also have a coat check service but unfortunately, the girl working it was rude and not attentive. She went back to her phone any chance she could get and when it got busier, she was hidden behind the coats. We had to say excuse me several times before she looked up.This place was really the sh!t's t!ts when it comes to brunches. Not just brunches on this trip; every brunch I've ever had. Yes, I came here because Chris Santos owns it, but I gave it 5 stars because it deserves it. 1 - The service. Top notch. It could have been that our server was from California and hadn't absorbed the NY attitude yet, but I'll take it. So impressive I actually wrote the restaurant an e-mail about how wonderful she was. 2 - The food. The f'in food. Pancakes, pierogies and benedicts, oh my! That was to start. 3 of us went through 8 small plates., all excellent.  French onion soup dumplings...amazing. Yes. Soup...inside of a dumpling. Mind - blown! Go. Now. Do iiiiiiiit!I wouldn't say everything was good but some of the good stuff was great and the variety was impressive.Let's get out the problems first. Also these problems aren't fatal and I think could be fixed with a little thinking.French Onion Soup Dumplings - very cool idea but there has to be someway to make sure the soup does't leak out. Like XLB, the best part is the splash of the soup in your mouth but most of our dumplings leaked. Maybe bake them on top of spoons or something? The toothpick through them, while looking cool probably doesn't help either.Kobe beef slider - tastes good b/c the ingredients are good but I'm not sure where the value added was.Things I liked: Crabcake corndogs! These suckers had a lot of crab in them and not cheap tasting crab either. Very sweet.Pierogis are very solid, great dipping sauce.Beef Wellington - little foie for your face and it's great. Maybe my favorite thing and the one I was saddest to share with my friends.We've often heard, "sharing is caring". On the Lower East Side, The Stanton Social has those same sentiments. The idea behind this restaurant is, to serve everything as small plates to allow a more family-style dining experience, trying lots of things.I had their Sriracha Pea Crusted Salmon (asian pesto and soba noodle-beet salad). This dish was amazing, and, if you're in similar shoes to mine (which are usually a pair of Dr. Martens), it makes for a perfect portion for a solo entree. The salmon is delicate and light, but really jumps to another level with the crusting which gives it a really nice texture and flavor contrast. It's a bit more sweet than spicy, but definitely delicious. The salmon is placed atop a little bed of the soba noodles, savory and flavorful, and when mixed with a bit of the pesto, it really gives this dish another dimension.I really liked this place.We went here for a bachelorette party dinner, and I think the atmosphere was perfect.  When we first arrived, we had a reservation, but were asked to wait upstairs at the bar area until our table was ready.  This was the only real problem I saw with the setup, as the bar area was very tiny and crowded and the bouncer kept pushing through and asking everyone to move to the side.  There was barely any "side" to move to, so we stood in a corner holding our ground for 20 minutes or so until the hostess came up to tell us our table was ready.The food was random but delicious.  Highlights of the meal were the pork belly tacos, the chicken and waffles, and the donuts and s'mores creme brulee for dessert.  I wasn't really crazy about the "famous" french onion soup dumplings; they lacked flavor and just didn't blow me away.Big props to the DJ for rocking an excellent mix of mid-2000s hip hop/dance music all night.  He really played to the early 30s crowd and we were singing along to all our old college jams.  Good place for a fun and lively dinner out.I've been here many years ago but I didn't know yelp then so I couldn't write my review. A friend and I recently purchased the gilt city deal for this place and quite honestly, I don't think we saved that much. I really still enjoyed the french onion soup dumplings so very much! The spinach salad was tasty too. I thought the flatbread pizza could use a bit of salt. The apps which included: pierogies (amazing), arepas (not bad), snapper tacos (okay). I must say the second best dish was the warm doughnuts! wow I love the raspberry sauce too! Overall, the only difference is I remember seeing more model like people there and perhaps I was eating dinner earlier (at 8pm Friday) but there weren't as many eye candy...If you ever watched an episode of Chopped then you know Chris Santos doesn't play when it comes to the quality if food a Chef presents. Food and service doesn't miss a beat at The Stanton Social. V-Day and My Birthday was spent here and I can't wait to go again.Make life easier, make a reservation.Just like any Tapas, you and a guess are good to share 4 dishes.Be a fat ass and get the warm doughnuts with dipping sauce for desertMy friend treated me to an early birthday celebration. Yayy!!!My friend made reservations, but we still had to wait a few minutes before we got a table. This place is really gorgeous. A beautiful candle lit environment. A little loud, but a Good place for a date night, family dinner, or a group gathering. Apparently this is also a good place to purpose to your love one. Saw a man purpose to his girlfriend next to our table. This is a tapas place. In terms of ordering, I'd say go with your gut feeling. 1. I ordered the Centennial- pineapple infused Stranahan's, Colorado Whiskey, fresh pineapple, coriander syrup, fresh lemon. Lots of Whiskey is all I have to say. 2. To start, they gave us a complementary Celery Root soup. I like celery, but this was an okay soup. 3. Red Snapper Tacos with creamy avocado and spicy mango. Good flavor. I like the kick from spicy mango. 4. Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies- caramelized onions, truffle creme fraiche. A great dish. I definitely like this one a lot. Dip the pierogies in the truffle creme fraiche and its oh so good. 5. Kobe Beef Burger (medium rare)- Juicy and delicious tasting burger. 6. Rhode Island Lobster Roll- I like lobster, so I was curious what this would this was like. It was okay, maybe above average tasting Lobster Roll. 7. Cider & Bourbon Heritage Baby Back Ribs- my friend said it was burnt, but it tasted alright. Not crazy about this dish. 8. Chicken and Waffles- brick pressed chicken, aged cheddar waffle,corn pudding, balsamic spiked maple syrup. The Chicken tasted good, but the waffle was definitely the best part of this dish. 9. Butternut Squash Ravioli- vanilla brown butter, crispy sage,toasted squash seeds. A delicious sweet ravioli. Best part of my meal. Absolutely enjoyed this dish the most. 10. Spaghettini Carbonara- braised pork belly, sunny-side up quail egg. Not bad. If they could have done something with the spaghetti or use something else, it probably would have tasted better. Dessert time.11. Milk Chocolate Salted Caramel Mousse- brownie, caramel popcorn, popcorn ice cream. A little too sweet is all I have to say. Too much milk chocolate, in my opinion. 12. My friend and Stanton Social surprised me with special Birthday Cupcake. Yayy!!! What do you get when add all those up. MAJOR FOOD COMA!!! I definitely OD when I ordered.My favorite dishes were the Butternut Squash Ravioli, Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies, Kobe Beef Burger, the Red Snapper Tacos, and of course my surprise birthday cupcake. The food was 4 stars, but since my friend and Stanton Social made my birthday extra special I will give them a 1/2 star. Oh wait, you can't give 1/2 stars. Ok 5 stars it is. Service was really great. I definitely enjoyed my meal. I had a great time.Wow - this place is awesome. We don't have anything like this in SF. It's like a club when you walk in.... the music is bumping, and it has this dark and sexy feeling.The food is basically like tapas style, and since we had a large table, we ordered a bunch of things to share. But, of the things we shared there are two things on this menu that you NEED to order if you come here: the French onion soup dumpling, and the goat cheese pierogies. Holy shinto these are amazing! I never imagined French onion soup turned into a dumpling, but they did it, and it's an awesome little bite of soup in your mouth. It kind of reminds me of shanghai dumplings. The pierogies are just delicious and they melt in your mouth. We also ordered the fish tacos, the chicken and waffles, the mac & cheese - and all of these were awesome too. It's a trendy place, with great food, and I would definitely recommend coming here for any special occasions!I can't believe I've never written a review about Stanton Social since it's been one of my favorite restaurants since I moved to the city in 2006.  Whenever I have to pick a place for a small group, Stanton Social is usually on the top of my list and it always ends up scoring points with everyone.  It's exactly what people look for from a NYC restaurant.  Here's why:Location: LES is now chic and gives the grimy NYC factor that people long for from the days of old.Vibe: Trendy to the max.  Loud music, mood lighting and beautiful people.  Not pompous but you'll know you are either in NYC, Miami or LA when dining here.Service: Knowledgeable, attentive, cool.Bar: Speakeasy quality drinks.  The upstairs bar kind of feels like a speakeasy with the heavy steel door.  Cool lounge seating for casual drinks and snacks.  Food: Excellent.  Quality ingredients expertly and ingeniously prepared offering plentiful options for even the pickiest of eaters.  Tapas style which is my favorite because you get to try multiple dishes.Value: Not great but not over the top.  You are certainly getting what you pay for here.  Best thing on the menu are the pierogies with the truffle cream.  Don't miss these!  You can't go wrong with anything though.  I guarantee a fantastic dining experience from start to finish.Words can't express how good the food here. I would have given 5 stars if the experience was better. Let me just get my favorites out the way hands down the Kobe beef burgers and the French onion dumplings so...damn....good. Service is a little lacking, only reason why I didn't give 5 stars, hostess was condescending, bartender at the bar while waiting for my table  was an order taking machine nothing more(drinks were delicious though) I han the strawberry fields I think it was called, server was kind and checked up accordingly. Not the best experience but not the worst. Food makes up for everything.Obnoxious service- barely there food- nasty and anti-social crowdI would say maybe I am too old- but my 30-something friends felt as I did - "lets get the hell out of here"Rude servers- and really not nice people- acoustics made it impossible to have a conversationNever againFrench onion soup dumplings are what heaven should be like!Well, I would walk 500 miles and I would walk 500 more. Okay, maybe not that far, but I did walk here all the way from the upper east side just to try the famed French Onion Soup dumplings. I also waited outside for about 45 minutes until they opened just to try the famed French Onion Soup dumplings. I hoped these stinkin' dumplings were worth the effort. Spoiler alert: they were. I got inside and the decor was absolutely stunning. It's totally the upscale-looking place I would take my wife to enjoy dinner and drinks, or sit around having cocktails with friends. Unfortunately, I didn't have the opportunity to explore the menu. I ordered one cocktail, which was tasty, and those dumplings. I sat at the bar. Everyone was getting ready for a major party downstairs in the lounge/restaurant area, but the upstairs bar was open for business. At 5 p.m. on a Thursday, I was the only person there, and not really concerned about it. I was on a mission and dumplings was its name. The bartender was friendly, and knew I was a little out of place. This isn't the place you really hang out by yourself, and my clothes didn't really match the upscale chic look of the establishment either. I was in grubby tourst mode and don't even want to tell you what I had on. The dumplings took about 15 minutes to come out, which gave me time to relax and catch my breath. Bubbling with hot melted cheese, each one explodes in your mouth with delicious flavor. They aren't soupy, tho. They're just the right combination of liquid and texture. The saltiness mixes well with the sweetness of the onions. In a word? Delicious. I would absolutely return, bring friends, and nicer clothes. I am certain the rest of the menu is equally delicious as those dumplings.So much fun, loud and boisterous was very very fun night enhanced by delicious small plates- French onion dumplings were awesomeThe Stanton Social is fabulous for brunch! Went here with 2 friends on a Sunday and we got 6 small plates to share. The food, drinks, and small plates style are all fantastic. My favorite dishes were the huevos rancheros, potato and goat cheese pierogies, and carmelized banana pancakes. All were perfect for sharing and slightly unique. We went with 5 savory and then had the carmelized banana pancakes come out at the end as "dessert," which worked perfectly.Unfortunately, the restaurant is just a little too loud and crowded, and the service is a bit slow, which makes the restaurant a 4-star instead of a 5-star. However, dining at The Stanton Social is absolutely a memorable experience and is a great choice if you want to do something a little different. Can't wait to go back and try it for dinner as well!TIP: Get the brunch cocktails--they are so tasty and pair well with the small plates!TIP: Don't call them tapas (versus small plates). The waiters WILL correct you.Pardon me while I just drool thinking about the wonderful bites I had to eat here last night. Chris Santos done did it again! Cue of the round of applause. Literally everything here is oh so delicious and those blood orange jalapeno margaritas are so magical that you can't just have two! While I didn't get to have one of everything as I tipped on my check-in, I did have the following items and they were all really really wonderful:-quesadillas-tuna wontons-perogies-doughnuts-twinkies and a bunch of other items that left me smiling from ear to ear. If you've never come here and you enjoy a fusion of flavors, you are definitely passing up a great party for your taste-buds. The service is impeccable and so is the space. It's a tiny restaurant and it gets busy pretty quickly. I suggest arriving before 6 if you want to eat and savor all the flavors on your plate. Good luck and God speed fellow foodies.Came a few weeks ago.  We had a reservation for 9pm but didn't end up sitting down until 9:45. There isn't much space to wait around for a table, so to begin with I was feeling a little claustrophobic.  We finally sit down and are given a table right in the middle of the restaurant.  All the tables are close together with little wiggle room to walk between.  The atmosphere is great, it's dark, candle lit, etc.  For a Friday night at 9:45pm though, I have to say the music was a bit loud.  How loud? Well for someone who enjoys going out to clubs, bars, concerts, etc,...it was about as loud as going to a club.  It was hard to have a conversation with someone 2 feet away from me.  Sure, if this was a bar or club...I'd be fine with it.  But for me, a guy eating several tapas courses...the music could have been just a bit lower.  I did enjoy the music they were playing though, and found it hilarious that some people there were dancing in their seats.  Next onto the food, I found it very overrated.  For the prices and portions, it just wasn't that good.  Sure, none of the food was horrible....but for the swankiness and high expectations I had for this place...my experience came nothing close.  The only thing I say is worth coming for is the french onion soup wontons.  Do yourself a favor and get a table near the bar upstairs, order a few drinks and get an order of these wontons per person.  They are unique and delicious and well worth the hype.Came here with friends and had a blast. Great atmosphere and vibe. I noticed other reviews complained about the music being too loud but I thought it was fitting for the area. Even though you are raising your voice to talk with your peers at least the music manages to drown out your neighboring table. I much rather have music playing in the background instead of hearing about some nonsense drama.Food was good but not great. However, the French Onion Wanton Soup and warm Doughnut was slammin'! The best part of the night was when we were done with dinner and still wanted to hang around at the bar. Wife didn't want another drink so she just ordered water. Bar tender gave it to her in a martini glass "shaken not stirred".....someone got a good tip for creativity. I would go backCame here on a double date and had a great time. It's a hoppin place. Music was pretty loud and we got lucky to snag a rounded corner table so we could actually hear each other talk. We had a 7:45 reservation and had to wait about 20 minutes to be seated once we got there. The Strawberry Fields cocktail is delicious with lots of fresh strawberries inside. We ordered a ton of food but the highlights for me included:- Potato and Goat Cheese Pierogies - Ahi tuna poke- Kobe Beef Burger- Butternut Squash Ravioli Nothing was mind blowing but everything was pretty good. Aside from the LES being a pain to get to, I would come back again in a group setting.This place is just so much FUN to eat at!The decor is most definitely trendy and the menu was exciting to peruse through.Here's how I would rank the dishes we ordered:1. French Onion Soup Dumplings ($12) - literally french onion soup in wonton! delicious2. Braised Short Rib Soft Tacos ($19) - flavorful tender meat3. Social Mac & Cheese ($12) - chorizo and mac&cheese? done.4. Maryland Jumbo Lump Crabcake Corndogs ($13) - tasted too much doughYes, they get super busy and yes, they get super crowded.But I can't wait to come back to try everything else on the menu! Perfect place to have a girls night out with tasty food and yummy girly drinks.I enjoyed the food but no way can I give Stanton Social more than 3 stars. My group of 4 had to wait 45 minutes before being seated, albeit it was a busy Saturday night so I was going to give the host table the benefit of doubt; however, judging by many of the other reviews it appears as though this is a frequent occurrence. So definitely something to keep in mind when choosing your weekend dinner location.I was pleasantly surprised by the portions of the dishes since SS markets itself as a "tapas" restaurant. There are tons of options on the menu -- too many, in my opinion, as it's clear this place has no discernible expertise or focus...but my friends loved the variety so guess you just have to know your audience beforehand. We shared the below offerings (with rosé in hand) over the course of the evening:- 2 orders of goat cheese pirogues- 2 orders of french onion soup dumplings - lobster roll- crab cake corn dogs- 2 orders of herbed fries- pulled chicken open-faced arepas- mac and cheeseAll dishes were satisfying (and all were heart-stoppingly caloric), and the service was fine once we were seated. My final complaint is that the music was playing at such a death defying decibel that we found ourselves shouting at each other like old folks at a bingo tournament. I'm usually a huge proponent of bumping the mealtime jams, but this was too much. Also I think I heard some Flo Rida. Ultimately my main takeaway would be to check out Stanton Social at your own risk. There are plenty of other LES restaurants that blow this place out of the water.The decor was nice and very trendy, but i feel the word trendy follows through their food, and it unfortunately does not execute this mantra the staff seems to follow.Most of the food was very forgetful and lacked in flavor, but was instead showered in salt to compensate for the lackluster pieces they call food. It all looked good on paper or when presented, but didn't seem to forge a lasting impression on me.The only thing I ordered on the menu that was remotely enjoyable were their donuts. Pretty simple and served with several sauces.I wish I could've enjoyed this more but was left partially satisfied.Came here Monday night because I was craving French onion soup dumplings! I love it here, so cozy, dark, trendy but in a low-key kind of way.Food is tapas style (similar to Beauty & Essex) and ordered a bunch to share! I took off one star because yes it can get pricey!My favorites are French onion soup dumplings ( can never have just one, it's about 6 per order so do yourself a favor and order more!), truffle goat cheese pierogies (truffle!!!!! - I started dipping everything into this yummy truffle goat cheese), and herb dusted fries (should be called crack dusted) Do get me wrong, others were great too like braised short rib tacos, fish tacos, Brussels sprouts, Mac and cheese.... List goes on but what keeps me coming back and dreaming of Stanton social are those damn soup dumplings and pierogies!!!For dessert chocolate shots please! The cocktails are also delish! They won't seat you until your entire party is there so please don't be tardy!We had my wife's 40th I mean.....30th birthday here.  The place is wonderful.  I wish the staff at every restaurant was as accommodating as they are at the Stanton.  We had a two hour open bar in the upstairs lounge with passed hors d'oeuvres.At first they were a little understaffed for the wave of people coming in for the party.  One comment to the manager and they added a bus person and a bartender and things started to flow wonderfully.  They even added a half hour to our open bar for the inconvenience.  The apps were great.  My favorite was the ahi tuna poke and the sliders.  My wife loved the french onion soup dumplings.  They never stopped passing the apps and everyone was stuffed.  It was a very good time and my wife enjoyed her party immensely. I can't wait to come back for dinner.- pricey and a bit pretentious, not the place to go for a casual low key evening- recommend: kobe beef sliders (best sliders of my life)- can't say that I was a fan of their rhode island lobster rolls. . .bottom 3 of my life (was thoroughly excited, so much disappointment . . like sadness in my mouth)- young and attractive clientele - reservations suggested if you plan on going on a weekend- downstairs restaurant, upstairs lounge- in order to get a space upstairs you need to be a party of 8+ and you are required to order food, I think the minimum is $55 per person (not including drinks) and the price goes up as you add more peopleWowee!!  The food, decor, and ambiance were all excellent.When you arrive there is a coat check - although it's not mandatory, they encourage checking your coat.  And you should!  It was quick to check in and check out.The ambiance is modern romantic.  Guess that's the best way I could describe it.  The volume level of the room was a bit quiet when we arrived, but by the time we left it was a bit louder.  Nothing too loud, though, because you will still be able to have a conversation without yelling. The service was attentive, but not intrusive.Our server suggested 2-3 plates per person.  We ordered a total of 4 plates for two of us - and that was just the right amount.  Everything was delicious!-- Potato and Goat Cheese Pierogies - Tastes like a regular pierogie when you bite, until you start chewing and it hits your palate - then a burst of unusual tart flavor of the goat cheese.  It works well with the softy, gooey, carmelized onions.-- French Onion Soup Dumplings - Incredibly creative.  Who could ever think of this?  A dumpling - filled with french onion soup - covered with melted cheese!  -- Kobe Beef Burger - The meat melted in mouth, seriously.-- Butternut Squash Ravioli - Having a mild obsession with butternut squash ravioli (seriously), I give this an "okay" rating.  Definitely not the best I've had, but good.  If you want to choose between this and something else - don't feel like you are losing out if you pick something else.4.5 starsWhat a hopping place! I came here on a double date and had a great time. We had to wait a bit to be seated even though we had a reservation, but it was no big deal because we just went to the upstairs bar to get drinks. It was here that I discovered the Strawberry Fields, and I proceeded to order it the rest of the night! Fresh strawberries--yum!!What we got: (A lot!)-Wok-charred edamame-Potato and goat cheese pierogies-French onion soup dumplings-Ahi Tuna Poke -Red Snapper tacos-Tempura Popcorn shrimp-Kobe beef burger-Lobster roll-Sriracha pea crusted salmon-Beef Wellington-Butternut squash ravioli-Milk Chocolate Salted Caramel Mousse-S'mores Crème Brulèe(In retrospect, I probably could have listed what we didn't order and the list would be shorter!)My favs were the edamame, ahi tuna poke, kobe beef burger, and the butternut squash ravioli. I would skip the dessert next time--nothing special, so not worth it.The scene is trendy and loud. Luckily we got a great corner circle table. I had a great time here and would happy to come back!This place is AMAZING...if you're into waiting an hour and a half after your reservation time before you actually eat. Personally, waiting hasn't always been my cup of tea. Our reservations were for 10:15, party of 3, on a Saturday evening. They didn't call us until ~11:10. And after that, the food takes about half an hour to come out. I understand that it's a very happening place, especially on a weekend night, but the staff must not understand what the term reservation entails.I don't think I'll be giving this place another chance. I would have if they showed the slightest remorse, such as a genuine apology accompanied by free apps or drinks (which many restaurants have done in similar situations), but they acted like it was no big deal. The 2 stars is for the great cocktails they have there, which I admittedly became very closely acquainted with in our hour of waiting before they even SEATED US.Mindbogglingly creative and scrumptiously delicious!French Onion Soup Dumplings!! Never liked French Onion Soup but have to say the dumplings are an innovative twist and do get all the flavors in that one bite.Some of the other must tries: 1) Crabcake Corn Dogs - wow, really!2) Shrimp & Grits - grits have the perfect texture IMO (unusual but I actually liked the Shrimp & Grits)3) Potato and Goat Cheese Pierogies - ideal combination4) Stanton Social Beef Wellington5) Kobe Beef SlidersI almost forgot, I really enjoyed the Ruby Jack - JD and Pom juice and lemon syrup, so much that I had three glasses of it.They have a bar upstairs and the dining area is on the first level. The atmosphere is trendy-casual, dim-lighted and noisy (just means people are having a good time)!We went in on Halloween so all the wait staff was dressed up and they were handing out candy to kids who came in. Our waitress was pleasant and helpful. Plates were cleaned up regularly so that we had enough place on the table for the next dish. Portions are small (tapas) so definitely ask if the quantity will be enough. Be prepared to shell out some $$$ as this place is expensive and is really tough to find. However, my experience was pleasant and hence I recommend it (and will be back in the near future).BTW I did not have place in my stomach for the Donuts but they looked good and wererecommended by our waitress.I'll be honest, knowing that the Chef Santos grew up in the next town over from me, I wanted to like The Stanton Social. Well, I loved it.  One definitely knows that they are dining in NY when they are here, with the gorgeous room, fun music and the throngs of beautiful people, albeit not as pretentious as one might expect.  Servers know their stuff, but are cool as heck.  No phony smiles, no noses in the air.  Drinks were great, with a lot of love put into the cocktail menu.  I'm a sucker for a good ginger beer/lemon cocktail and the Brooklyn Lemonade did not disappoint.  But how about the food you ask?  Let me start a new paragraph to touch on that.Dining with a friend who adores The Stanton Social, we started with the French Onion Soup Dumplings.  Not a fan of French onion soup, I shuddered, but she shot me a nowing look as I took my first bite and WOW!  Red snapper tacos were absolutely flawless.  Don't get me started on the Maryland crab cake corn dogs...awesome!  Entree selection killed me as there was a lot that tempted me, but I finally settled on the 'Chicken n Waffles' and they rocked.  The balsamic maple syrup was the show stealer of the plate.  On my next trip to NYC, this will be my first stop, and maybe my second, but definitely my last.I came here 2 years ago and from what I remember, I believe it was decent. However when I came here last Friday, it was not good at all. First off the wait here on a weekend is insane. There was no walking space in the waiting area, everyone was literally breathing on top of one another. Be sure to make reservations!!! This restaurant is tapas style, which is great; a little bit of everything. So that means YAY you can order half the menu! But 9 out of the 10 items I ordered wasn't good. It was overly salty. There must have been 70% sodium in their dishes. Every dish got saltier and saltier. I wouldn't come back here again.I was there with a pretty big party. 15 people. So we had a prix fix menu but much to my pleasure it was family style so I had the chance to try a bunch of things off the menu. To start everything on the menu sounds amazing. Stanton is known for certain things. Notably the French onion soup dumplings and rightfully so. They are awesome. The pierogies were also quite fantastic. The arepas were good but clearly overshadowed by the first two. Main entrees I got to sample included the chicken and waffles, the ribs and a salmon dish.  All were amazing and I whileI anticipated the ribs and chicken, the salmon turned out to be my favorite.Desserts were good but I'll be honest I was so full by the time they came around I just tasted the  cookies and they were great. Next time I'll save some room for them.  Def worth going to. Bit pricey but, you deserve to splurge you work so hard after all.Everything here was delicious. Chicken arepas, celery root ravioli (amazing!), chicken and waffles, roasted brussels sprouts...Everything was flavorful and perfect. Red snapper tacos were just okay. Smores creme brulee and warm doughnuts for dessert were ridiculously good. Would recommend in a heartbeat.The service at Stanton Social was HORRIBLE. The host at one point mentioned they were in the business of hospitality. One thing is sure: they are sorely lacking in hospitality. It seems like they didn't want to serve us from the very beginning. When I first gave my name for my reservation I was told there was no reservation under my name. I pulled out my phone and showed them my reservation confirmation from Open Tables. I was told that e-mail was not from them and they didn't have a reservation for me. Finally, I guess they realized they couldn't continue with that lie, so they suddenly found my reservation. I was then told I couldn't sit because my entire party was not there. They were parking and arrived 2 minutes later. One person was running a little late so I asked if we could sit and he could join us when he arrived. They told us he would not be able to sit with us. I really didn't believe them. So we got a table but were told we only have until 8pm to eat. I do not understand how you give people a time limit at a restaurant. So we sat and ordered drinks. The last member of our party arrived maybe 20 minutes later. A member of the staff escorted him up and we were told he was not able to stay. We asked if he could pull up a chair. They refused. We told them we would make space in the booth we had. They refused. For people that are in the hospitality business, they did not try to ACCOMMODATE us at all. So we decided to leave. I have never been to a restaurant where they will not accommodate one more person. I was truly disgusted with the level of service at this restaurant. If you want to enjoy a night out having dinner definitely do not go to Stanton SocialWhen I think of a New York hot spot this is what I picture.  The place was packed, we luckily had a reservation.  We grabbed a drink at the bar and shortly after our table was ready.  This place plays great music but it is very loud so if you are trying to have an intense conversation this may not be the best spot.  We ordered several items for the table.  I loved the french onion soup dumpling.  The red snapper tacos were delicious and ther perogies were tasty.  My favorite were the pork belly tacos.  The prices were fair and not bad considering everything is made to share.  I would recommend this place if you are in the neighborhood but make a reservation it's busy!The best!Ok wow. I was blown away by every single dish. 6 of us came here for dinner at 8pm on Sunday and there was no wait with no reservation. For 6, they recommend around 8 tapas dishes. We ended up getting 11 plates and 4 us of us got drinks and still the price came out so reasonable for such amazing flavors for every single dish!We ordered:*Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies- dipped in truffle creme fresh, one of the more popular dishes. the creme fresh just dissolves in your mouth, like a marshmallow, flavor is superb.*Smoked Duck and Baby Kale Salad- came with truffle-goat cheese croutons, which were pretty much just fried goat cheese balls, but nevertheless delicious*Red Snapper Tacos- not blown away, order this if you're still hungry at the end.*Mushroom & Fontina Quesadilla - with jalapeno avocado dip, quite small but w/ a sumptuous burst of flavor*lobster roll - very mediocre as far as lobster rolls go.. I'd suggest other slider choices.*social mac n cheese- so rich but still delicious, just don't eat the whole thing or you definitely will be rolling out of the restaurant later.*tomato pizetta with roasted garlic and chili oil- I love everything with garlic, and this definitely went beyond your typical flatbread pizza. Great garlic burst of flavor!*miso glazed mushrooms - we needed to add some more veggies, so got this yummy side of mushrooms. The glaze was a bit oily, but still delicious.For drink, I got the basil-lime gimlet. A great refreshing drink that didn't overpower any of the dishes. Highly recommended!Overall, when in doubt, COME TO STANTON SOCIAL! This is everything my friends told me about and more, really the quintessential New York small plates dining experience.Trendy as hell. The food was amazing (try the mini burgers and the pastrami sandwiches, but DONT leave without having the homemade donuts) the service was great also. It was just so full, everywhere outside the lounge table we had on the second floor was packed. They should have a coat room, they don't. Bathroom cleanliness is below average. Waiters and staff are helpful and polite.I would go back just for the food.I'm a sucker for tapas-style anything.  Why would you choose to have one meal when you could try everrrythinggg on the menu?  That just means that you can figure out what you love and what you'd pass on next time!  They (the servers) tell you that the french onion soup dumplings and the goat cheese perogies are the best - and they aint lying.  Other memorable mentions include the sriracha pea crusted salmon, the miso mushrooms and... Not gunna lie, I pretty much devoured it all.  Yes, music was bumpin' even at brunch, but music's my thang so whatevs, didn't bother me!Drinks a little pricey but overall a great time.  Love the atmosphere and server was awesome (had really beautiful Hebrew name, which I wish I remembered to give her credit).Had the french onion dumplings, tuna tacos, red snapper tacos, kobe burgers, sausage and peppers, and lamb.  Only one I would have skipped is the lamb.  Will be back , nuff said.My fellow Yelper friends told me this was a good spot to go to, and I can't say I was disappointed.  Pretty friendly bar staff even though they were busy, a decent crowd, and it upscale but not TOO upscale.  Not a bad spot to split with my time at Piano's across the street, depending on the crowd.Probably should avoid if you are 35 or older, or not a personal friend of the chef, whose table seemed to be enjoying a lot of attention.  You would think that after twenty years I would be use to it, but I guess I just wasn't in the mood for the dismissive, bordering on rude, 20-year old staff.  I should not have had to insist on speaking to the manager, who the hostess refused to find notwithstanding the fact that he had been standing immediately to her left, to be seated.  On the other hand, the atmosphere there is upbeat and fun, especially upstairs where it is a little more relaxed.  The food is good, especially the French Onion Soup Dumplings.  Next time I'll stay upstairs rather than take up a table downstairs where my party of six was obviously not welcome.  All in all, plenty of fun restaurants in New York with good food that don't treat you like you're doing them a favor, but if you're thick-skinned it's well worth a visit.Came here for a girls night out dinner.Service: Horrible! Gave us a really tiny booth for a reservation of 5 people. We had no choice but to coat check our belongings.We were also extremely rushed...we didn't even stay for over an hour!Right after dessert they dropped off out check instantly before we even asked for it....2 minutes later they they took away our plates....2 minutes later they took away our water carafe....2 minutes later they took away our napkins......yea we couldn't take it anymore so we left. I guess this wasn't much of an ideal spot to sit down to catch up with your girlfriends...since we were being rushed like fast food customers.Food: even though the service sucked, the food was delicious.... We had the French onion soup dumplings (a must get), red snapper tacos, social Mac and cheese, Kobe beef sliders, ribs which were really tender and easily fell off the bones, crab cakes, and mini doughnuts.Overall experience: I would come back for the food but not if this type of service continues. I'm hoping that this was just an off night. Also, the music was a plus!After a lot  of hype I have heard about this place, I decided to give this place on a Friday night to try.We were late for our reservations but they were nice to seat us after about less than 10 minutes of a wait which was good.  The ambiance is very hip, great music and a great mix of crowd.Food was just okay. The best I had was the Pork belly tacos and the carbonara spagettini which has pork belly with crispy skin on top of noodels and small raw egg on top. This was probably the best I had. My favorite too. The rest of the dishes were okay like the chicken and waffles, pea crusted salmon and crab cake corn dogs. We also ordered red velvet twinkies which was very dry and the cream cheese icing was super salty.  My friend said the donuts were good and worth ordering.I gave this place a 1 star because I think our server = who was the super tall white guy with shaggy straight hair ( Friday night, Feb 28th shift)was playing favoritism and a RACIST.. First of all he suggested for us to get 5 dishes to try which I think was too much because I barely ate my share of the chicken waffles and the salmon. I sincerely thintk that he TOOK ADVANTAGE of us once he found out it was our first time here.  He barely checked up on us on how we were doing and if our dishes tasted good. And I think he was playing favoritism. There were two ladies next to us who did not order drinks and ordered only 2 dishes and 2 desserts which he only charged them for one because I overheard him say that if you don't like the first dessert I give you, just take one bite and if you don't like it, I will take it off your tab and give you a different dessert. WELL, we didnt like the red velvet twinkies and he didn't even bother to ask us if we liked it or not. He just charged us anyway. Is this because we were ASIANS and the two laides next to us where WHITE??? This is completey unfair. I didnt say anything at that time, because I did not want my experience here to ruin my beautiful Friday night.Chris Santos, if you're reading this, please take care of this. This is a CLEAR example of how this server is a complete A**. Please read my review about QUALITY MEATS and read about LOUIS our server. That is how servers should be!!!Maybe you should review your crew.I am rethinking now if I should recommend this place to anyone.... I DOUBT IT!To go or not to go? Go, your ears will bleed, but your mouth will water. Pro tip: Trust your server. Just because tapas are "small plates," if you server says that you probably don't need that much food, listen! Don't miss the French Onion soup dumplings. If you are going for brunch, the warm donuts are a must. Any donuts are usually a must, but so good with the fudge sauce. Mmmm...donuuuts.Me and my boyfriend came here on a Thursday and the environment and ambience right when you walk in seems intimate, but once it gets filled is hustling and bustling. I enjoyed the chatter and movement, although it got difficult to hear at times. We started off with a kale salad, goat cheese and caramelized onion pierogis with truffle creme fraiche and mac and cheese. I was pretty full after that, but those were just starters! We ordered sliders as our main course, a Kobe beef burger for him and a veggie slider with avocado, cheddar, roasted green chile mayo for me. Although they are small plates, they are very filling and filled with a lot of flavor! If that wasn't enough we had paired dinner with a bottle of wine and finished off with mint chip pudding bons bons covered in dark chocolate. Being full was an understatement. I definitely would come back for a special occasion or girls night out, although it can get a little pricey.Food is good  server is amazing but host is bitch people !!!! I'm don't know why??? Onion soup is really good ....As much as I like the ambiance and drinks but most food came out to be mediocre.  I went on a rainy Thur night dinner w a reservation, three of us were seated immediately even though I was running abit late. The cocktails we ordered were delicious. The foods were just ok, beef wellington was way too well done and chewy, we were having difficulty cutting w the knife provided, chicken N waffle was not impressive, chicken was just okay, nothing spectacular, the two things i really like was red snapper tacos (it's ridiculously small) and their warm doughnuts. There were other dishes we shared among 3 of us, nothing extradionary that i don't even remember what we had.We all felt abit rushed during our dinner, immediately after we finished our dinner, we were presented w dessert menu, in the meantime we were still chatting, our waitress interrupted us 2 times to get our order, we certainly did not feel attentive but rushed to order our desserts, even though there was no one's waiting for the table. The bus boy however was attentive w filling up our glasses and took our plates away after each dishes.As much as I like the cocktails and ambiance, I am not sure if i want to go back anytime soon unless my wallet is fat enough.Came here for dinner after checking out the top of the Rock. As we were leaving we grabbed a $1 pretzel from Auntie Annie's in the building since they were about to close. Couldn't resist such a deal!! Also my logic was we wouldn't need to order as much when we got here but of course my fatass still ordered enough food for a small village! I was craving tapas and this place has the best ratings. I thought this place was going to turn into a club when we arrived. The music is totally bumping and pretty loud not that I am complaining. My bf knew all the songs they were playing. All hip hop or rap or whatever the cool kids listen to. There was no wait but I think it was around 10 when we arrived and they sat us at the awesome booth facing the restaurant! I seriously think thats the best seat. Request a booth seat if you're making reservations! Service was fine except it took them a long time to get us water but maybe it just felt long because I was dying of thirst. Also our waitress came by and asked if we were still waiting for more food after only receiving 2 of our 5 dishes. Umm shouldn't she know? We ordered the salad (it didn't list any meat on it but I think there was bacon in the dressing!!! they should note stuff like this), ahi tacos, red snapper tacos, french onion soup dumplings, and miso mushrooms. I THINK that was all of it. The salad was amazing, the tacos were both very similar to each other and nothing special. The soup dumplings were very unique! I was so full already though and couldn't eat more than one. They are super heavy! The mushrooms are solid but not worth the $8. We ordered way too much food for the both of us and had no room for dessert. I think the bill was almost $100 which is ridiculous considering we didn't even order drinks.I tried this place for a drink around 6:30PM on a Saturday night with 9 other girls, and we got seated right away, but we had only an hour until the next reservation. I liked how swanky of a place it was, but us 23 year olds could only afford 1 $13 drink after brunching all day.We only stayed for an hour, and my friends didn't want to stay much longer than that, because they didn't want to go broke. I'll definitely go back with my boyfriend for special occasions.Very trendy and hot place!We were seated in the lounge as we were a large party of 10.  The music was AMAZING.  It was one great song after another.  It was a bit loud so we werent able to speak to one another as we might in a dinner setting but thats not a complaint, the music was SO good it didnt really matter.  The food was JUST ok, I was really excited to try this venue as I have heard so much about it but I wasnt wowed.  The chicken and waffles were decent but I would have preferred them with syrup rather the gravey.  The spanakopita was good, and crispy as it should be.  The sliders were probably the best thing we ordered.  I suggest grabbing a few appetizers and drinks upstairs in the lounge before starting the rest of your night.I finally came here for brunch, and it was absolutely amazing. I love the whole concept of small plates, and plated in such a cute whimsical way too. I'm definitely coming back here for dinner. Our server was really sweet and friendly too.We ordered an order of pierogies, buttermilk biscuit sliders, the lobster roll, red snapper tacos, chicken taquitos, pork tostones, lobster benedict, and pumpkin crumb muffins. The favorites were the pierogies, the muffins, and the buttermilk biscuit sliders. The pierogies were soft little pillows of love served with sweet caramelized onions, sweet and savory. The buttermilk biscuit sliders, were buttermilk biscuits with scrambled eggs and thick cut bacon. The biscuits were fluffy and crumbly, the scrambled eggs soft and perfectly cooked, and the bacon was smoky and delicious. The mini muffins were not too sweet, perfect little pumpkiny bites, with a tender crumb.  I didn't try any of the lobster dishes, not because I didn't want to, but because I was actually eating with other people and trying to restrain myself. I heard they were all good, and that the lobster was very fresh and tender. The red snapper tacos were a disappointment, as the fish was chopped up very small so that it hardly tasted like fish anymore. They were also incredibly bland. The chicken taquitos tasted like standard taquitos. They were good, but nothing to phone home about. The pork tostones we actually got on the house, which was really nice. The shredded pork was served atop a cracker like plantain. I thought the pork was a bit dry, but it was still a nice gesture. I can't wait to come back here and try more.We have gone for dinner too many times to count and every time it is fantastic.This was for a birthday party and they made everything in 5s for us (usually most plates come in 3s). I'd recommend something, but honestly it's all delicious. The service is friendly and top notch as well.One thing I would say is that they no longer have the Edamame - please bring it back!We will definately be coming back many more times in the future.The food is amazing! Just order a bunch of things- it's worth pigging out to taste all of the dishes. The mixed drinks are pricy, but so fun if you want to splurge. The scene itself is a little cramped and the room isn't ideal in my opinion, but the dinner is great.I came here twice for their brunch, and both times were great!I absolutely LOVED the huevos rancheros-yummy tacos!!  The French onion soup dumplings were the best, as well!Other dishes that were pretty good-the meatballs, pizza, mini brioche and caramelized banana pancakes.  All the dishes are small and meant to be shared, fyi!My favorites were the perogies , basil and lime gimlet and the pumpkin pie sundaeThe Stanton Social is a nice place to go if you're on a date or if you're seeking some intimate space to talk to someone, but it's way overhyped and not AS nice as many claim it to be.   Cozy and intimate?  Sure, but not classy nor elegant and the lighting is a smidgeon too dim (which just puts it at dark).  Also, very expensive for the quality and portions of food you get.  The menu is varied, but also limited at the same time.  Many vegetarian-friendly options available.  The food did not appeal to me as it did most others - the only worthy food item I'd recommend out of all the items I tried are the Red Snapper Tacos.  Everything else is very mehh.  A quick grading of the food choices would be:1. Red Snapper Tacos - B+2. Kobe Beef Slider - C+3. Spaghettini Carbonara - B-4. Pierogies - C+5. Ahi Tuna Poke - B6. Shrimp + Grits - C Our server was definitely plenty nice and checked up on us often without overwhelming us with his presence.  Stanton Social would not be my first choice next time we look for a place to go, but I can understand why others like it.  Totally a preference thing.We reserved a table of eight for my friend's surprise birthday dinner. Excellent service from staff and the place has a nice ambience. The food portions are small and pricey, but had a nice flair of presentation and were quite tasty. On the downside, I left the dinner feeling still a bit hungry even after our table of eight had spent an exorbitant amount of money on dinner. Overall, it was a pleasant experience.A friend and I went here for dinner one night. We had an 8:45 PM reservation, and showed up about 10 min early. They sent us to the bar and told us they would come get us when our table was ready. After checking with the hostess for the second time after we already checked in, we were finally seated around 9:20 pm. When we did get seated the hostess said that we could be seated upstairs right away, but had to wait longer to be seated downstairs. 1. We have a reservation and it is now 30 min past, and 2. Why were we not just seated upstairs in the first place, as it was almost completely empty. I will never be going back here. What is the point of having a reservation if you will be seating people who enter the restaurants after us, before us, regardless if they have a reservation or not. If I knew I was going to have to wait at least 30 min to be seated, I would of gone somewhere that has better food and doesn't take reservations.The dangerous thing about tapas is you don't know when you should stop. A group of friends and I went here for a early dinner. This place was pretty full at 6:00pm already, we were lucky we made reservations. It was good and I am definitely going again, but it's good to go with a big group, so you can try out more things in the menu!Love this place! Trendy, hip and excellent food and drinks. One of my favorite places to go for dinner. I love the small portions and being able to sample many different dishes! Everything on the menu is excellent! Definitely recommend!!Had some guests in town from Houston who love to eat so we recommended here on a thursday evening. Got a reservation but had to wait upstairs at the bar which was crowded but nice. We were called downstairs to our table promptly. When we sat down, we sat at the very front table with the light fixtures.  It was miserably hot at that table. We couldn't move due it being busy.That said, we sucked it up and ordered a shitload of tapas.Kobe beef sliders- good but not awesome. Expected better but damn good. Edamame- good taste, pretty good. Loved the glaze.Potato and goat cheese pierogies- the best item of the night. Ordered an additional order. Amazingly light which is atypical of pierogies.French Onion Soup dumplings- a little disappointing. The dumpling was thick and doughy and there wasn't much French onion broth. It fell short to us.Oysters- fresh and deliciousPopcorn shrimp- nothing special, average.Glazed carrots- the best cooked carrots I've ever had. Sweet and tasty. Would turn the most avid anti-carrot person into a believer.Lobster roll- again, good but not great. Had better at shacks in New England.Frites- piping hot and above average.We had good drinks and the crowd seemed pretty chill. Didn't feel as snobbish as Beauty and Essex.Great dinner option before going out on the LES. I recommend going on a non-weekend night.Tip for this place, if you want a decent quiet dinner, don't follow the waiter into seat next to the bar. It WILL get really loud that you can't have a decent conversation. The waitress is really attentive to all our needs from the beginning til the end; however, due to the amount of people, we were given the check before asked. Sign that you got to go :( best that I would appreciate a better experience next time we go. Food wise is really good. Well I can't really comment much as tapa isn't really what I eat in general. Beside the fact it was served in order and never together with the previous dish make this experience unique. Portion is really small for the price but hey that class I guess. Again, this place has 2 section. If you come early, they will ask you to go upstair to get a drink and wait or I will suggest just wait downstair so they won't seat up upstair where it's loud and crowded. Next time, I will like to be downstairs.Came here with a group of ladies on a Friday night after putting it off for way too long since moving to the hood. All in all, it was a pleasant experience. The decor is swanky and the seating / lighting is intimate. The cocktails were delicious - I had the Blood Orange-Jalapeño Margarita and it was amazing. I also tried the Strawberry Fields - not as good, in my opinion, but tasty. Dishes I would recommend:- Braised Short Rib Soft Tacos - my favorite, by far- Hand Pulled Chicken Arepas - dooooo it- 'Chicken n' Waffles' - loved the presentation and the combo was delicious- Grilled Ovendried Tomato Pizzetta - mehh, good if you're looking for something plain, but nothing to write home about- Social Mac & Cheese - reaaally good, but I've definitely tasted better in the city (Westville)Like many other spots in the city, you pay for the vibe at Stanton. The food and drinks were great, but I'm not sure if it was worth the money spent...and we dropped a pretty penny on this one. That being said, I'd *definitely come back here.* if someone else was payingThis place is much smaller than I expected. I expected something like... Tao I guess. Well so I'm not a fan of this place. I went there on a Friday evening with a party of 5 with a reservation. We had drinks upstairs until everyone arrived. Our whole party arrived half hour after our reservation time, but we got a table immediately. The hostess was pretty nice. I like their drinks. They make great cocktails! Spicy margarita and mojito were delicious. But any of food did not blow me away at all. There're many better tapas places! My friends actually loved this place, but I won't return.Food excellent service / attentiveness mediocre We were a party of 6 birthday reservation on Black Friday they seated us an hour after our res... Big strikes against - we knew   It could be maybe a half hour wait that's reasonable - but an hour!? Almost inexcusable. What is a reservation for if it isn't honored? The hostess was rude enough to tell me she "cared" about seating our party  then answering a phone without excising herself from me. The grater than though attitude just turns me off completely- I don't care if you can easily replace our party I care if you actually give a shit about how good a meal/time our party has at your restaurant! It's like a trap they create so you sit at their bar buying drinks for an hour - not cool! I'd love to tell you about the food but the service made more of an impression- unfortunate ...Went there for the first time on a Monday night for a first date. It was awesome we went upstairs and the bartender Michael was great! Super friendly and knowledgable.  We had the French onion dumplings which were awesome! And the sugar donuts were crazy good! I am going to go back. And just another cool thing they do is they have an open bar for one hour with vodka and tequila from 11-12.. I think that is the details lolGreat place! I'll be back.  Food was great.  Service fast.This restaurant is Tapas, which I have never tried before and I absolutely loved ordering 10-15 things with everyone and getting to try everything in a smaller portion and brought continuously to the table, so if you are hunger after, you can order more!The atmosphere was dark, sultry, fun, elegant. We went on a Saturday night and it was bumping. We were seated upstairs near the bar, which next time I don't think I would do because of how loud it is, but we didn't mind, the music takes over you in a good way as well. the drinks were amazing, the seats were modern and super cushioned, I could chill there for awhile.I highly recommend the chicken and waffles, the French Onion Soup Dumplings, Hanger Steak Fries, the Red Snapper Tacos, Social Mac&Cheese.If I went back I would try so much more, everything is beyond expectations and a treat to your senses.Came here to celebrate a special occasion with close friends and had a ball! We made reservations earlier that day and had no trouble getting seated once we arrived. We ordered 10 dishes total including dessert over the course of the night. The dishes were perfectly timed in the sense that they came out one after another so that we were able to appreciate each individual dish. They also serve proportionately to the number of people in your party. Everything is bite size, but by the end of the night, we were all STUFFED. in retrospect, we probably could've done with 1-2 fewer dishes. There were 4 of us total and we all shared:1. goat cheese and potato perogies: 4.5/5: DELICIOUS!!!!! of course, you have to be a fan of goat cheese to begin with. It's incredible smooth and just fabulous. We were considering ordering a second round of this!2. Chicken arepas: 3.75/5: Pretty good. A good heap of shredded chicken that was flavorful but not out of this world good. 3. Crab Cake Corn Dogs: 2/5: Disappointment! There was so much potential here, but unfortunately, it tasted mostly like the corn cake and not much crab. definitely could pass on this. 4. Lamb soulvakis: 4.25/5: Surprisingly good! Didn't think it would be as good as it was. Almost like a taco with a good amount of meat that's nicely flavored and spiced. I would definitely recommend this, especially if you like lamb!5. Ahi Tuna Poke: 4/5: This was really good. Chopped up pieces of ahi tuna on a crispy wonton. Would def get this again. 6. Popcorn Shrimp: 3/5: You get a good amount of shrimp, but unfortunately, they were a tad salty on the outside. Otherwise, they were very crispy. I would have preferred a spicier dipping sauce, though. 7. Chicken n Waffles: 1/5: YES YOU READ THAT CORRECTLY! 1/5! THIS WAS THE BIGGEST DISAPPOINTMENT OF THE NIGHT. The chicken wasn't fried. And it was almost crunchy in a way you don't want chicken to be because its borderline raw. And the waffle was totally soggy and didn't have any flavor. The sauce was also equally depressing. do not get this!!!!8. Herbed Fries: 4/5: but then again, can you really mess up fried potatoes? I would suggest getting this earlier in the night, though.9. baked spanikopita: 3/5: i could've passed on this dish, but maybe its because i am not the biggest spanikopita fan. I thought it lacked salt, but it may have been because the shrimp I was also eating at the time were too salty. 10. Doughnuts: 4/5: We were so stuffed but still managed to sneak in room for dessert. They're fluffy and light and made for the perfect ending to our meal. I'm a huge chocolate fan, but thought the caramal dipping sauce was the best. Overall, we all had  great impression of this place. We ordered 5-6 drinks and paid roughly $65/person. Definitely on the pricier side, however, it was nice place to celebrate something special! Plus coming with 4+ people really allows you to sample the menu!I don't usually go to places below 14th Street (because I get lost too easily and the places are usually a filth factory; peep my review of Whitman's)But I was so glad I forced myself to have brunch here last Sunday: The service and food were very good and the A/C was working very well (I'm always hot so that is always important).I loved the hostess (I don't remember her name, so let's call her "Suzie-Jennifer"); we were a few minutes late for our reservation and she made sure to seat us straight-away the moment I arrived in a black-sweat.I loved both of our servers: I think the 1st one's name was Danny and the 2nd name was Kurt. Danny was funny and attentive and Kurt was courteous and had great teeth; I want my dentures to look like his when I grow-up.The decor was upscale, the bathrooms were clean and the food was very good (but very small, so do not expect to get your feed-bag on in this establishment). The food was more like tiny-tapas as opposed to full-on entrees.We ate the following:--Caramelized Banana Pancakescandied pecans, vanilla brown butter, maple syrup(Not enough pecans for my taste, they were only sprinkled on the top and not on each layer of pancake; the pancake itself did not taste good until the syrup was fully absorbed into it; that syrup really made that dish!)Breakfast Bruschettasoft scrambled eggs, oven-dried tomatoes, asiago(This was very tasty but the bread was a little rough on the dentures)Croque Monsieur "Satays"mini brioche, country ham, Gruyère, Muenster(I really do not recall these, which is making me wonder if we failed to receive this course...???)French Onion Soup Dumplings(These were delish & nutrish! This was one of the best things on the menu! The crouton coulda been softer though)Huevos Rancheros Soft Tacosscrambled chorizo & eggs, black beans, "salsa fresca," aged cheddar(These were OK, nothing to drop your drawers over)"Chicken n' Waffles"brick-pressed chicken, aged cheddar waffle, corn pudding, balsamic spiked maple syrup(OK, you can drop your drawers for this dish cuz this was PHENOMINAL! I have family from the South so I know what Chicken & Waffles is all about, this was a great re-imagination of a classic; we were all trying to lick our plates without lookin' uncouth. The Chicken was correct and I liked how the Waffle had a faint cornbread taste to it; I really should've gotten more of this dish to-go)Social Mac & Cheesechorizo, roasted poblanos(This was very picante and the crusty stuff which I guess was the poblanos was not helping this dish; none of us liked the cheese in this dish either, simple Cracker barrel Sharp cheese would've been better than whatever was used in this situation)Bottom-line: Go to Stanton Social for the "Chicken n' Waffles" because it will make you believe in Jesus, Oprah & Tom Cruise.I came here yesterday for a girlfriend's birthday and was super excited to try it out due to all the reviews about this place.Since it was our first time there, our waitress told us that people would usually order 8-10 plates to share since that assures that everyone gets at least 8-10 bites of food. We ended up ordering 12 dishes and boy were we stuffed!French Onion Soup Dumplings - I was excited to try this out since everyone recommended it on  yelp but when I had it, it wasn't what I expected. It was too salty and I did not enjoy it one bit.Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogi - DISGUSTING! Again, I ordered this because of the rave on yelp and because our waitress told us it was one of their most popular dishes. I'm sorry but I couldn't take a second bite of this. I took one bite of this and had to rinse my mouth with water/cocktail and the taste of the goat cheese was still there. So if you're not a fan of goat cheese, do not order this! :(Chicken & Waffles - Comes in an order of 4 or 8. I didn't get to try this out because i was too stuffed by the time it came. I'm assuming it was good because it was gone in 2 minutes! Red Snapper Tacos - I liked this but couldn't really taste the fish.Spinach & Corn Salad - I liked this very much. Their dressing was delicious and that bit of spiciness to it definitely helped. Kobe Sliders & Lobster Slider - I liked the kobe slider, it was cooked very nicely and my friends enjoyed it as well. As for the lobster roll, I did not like it one bit. The lobster were  under dressed and it was bland. Popcorn Shrimp - Shrimp was cripsy and delicious. The spicy mayo dipping sauce was delicious as well. Mac & Cheese - YUMMY! We finished the whole dish within 5 minutes and this was when we were so full that our belles are about to pop!Ribs - Comes in an order of 5-6 Ribs. The meat was tender and the flavor was good. We couldn't finish it though because we were stuffed so we took the rest to go.Meatballs - HUGE meatballs on top of ravioli. The flavor of the meatballs were delicious and paired well with the ravioli. Yum!Overall, I give this place 3 stars because our server was awesome and I love that they can "add on" an extra portion so everyone on your table can try it out. Will come back again because I want to try out the rest of the menu :)Went with a friend as a first proper dinner outing when I moved to NYC. Here are the deets:- Location: Chic yet low key ambiance done by the fantastic design group AvroKO, with more of a darker masculine feel. Excellent for dates. Table's are ridiculously close to each other, but once you start to converse with your dinner partner(s), you completely forget about those around you.- Service: Our waiter was nice, informative, and to the point with everything. No lingering, but no lack of service; everything was just right.- Food: Since this is more of a small plate tasting kind of restaurant (read: "tapas" style), we got: the French Onion Soup Dumplings [so different and so good, awesome comfort food], Spicy Lamb Souvlakis [great taste, but nothing different from any other good Greek spot], Fava Bean & Ricotta Ravioli [clean, earthy, and scrumptiously neutralizing after the lamb], and finally, the winner of them all - the Sriracha Pea Crusted Salmon [a ballad of eclectically savory tastes without any fishy after taste] We topped it off with the Bourbon Peach Cobbler sundae, which was one of the best desserts I've ever had!- Summation: The beauty of small plate tasting places is that you can dabble in so many different flavors, and that's exactly what was awesome about Stanton Social. Along with great atmosphere, service, and in my case, company, it was a fantastic culinary night out.Booked our company dinner here on Friday 3/28 for a group of 25. We were seated on the mezzanine (a tad crowded with the 22 of us that actually showed), but this was hands down the best experience we've had.The service was great. Everyone was so attentive to each individual. The food is amazing and the drinks are just perfect!There was not one bad dish served to us. I don't know how I can top this next year, so I may have to try to book this again.Thank you to everyone at Stanton Social for perfect service and a great experience!!Maybe I'm getting nicer at my old age of 26 or the places I'm visiting are getting better.I went here on Sunday for dinner with my dad, stepmom and boyfriend for my birthday (well, pre-birthday). The waitress went through the whole "family style" schpiel and recommended that we order 7-10 dishes. I think we settled on 8 dishes: two orders of the French onion dumplings, the chicken and waffles, the crab cake corn dogs, the spanikopita, the fries, and the Kobe sliders. The dumplings lived up to the hype, the corn dogs were probably my favorite (mostly anything that's in corn dog form gets my approval), the spanikopita was delicious and the Kobe sliders were delicious. The chicken and waffles were just ok to me, but everyone else seemed to enjoy it. For dessert I was treated to a red velvet twinkie and a free cupcake (or a free diagnosis of diabetes).  Everything was great from the food to the service to the mood lighting in the bathroom. My dad didn't appreciate that so much. All in all it was a great experience and I wouldn't mind coming back here at some point.So effin' good. I still dream about the French onion soup dumplings and those truffle philly cheesesteak sliders... or should I say slider. Because one of those little babies is like $10 and it's smaller than my palm. I do have big hands, though.Simply divine food and ambiance. Sit in the lounge upstairs with your date or some friends!Last minute decision to have dinner here so this was probably the latest i've eaten dinner ever in life. We were lucky to get a reservation which apparently doesn't mean you'll get seated right away. We were directed to the upstairs bar, which would have been very annoying if the cocktails weren't great, but they were! I sipped on a refreshing strawberry fields cocktail (not a very creative name since every bar seems to have one but damn good!)Stanton social is a very popular place and I really loved how lively and vibrant it was.My friend and I ordered a little sampler of tapas to share and everything was amazing! Seriously, not a bad thing to say about any of these things:Smoked duck and baby kale saladAhi tuna pokeShrimp and gritstempura popcorn shrimp with yuzu chile aioliLump crab cake corn dogsYou need to eat here. Make a reservation and have a good time.enjoy!Pretty trendy place here in the heart of the Lower East Side.  We went for a Saturday brunch around 3:30 pm.  I had called prior to coming, about a half hour earlier to make sure they could accommodate for us and the young women who answered the phone said they could.  When we arrived, we were sat immediately as there were a handful of open tables.  The wait staff reminded us a couple times that the kitchen for brunch closes at 4:00 pm so there were no misunderstandings. We ordered 5 tappas for 3 people.  We had the Snapper Taco's, Grilled Cheese Quesadillas, the Croque Monsiers, and two orders of the French Onion Soup Dumplings.  The first three dishes were tasty, but I'll admit were smaller than I was used to.  When we received the dumplings afterwards, we were sold on the meal!  We did not have any drinks, but for the late brunch hour, the food and service we received was excellent!!Came here for a Sat. brunch and loved the tapas!  We ordered 4 dishes, which was more than enough for two girls.  (The waiter will recommend you order 6, but that's nonsense.  Just get 3-4.  You can always order more later.)-Huevos Rancheros tacos: My favorite of all the dishes we ordered. 4-5 mini-tacos.-French Onion Soup Dumplings - Also tied for first place.  6 cute, itty-bitty things full of flavor.-Old School Meatballs - 2 large meatballs w/ a tiny sliver of manicotti.  Moist, flavorful, and good, but not particularly amazing.-Grilled Ovendried Tomato Pizzetta - Pass.  Boring and bland, especially when compared to the above.Pretty, spacious area.  (Although it's tightly spaced in the front with the two-top tables - typical of NY restaurants - so you better be ok with people eavesdropping on your conversation.)  Good for groups because you can get a booth.  1 BR downstairs, 2 spacious BRs upstairs.  The 2nd & 3rd floors are closed during brunch.Food and Drinks are really good. Make sure to make a reservation or you'll be waiting outside with your party for a while, unless you arrive before 6pm. Food is served in a series of small sliders, so if you're really hungry you'll have to order a lot of sliders so make sure you have space on your credit card lol. Dinner for 2 will range easily at $100-$150.Nice ambiance -- good date place. Great music. Pierogies are UH-MAZING. Their tea cocktail is great. Take it from this non-drinker.This place is awesome. My cousin took me here for a pre-birthday celebration and I LOVED IT! While waiting for our table - we went upstairs to the bar/lounge to wait - Let me tell ya - it was happening - I had so much fun up there.......... The music was great.... The drinks were great..........The food was really good and I would go back. This is a cool place to hang out with great drinks, music, and food............I wish I could leave a review of the food and drinks but we never got that far- if you're gonna make reservations intentionally early to force people to wait and buy a drink at the bar make sure there's enough room for them. Couldn't get near the bar with all the 20 year old woo girls having birthday parties and soccer mom tourists in the way. After waiting half an hour with no sign of being seated we went somewhere else. Lame.Been here for brunch a few times. Small tapas style dishes where all great! Onion soup dumplings are a must!! Trendy LES establishment.Reserve the cozy corner booth if you're going on a date. Share the lamb pitas. They're incredible. The atmosphere is loud, but the service is decent.What's the big deal? Place is bumping radio music, it's crowded as hell, and the wait staff is just terrible. From the gecko, the atmosphere set was not my personal favorite. The whole i'm-too-cool LES vibe wasn't doing it for me - i mean after all, they are known for their food, right?eh.french onion soup dumplings were clearly just put into the oven for a long time. The crouton was soggy, and the texture of the dumpling was hard, chewy, and just not that good. Goat cheese and potato pierogies were pretty good. Without the goat cheese dip, the dish would've been mediocre. But good thing I dig goat cheese, I guess.Chicken N Waffles - it was whatever. They did a play on this dish by serving roasted chicken with reduced balsamic (i think) and cut pieces of waffles. Waffle was too chewy, and I don't think you can really mess up the chicken thighs at this level of culinary. ( or shouldn't at least)Red snapper tacos - it's just fish tacos. except they give you three tiny bite sized tacos. They even took the plate right away before we got the chance to try the sauce that came with it. Great job!Stanton mac n cheese- by far the best dish of the night. no complaints. great texture and well cooked. But it's mac n cheese. seriously?drinks were strong and fairly tasty, but with a hefty price of $13. Tapas are supposed to be fun for sharing and trying out many signature dishes in smaller sizes. But they are supposed to be packed with flavors and hit you as soon as you take a bite of the food. SS didn't manage to do that for me. Would I come back? eh. probably not.Bringing Italian people to eat in a restaurant in America is a gamble. Hoping at least the atmosphere would not dissapoint, I brought three Italians with me to the Stanton Social. We were greeted by non pretentious hosts (rarity in lower Manhattan) and seated at a huge round booth. I should mention the atmosphere here: low lighting, reds, dark browns, and cozy. The kind of decor a rich hipster (oxymoron...?) would love to steal for their ironic and well-paid-for house. It was a Wednesday night and the place was pretty crowded so that made it fun also. (Who likes to eat at a restaurant if you're the only people there? weird.)We ordered a ton of delicious things from the menu because The S.S. wants us to be social, so we picked ten items off the small plates menu. At this point the Italians started to get excited. They (we) loved the Snapper Tacos, Kobe Burger Sliders, Shrimp cocktail. What was good but not great was the spaghetti carbonara (though it did come in cute little single serve "nests" which was cool) and the pizza (not much flavor here) Everything excpt the burgers came with just enough portions for the number of people at your table so you never had to fight anyone for the last anything. I was happy with this choice, and my Italian guests were thrilled. One even said that it was the best restaurant he'd eaten at in the 2 years he's been visiting New York consistently.$7-15+ for small plates, but everything we ordered met or exceeded our expectations. Tasty.Rich. We were happy to share! I think part of our ability to enjoy our food was the atmosphere at the time--on a Monday night, around 7. We were seated immediately. By 8, however, we wanted to leave the B/T dance club.So I will say the staff and service was excellent and maybe I should give an extra star for that. The food was good but not EPIC!! For a $170 (with drinks) it should be AMAZING. I typically do not really think of price but here i didn't feel i got my money's worth. -Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies - probably my favorite thing!!-French Onion Soup Dumplings - they were ok. by the time they got to us they were cold. i am thinking they should have been hotter because the server said be careful. -Red Snapper Tacos- they were good-Maryland Jumbo Lump Crab-cake 'Corn Dog" - my friends favorite thing-Pork Belly Soft Tacos - good flavor-The Stanton Social Beef Wellington-tasty-Scallops - good-Fish And Chips- Meh-Donuts -Yummy- Smores Crème Brulèe - disappointedFrench Onion Soup Dumplings = Life changing.Literally.  I love French Onion soup but i hate that the cheese only lasts me a few bites, I hate that there is a huge soggy loaf like bread at the bottom - this dish solved my problems! Everything in one bite (well for me 2 bites).  Delicious!They suggested we try 4-5 small plates (not tapas I was quickly corrected with my bad  food lingo (tapas are Spanish) so these are tapas of the non Spanish decent), we however being the bad ass "my eyes are bigger than our stomachs" power couple went for 6.Of my favorite in order:  French Onion Soup Dumplings, Fish tacos, Butternut squash ravioli, crab cake corn dogs (I feel like I can't give these a fair assessment as when they came I was over capacity), the meatballs.  I did NOT care for the meatballs, theyr didn't taste like my Grandma's so I am biased.  I also felt like they were undercooked, and I am a rare meat lover so it takes a lot for me to say that.  Otherwise everything was absolutely delicious!Drinks: Holy cow.  Blood Orange Jalapeno Margarita = AWESOMEEEE. If I didn't have somewhere to be in a standing fashion, I would have drank these all night!Dessert: Pumpkin Pie Icecream cake .... words can't describe.  Also opt in for the hot chocolate shot with bourbon.  You will want to ask for this in a coffee mug, although they may not oblige it's THAT good.Service: Really friendly staff, hostess included - not snotty at all.Overall an awesome place! I love small plates because I get to try everything.  The drinks were amazing.  You'll leave here wondering if Jesus himself ate his last supper here.Came here for my bday. Was super excited to try everything but it was salty. This place gets way to crowd, feels like breathing on eachother. i know that we was late for our reso they made us waited for like 1 hour and half almost for a table. The restaurant is tapas which i like its can try all different type of stuff. we order about 10 itesm some tasted good and some was really salty. i will come back just to try the brunch.The food here is excellent, I would give it a 5 out of 5.  I am a huge fan of the potato & goat cheese pierogies, french onion soup dumplings and chicken and waffles.  The cocktails area all really good too, try the mojito and the strawberry fields.  The table service is always pretty good as well.Here is why this place gets two stars knocked off of my review.  If it weren't for this issue, I would have no problem giving it a 5.  Since this is a popular place, they want to get you out as soon as you are done eating.  I am normally OK with that, but not the way it was handled last time I was here.  We just ordered a round of drinks with the check.  We pay the bill we have full drinks and are told to leave because they need the table for another party.  I asked if it was OK if we bring the drinks by the waiting area to finish because the upstairs bar was rented out for the night and the hostess that asked us to get up said "I'm not sure."  Uhh really?  They why were we served drinks if we can't finish them?   My friend finished his drink by the door and gave it to the hostess who looked at him like he was a crazy person.  I mean, what did she expect?  This place isn't cheap and I always take care of my servers, I expect to be treated a little better considering.So this one girl is the issue.  Never got her name though.  I will gladly update my review to a 5 after my next visit if this issue does not repeat itself and the food continues to be awesome.Just read a few other reviews as I am writing this last sentence and I see that rushing you out is a common trend.  Thinking more about this, we ordered our entrees with our drinks.  I think we were sitting for a total of one hour for a group of 6.  That is pretty crazy.  I hope they stop this practice, but I doubt it as I am sure it is making them a lot of money.This place is insane on a weekend night. We started with cocktails in the upstairs bar. The jalapeno margarita was amazing but 4 drinks (2 margaritas, 2 glasses of wine) were $60. At least they were strong drinks!The restaurant was beyond packed with people having a great time. We secured a corner booth upstairs and ordered many items off the menu. The food was truly delicious. The truffled beef slider and onion soup dumplings were standouts. The shrimp and grits are very spicy so beware if that is not your thing. It is my thing, however. The meatballs were decent, nothing special but the pierogie was a delectable bite. The Fava Bean & Ricotta Ravioli was a little bland amongst the rest.We saved some room for dessert and were really glad we did. The s'mores creme brulee is otherworldly and the donuts with dipping sauces did not disappoint. I look forward to returning.Really noisy and packed. Food was just fine, and, of course small portions which is the trend in the city now. We had reservation for 6:15 but did not get in until 6:40. And you just can't move around that much due to the very limited space.The food is so good. Everything about the place is fantastic. They even have a gluten free menu!Love tapas style cause it allows you to try a bit of everything! French Onion Soup Dumpling live up to the hype, and the mini gyros were also very tasty. The atmosphere was trendy and our service was very quick. Only downfall was that we were rushed to leave right after our meal was over, even though we just got drinks that we were trying to finish up. Oh and how can I forget, the donuts are a must order! Delicious!We loved this place..The food was so tasty (the dishes we had anyway), service friendly, albeit a little slow sometimes and we had a nice booth between the 2 of us.A very comfy, enjoyable and tasty evening.So why only 4 stars?We sat down for dinner just before 7pm on a monday evening.The place was still not too busy and the crowd pretty mellow.By the time we left I desperately wanted to get out of there (come to think of it this maybe why i thought the service was getting slower)!Before 8 pm there was loud dance music playing as if they were expecting people to get up and actually dance.Maybe i'm getting old, but I do believe music should suit the mood and it just ruined it for us.So if you would like a very tasty, interesting, comfortable dinner be sure to get there before 7 pm early on a weeknight. Otherwise, the food will still be good, but the atmosphere quite different.WOW the food here was amazing!!!!!!  Here's what we had to eat:Chicken Taquitos - easily my favorite, so delicious.  I am Texan, I have had a lot of taquitos, I think these were the best I've ever hadEdamame - great flavorBrie and Apple Quesadilla - deliciousPopcorn Shrimp - amazingShrimp and Gritz - good, but they still make it better in the south!Creme Brulee with Marshmellow - THIS WAS SO GOOD IT MAKES YOU SO HAPPY YOU ARE EATING!!!!Overall I loved it.  From the outside this place is extremely unsuspecting - I wasn't even sure it was open.  But once you get inside it's a nice cozy place and really enjoyable.  Highly recommend!This is one of the best restaurants I've actually ever been to! Came here for NYE and have to say that everything from the food to the ambience was AMAZING! For NYE there was a pre-fix menu and you got to choose 2-3 items from each section. Every dish was perfection. There was a live DJ that made things festive too.The only negative thing I'd say about this place is that there are only 2 bathrooms (I think?) so lines were super long. Not enough of an issue to knock down a star because the food was just so memorable.IT WAS O.K.Good food, good ambiance, good service. A bit on the loud side but I'd def go back. Fun if you get a group together and order lots of plates to share!Stopped in around 6:00 last night for dinner. They were out of the Kobe Beef Sliders, which was very disappointing. We ordered an assortment of the other sliders and tapas, none of which were extraordinary. The lobster roll was probably the best thing we tried. The red snapper tacos were also pretty good.The only thing that really stood out was the dessert. At our server's (Laura, who was very good) strong recommendation, we tried the warm doughnuts and the creme brulee. Both were amazing.Absolutely loved this place! I went here for brunch with my sisters and the idea of a tapas style brunch sounded amazing. We ordered the blueberry waffles, pulled pork tostones, lobster benedict, and French onion soup dumplings. Did not wait long to be served and we got one plate at a time. Everything was delicious and we of course tried a couple of their signature mimosas which were also delicious. The plates were shared amongst three and it was the perfect amount. I didn't feel too stuffed or hungry when I left. Service was phenomenal and great atmosphere. I would suggest making a reservation here. We made ours for 11:30, which is when they open, and plenty of other people had the same idea. I'm sure its packed by 1! Highly recommend trying it out. Will be back, I want to try all of their dishes!I've given this two stars, because the food is amazing and creative. The service is pretty good. But picture being trapped on a slave ship. Packed in like sardines. A table for seven, according to them, is a table for four. Picture being fed a drop of luxury for the moments you are trapped in between people. If you are lucky enough to get to the bathroom, there is only one stall. If you are caustrophobic do not come here. If you like being packed in as a sardine than do. My God you couldn't pay me enough to go back here again even for the good food. Good luck.This place is so pretty and so comfy and cozy....it's quite romantic and the drinks are great.  I like that they have the dining room downstairs and the lounge upstairs.  It makes it feel like you're not on top of diners when all you want to do is have a few drinks.  And those are spectacular, by the way.  The drinks are fresh and elegant without being too "poshy."  It's a nice little gem of a place.The Stanton Social is a fun and trendy restaurant in the LES with a full raw bar and tapas style small plates. The restaurant's three level gorgeous space displays a glowing wine wall showcasing 2,000 bottles of wine, and a menu that is designed to offer different flavors and dishes brought steadily and continuously throughout your meal. I've been on a dumpling kick lately (Buddakan, Huong Viet and Veselka (counting pierogies as a form of  dumpling), and The Stanton Social fits right in with that theme. They are known for their French Onion Soup Dumplings. I first heard about these on The Best Thing I Ever Ate. Like Claire Robinson says in the video, this appetizer "rocks the appetizer WORLD". With each bite, you get the crispy texture of the dumpling, filled with french onion soup made with four types of onions caramelized in butter, red wine, chicken and beef broth that simmers for hours, that is then topped and baked with nutty gruyere cheese and a garlic crouton. B A M. The Kobe Beef Burger, Grilled Cheddar Jalapeño and Bacon Slider, and Eggplant Parmesan are among a few of my favorite dishes here. They also offer a mouth-watering, bangin' looking brunch and lots of cocktail and wine choices. No matter what, save room for dessert. The Warm Doughnuts served with caramel, chocolate and raspberry dipping sauces are delish. Not quite as good as the one's at Flex Mussels, but still awesome. And if doughnuts aren't your thing, their entire Dessert menu looks incredible from the S'Mores Creme Brulee... to the Blueberry Olive Oil Cake... to the Mocha Sundae with coffee ice cream, brownies and espresso meringue. Other menu highlights I can't wait to try: Noti Spiced Tuna Tartare Roll Rhode Island Style Lobster Roll Butternut Squash Ravioli with candied pecans and vanilla brown butterSpaghettini Carbonara braised pork belly, and a sunny-side up quail eggWasabi Pea Crusted Salmon asian pesto & soba noodle-beet saladSocial Mac & Cheese chorizo, roasted poblanosAHHHH-MAZING restaurant...specially for a group dinner. On a previous occasion, I had to the bar area upstairs and didn't think much of this place. Came here the other night for a dinner and sat on the first level and the whole experience couldn't have been more different. Every single item on the menu was mouthwatering delicious. They even gave us some sort of cucumber gazpacho as soon as we sat down...which was also incredible! Ambience is fantastic..loud but not loud enough to disturb your table conversations. -1 star for the filth factor of the upstairs bar and the common bathrooms. Also for being extremely slow to seat us (took them 45 mins from our reservation time)I got an organsm while eating the food here like seriously this is one my all time BESTTTTTTTTTTT restaurants ever, its a lil dark in here tho but whatever the food was sooooooooooooooo goodd, i wanted to order the entire menu....its family style sharing so basically you order small dishes and share it with ya partner or group, I say order about 4-5 plates is about right for 2 people....we got the french onion dumpling, tuna tartar, red snapper tacos, CRABCAKE CORNDOGS OMG THIS IS FFFFINGGG GOOD, beef brisket slider, mushroom ravioli and SMORES CREME BRULEE, eating this is like having sex, its a threesome in your mouth *drrooolllsssss*, they made this just right, not too sweet or flavorlessA lil bit pricy but hey you get what you paid for and this was worth every penny, Im definietly comign back to this place when Im in town againGreat fun atmosphere - club music playing while you're eating haha French onion soup dumplingsTempura 'popcorn' shrimpPotato & Goat Cheese Pierogies Donuts for dessert are yummyHad a rather disappointing and even upsetting dining experience there last night.To start with the upsetting part: We had just gotten our dessert and were starting to eat when our waitress brought us the check. We hadn't asked for it yet, and so we were flabbergasted. I asked her why and she said: "Well that's just the flow of the restaurant", whatever that was supposed to mean. I told her it feels to us like we were being pushed out, and she said something like "No no no, sorry, that's not at all what I mean." Yeah, right! I understand restaurants want to fill their seats as often as possible, but there are more gracious ways to go about it, and this was downright rude. And we hadn't even been lingering. We ordered our food ten minutes after we arrived, and we ordered desserts pretty much as soon as we finished our mains. That alone is a reason to never go back.But the other one is the food. It's just mediocre overall, and for that it's really overpriced. A few dishes like the lamb souvlaki and the pierogi were excellent. But the French onion soup dumplings, one of their signature dishes, were a disappointment: Dry and not very flavorful. And some of the dishes were simply terrible: The fish tacos tasted very, very fishy and were also almost comically small. The crab cake corn dogs had basically no flavor at all. Pretty good fries, but very boring mac&cheese. Overall definitely not worth the 100 Dollars plus each of us paid in the end for our food and drinks.The French Onion Soup Dumplings live up to the hype -- they're fantastic and also smell amazing.   I'd go back just for these.  Unfortunately, the rest of the food was so-so and not worth the high prices and the service was not great.  The hostess didn't say much of anything to us but definitely had the stereotypical NYC "you are so, so lucky to be dining in my unbelievably cool restaurant" vibe.  Her facial expressions were completely full of disdain.  Our waitress was thankfully much friendlier, but my husband and I both thought she was quite pushy and trying too hard to upsell.   The worst example of this was after our meal she asked if we wanted anything else and we said no thanks, just the bill.   She came back a few minutes later without the bill and asked if we were sure we didn't want to just take a look at a dessert menu.  The food is tapas/small plates style.  The tapas average around $15 and our waitress said she would recommend 5-6 for 2 people, which would be quite expensive.   I think you could get away with 3-4 though if you're not starving.  We weren't that hungry and shared 3 for a light meal that left us full but not stuffed.  We had: the aforementioned french onion soup dumplings ($12), crabcake corndogs ($13) and chicken n waffles ($19).  The dumplings were served in an escargot plate and stuffed with broth and caramelized onions, topped with melted gruyere and skewered alongside a crouton.  As I said, I loved these - they were one of the most delicious and creative dishes I've ever had.  The crabcake corndogs were a great idea in theory, but I thought poorly executed.  The breading was quite mushy, not crispy like a corn dog should be and I thought the crab tasted too "fishy."   My husband loved them though.   The chicken and waffles were good but not what I expected - the chicken was grilled instead of fried and the waffles were pretty soggy.  The favors were spot on though - I could really taste the corn in the waffle and the balsamic sauce on the chicken was great.  I expected this plate to be bigger because it was $19 but it was still an appetizer portion - I think the other two apps were better deals price-wise.  Overall, most of the food was decently tasty but (with the exception of the dumplings) it wasn't "$60 (with tax and tip) for three appetizers" good.The food was pretty good: I highly recommend the beef wellington (the foie gras adds an earthy richness without being overpowering), the baby spinach salad (light, great blend of flavors), and the spanakopita. The ambiance...was a little harder to stomach. The music was quite loud and, when requesting to dial it down just slightly, our waiter informed us that the managers like to keep it loud to add to the restaurant's effect. Not a great place for a 1st, 2nd or 3rd date or to take parents who don't appreciate Rihanna remixes. We were also quite squished - they squeezed five parties onto one long bench, making for frequent adjustments and cozy company. A fun place to go with some girlfriends before going out, but not a good spot for dates or out-of-towners that you want to actually talk to during the meal.So I've been here 4-5 times, I think Chef Chris Stantos has done a great job with this place. It's always packed and there is always a wait, but it's always worth it. Yes this place is loud, also the decor is very modern and trendy.The Food:Chicken N' Waffles- This is not what you normally think of when you think of Chicken and waffles, but this is the best I ever had. This is my stamp of approval for best chicken and waffles. They do a cheddar waffle with fried chicken, a corn pudding with a balsamic glaze. Holy Jesus, this is an excellent dish. The Stanton Social Beef Wellington- This is another great dish but some might find the slight livery taste to be off putting. It's a cooked filet with a foie gras mousse and mushrooms wrapped in puff pastry. I like this dish some much because I love every element of the dish. The filet, the foie gras, mushroom and puff pastry all work to make a great end product. French Onion Soup Dumplings- This dish is very unique, I think it's a good dish but not amazing. And it is so freakin hot when it's served, so wait a few minutes. It's served in the dish escargots are usually served in. It a deconstructed version of french onion soup, it has a dumpling with the french onion soup with a crouton on top with melted cheese covering the entire dish.Kobe Philly- I don't know why I liked this dish so much, it was also barely the size of a hot dog bun, so don't expect to get full. The truffle and goat cheese fondue are excellent with the beef, it's only a few bites but they are a very good few bites.Warm Doughnuts- This dish, depending who you ask, is either good or wet dream good. I think it's just good, it's fresh made doughnuts with sprinkled sugar and caramel sauce, raspberry sauce and chocolate dipping sauce.Some friends and I decided to go to here because they had a gluten-free menu, which came in handy for my friend who has a gluten allergy. We ordered a few drinks before we had dinner, and the drinks were great. I had the Strawberry Fields cocktail, which came with plenty of crushed strawberries.When we ordered dinner, we ordered a few things off the gluten-free menu for our friend to enjoy. We ordered the Essex Street Pickles, Red Snapper Tacos, and Herb-dusted Frites from the gluten-free menu. Our waitress came back a few minutes later, saying that it was probably not safe for our friend to eat the Red Snapper Tacos and frites because they were fried in the same fryer as other items not listed on the special menu. So, pretty much, their gluten-free menu was pointless. They replaced her items with a salmon salad, but still charged us for it. She got sick the morning after, which probably goes to show that they weren't very careful with their food preparation either.Overall, the food was nothing special. This place is good for the cocktails, but eat dinner elsewhere. And don't bring friends with celiac disease.Maybe my friends had hyped this place up too much, so I had really high expectations, buuuut all's I'm saying is this place is quite good, but nothing mind blowing. In terms of decor--the dark panels and exposed brick--it looks great, but feels strange that the tables are sooo close that a fuller bootay would have a hard time getting by (ok fine that was kind of a self call), and you hear conversation bits from tables on both sides.The Food:They give you a gazpacho to start off with--quite refreshing and a nice touchI got the Watermelon Ginger Marg to start with--really weak drink, though refreshing. Could be worse for the price of $13 I supposeWe tried to get a little bit of everything for our tapas, and they really ranged:Duck & Kale Salad (5/5): really refreshing, an explosion of different flavors that all worked very well together--great as a starter. I usually hate kaleKobe Beef Sliders (4/5): we ordered them rare, but they were medium rare #carnivoreproblems. but very flavorful and meat was tenderFrench Onion Soup Dumplings  (3/5): the biggest disappointment of the bunch--having had real xiaolongbao many times, we were expecting much more soup in the dumpling. they were dry and also were difficult to get out of the holderChicken n Waffles (3/5): I didn't even realize these were the chicken and waffles until I was counting off everything we had ordered. nothing too memorable about it; waffle was a bit too doughy and not crispy enough. chicken was lightly seasoned, and it had a syrupy sauceRibs (4.5/5): meat is pertty much coming off the bone tender, and the salad on top helps cleanse your palate and balances out the flavor nicely. I thought it could've been a tad bit lighter on the sauce though.90 Proof Milkshake Shot (5/5): not too sweet, quite rich, but not too creamy, and just a hint of the bourbon taste, and tastes more of the caramel. Great way to close off the meal without feeling too heavy!!Overall: enjoyable, with some menu standouts, but somewhat strange place for a date night. Probably better with a small group of friends!Finally!  I made it to the Stanton Social!  Although Google Maps gave me the wrong address and I had to ask a guy walking into his apartment where the restaurant was...and felt like an idiot when he pointed across the street.I was here for an engagement brunch so everything was pre-ordered.  The service was good and the food just kept coming.  We were seated at the mezzanine level and it was nice to have a semi-private party. Among the menu, we had double decker grilled cheese sandwiches (I could only eat half of it...just not my scene) and some breakfast tacos that were delicious.  If I return, I will only eat these breakfast tacos.  Folks were raving about the soup dumplings but I thought they were only so-so.  We also had the pierogis which were just ok for me.  I enjoyed the chicken and waffles although by that time I was already full.  The potato latkes were also delightful.  It was nice to be able to try a lot of things and we more or less had one bite of each but I was stuuuffffed.  Since I didn't pay I can't comment on the prices.  It was packed the entire time we were there, noon to 2 pm.  It's not a real breakfasty type atmosphere but the food is solid and I'd come back for an early lunch.The vibe and ambiance of Stanton Social is cool and young. Service was actually surprisedly great. I had dinner with a large party of 7 people, and we didn't want to wait for a table in the main dinning area. We managed to get seated upstairs in the bar/lounge open seating area without waiting. TIP: The bar/lounge area also serves the full restaurant menu. Food: Underwhelming. We ordered a bunch of items to share such as the philly cheese sliders, kobe sliders, chicken and waffle, crab cake corn dogs, warm donuts - nothing was memorable. I do want to emphasize my review on the signature French Onion Soup Dumplings, since that was the only thing I thought was interesting on the menu. The dumpling tasted like a giant piece of rubbery dough with french onion soup flavor. Great idea, execution fail.Honestly, I really wish the chef/kitchen puts more thoughts into the food. Unfortunate to say, Stanton Social just seems to be nothing more than a pretentious lounge serving food that's tasteless. Skip the food, come for the ambiance and drinks.Uber trendy and loud but a lot of fun and yummy food.  We lucked out and had a great table all the way in the back facing the front offend restaurant, great spot and not too noisy there.  We had great service, ordered a ton of food and pigged out.  The place has a good vibe, it's young and hip!We had the soup dumplings of course and they were relish. Also liked the tuna tatami and beef Wellington.  Fish tacos and beef carpaccio just ok.  And for dessert, omg! We tried five things and luckily we walked five miles today to burn off those calories. Would definitely go back and try a few more dishes. Cool place.Sriracha pea encrusted salmon.No need to say anything else. Good thing we ordered it last or we would have just kept ordering it over and over and never tried anything else.Despite the fact that the first thing that comes to mind when you use the phrase "restaurant" is food, food isn't the only thing on the menu. Take Stanton Social -- it's a perfect example of how food isn't the only thing on which a restaurant can and should be judged.First, mad props to Chris Santos for the food -- we'd been hearing how wonderful the food is at Stanton and once we were seated and got a chance to sample the eats, we were impressed from top to bottom. Some of the higher points were those French Onion Soup dumplings -- I don't care what anyone says, if you like French onion soup and you like perfectly-caramelized onions, cheese and uber-flavor, you need these things in your life -- as well as the Huevos Rancheros, the Croque Monsier, etc. Foodwise I think our only criticism was the Chicken and Waffles which was simply (albeit definitely) above-average.Can't speak to the impressive cocktails -- we knocked back champagne and straight vodka tonics so that didn't come into play, but the drink menu is varied and creative and worth a peek or three.The real problem at Stanton isn't the food -- it's the 45-minute wait for a table despite having a reservation. It's the ear-splitting disco dance party that invades your personal and aural space while you're trying to decide what to order from the small plates tasting menu.It's the overflowing upstairs bathroom that requires bleach and janitorial services while you're enjoying an otherwise tasty, odor-free brunch.We really enjoyed brunch -- despite the silly wait and the sillier noise -- and we might even go back. But while the food is on our Top Ten, the restaurant doesn't crack our Top 25 if only because there is great food elsewhere that doesn't necessitate an hour's wait or ear-plugs.With just a few minor changes and some tweaking this could very well be our favorite restaurant. We'll keep our fingers crossed and our hopes up.Food - 10/10Vibe - 6/10Noise - 11/10 (a la Spinal Tap)Customer Service - 4/10Wait Staff - 8/10Was so excited to go there for my wife's birthday. I made the reservation 30days ago and didn't know there was going to be a heat wave. They crammed 9 of us in a corner with the temp hovering around 82 . There was a larger table empty next to us and when we asked to move there we were denied.  Our server was actually rude the whole night.As our horrible service continued we became more and more fed up. Once we got a manager she only wanted to take care of us at a later date.  Sorry Stanton not coming back eva eva.it's a shame great food and drinks.Go to beauty and Essex!After reading reviews on here before trying Stanton Social, I was a bit nervous. Many reviewers felt the service sucked, so I was basically expecting the waiter/waitress to be snobby, be pissed that I was using a Gilt voucher, and effectively ruin my experience - buttttt BOY was I wrong! The Stanton Social was a fabulous experience - delish food, great great great service!!!!! (A++++) and beautiful atmosphere. I had made reservations about a month in advance (as the Gilt Voucher tells you to do) and I was delighted that my table was ready immediately at 8PM on a Sunday. I know the city is always busy, but for some reason I thought the restaurant may be quiet on Sunday...again, I was wrong about this place. The place was buzzing, a very cool hipsterish vibe (conveniently located in up and coming gentrified LES.) It has very dim lighting, super romantic and chic. Great date place for sure, but also accommodating many large groups for bigger parties. Now, onto the service, our waiter was a young guy, maybe in his late 20's, early 30's who was a DOLLLLLL. He didn't flinch when I mentioned we have a Gilt voucher and didn't even ask to see it until we were paying our bill. He put in the pre-fix orders right away, slowly went over the drink menu (I'm a bit picky and wasnt sure what to get hehe..) and recommended what we should order. We added a few additional menu items (Kobe sliders - just do it!!) and we tried to snapper tacos, meatballs, pizza, french onion soup dumplings, chicken arepas, and probably some other items I can't remember but the tapas are all freaking amazing. In particular I looooved the arepas and the french onion soup dumplings (duh, you have to get those, theyre practically famous)  We ended our meal with warm doughtnuts which were delicious - if you can realistically eat 85 tapas and then have dessert. Our server was attentive the entire time, but not overly in our space. The bus boys did a great job of cleaning up in between each course, and our drinks were quickly refilled as we enjoyed them. Overall, the Stanton Social was a great experience. The mood is very cool, food was amazing, drinks amazing, and service, despite what others have experience, also very good! Definitely looking to come back soon!!! Chris Santos is a god, as per usual :)Amazing Sunday brunch dishes - fun hip atmospheres / highly recommendCute and trendy spot for a dinner date or a fun group dinner in the LES.  The cocktails are all awesome! Tapas style and it's all pretty good. Hanged out in the lounge and the music was good.  Was able to get a group in the couch area upstairs and just hung out listening to sweet beats.  Fun times!!!!Rather disappointing after all the hype about this place.1) lady at the front wouldn't seat us until everyone in the party arrived- wtf? That is just plain rude when you've made a reservation already, not to mention that we also said that we will start ordering appetizers and drinks immediately. But no. Personally I find that one of the most unreasonable policies especially for a restaurant that's more of a place for socializing than eating. It is meant for groups, and as common sense and logic dictate, the bigger the group is the more likely it is that people won't be arriving at the same time. Had to wait for 20 min until friend arrived and consequently got seated. 2) I am not a misogynist but this place srsly has way too many women. It should be called Sorority Palace or something.. no joke. It might have been just that particular Friday me and my (female- ha!) friends went, but I am pretty sure 80% of the clientele consisted of groups of girls. 3) Food was okay. I liked the shareable approach of the menu, but the food themselves were really just very ordinary. We had a group of 6 people and thus could pretty much get a small taste of everything. Nothing was bad, nor extraordinary. Place was also too loud for any real culinary experience/revelation to happen.The only upside is that they make great cocktails, and gives you a good opportunity to dress up as everyone in there looked great.A little crowded towards later in the night, but overall amazing food, great service, and not that expensive for a nice NYC restaurant (the majority of our bill came from drinks.) Highly recommended - make sure you get a reservation ahead of time though!I think I have an idea as to Stanton Social's employment policy.Must be 25 or younger.Must be 5'8 or taller.Must be 120lbs or lighter.Must be White.Dress Code: approximately 30-40% of your skin must be exposed at all times.In essence, you will feel like you just walked into a club in the meatpacking district.I suppose I shouldn't speak of these traits as if they were evils. There is clearly a population of people that enjoy eating at a club. I just turn out to be more of a t-shirt and jeans kind of guy and enjoy having my food served to me by someone wearing sensible shoes. Not to say that the service here was bad. Everyone was extremely friendly and our waitress was very helpful with the menu. The food was great. I loved the french onion dumplings and the kobe beef sliders but the chicken and waffles were underwhelming.The couple sitting next to us looked like they had stepped off the set of Housewives of whereever.My experience here wasn't terrible by any means. I think that if you enjoy this type of dining experience i.e club music, glitzy decor, peri-pubescent servers, you can't do much better than Staton Social.Me? I would rather eat at a place where the focus is more on the food and less on, well, everything else.Love the small plates. Our server suggested 4-5 plates and she was spot on. Just perfect for two people. We went with 4 plates, red snapper tacos, pierogies (spelling?!), spaghetti carbonara, and the chicken and waffles. By far the best dishes were the first two. I'm still dreaming abt them. The spaghetti was delicious as well, with pork belly nice and crisp. I was very much looking forward to the chicken and waffles but was very disappointed.  The waffles were soggy, and the chicken wasn't fried, just little pieces of boring chicken on top of the waffles :( Dessert we had the s'mores creme brûlée which was sooooo good!! I was torn between choosing that or the donuts, glad I went with the creme brûlée! Also had the milkshake shot, delicious!!!Our server was friendly, attentive and always came by to refill our water, or ask us how it was going. Can't wait to go back! It was a bit loud but it made for a fun atmosphere. Made a reservation on opentable and we were seated upon arrival. Perfect!Since we enjoyed SS for brunch so much, we headed back for dinner. Not long after checking in with the hostess, my husband realized he left his wallet in a cab. After running down the streets and talking to other cabbies to try and get in touch with ours, it was a lost cause. We had to push back our ressi because of this, so I guess the hostess had notified the manager of our predicament, because the second we sat down, he came over with champagne and appetizers for our whole table. He apologized for what had happened to us and hoped this may help turn the night around. CLASSY PLACE!!!! and they weren't the cheap apps either - red snapper tacos and the goat cheese pierogis that are one of the highest selling dishes. We couldn't get over how sweet that was of them, and it certainly helped the very sour mood we were all in. We ordered many other dishes and all of them were fabulous. My favorites include the pierogis, lamb soulvaki and baby back ribs. The icing on the cake was the red velvet twinkie - YUM! I love red velvet everything, and this was certainly a standout. Highly recommend!!Thanks again to the management at SS!!Stanton Social has been on my list to dine at for years. I finally went this past weekend. My girlfriends surprised me by having my bachelorette party there. Its a perfect place for a large group, great party scene, excellent food, service and drinks. There were probably 10 other bach/birthday parties there that night. We got seated on the second floor overlooking the main dining room. The food was beyond amazing. We did a pre-fix menu with about 7 different tapas and 2 desserts. It was a little too much food but everything was so delicious I couldn't help but try them all.My favorite were the Red Snapper tacos, Kobe beef sliders, and Srircacha pea crusted salmon. I was stuffed by the end of dinner, so I didn't get a chance to try the doughnuts with dipping sauce. I would definitely go here again.Oversalted, but the attention to detail in presentation is nice. You're paying top dollar for "hip" ambience here.wow really impressed, great atmosphere music was awesome. food was absolutely delicious. french onion dumplings cant be explained. service was spot on. whats not to love?will be back!!This place is trendy. In fact, when I look around, some of the guys have a little bit too much hair gel, and the ladies have a little bit too much oomph to their girls. Agree with the other reviewer, this place is a meatpacking district wannabe. The food is just ok. It seems like it would taste AMAZING because their menu is interesting and innovative, however when you try it, it's just ok, taste like a million other places in the city. French onion soup dumplings were interesting but salty.Red snapper tacos were generic tacos served at a nice trendy restaurant, tasty and too small in portion.Pulled pork slider had pulled pork that was tender and well flavored. Social mac and cheese tasted like mac and cheese.It's not a place for foodies, it's a place to impress a date. Plus the bar upstairs is a hipster paradise. Come here for sexy time, not for the food.Really a 3.5 ExperienceCame here last Saturday with my fiancé. We had reservations and we were seated on time. Our table and seats were too tight. If we were not as skinny as we are we wouldn't have been able to access our table! I took the seat on the sofa and despite my long skinny legs I had trouble seating! Drinks: I ordered the 1940s Champagne Julep. $13 for a champagne glass halfway full of ice? No thank you! It had nothing special or good to remember. This item should be removed from the menu or the recipe should be changed entirely. I was thinking that I should've ordered the Basil-Lime Gimlet, which most people were having, but hey we got free shots. OMG I swallowed because I was in front of other people but that shot felt like unblended pesto sauce in my mouth. After these experiences I decided to only drink water. Food: French Onion Soup Dumplings. (B-) I guess they were okay but the cheese was so hard I had to cut it with a knife. Hand Pulled Chicken Arepas. (C+) The chicken was cold, missing flavor besides the heat. Cuban Spiced Baby Back Ribs: (A+) Best dish of the night. Full of flavor and the meat super tender, falling of the bones. Kobe Beef Burger: (B+) Nothing memorable. Chicken and waffles: (A) good flavor and tender chicken. Desserts:S'mores Crème Brulèe. (A) It comes in tree different cups. Great for sharing. Milk Chocolate Salted Caramel Mousse. (A) I wish it was a little less dense but still very good. Service: always polite and attentive. The flow of food started nice but then we ended up with three plates almost at the same time. I may go back but not soon.i have been to the stanton social twice now. i love the decor of this place. the crowd is always beautiful too! the only problem is the food just didn't seem worth the price. on both occasions. the first time i went was for a friend's bday and we had the regular tapas - shared mac and cheese, sliders, etc. but nothing really stood out to me. the second time was very recent for a friend's bachelorette party, we got a prix fixe menu with a pretty big selection of things to taste. the lobster roll was the only thing i remember but even THAT wasn't AMAZING. (some items on the menu included lobster rolls, hanger steak, arugula salad, giant meatballs, cookies, and homemade donuts) the ambience, decor, and venue are great but the food is alright.we also had made a reservation both times but had to wait an extra 30 min the first time, and a little over an hour the second time. (the first time i went was on a weeknight while the latter was on a friday night). i didn't mind the wait b/c we ended up on both occasions having a couple drinks upstairs at the bar/lounge area.This was my second time to SS. My first time was years ago before I was a Yelper, so I was excited to visit this time to make record of my experience.  Unfortunately, my first visit was much better than this one.This time we had a late night 10:30 PM reservation. The place was PACKED and the probably the noisiest restaurant I've ever been in in my life--seriously.  Wouldn't have been a big deal except for the fact that we were meeting a friend that we hadn't seen in years.  So it was going to be a big talking dinner.  Not the kind of place you want to catch up with an old friend.  Last time I came here, it was like a 5:00 PM reservation, I remember it was quiet and subdued.  A much nicer memory.  I must be getting old.Here's what we ordered.PEROGIES--Nice.  Filled with potatoes and goat cheese.  Recommended.TUNA TARTAR--Tiny but tasty. Recommended.PHILLY SLIDER--They were out of the big seller, the Kobe Beef Slider.  But the Philly was still decent, but go with the Kobe Beef Slider.FRENCH ONION SLIDERS--The signature dish of this place.  This dish was featured on the Food TV show "The Best Thing I Ever Ate".  If you come here, you really *have* to order this. RecommendedRED SNAPPER TACOS--Just OK. Don't recommend.MAC N CHEESE--Less than OK.  Way too much smoke flavor from the cheese.  Don't recommend.CARBONARA--The loser dish of the night.  Not even ordinary.  Almost tasteless.  Please, someone, tell me.  How can you screw up Carbonara? For a place of this caliber to mess up a dish so rich and tasty like Carbonara is not good. Like I said, don't know how that can happen. Don't recommend.BABY BACK RIBS--Good.  Recommended.MEATBALLS--Just OK.  On par with Macaroni Grill meatballs.  Nothing great. Don't recommend.WARM DONUTS w/DIPPING SAUCE--Good.  Still, because this is supposed to be high end, I expect better than this.  But they were good.  How bad can warm doughnuts be anyway.SS's menu is all about hit and miss.  Sometimes you get a good dish, and sometimes you don't.  This is 3 star joint.We were able to get a reservation here for bunch without too much hassle. The brunch is pretty amazing. The bloody mary has a good kick and excellent flavor. For campari drinkers, there is a bittersweet mimosa that has campari and moscati..What I liked most about this place was that the brunch plates were all tapas style shared plates..  The sliders are single serving and very tasty. The onion soup dumplings (a must have from what I read) were pretty good.. If they had been a little more moist, it would have been out of this world.. The banana pancakes were all mini sized, easy to share, and had excellent flavor. Really everything we ate was pretty good: Country Style Eggs Benedict, profiteroles, Croque Monsieur 'Satays', etc.. So just order what you like..  For 4 people we ordered 7 dishes.. It was just the right amount of food to get the day started..  If you are going for stuffed, order more.. Service is pretty fast, so you can always order more as needed..So the only reason I didn't give the place 5 stars was the lighting. I'm very happy we were seated upstairs. The downstairs dining area was kinda dim and not bright and happy feeling for a noon time brunch. Upstairs, on the other hand, had some decent sky lighting that did brighten up the room a bit. However, I wished it was a tad brighter/sunnier.. I would say thats one of my fav things about a chill brunch- the ability to enjoy a day meal on a sunny day in the shade. After all, most lunches are on a work day with all the hustle and bustle..Loved this spot! Some of my favorite tapas were the chicken and waffles, tuna roll, and the beef carpaccio. I sipped on their signature margarita while my friend enjoyed the strawberry fields drink, both delish! And we ended our meal with hot chocolate shots and the s'mores dessert. We were happily informed that Monday night they have social hour upstairs from 11-12 when we were able to continue our night with open bar. Awesome! Can't wait to go back and bring out of towners!For awhile now, I was eyeing Stanton Social like a fat kid eyeing a piece of cake.  After hearing much praise and reading many positive reviews, I made it my personal mission to eat here.  So finally, on a chilly night, I stopped by Stanton Social with a fellow yelper and had a delightful experience.  Here's what we ordered:French Onion Soup Dumplings - nice onion flavor and tasty.Red Snapper Tacos - really liked it, but too bad it's literally the size of my thumb.Mac & Cheese - the chorizo and tomato really make the dish. Thai Spiced Baby Back Ribs - tender and falls off the bone. yum!Our waitress was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.  For tapas, it's moderately priced but it adds quickly if you're hungry and swiftly devouring the small portions.  I had two gripes about this place - music was way too LOUD and makes it difficult for conversation.  Secondly, the tables are tucked together too closely.  I got annoyed of having to adjust my chair, several times throughout night, to let another patron and servers pass through.  (I probably burned off all the food I ate doing that!)  The great food really saved me from giving Stanton Social three stars.  I'll assume the chair incident was a fluke and I'm willing to return and try the other dishes on the menu.  Final thoughts:+ Delicious food, good service, trendy and nice decor-  Music is too loud, can get priceyWhile loitering in front of the restaurant, I saw at least six different groups of reasonably attractive to extremely hot girls make their way into Stanton Social in high heels and short party dresses.  When my party arrived, I summarily proclaimed to them that I was a genius in selecting this venue for a joint birthday venture.  Of course, at the time of this declaration, my long suffering girlfriend was around the corner buying Pepcid AC in preparation for a long night of carousing - which was unfortunately abbreviated by my Irish exit at VU bar around midnight - but that is neither here nor there.Similar to its sister property, Beauty and Essex, Stanton Social is a posh representative of glam Manhattan replete with dark, gothic interiors and requisite good looking gay host at the front desk.  In addition, the wait staff was attentive, drinks were stiff but toothsome and the food was solid.  This was especially impressive as we were drawing off of a mandatory large party menu which was more than reasonably priced.  I think in the end, everyone left stuffed and tipsy for $95 per person all in, which in a high cost-of-living area like NYC is perfectly acceptable.I'm wondering what the LA equivalent would be...the food here was INSANE good! I had heard great things and decided to have my birthday dinner here with a group of friends. made a reservation on a Saturday night, and even had to call back to change details about the reservation with no hassle. the ambiance was very cool, lots of young people enjoying themselves downstairs and my party was encouraged to wait at the bar upstairs while our table was clearing out.we ended up getting about 8 courses between 6 people, all of which were phenomenal. I heard the kitchen is the same as Beauty & Essex a block away, and up until that point that kitchen was producing some of my favorite food I've had while living in NYC.highly recommend this place, great vibe, excellent service, AMAZING food!I thought this place was going to be all about ambience, but the food is actually really good.  I actually docked off the star for being deafening loud (so much that you end up asking the person you are with to repeat themselves over and over again) and for it being so crowded (and therefore rushed) for dinner on a Thursday night.  The vibe is very much alive inside (hopping bar on second floor) and you almost don't feel like you are on the Lower East Side, actually.  We were two girls and we ended up getting five tapas I think or all that I can recall, may have actually been six, and sharing.  We were trying to figure out what type of food we were eating, but ended up settling on it all being an eclectic mix of fusion from all over the world.  Usually with tapas places, dishes are hit and miss but we only had one miss which isn't too bad despite it being both our first time here for dinner.  In fact, it was the dish the waitress suggested that was the miss . . . Did not appreciate her pressuring us to order drinks and then rushing us through our meal.  If I can detect it, big no-no.  Additionally, we came exactly at our reservation time and yet still had to wait like 10 minutes and they were rather snooty when we checked up on the wait time.  Yep, that's another big no-no.  What is that but clear inability to manage crowd control in your own restaurant.  Too popular?  Raise your prices.  Strike a balance.  Not that I was expecting Michelin-level service, but seriously, snootiness on the lower east side is misplaced.  Otherwise, my take on the dishes are as follows:-  French Onion Soup Dumplings:  Good, taste like you would expect, but do get soggy if you do not eat quickly. -  Potato and Goat Cheese Pierogies:  Very good and hearty and perfectly balanced out with the divine truffle creme fraiche-  Baby Spinach Salad:  Surprisingly not dull, but with a delicious dressing and the spiced cashews took it to a whole new level.-  Shrimp and Grits (this was more like a main dish):  Really spicy and good creole style, sounds uninteresting, but a really creative combination that worked well together-  Baked Spanokopita:  Recommended by the waitress . . . spinach feta fried hybrid thing.  We both did not finish nor touch again after one bite.I appreciated their throwing in the complimentary celery soup at the start of the meal.  The food was satisfying.  Just the experience felt very rushed.Great cocktails - and I like how the food is served (easy for sharing because you get mini versions of everything so there's no slicing and dicing - for example 5 mini banana pancakes in one order). Some things were really tasty: the banana pancakes and huevos rancheros (in the form of mini soft tacos) in particular. I'd pass on the sliders (I had the kobe beef and the bacon, egg and cheese buttermilk biscuit), red snapper tacos (was expecting it to be amazing but wasn't anything special in taste), and french onion soup dumplings (over-laden with cheese), Music is really loud and makes you feel like you're in a dance club... which works for some people, but doesn't work for me for weekend brunch. You should definitely make a reservation bc it's a madhouse, at least for brunch! If you don't make a reservation though, consider going upstairs to the bar which is a smaller, more low-key space, and has a lounge area with comfortable couches and tables you can eat at. Service is a little slow in the lounge area of the upstairs bar tho - on the upside, you get seated much more quickly than at the main restaurant.Not impressed.I came here with a friend in search of the much acclaimed french onion soup dumplings and warm doughnuts. Somehow, we ended up being too full for dessert (pretty remarkable considering the size of tapas) so the dumplings were our most awaited dish. I just didn't like the combination of the sweet sauteed onions and the gruyere. Unpopular opinion here, sorry.As for the other dishes, I am a native New England-er and the lobster rolls were miniature sized disappointments. I felt like I was doing my background a disservice by ordering a single tiny, itty bitty roll for the price of a full one at home. Even worse, it was filled with mayo, celery, and other seasonings that do NOT belong on lobster rolls.Potato and goat cheese pierogi... also nothing to write home about. I actually forgot we even tried it when writing this review!The restaurant is beautifully decorated if that means anything. At the beginning of our meal they also gave us some white gazpacho on the house. A great touch but I'm not crazy about gazpacho in the first place. Overall, I'd save my money. And I won't be back for those doughnuts either!I love love loved this restaurant.  We came for a friend's birthday last night, and since there were 5 of us we were able to order practically one of everything on the menu.  Everything was amazing, and some of the dishes were very unique.  French onion soup dumplings were my favorite; that and potato and goat cheese pierogies topped with truffle creme fraiche.  It was definitely pricey; $8 for a single slider is a little bit insane, but we had a great time and I would definitely come back for a special occasion.I enjoyed the trendy ambiance, Strawberry Fields cocktail and Kobe beef sliders. But at the end of the day, the menu is comprised of glorified bar food.We made a reservation through OpenTable and was able to get in with just a few days notice --- a welcomed surprise. I'll keep it simple:The Amuse Bouche - Cucumber Gazpacho was awesome and I'm going to try to recreate it very soon. Lovely shot of cooling cucumber with a slightly spicy kick. Our menu selections: 1. Smoked Duck & Kale Salad 5/5 --- Unexpectedly fabulous. The little goat cheese croutons and roasted beets were positively delicious. The only way this could be better would have been a little more duck.  2. French Onion Soup Dumplings 4/5 --- Gooey cheese, braised onions stuffed into a wrapper and baked. What could go wrong? Well, they were a little difficult to eat. Might have worked better if they were baked in individual spoons.3. Miso/Pea Salmon 5/5 - Best salmon I've ever had. Ever.4. Short Rib Tacos 3/5 - Found them to be a little boring. Little bland. 5. Spaghetti Carbonara 2/5 - Sigh. My heart breaks writing this. I wanted to love it but the pasta was woefully overcooked, sticky, and cold. The quail egg was overcooked as well. The pork belly was delicious and it's only saving grace.The service excellent, environment, stellar. The pricing was fair and pretty reasonable, all things considered. It was a little bit "sceney" but what do you expect? I'll be back... we didn't get the kobe beef sliders and I'm sure there's one with my name on it.If you are reading this, just stop and make a reservation. I think this is perhaps the best restaurant I've ever had the pleasure if dining at. The food is tapas style so you order small plates to share with your group. Keep in mind, some of the orders come in 3's or 6's which makes being in a group of 4 a bit awkward. However, they do offer to add another item so there is one per person charged "a la carte". Have the Pierogies. They are to die for. For dessert: don't skip the Creme brûlée. It is DELICIOUS. It is obvious that everything about every single item on the plate has been well-thought-out. Which I appreciate. There's definitely a lot of meticulous care that goes into the food, which is part of what makes it so enjoyable. The service was good however I felt strange tipping our waitress, when another man was bringing all the dishes. All our waitress had really done was explain the menu, take our order and ask how everything was going. I hope they share their tips. Be prepared to spend a bit. My party of 4 totaled a bill of $144. But it was worth every penny. Don't even hesitate, definitely a worthy experience.Came here for dinner with a bunch of guys. Had a great time. Seating was a bit tight, but that was our fault, we had two extra guys show up that were not originally on our reservation.With such a big crowd, and this being a more of a tapas/ sharing type of place, we annointed one of our friends who was familiar with food to do all of the ordering.  He was spot on.   Well, I think we had almost everything on the menu - my favorite dishes however, were the red snapper tacos and the meatballs...I'd recommend both dishes.  Another one that I enjoed was the braised shortrib tacos - another decent dish.  Service was decent, our waitress did come around and check up on us occasionally, and the crowd is sexy :)Didn't spend as much as I thought I would have, and left feeling full.Ok. So this has been the best brunch experience in NYC thus far. I have to honestly d say. So when planning a birthday, we knew we wanted to brunch and brunch we did. So when an eclectic group of friends, head to the city on a Sunday, we had one thing in mind. Good Eats!. I was biased to Stanton since I love Chef Chris from my favorite show Chopped. So I knew I was in for a great ride of culinary treats. I have to say, I was happy they were able to seat us quickly, considering we were running late So the 5 of us shared a booth, which allowed for this tapas style brunch invasion. The waiter informed us to order at least 2 dishes per person at the table, and we somewhat followed the rule. ok, no we didn't, and ended up having to order a few more dishes. I have to start with the drinks, I ordered the strawberry fields, it contained the only two types of alcohol I actually like, grey goose and Riesling together? with strawberries? Yum oh Yum... I was already happy and not one tapa hit the table. One of my friends had the proseco Bellini, and the guys settled on beer and black magic which consisted of Guinness with champagne. Interesting combo, but it worked. So we just went In with the tapas. Ricotta Fritters with raspberry jelly    Caramelized Banana Pancakes candied pecans, vanilla brown butter, maple syrup  Warm Doughnuts with fudge sauceCroque Monsieur 'Satays' mini brioche, country ham, gruyere, muenster      Red Snapper Tacos creamy avocado, spicy mango      Social Mac & Cheese chorizo, roasted poblanosCrispy Barrio-Style Chicken Taquitos roasted guajillo sauce, avocado, crema Old School Meatballs basil & ricotta Juan's Pulled Pork Tostones cuban-style black bean purée, garlic aioli      'Chicken N' Waffles' brick pressed chicken, aged cheddar waffle, corn pudding, balsamic spiked maple syrupAll I can say is that we all left thoroughly impressed and satisfied. From the pancakes to the breakfast sandwiches. The indulgent brunch had to be followed up the best way we knew how. Rooftop bar hopping, anyone?Some girl friends and I came here for brunch with a great Gilt City deal (which was even more awesome since I got an additional discount on THAT) and I highly recommend it.  Not sure I'd come here without a deal, but for the price we paid, I love it so much more.The deal included a bottle of champagne for the table, 6 small plates of apps and entrees and a side.  This was more than enough food for us, and everything was delicious.  Some of the highlights were: breakfast bruschetta (the eggs were amazingly light and fluffy), duck and beet salad (our only "healthy" dish haha), chicken and waffles, french onion soup dumplings (loved it), huevos rancheros tacos, poached eggs with potato hash, and the mac and cheese.  Everything was served family style with perfect portions for each of us so we left feeling full but not disgustingly full.  Seriously, I haven't been able to finish a plate of French toast or 2 huge eggs Benedict without feeling mildly sick, and this brunch experience didn't make me feel like a gross glutton.In addition to the champagne, we ordered more drinks and cocktails.  There are 2 bloody mary options, and we tried both of them.  They both seemed a little too sweet, but it wasn't anything some horseradish and tabasco couldn't fix.  Mmmm... spicy! The service was great, too.  Our waitress was attentive and really nice and the busboys always made sure we had clean plates.  We didn't feel rushed at this "trendy hotspot", but then again maybe we didn't notice since we were kind of buzzed by the time we left.  Or at least I was b/c I was an Asian that couldn't do math when we were trying to split the bill. hahahaGreat food, loud but fan atmosphere if you're going out with a group of friends.  It is expensive and the portions are small.At first impression, The Stanton Social is your typical trendy restaurant with dim lighting, loud music and louder people trying to shout over the music.  However, the food actually holds its own, which can't necessarily be said of other trendy restaurants.  I've been here a few times and I love how the menu has expanded a bit over the years.  Definitely order the tuna tartare spring rolls, red snapper tacos, and Kobe beef sliders.  Throw back a few of the yummy cocktails (champagne julep, anyone?) and you're sure to have a great time.WHAT.  How have I not reviewed the SS yet??  This is easily my favorite affordable restaurant in NYC.  I LOVE tapas style food and getting to share and try lots of different things.The French Onion Soup Dumplings are a MUST.  The pierogies and baby back ribs are excellent as well.  Also DO NOT miss the Chicken and Waffles and the Warm Doughnuts for dessert.Make a reservation!!Scene:Two friends took me here for my birthday. We were three girls, young professionals, trendily dressed, and we fit right into the scene here. It's a great place for cocktails and small plates. We were there on a weeknight, but it would be a perfect place to begin a night out (the cocktails are strong, the food is delicious but the small plates won't leave you stuffed, and the music gets you pumped up and wanting to go dancing).Drinks:Amazing. I love good cocktails. I had the Brooklyn Lemonade (gin), the Cranberry Flower (gin) and the Strawberry Fields (vodka). The gin drinks were best, but that is likely because I just prefer gin to vodka. My friends ordered other drinks (I don't remember which), but they enjoyed them. All the drinks were very tasty and packed a punch even though they didn't taste overly boozy. The combination of being boozy without tasting like it is the reason I'm willing to shell out $14/drink for a good cocktail. Food:Some menu items are good, and some are LIFE-CHANGING!! The potato-goat cheese pierogies and the French onion soup dumplings are two of the top 10 dishes I've ever had (and I'm a bit of a foodie). The Grilled Apple and Brie Quesadilla was great but nothing special (i can't image a quesadilla being bad haha), The chicken arepas were fine but not as good as Caracas (aka don't come here for the arepas, though they're certainly not bad if you're here and craving them). I think we also had the Oven-dried Tomato Pizzetta. Clearly, it was not memorable. Service:Great service, very attentive. We got a bit buzzed and silly, and our server was patient (I'm sure they're used to that, considering the strength and drinkability of their cocktails). After we'd paid our bill, we were still hanging out at the table, and the manager came over, wished me happy birthday, and invited us to the bar for a round of drinks on her.  Obviously, she wanted to turn the table over, which is annoying, but that was a classy and effective way to do so. She's been trained well. Summary:Amazing place. Fun for girl groups (can't speak for all men, but I know my boyfriend would have been annoyed to spend a lot of money on small plates). Great place to start a night out. Perfect for impressing out-of-town guests. Classy servers. Perfect cocktails. Get the Pierogies and the French Onion Soup Dumplings. Seriously, I'm actually going for a second time later this week with a visiting guest and will report back!Waaay too crowded!  I saw a waitress trip over some dude whose legs spilled out into her path.  She hit the deck real hard (she's ok, I think).  I mean, even with the music blasting and people talking, I heard/felt her body hit the floor.  Work related hazard, I know, but the night I came here, it was just way too crowded.Drinks were good and not prohibitively expensive.  The food looked really small (I took a look at the menu and the prices were just stupid).  I would come back for drinks, but wouldn't consider eating here.Thank you "The Best Thing I Ever Ate - Appetizers" and Claire Robinson. The French Onion Soup Dumplings are indeed phenomenal.However...I don't know how she ate those without burning her mouth and getting the soup explosion after biting into the dumplings. Ours came out piping hot and when we poked holes in them to let the steam out, I think the soup got absorbed into the dumpling or cheese. In any case, they are amazing. Gotta come back for more dishes!Went here for brunch last weekend. Got a great deal from gilt city - seven courses for 4 people for $110.Really amazing meal. My favorite was the chicken and waffles, but the banana pancakes and brushette were very close seconds. All the courses were delicious (with the exception of the bacon...meh). They had really good cocktails too.Service was pretty good too...I think? I'm too busy remembering the food!Lovely place and decor. We had the second floor reserved on a Thursday night for sixteen of us. At 6:30 PM, the place was pretty much empty but as the night went on it filled up and so did the volume of the music. At some point were we were all screaming at each other while I was straining my ears to "guess" what the others had said.The food was either a hit or miss with me. On the hit list are the Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies, Bacon sliders but the Warm Doughnuts were my favorite of the night. Miss list goes to the Wok charred Edamame, Meatballs, Kobe beef sliders and french fries (both too salty to my palate). We ordered other plates but I can't recall what they were which only means they were not good or bad enough to make an impression on me.I had a great time overall but it was much thanks to the great company and the alcohol. And if I ever go back, it will be for those delicious warm doughnuts and nothing else...This is hands-down one of my favorite places in NYC, whether it be for brunch, dinner, or just for drinks. The restaurant/lounge is tapas style, and no dish I've ever had has disappointed! Must-haves for dinner are the french onion soup dumplings, red snapper tacos, and the spicy lamb souvlakis. For brunch, I love the ricotta fritters and eggs Benedict. Will definitely keep coming back!Came to Stanton Social after dinner last month in September at Beauty & Essex nearby. We wanted to find a nice lounge to have drinks and relax. Good thing we found this place. It was perfect for us to relax and get some drinks. The music was also good. It was definitely a good place. Of course drinks are on the expensive side. I would come back again.Came here for my bday in March. Everything was good besides the fact that they lost my reservation.They did offer us drinks and got us a table after a couple of hours.Nevertheless the food and service was stellar. Will definitely come backCame here last night, was not crowded and we had reservations so there wasn't a wait at all. I was impressed by the place, good ambiance and friendly staff. I thought the food was going to be just as good as Beauty & essex since I heard it's the same owner. I'm always a fan of tapas since you're able to order so many different things and get to try it all. -Green Onion Dumplings: definitely recommend this and this was my favorite of the night-Potato and Goat Cheese Pieorgies-Lamb: Special of the night-Chicken n Waffles: waffles really good but not sure if its worth $18?-Kobe Philly: Order is only for one, but can definitely be split into twoThis place is great, it is very popular so make sure you call for reservations ahead of time and make sure you are ok with sitting close to other parties. The food is interesting; but don't come here if you're looking for a heavy meal! The French Onion Dumplings are really good but stinky!! lol :)My husband took me here for dinner on my birthday (3/12/13). It was great because I love tapas. Trendy place, I'm sure pretty expensive, but I didn't see the check. Loved the Maryland Jumbo Lump Crabcake 'Corn Dogs,  Social Mac & Cheese  and the Thai Spiced Baby Back Ribs! I could have done without the French Onion Soup Dumplings..but i guess you have to like french onion soup to like the dish. it was ok though.But over all, loved this place. Great drinks as well. I loved the social tea!  Cant wait to go back and try more food. :)The best meal I have had in a long time. I absolutely loved every single thing we ordered. I made reservations at 8.30 to meet a couple of friends who were visiting from California. Due to the crappy weather, we only made it there by 9:00. The host just ignored us for about a couple of minutes but was nice enough to offer us a table in 30 minutes while we waited at the bar upstairs. The drinks are decent, a little too sweet for my liking. Watermelon margarita is very refreshing and the Jalapeno in the blood orange Margarita makes its presence felt.    Now coming to my favorite part of the night "FOOD". I had a quick roll to eat after work so was planning on keeping it light ( Which was tossed out of the window as soon as I saw the menu) The red snapper tacos  were probably my least favorite of the night. They were good but I didn't like the distinctive fishy smell  that lingered. The french onion dumpling soup  is out of this world. I could eat it all day long. Spicy lamb souvlakis were yummy, crisp and accompanied with some fantastic sauce. How can anyone make potato and cheese this good? Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies is the other must eat here. Weirdly enough, I mentioned SS to a friend who lived in the city 4 years ago and she still remembered these Pierogies very fondly (I admire consistency) .The Mushroom & Fontina Quesadilla  and Pizetta were mainly for a vegetarian friend who really enjoyed it.Desert time. Did I mention earlier that I wanted to keep the dinner light? We just wanted to take a quick peak at the menu and not get anything. ( Who am i kidding?) We ended up ordering warm donuts which was highly recommended by our host. It was accompanied by caramel, chocolate and raspberry sauce .It was good( raspberry sauce was my least favorite)  but what blew me was the creme brulee. Yummy yummy yummy. It comes in three little cups, perfect for three of us. I am definitely coming back here .......soon.On a recent trip to NYC this year a friend and I had the most amazing dinner at The Stanton Social.It was Saturday night and the place was packed! The vibe was sexy, trendy resto/lounge... with chic, dim lighting and eclectic music pumping in the background. The food- a variety of ethnic backgrounds, served tapas style. Our waitress recommended getting 4 or 5 orders to share between us - but once we started eating we couldn't stop! The food was amazing; flavour filled and so interesting. We ended up ordering 8 items from the lengthy menu. I won't go into detail about each item we ordered because we loved them all. I would definitely recommend The Stanton Social to anyone who hasn't been and I will make sure that the next time I'm in New York I will dine there again.Thank youThe Stanton Social was an  "experience." I hadn't been to New York City proper since 1987, so this was my introduction to a "Night Out," New York-style. I had figured this place would be hip, but that was the understatement of the year. Owned by bad-boy chef Chris Santos of "Chopped" fame, this is the quintessential "scene."  Holy crap, everyone was dressed to kill - this was one of the most attractive crowds I've ever seen, anywhere. These people take going out quite seriously. We arrived for our 9:30 reservation, and the place was just heaving, nearly bursting at the seams. Even though we had a reservation, we had to wait for some time. The hostess suggested we go upstairs and have a cocktail, which I gladly would have done, but for the fact that upon reaching the top of the stairwell, the bar area was packed, to the point of inducing claustrophobia. We headed back downstairs and informed the people up front we'd be waiting outside. The minutes pass. We look at the menu and decide what we want. More minutes pass. Uh-oh. This was not looking good. Am I too ugly to eat at this lounge/restaurant/nightclub? Nah, have faith. Finally, they came outside to get us, and led us back up the stairs to a row of small tables across from the bar. It needs to be said, this place is loud. The music, an excellent eclectic mix of indie, hip-hop, even micro-house, pumps from the speakers. If you want a chill, quiet dinner, this is so not the best option. Come prepared to get swept away with the madness. We had to squeeze into our table, with the tables left and right close enough for me to jab a fork over and grab someone else's food. I didn't, but trust me, I wanted to, because the plates here are well-presented and very tasty. Chef Santos is known for his whimsical, fun approach to tasty "small plates"-style dining, and that was in evidence on our visit, the kitchen having executed each dish to near-perfection. Our server told us that we should probably order anywhere from 4-6 plates - and she was accurate. We ordered 4, figuring we could always order more. As it turned out, 4 was enough. Just a quick note about the service - I was a little worried that it'd be snooty, but no, once we were seated, it was efficient and friendly all the way. They started us off with an amuse-bouche - that always puts me in a good mood. We first ordered red snapper tacos with avocado. Bright and flavorful, these were a great start, the briny snapper matching perfectly with the avocado and a splash of lime. Crab cake corn dogs were equally enjoyable, the classic carnival treat given the gourmet treatment with succulent crab. While those two plates were excellent, it was the French Onion Soup Dumplings that threw the meal over the top. The experience of eating these dumplings was quite literally like taking "bites" of French onion soup, drenched with cheese. Really good French onion soup.....and I don't even typically like it all that much. Eating these dumplings is almost pornographic - take a bite, and the soup just kinda bursts onto your palate with massive flavor. Another item I don't usually order at restaurants is chicken & waffles, but here they sounded too good to resist, with an aged cheddar waffle, corn pudding, and balsamic maple syrup. Many iterations of this dish are on the sweet side, but this was all savory, with perfectly cooked chicken and the cheddar waffles with just the right amount of salt - this could have easily gone in an overly salty direction, but it was kept under control. The balsamic maple syrup was awesome - both intensely tart and sweet at the same time. My ONLY criticism here - really my only criticism of the whole meal - was that I could have stood just a little bit more of the syrup. Admittedly, this stuff *is* potent, so I understand the restraint - but I would have liked to soak the waffles with a tiny bit more. I should also mention the cocktails. We only ordered one apiece, in an attempt to keep the bill under control. I ordered a variant of an Old Fashioned, "fashioned" with tequila and blueberry. Very interesting, layered cocktail. It came as no surprise that the cocktails here are well-crafted. I could have easily enjoyed cocktails, but then again, I was trying to minimize the damage somewhat. Dessert was Guinness toffee cake with toffee sauce and Bailey's ice cream. That was decadent. A cake made from Guinness plus ice cream made from Bailey's? Are you kidding me? Sold. It was every bit as great as it sounds - not the least bit ham-handed as some rich desserts like this can be. Oh, and we also had to have a gingerbread Twinkie with pumpkin cream cheese filling. It tasted like fall - and again, by no means overbearing and cloying as one would expect of a "Twinkie." In summary, be prepared to party, and eat great food. Based on what I saw, while I'm not sure if a reservation is theoretically necessary - if you want to come here on a Friday night, I'd strongly recommend making one.As you can see from researching the rest of their reviews and their website, they serve small plates or tapas. Service is great.The atmosphere is somewhat upscale and trendy. It seems like a nice place to bring a group of friends to have a girls/guys night out over some drinks/food and have playful banter.  Its definitely not quiet but its not overwhelmingly obnoxious where you can't carry a conversation with each other.The food was as expected and nothing more or less.  Some could call the things a gimmick and others would say its the best thing they've ever tried.  In honesty, every item is what it is.  They're small plates to be shared, and the menu descriptions are fittingly so.Chicken and waffles, are exactly that.  Waffles aren't crispy, fluffly or going to blow your mind, nor will the chicken, but its cooked well and the waffles taste like waffles.  The french onion dumplings were a "fun" dish, but sometimes I want more soup in the dumpling which would probably create a more "blow your mind" sensation but this wasnt the case.  The taste was on point though and its a refreshing interpretation and deconstruction of a familiar dish.Kale & duck salad was good but again, it was just exactly that.  It tasted fine but again it was not ground breaking.  Anyway, you get the idea here with my review. Just go knowing you're here for more of the ambiance for a night out with friends.  I dont feel the need to exaggerate the food is anything more than what it really is.I was going to give this place 3 stars because the drinks were actually very strong and the waitress was nice, but the food was terrible. Stanton Social was a hot spot for a very long time and as with all venues based on loud music and scene more than food, its met its decline. I would still say the upstairs is a fun place to grab a drink or two before heading out elsewhere, but do not eat downstairs. The tuna tartare wontons were flavorless; the french soup dumplings (which I even waited until the end to eat) burns the inside of your mouth; the tacos were underwhelming and the meatballs were lukewarm. If you want to take a date to a place where you don't have to speak much this place is perfect. The music drowns out most conversations.Party rocking PMy girlfriends took me here for my birthday dinner. We sat upstairs in the lounge area, which was perfect for gals like us. We each ordered a dish (Chicken and waffles, crab cake corn dogs, red snapper tacos and ribs) there were four of us so they accommodated us and made enough for us all to sample. the portions were smaller than we expected but packed full of flavor....sooo naturally we ordered double of everything! lolThe drinks were GREAT as well!I'd go back in a heart beat!!!Glad I suggested we try something new or I wouldn't have had that party in my mouth..food party that is!!Pooped Birthday Girl!Came here with my NY friends after having a terrific steak meal at Luger's.  It was Monday.  The Stanton hosts Social Mondays.  From 11 to 12am, they host an all you can drink bar.  This night, they had vodka with any mix.  I had a few Cape Cods, a screwdrivers and vodka tonics.  The music was enjoyable; a mixed crowd; and very very packed.  I had a wonderful time with friends.4 stars for the food.3 stars for the service.Came here for a business dinner. The menu was chosen for us. I think all the dishes were great. Highlights were perogies, fish tacos, duck confit eggrolls, wasabi pea encrusted salmon. The steak was ok, nothing special at all.Service left a lot to be desired. Waitresses were just not professional in taking drink orders. You'd think they'd put a little more effort when there is a party of 35+. Pacing of the meal was not good at all. It started off well, with apps coming out quickly, but then almost 20-30 minutes in between salad and then meatier dishes. The worst offense was bringing the fries about 20 minutes after the steak was brought out. They were the last course before dessert. How does that make sense?Doubt I'd come here if it was on my own dime. Just a bit too pricey for the overall experience.Went here with three friends and I must say I was impressed. We shared the chicken and waffles, baby back ribs, chicken taquitos, lamb souvlakis, and short rib tacos. Out of all of them, I liked the lamb the most and probably wouldn't try the baby back ribs again. Although I must say the meat was very tender, it just didn't seem like it was worth it to get again. For dessert, we had the doughnuts and I have to say that they're very overrated. It tasted like the same doughnuts from the farmer's market. Overall, I really enjoyed the food and that is in itself a reason for wanting to come back. The only thing that bothered me was that the staff kept taking our plates even as we were still eating and constantly wiping our table, which made us stop all conversation. It was just disruptive and why is there such a rush to change our plates?? Another bummer was that the portions were so small (and so expensive for such small portions) and had I not eaten a late lunch, I probably would have been starving. Divided by the four of us, it came out to $31 with tax and tip included. Not bad for the food, I suppose...but it's still on the pricier side especially given the portions.With a menu and atmosphere you can find in a hundred NYC establishments, The Stanton Social has some amazing dishes and some just short of bad.  It is somewhat pretentious and far less innovative than they probably think they are, so they can't back up the 'tude.  That, combined with the trendy, loud ambiance and mediocre service net out as 3 stars.  Lets start with the good... The best dish has to be the Goat Cheese Pierogies, served crispy and ready to dip in a Truffle Creme Freche.  You have to be careful with truffle oil, and these guys nailed it!The French Onion Soup Dumplings were tasty, but they have an unpleasant aroma that makes the entire place smell like an ice hockey locker room. They more than make up for the aroma in taste and presentation, so if you can get past the smell you're good to go.The Snapper Tacos were tasty. Full of fixing and a good amount of fish, this makes a great start to your meal.  The snapper itself was mild (as snapper should be), so this was light and enjoyable.The Edamame was deeeeelcioso!  It's covered in a fish oil, but don't let that fool you, it does not taste like fish on the least.  It tastes like grilled heaven trapped in a pea pod!But from here, it gets worse.Chicken and Waffles were a nice idea but I found this dish to be poorly executed.  Anyone can fry a chicken wing and put it on top of an Eggo waffle, which is essentially what this was. The Kobe Beef Sliders were good if not run of the mill.  They tasted like any one of a million burgers with nothing to make it stand out.  Boring ingredients, boring presentation, served with boring fries.  The deserts were all overly sweet.  The mousse, the doughnuts, the cookies... None of it was balanced so I can't say I would recommend any of it.  In fact, the doughnuts came with caramel dipping sauce, in case two tablespoons of sugar wasn't sweet enough... You're better off walking up to Little Italy for desert.To elaborate on the "mediocre service", we were left waiting for drinks countless times.  It would take 15 minutes to get a beer, and at one point we went to the bar, ordered drinks, brought them back to the table, and finished... BEFORE the waitress brought the round we ordered through her!  Management seemed to care less when we complained, typical of this type of restaurant that cares more about being hip than their service.The food was original and delicious but the service was absolutely terrible. I was about to invite our waiter to sit with us he spent so much time hovering around our table. Between our waiter and the bus boys, the second one of the tapas-style plates was finished it was too quickly spirited away. We had to say something to the clean-freak staff and they were still undeterred. It made a terrible environment for our business dinner.The bee's hive of Lower East Side chic, The Stanton Social (yes, for a place like this, the "the" is indispensable) is just too hip to not seem a bit pretentious. I came here on two very different occasions. The first time was a Friday night dinner with the BF. Reservations were easy enough to make and I had no trouble changing the time of my reservation even a few hours beforehand, but we still ended up waiting about 45 minutes after our 10:30 reservation for our table to be ready. The waiting area is the upstairs bar. I say "bar" but it's more like a club/lounge - excessively loud music and scantily dressed girls with fancy cocktails in hand. On the weekends, the upstairs area is probably perfect for a ladies' night out, but it's not really my type of scene so I was glad when we were finally ushered downstairs.The dining style is small plates so the waitress recommended about 2-3 items per person. I ordered the red snapper tacos and lobster roll. The tacos were amazing - the fish itself was cooked just right, and the spicy mango and avocado created a wonderful mixture that went really well with the fish. The lobster roll was also delicious. The lobster was cold, which was unexpected, and I usually don't like my seafood cold, but the sauce that the lobster was mixed with was so perfect that I didn't even mind. The roll managed to be crispy and buttery - amazing!The BF is a vegetarian and unfortunately, there aren't that many vegetarian options on the menu. He ordered the potato & goat cheese pierogies, the baked spanakopita, and the grilled ovendried tomato pizzeta. He doesn't eat anything that's been cooked in a meat broth either so that ruled out the French onion soup dumplings. I had a few bites of his food, and they didn't seem nearly as good as what I had ordered, although he seemed to have enjoyed his meal very much.We also each ordered a cocktail. I had the strawberry fields, which was a tad too sweet for my taste. The BF had the blood orange-jalapeno margarita, which seemed like a daring choice, but it turned out to be pretty good!The second time I was here was for a social event for work. It was a Monday evening so there weren't many people. We sat on the couches in the upstairs lounge area, which was comparably much more pleasant in atmosphere than the Friday night scene. We ordered an assortment of dishes to share and all were good. I finally got to try the French onion soup dumplings that so many Yelpers have recommended and it was indeed quite delicious. We also had these amazing donuts for dessert, and it came with three types of dip - chocolate, caramel, and raspberry. I think the donuts were by consensus the best items of the night.Overall, I'd give 3 stars for my Friday night experience and 5 stars for my Monday evening experience.On my first night in NYC, my friend suggested happy hour at the Stanton Social.  We arrived right when they opened at 5pm and sat at their bar upstairs.  We ordered the brisket sliders and pierogies and washed them down with the Strawberry Fields cocktail (I believe- since this review is pretty late and the bartender suggested it).  The food was rich, maybe slightly heavy but great after a long flight.  instagram.com/p/WiH2k-OF…The place is sophisticated yet casual and the staff was very friendly.  I can imagine taking a date there or just happy hour with co-workers at the bar.Came on a Friday night with 9:30 reservations. As with what seemed to be everyone else, we were told to head upstairs to the bar and grab a drink until our table was ready. A little after 10:00, we managed to get seated. From other reviews here, I guess this is just their practice to send people to the bar and squeeze more out of them, so come with the right set of mind. Beyond that, I can't complain about the service level. Everything was served promptly, and our waitress was pretty regular in checking in on us and being patient. The Stanton features great, trendy decor and fantastic music, the atmosphere is borderline nightclub so I don't recommend this place for an intimate, quiet night out at all. From what I could see all around me, this is the place to be for groups of women having girls' night out. The food is a mixed bag, I'd rate it a 3-3.5 Yelp-wise. We went with the French Onion Soup Dumplings, the Crab Cake Corndogs, the Mac and Cheese, the Chicken and Waffles and the Souvkali. Soup Dumpings - Overhyped;; Loved the cheese melted all over them, but otherwise I don't love French Onion soup anyhow and the chewy texture was not my thing, but I could see people loving it. The Macaroni and Cheese was out of this world, excellent crunchy texture and seasoning and of course rich and served in a small cast iron pan - delicious! The Souvlaki was also excellent, the cuts of lamb were perfect even if the portion size was quite small for this one. The Crab Cake Corn Dogs were a unique twist and I also highly recommend these as part of your tapas picks. The big disappointment was the Chicken and Waffles. The chicken could have been any generic grilled chicken, and it was served on top of soggy, not-so-tasty waffle pieces. This one was a major fail - I'd steer clear of it. Bottom line, this is a great place for a girls' night out where the goal isn't the finest food ever but just some small and creative small plates to get the night started in a trendy atmosphere.Came here for dinner before a show at Bowery Ballroom. I actually wasn't expecting much. I thought it was more of a trendy / sceney place vs. a place with really good food. I was pleasantly surprised. The bar upstairs is interesting in that it's pretty separate from the restaurant area. But the space is really nice, and the cocktails are strong and yummy. They were really nice about letting us take our drinks down, but teetering on heels with my martini glass in hand while walking down the stairs into the main restaurant area was probably not the smartest decision on my part.We were a bit squeezed into our booth in the back, but that was our fault - last minute additional person. Atmosphere is fun and lively...a bit noisy, but that's to be expected. I can't remember everything we had, but here's the overview of what stood out and why:French onion soup dumplings - Everyone seems to love these...including me :)Potato & goat cheese pierogies - The truffle creme fraiche is divineButternut squash ravioli - The whole flavor profile was a bit too sweet for me, but I tend to not like sweets. My friends loved it though.Red snapper tacos - Others really enjoyed this, but I found them to be a bit dry.hand pulled chicken arepas - I thought these were amazingBeef Wellington - I wouldn't order this again. But in general, I tend to like a bunch of small plates versus the main dishes. I didn't find this dish to be anything special.The restaurant was full, but not packed...probably because we were there mid-week. I can see this place being uncomfortably full for a weekend dinner though.Come early as this place gets crazy packed! I saw the French onion soup dumplings on the best thing I ever ate, they did not disappoint! The red snapper tacos were perfectly seasoned and the sliders were perfection. I had high hopes for the chicken and waffles, but they weren't my favorite. Warm doughnuts and s'mores creme brûlée for desert, yummy. Can't wait for my next trip to NYC and brunch here.I had a great meal at the The Stanton Social. I arrived on time for my 9:15 reservation for two people and we were told to wait upstairs at the bar while our table was being prepared. We waited for about 20 minutes until the table was ready and then we were seated at a table upstairs. It was a little noisy and difficult to hear upstairs, but a fun, lively atmosphere. We ordered:French Onion Soup Dumplings (Good)Red Snapper Tacos (Good)Lobster Roll Taco (Unimpressive)Kobe Slider (Great!!)Meatballs (Great!!)Mac and Cheese(Great)Short Rib Tacos (Great)Doughnuts (AMAZING)The food was very good overall. We over-ordered by about 1-2 dishes. I will definitely be back and next time I will try to sit downstairs. Also - The bathrooms are unisex and the lines get very long!What a chic place!  I rarely venture to the LES, but I'm glad I did last Saturday on a rainy night to check out Stanton Social.  The space was definitely trendy, like a combination of industrial (brick walls) with a touch of refinement (gold embellishments).  It was obviously a popular place, but I did manage to secure a reservation for Saturday night on Saturday morning.  The menu is tapas style which is intended for people to share together.  We had (the renowned) French onion soup dumplings, little-neck clams, veggie burger, and brussel sprouts with pancetta.  All were very well done, and some included interesting little extras.  For example, the clams included unique garnishes beyond the usual cocktail sauce and fresh lemon wedges.  Even the desserts, like the mini doughnuts, included additional sauces like hot fudge, raspberry sauce, and caramel for dunking the doughnuts.  I thought these little touches made a big difference.  It is important to note that a lot of the items on the menu were on the spicy side and heavy on the cheese, so I felt some of my options were limited.  The service was very attentive and efficient, which I found impressive to be able to do on a busy Saturday night.  My one complaint would be the noise level.  Not only was it packed, the music was a little too loud, and it became difficult to hold a conversation at times.  We ate on the first floor, but there was also a bar upstairs.  The layout was open, so those upstairs could view down below. Next time, I will definitely check out the social scene upstairs and enjoy the scene from a different perspective.First off, the atmosphere is awesome, very relaxing, dim lighting, great music in the background.(who doesn't love kanye?)Service was on point, friendly, attentive, non overbearing.The cocktails are nice & strong and not for the faint of heart, my favorite is hands down the strawberry .... Special, the second word escapes my memory but there are muddled strawberries in it that change everything for me!!  I'm completely in love.  But I will say occasionally they get stuck in your straw so just blow like you're making a bubble and keep it moving :) Now on to the good stuff, the Stanton does small plates, we had a party of five.  We ordered 8-9 small plates all to share, don't worry ill go into detail with each.We had a complimentary cauliflower soup which was surprisingly nice.Lamb souvlakis, fish tacos, duck salad = round 1Duck salad- superb... Wow it was good completely went up in flames at my table, goat cheese croutons !!! Whuuuut lol greatThe lamb taco was... Eh problem was I didn't really care for the sauce, then again in not a humongous fan of lamb so there is also that. But one of the member of my party is a huge fan if lamb and still wasn't a huge fan of the lamb "taco".Red snapper tacos, were good not great but good.Round two- french onion soup dumplings O M G dang that was one great bite!!! Full of awesome flavor.  Burst of flavor not overpowering at all, perfectly complimentary to each other.Round 3- sliders & Mac n cheeseMan o manSo I gotThe Kobe Philly with cheese and trufflesIt is so delectablePerfectly seasoned and I loved every last drop of that slider, my goodness it was by far the best I've ever hadMac n cheese please!- smokey flavor, it's actually sort of spicy which makes it unique.  There's a really great crust on it that I was In love with.  I will say its perfect to share because the smokiness would be too much for me to consume in a large quantity.Round 4- meat balls & beef Wellington Wow the meat balls melt in your mouth, they are cheesy and moist.  Really good marinara sauce.Beef Wellington aka my favorite dish in the entire world - FYI they don't give you many to share, only one for the table.I was disappointed, it was under seasoned if seasoned at all.  I really don't know what was up with the beef, it was blah.  Thank goodness we all split the one in five because we were about to order two more, I think at $22 for each baby Wellington, someone could spring for salt and pepper in the kitchen. I felt sooo let down since it was a house special.  Frozen ones from Bjs were better.  Hence the one star deduction because it really was just that badRound 5- ribs ( baby back) very good Thai sauce with a cole slaw.Dessert: I opted for the chocolate sampler which consisted of s'mores (which won me over), panna cotta, Stanton candy bar, peppermint patties, and chocolate peanut buffer swirl ice cream.Honestly I got so full when I got to it I could only get to the ice cream & s'more which was good and the s'more was a cute twist.I shared the cookie a peppermint pattie which went over well the rest was packed away for laterAll and all ill certainly return!!! Great experience!We were recommended this restaurant by a good friend, and the meal/experience was so good, we are buying him a gift card for his expert advice. Experience was perfect all around. Younger crowd with fairly loud music makes it a little difficult to converse, but the service, overall ambiance, and food were amazing. Specializing in smaller plates, our server suggested 2-3 plates per person, so we went with five total. The fish tacos were creative and above average, the flatbread pizza was light and refreshing. What must be raved about are the onion soup dumplings, chicken and cheddar waffles, and chorizo Mac and cheese. A must go.Food was outstandingService outstandingDrinks goodVery sexyI'd give this place 5 stars for the food alone, which is incredible, but the music was so f-ing loud I had to go with 4 stars. It's hard to be social at the Stanton Social on a Saturday night, unless you bring a megaphone for you and your guests!Definitely try the goat cheese pirogies, french onion soup dumplings, and the Kobe cheesesteaks! Yum!I've eaten here many times and always had a good experience. This past Saturday night was by far the most absurd and deplorable experience I have had at any restaurant by far.Long story short, the host/manager was verbally abusive to all of the customers, including the 8 members in my party.  He threatened one person in my party that he was going to be extremely rude to him if he didn't step away from the host desk. He refused to seat us; kept telling us he'd prefer to seat other parties because we were pissing him off. This is after an hour-they made us wait an hour for our table and then threatened not to seat us because we were asking when our table would be ready? One member of my party had enough and screamed at him for his attitude and incorrigible client service. The host was terrified of this kid and brought a bouncer over to protect him. After we pleaded to be seated, he still refused to seat us and kicked us all out---rather, he had his bouncer/protector escort us out because he was terrified that someone was going to hurt him. I've eaten at the finest restaurants in the city--even McDonalds, never have I experienced anything like this. Isn't the job of the host or restaurant manager to please his customers and apologize for long waits? Apparently not. Apparently this man felt that verbally abusing his patrons was the correct way to ensure superior client service. The food at Stanton Social is usually great--this is not fine dining. But I'd expect much more out of the man who is representing the restaurant's reputation. I hope the next time he treats someone the way he treated us, he is seriously injured.The atmosphere of the place is nice. As for the food, the french onion soup dumplings is worth a try and should be eaten pretty fast so the cheese won't get harden. The Tuna Poke Wonton Taco were pretty yummy and crispy. The hanger steak frites was yummy, however the stanton social beef wellington wasn't up to my expectation. They should really give us a steak knife so it would be easier to cut. The smores creme brulee are AMAZING!!! I would definitely go back for more!! The Michters Bourbon hot chocolate shot was worth a try and my friend loved it. As for the drinks, the cocktails were pretty good but I don't think they should use such a dry piece of lime cause it just degraded the whole drink.What's not to love about the Stanton Social?  From its dark, cool, and trendy interior to its wonderfully diverse menu, you cannot go wrong in choosing this as a dining destination.  Even the bathroom was pretty damn sexy. And the food?  Love it.  They've done an outstanding job in fusing global cuisines.  All the mouthwatering dishes were presented artfully and beautifully.  My companion and I ordered just about everything that caught our hungry eyes.  Personal favorites were definitely the French onion soup dumplings, meatballs, and pierogies.  But really, everything on that menu is either excellent or very good.  You cannot go wrong.  Given the quality of ingredients, the prices were reasonable.  But be expected to pay around $50 per person and up.  My only minor gripe is that the tables are very close together making space an absolute luxury.  I've sat in the booths as well and they make a big difference as far as comfort so definitely ask for one if possible.  Advance reservations are an absolute must for any day.  This place is ridiculously busy all the time.  Thinking of coming on a Saturday night?  Forget about it!  I'd return in a heartbeat.  There's something on the menu for everyone and it's one of my top picks when recommending restaurants in the city.I've been here many, many times over the years and Stanton Social has not lost its luster, and people seem to know it. The place is still incredibly popular, especially for large groups. Dining here on a normal evening is fantastic, but I do want to highlight their amazing group deals (for parties). You will notice that bachelorette or birthday parties seem to be VERY popular here. That is because they offer an incredible deal - especially this being NYC--they allow you to pick a bunch of menu items and offer a fixed price all-you-can-drink deal for large parties for about $130 a head maybe AFTER tip-- which I think in our case was only because we were paying for the guest of honor. When I say it was incredible amounts of food, it was almost criminal how much we left behind. SO much food- it never seemed to stop coming. And unlimited cocktails? YES PLEASE! They didn't try to skimp, either. The waitress dedicated to our table (actually, many people seemed to be dedicated to serving us) constantly checked in to make sure we had plenty of drinks in hand, and didn't need anything else. So hard to do with a large party. And the food itself? Creative and inspired. The French onion soup bites are a must, as are the donuts at the end. Also love their tacos---and that Mac n Cheese? Sinful but delish! Also be aware this is a shared plate kind of place, so be prepared to forego selfish plate domination behaviors ;-). Or order two! Another note: be sure to make reservations way ahead of time for weekend evenings. At least 7-10 days in advance but call the morning of if you don't like your reservation time. In many cases, they get day-of cancellations during their busy/popular hours (7:30-9:30).I came here on a Friday night for dinner with the girls. We had a reservation but still had to wait 45 minutes for our table. I am taking off one star because of that.The cocktails were strong and yummie and we loved the food. Our favorite was the sliders and the snores shots for dessert. Overall good times!Such a great brunch. Loved the pumpkin muffins, breakfast bruschetta, french onion soup dumplings. Did not care for the ricotta balls, or the meatballs (they were too heavy for me). I would definitely come back.Decor: 4/5-Ambiance is great. The lighting and music was just right.-Perfect for small or large parties of 6+Service: 4/5-Very friendly service, offered suggestions and weren't pushy.Food: 4/5-French onion soup dumplings came with about 6-7 pieces. First two bites were good but it got salty. I tasted some alcohol in them also.-Baby Spinach Salad was a decent size. Plenty for two. I loved the roasted corn.-Red Snapper Tacos came in three so this was hard to split between two. Didn't really taste the spicy mango (probably cause I used too much lime). -Hudson Valley Foie Gras came in four pieces. I cut these in halves to savory each bite. -Doughnuts with dark chocolate, strawberry and caramel dip. These definitely ended the meal well with their fluffy and warm goodness. Next on my list:-Thai spiced baby back ribs-Potato & goat cheese pierogies-Mushroom ravioliReally delicious food within a great venue! Been here twice-- once for drinks upstairs and once for brunch. Both times were pretty consistent: really great food/drinks and really shotty service. It's not that it's terrible service, it's that they are a busy restaurant and so the waiters rush you (which is my biggest pet peeve!). I think dropping a hundred bucks entitles me to an hour and a half long brunch with my friend SO QUIT BOTHERING US. This is just a bad American habit that really pisses me off. The food, however, is fantastic. Definitely get the pancakes! I think those were my fav. And the pierogies were also great. The french onion soup dumplings sound better than they taste.. but I bet some people would really be into them. Anyway, I'll def return.I have been wanting to come to this restaurant for the longest time, and finally decided to come here on my birthday. I made reservations like three weeks in advance for my birthday dinner, and most of the spots were taken, so makes sure you make reservations early in advance. I was with a group of 10 girls, and we were kind thrown together in a small seating area- sitting elbow to elbow. This place is not really suited for big parties, I think a group of 4-5 is best.  I didn't really know what to expect before trying the food, but everything was really delicious: The  best was :1) The Kobe slider-- slider was so juicy and covered in caramelized onions and gruyere cheese. Although they only sell sliders by 1 a piece, it was definitely worth it.2) crab cake corndogs--- I love crab cake, and I love corndogs- combined together was heavenly. 3) the  chicken Arepas-- this was super tasty with  a bite of jalapeno to balance the sweetness of the corn and saltiness from the pork. 4) chipotle Ribs-- falls right off the bone so delicious.5)  Red snapper tacos  and the Popcorn shrimp were pretty standard and delicious.the not so good:   the  French onion soup dumplings- not really my liking- really salty and the cheese had such a strong pungent smell. we ended the night with an Icecream and whisky shot- sounds kinda gross - but the result is super tasty.I am drooling as I am writing this, remembering all the Tapas I had, would love to come back here again and again.OMG good, nice lokking and tasty food.. Was here last night and I had a great time. Nice and quick service and delcious looking food. I had the spicy tuna, onion soup dumbling, lobster roll, lamp and the goat chese with truffle mayo... 5 dishes is more than enough for two people.Stanton Social has been reviewed close to 1500 times so I'll keep this short and to the point. The food is a solid 4-stars, and the creative take on classic dishes is definitely appealing. The drinks are also VERY good and they do pack a punch. The best part about the whole meal though (and what makes Stanton Social 5-star worthy), was the FREE DRINK AT THE END. Me and 2 friends came here on a Friday night with a 6:30 reservation, and towards the end of the meal the place was a lot more crowded then when we had first arrived. I could see that our table was clearly needed and they handled it so, so well. A really adorable waitress came up to us and was all "I wanna buy you girls a round of drinks!!" and duh, we were allll over that! "There's only one catch though - you have to come with me right now." I loved their tactfulness, especially when other popular/very busy establishments have been known to take a ruder approach. We were just about to leave anyway, but a free drink (after I had already had 3..) ended our night at Stanton Social just right.Came here for a Birthday Dinner on a Friday or Saturday Night in September. Young and trendy crowd. Waiting time for the table took forever. I think It was an hour-ish wait, we finally got seated at 10:30PM on the 2nd floor. Those stairs going up is steep with heels on, oh man. And with alcohol in your system, someone is bound to fall soon. The drinks were pricey and food were SALTY. Everything was burnt looking. I mean it was all dark dishes. Too much seasoning... that was why it was salty. It was my first time here and I highly doubt I would be back.This is officially one of my new favorite tapas/small plates places in the city. We went here with a group of nine people for a friend's birthday dinner. The people from the hostess, to the coat check girl to our server were very nice. We got several different items but the one's that stick out are: 1.Pierogies (the truffle sauce they come with is AMAZING) 2.Crab cake "corn dogs" (these were unbelievable) 3.Beef Wellington - a little salty but still really great 4.French onion soup dumplings - the presentation of these is so cute and they use the right amount of cheese5.Popcorn shrimp - fried to perfection 6.Pumpkin Ravioli - I wasn't a huge fan, but this is more because I don't really like Pumpkin ravioli, other people seemed to enjoy it7. Red snapper tacos - these tasted a little too "fishy" I would probably not order them next time, but they were still above average 8. Oysters- very freshI saw a lot of people ordering sliders, if I go back I definitely want to try one! All this said, I do have to remove one star for the set up of the place. It is simply TOO CROWDED. I felt like I was eating on a plane, there as no room to move! All in all though, a great experience.If I lived in NYC, this is where I would be every Friday night sipping on my $20 Lycee Martini and walk around feeling like a fancy person.Ambiance: Dark/ IntimateService: Stellar!Must try dishes:-French Onion Soup Dumplings -Red Snapper Tacos-Maryland Lump Crabcake 'corn Dogs (comes with a yummy dipping sauce)Would avoid:-Chicken N' Waffles (weird taste-didn't think they should have added aged cheddar)-Hudson Valley Foie Gras (was flavorless)Great for group gatherings!The food and the atmosphere was great! You must order the French onion soup dumplings & the ravioli, & the creme brulee. The salmon and brussel sprouts were really good too. And we saw Candace Cameron eating at the table next to us. :)I came here a year ago on a date with the bf and what I recalled was "OMG I'm going deaf" and "I am drowning in scene-yness." I couldn't tell you much about what I ate except it wasn't memorable.I had the vague misfortune of having to come here again for a holiday dinner to catch up with some friends on a Thurs night. When I arrived, it was so packed that there were literally 4 butts squeezed up against the glass door preventing me from walking inside. After battling my way through the crowd, I was directed to the upstairs bar to wait until our table was ready. We weren't seated until 45 minutes after our reservation time.Plus side: the manager was savvy enough to have some apps ready for us the moment we sat down.Down side: it was so gd loud across every inch of the restaurant (blasting club music - greatest club anthems of 2011 anyone? - hard wood/metal, and a horde of trendy, drunken people screaming at each other over the din) and so crowded (every person who walked by my table bumped my head or my chair).The food? Still not memorable. But if you really want to know... the better performers were: spaghetti carbonara, mac n cheese, espresso sundae with a brownie, and chocolate creme brulee with churros.the food came in such small portions i felt like a rabbit.. the decor was beautiful and great ambience but no.Excellent ambiance and decor. Great service and for the food/pricing - 3 stars. I don't mind paying big bills for super yummy food but i just wasn't blown away. Great place to share tapas with friends so you get to try various items on the menu. Recomend to at least try once! Oh the drinks are excellant too..This is a great place for a date and has a great, hip environment.  Some of the dishes we had were out of this world and others were so-so.  The biggest problem I had with the restaurant was how packed it was.  We were sitting at the smallest table that you had to pull away from the wall in order to get up if you needed to use the restroom.  They definitely tried to fit too many people in this restaurant and it seemed claustrophobic.  It also felt as though I was on a double date with the couple next to me!French Onion Soup Dumplings - delicious! a must-have especially if you've never had a dish like this beforeBaby Spinach Salad - SPICY!! I couldn't even finish it because my mouth was on fire.  It was delicious but it must've been the dressing that was unbearably hot.Hand Pulled Chicken Arepas - They were fine; not traditional Mexican and lacking a bit of flavor.  The jalapeno on top was the only thing really giving it any flavor.Cuban Spiced Baby Back Ribs - THE BEST PART OF THE MEAL! The meat literally fell off the bone and they were so flavorful!  They were very saucy, so if you like ribs with more of just a dry rub, these aren't for you. I would come back just to order these ribs.Shrimp and Grits  - The grits were AWESOME and the shrimp was cooked absolutely perfectly! I would recommend this dish to people also.  It had great flavor and wasn't too spicy.  The texture of the shrimp with the grits was spot on.All in all, there were definitely a few dishes in there that were great and some that were average.  It's a great environment, but just beware that you're going to be smushed!My friend picked this place as it's been featured on the Food Network.Food: Delicious. We had ten dishes between the five of us, including the mac and cheese, crab cake corn dogs, duck and kale salad, shrimp, arepas, chicken and waffles, and snapper mini tacos. I'd have everything again!Atmosphere: Lovely! Dark, swanky, sexy. I didn't even mind the really loud music. It's dark and lit by candles, and their upstairs bar is really comfortable and trendy. Service: Disappointing. I felt incredibly rushed, and I hate long dinners so I know it was bad. Our food came fast, which was great. However, we'd barely finish a dish on our table when a bus person would come and grab the plate and rush off with it. Our server wouldn't split up our check even though each person at my table ordered separately. (We just split it evenly and all paid with our own credit cards.) My friend asked to use the restroom and when she did, an employee came and knocked on the door and told her to hurry. We stayed about 10 minutes after the plates were cleared and got dirty looks from the wait staff. An employee walked by my chair and knocked my handbag off and onto the floor and didn't even acknowledge it. I realize I'm in NYC but really? Their service was really poor.Another impressive space with a seemingly creative menu, but fails at actually delivering what is so artfully written. The ingredients, preparations, & menu descriptions titillated the three of us, but in the end, the taste only fetches three stars.-- French onion soup dumplings: sitting in a dish made for escargot, these toothpick-skewered 'dumplings' are covered by an unpleasantly potent-smelling cheese. Not very soupy but what little broth there was was overwhelmingly salty. -- potato & goat cheese perogies: I didn't anticipate liking these, but I did (good pick, Wonder Twin!) Creme fraiche added a coolness to the hot pockets. A little heavy, but quite tasty. -- red snapper tacos: too fishy. -- beef Wellington: did not try.-- crab cake corndogs: sounded interesting, but ultimately, this dish reinforced that what I like best is a crab cake with very little breading. -- lobster mac & cheese: just a ploy to charge more for a traditionally simple, cheap-to-make dish. There were very few lobster pieces. Super popular, judging by the crowd, but I won't be joining that crowd again the next time I'm in the LES.Pretty good food. The french onion dumplings were flavorful, but a little sweet for my taste. My wife's favorite was the Perogies. I really liked the fish tacos and the quesadilla. The donuts and fudge were my favorite. I really liked the atmosphere and great waitstaff. My main issue was with the wait. With a reservation it was a half hour wait.I went here this past Saturday with my girls as part of my bachelorette party weekend. It was fab except it was PAAAAACCCKEED!! Typical of a NYC popular restaurant on a Saturday night right? Well apparently for the manager that night, it was not. In his words "I've never seen it this crazy!!". Kind of funny to me since I'm pretty sure it's probably always like that.Anyway, we got there a bit late so we had to wait for a bit. I wasn't surprised since 1) we WERE late 2) we were a large party. Thankfully, the same manager managed to squeeze us into a large round table after some coaxing and we didn't have to wait long.Our food - we decided to order all of the favorites as smartly decided by one of my bridesmaids. This included their pierogies, their philly cheese steaks, their lobster ravioli, their fish tacos, their french onion soup dumplings and a few other things that I can't remember. The best for me was definitely their pierogies! I LOVED THEM!! We actually got 3 orders of this. Next best? Their pulled pork sliders were amazing too.Overall, it was a really great time albeit SUPER LOUD! The drinks were made wonderfully! The service was attentive. We even had shots (which wasn't  your normal flavor and totally great for a bunch of girls). Next time, though, I think I'll visit during a less busy time.I visited this restaraunt with a group of 5 and we shared like 8-10 of the small plates. Some were good and some not so much but overall this place is most definitely worth a try.Duck Salad- To me this is arguably one of the best dishes on the menu next to the sliders. Even though I never imagined I'd say this about salad, this duck salad was great. If you come here please try it.The French Onion Dip dish- Not so good. The general consensus for this dish around my table was that it just wasn't very tasty and not worth it. It just tasted weird.Chedder Bacon Slider- Amazing...seriously. I had to get another one. This was my favorite part of the dinner.Beef Wellington- Ok...this beef wellington was incredibly bad. For the price tag I would not recommend anyone to even try this dish. It didn't taste good at all...I've had frozen beef wellington that was far better than the one served at this restaurant. Pretty disappointing to say the least. (this alone cost the experience a full star deduction).There were some other dishes that didn't really stand out much like the tacos...I thought they were ok. Would probably order them again but it wasn't anything to write home about.  All in all, we had great timely service and aside from the bad beef wellington we had a good meal.Hip joint with a focus on "family style" sharing of small plates. They are friendly and attentive but not overbearing.I highly recommend the beef carpaccio, tuna roll, taquitos, and doughnuts (dessert) -- these were all amazing. The meatballs, duck salad, and French onion dumpling soup were only okay though all packed a lot of flavor.I came here with my visiting friend who's a fellow, avid Yelper.  The place is really quaint and dark and feels roomy even with the large tables for each group.Good:-large tables for large groups-service by the waitress-French Onion Soup Dumplings -Red Snapper Tacos-Maryland Lump Crabcake 'corn Dogs -drinksOkay:-Chicken N' Waffles -Hudson Valley Foie Gras -the chit chatty, not hospitable host and hostessThe Stanton Social is a scene. Especially on Saturdays. I think it must be where all the cool people hang out. You know, the people that are with it.*Like all such spots, the food is a bit overpriced, you might wait a 1/2 hour past your reservation to be seated, and the bachelorette party next to you will absolutely be loud and screechy. And there is no chance you'd ever find me there on a Saturday night if it wasn't for two things:1. The food is damn good.2. There might not be a better restaurant for big groups in all of Manhattan.**At your average group dinner, eight people order eight dishes, and everyone eats their own food. Which means I only get to try one entree. Well, two, because my girlfriend is a small woman and I can overpower her easily. My favorite thing about the experience here is that they essentially demand that we dine exactly the way I want to dine. Eight people order eight dishes, and they adjust the pricing so that everyone gets to try a bit of everything. Like a family. A wealthy, wealthy family that eats very well.In terms of ordering, I would go with your gut. There's a lot of variety on the menu, and if you can't find something that sounds good to you then I'm convinced you don't like food. But assuming you care what I think (since you made it to the end of this review)...if I were you, I'd get the Beef Wellington.__________*I used to be with it, but then they changed what "it" was. Now, what I'm with isn't it, and what's "it" seems weird and scary to me.**Provided that everyone going is willing to pay upwards of $50 for dinner.For my 200th Review, I will speak of the many orgasms I had last night.... Not THAT kinda orgasm... Food-related orgasms... Perv...I never knew it was possible to have so many food related orgasms in one sitting until I came to The Stanton Social. My lil Tranny is always full of surprises. He goes out of his way to take me to places that I've never been to and sometimes, never even heard of. I have been wanting to try this place for months, but I just kept putting it off. So glad we came last night. Tranny - Our reservation is for 9pm. Me - I'm starving and it's 8pm. It IS a Monday, so I'm sure we can just go and they'll seat us early. 8:10pm - Walk through the door. PACKED HOUSE...... Um... It is Monday right??? So we actually had to wait until 9pm. We went upstairs to the bar to have a drink while we waited. I had the Oregon Riesling. Medium body, sweet and juicy. Very good... Amstel Light for Tranny. Around 9pm, we mosey on down stairs and we're promptly seated in the 1/2 circle, highbacked velvet booth. I LOVE this type of seating. Even though the place was loud, we could sit close to each other and actually have a conversation... Ok.. Ok... On to the food. The cute and friendly waitress suggested that for 2 people, 5-6 dishes would be enough. Well, we were REALLY hungry. We ordered:***Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies - the truffle cream fraiche... OMG... LATHER ME IN THAT AND I WILL FIND A WAY TO LICK IT OFF MYSELF! ***French Onion Soup Dumplings - i was skeptical, but these babies were delish! ***Wild Mushroom Risotto Cakes - YUMMMMMM***Chipotle Grilled Shrimp - a little overcooked, but still YUMMM***1 BBQ Pulled Pork Slider - Tranny didn't like this, but I thought it was fantastic!! ***2 Kobe Beef Sliders - omg... a little salty, but omg... SO FUCKIN GOOD***Herb Dusted Frites - i love how they call them frites, but they are just normal french fries. Good, but nothing special ***Social Mac & Cheese - fuckin a... This was my favorite. Chunks of chorizo... The mini penne noodles... the cheese... Ahhh... Orgasm #9The music was awesome. A few times, I almost got up and started dancing... And a few times, I almost became that annoying customer who asks the waitress "Do you know who's song is playing now???"Another note. Everyone in here was beautiful. I saw many hot ladies and many hot guys. This is a place to notice and be noticed. Next time, I think I'll remain upstairs. They have big dark brown leather couches in the bar area where you can eat as well. Music is still great, but it's not as loud. More intimate. And the cherry blossom rice paper walls are sweeeeet eye candy.Thanks to the folks at The Stanton Social. My taste buds have never known such bliss."Did she just rub her hand on your back?" asked my dining companion as our server turned back to get our bill."haha! Yes, it was only the third time in the last five minutes! No worries, I know that has little to do with my personality and more with charming her way into a good tip." "Bringing Meatpacking to the LES", Stanton Social knows its market well. Too well, in fact: The pre-dominantly twenty-something, manifest hip n well-heeled, commitment phobic crowd. Stanton Social delivers exceptionally well on that. Starting from the name: "Social" - crowded before 9 pm with "girlfriends", the girl:guy ratio in the dining hall is probably 7:3. The format, Tapas, also encourages conversation and socialization over dainty morsels of food as opposed to gastronomic indulgence. And, the eclectic menu spares the dining patrons from committing to a particular cuisine. Why opt for nearby Italian ('Inoteca) when you can choose sassy fusion offerings from diverse cuisines spanning Vietnamese, Japanese, Mexican, European, to the Plain Jane Mac & Cheese (gussied up with Chorizo)?"You MUST try the French Onion Soup dumplings, they are the best I've ever had", said our friendly neighbor. He was having dinner on the upper level of the restaurant, while throwing a birthday party for his daughter and her friends (celebrating in a separate room). Inspired no doubt from the likes of Mayor Bloomberg, and such others.I smiled back politely at him, while leaning across the table to whisper to my companion, "See, I am not the only one who's a legend in his own mind". The cynic in me had already decided that the man had read reports about diners "sharing plates with each other", and "making lifelong friends", as a result of being forced by the seating arrangement to invade each other's personal space. Dammit, I am the exact opposite of what this place aspires for - the anti (Stanton) social :) I don't suffer pretense gladly. That said, I can appreciate that their format works for me, IF I am in the LES. The Kobe beef sliders are the perfect size, given their richness and greasiness. {The word "Sliders" is also re-assuring for the B&T crowd that they aren't too far from home (White Castle)}. The potato and goat cheese pierogies, lamb souvlaki, spring rolls, red snapper tacos, frites - were all excellent! The Tapas were served two at a time, and the kitchen operates efficiently to make sure that you're ready to be social at the earliest (highlighting the inherent tension between their desire to churn tables and the invitation for people to socialize over cocktails and bites). I did say earlier that SS knows it market well, and the loud music encourages alcohol consumption (scientific research), borrowing a page from Murray Hill bars.The annoying neighbor was having his own Meg Ryan moment (from When Harry Met Sally) over the doughnut holes, but as we know better, we chose to skip the dessert at SS and instead went to SSS (Sugar Sweet Sunshine) nearby. The night was young, and what better way to fuel ourselves than with some Banana pudding, and peanut butter icebox pie at S3B. The contrast in warmth and contentedness was like night and day. We all have our "Happy Place", and S3B is mine. As much as Stanton Social may be for its boisterous fans.I was at the upstairs area only. The vast majority of Yelpers seem to like the tapas at the restaurant. Perhaps one day I'll give that a try. Sounds promising.But the bar upstairs... uh, is this the same establishment? I said to my friend's friend shortly after entering, "I think this is the kind of place I hate." To which he replied, "Yeah, but sometimes you end up at 'em. Just keep acting like it's all good." Which I did. Because my friend whose birthday it was was having an excellent time and getting sloshed on comped gin.I just felt crowded. And a little sad. And too old for this shit.Credit where credit's due: the bartenders were nice.Stumbled up the stairs to the bar after "Bachlorette Dinner #1" of the weekend.  Bachlorette Dinner #1 included copious amounts of wine, which leaves me with a somewhat blurry recollection of the evening and a hangover that made "Bachlorette Dinner #2" of the weekend something of a chore.That being said, the following is what I know about The Stanton Social:1.  Everything about the place is sexy.  Maybe even sexy enough to inspire me to make out with a super hot lawyer.  Uh, AND his girlfriend. 2.  Hmmmm.  Apparently there is no #2.  All I know is that The Stanton Social is super sexy and capable of inspiring straight girls like me to make out with straight girls like me. So....yeah.  That's what I know about The Stanton Social.I would have never guessed such a classy, comfortable, and culinarily extraordinary restaurant and bar would be found here, amid the run-down, gritty, graffitied-up buildings of this neighborhood.  Nor would I have ever imagined that I'd rave over a joint that serves pan-ethnic tapas.  Yet here I am, reminiscing about the one meal that is quite solidly the most mouth-watering experience I've had in NYC... at Stanton Social.First off, make reservations.  Even on a weeknight.  It gets slammed in here, which we discovered.  Even on a Wednesday, we arrived nominally late and were permitted to be seated, but we were warned that we'd have to vacate by a specified time due to another party coming in.  No big, appreciate the warning and their flexibility to serve us anyway.  (Damn NY traffic in in the rain.)I could devote a few hundred words to the environment alone, but will simplify it down to a word: classy.  One could just as easily have an extremely nice business dinner here as one could a date to impress (and that other party better put out, too).Their drinks menu is varied and creative, utilizing ingredients from blood orange juice and jalapeño-infused tequila to green tea and marmalade.  I was a little overwhelmed by their specialty cocktails list, so I stuck to a personal favorite: an Old Fashioned.  Done up with some Jack, it was impeccably balanced, and oh-so-strong.  Needless to say, I followed it up with another.And the food, oh the food!  Just thinking about it makes me salivate.Things to definitely not miss are the sliders (is.gd/RVF5) - my favorite were the Kobe Philly ones with truffle and goat cheese fondue - and the French onion soup dumplings (is.gd/RVGD).  They're exactly what they sound like: French onion soup somehow cooked inside of a little dumpling wrapper, then covered with a layer of savory cheese, topped off with a cute little crouton.  And my personal fave was the steak and tots (is.gd/RW3V), which we ordered medium.  Meltingly tender meat over mildly rich and starchtastic tater tots (which seemed more like giant gnocchi to me).I'm convinced you can't go wrong here.  Other items we had included the duck confit empanadas, crabcake corndogs, charred chicken wings with a bleu cheese fondue, charred squid lettuce wraps, moo shu chicken, and of course chicken 'n' waffles.  With each dish that was brought out, we oohed and ahhed.Considering the quality and quantity of food for the prices they serve, it's quite a reasonable value.  There were posters up in the bathrooms about Monday night deals for 20% off - if those are accurate, it would be a crazy amazing steal, and I'd probably go there at least once a month.  My verdict is that Stanton Social is easily in my top three favorite restaurants of NYC.  Simply stellar, from start to finish.Like a certain CW teen drama that may or may not rhyme with "Boss sip Pearl", the Stanton Social is one of my most enjoyable guilty pleasures.  Yes, it's overrun with B &Ters on the weekends, and yes it's over-priced for small plates, but damn if I don't love it every time I go here.First off,  I'm a complete sucker for good design, and it's totally beautiful inside, especially the upstairs lounge. Perfectly dim lighting, pretty antique hand mirrors on the wall, and another wall of wine bottles arranged in a herringbone pattern, apparently an homage to the neighborhood's past life as a garment district.  Love it.And now, the food--as with any small plates restaurant, there are going to be hits and misses, but at SS I feel I've had mostly hits.  Most notably, the French Onion Soup Dumplings (I'm quite confident I could eat about 5 orders of these on my own), tuna tartare spring rolls, warm donuts with 3 dipping sauces, the raw bar platter...and finally, the Kobe slider.  The Stanton Social slider singlehandedly (alliteration, yes!) moved me from the category of People Who Don't Eat Red Meat into the category of People Who Eat EVERYTHING, and I thank it for making me the person I am today.  Seriously, that was it--one bite and vegetarianism was out the window.   Am I really that impressionable?  It would appear to be the case.  I think what it really comes down to is this:  finger food is fun, and high-concept finger food (um hello crab cake corn dogs?) is really fun when it's done well in a beautiful space and with tasty drinks (a little on the fruity side, but hey--guilty pleasure, remember?).  Stanton Social, I don't care if you're too post-trendy or expensive.  You are delicious and beautiful and I'll eat your donuts any day!The best, greatest failed romances, rather than leaving its participants up a one-way-street of grief, instead lead them to discover new, branching junctures. 'I didn't know humans like you existed before I met you,' you're left thinking. 'Now, thanks to you, my mind and my heart are open and evolved.'The Stanton Social is that rare and wonderful ex: while our best times are in the past, I continue to hold it in high regard. After all, its concept -well-rendered, delicious, not-atrociously-priced share plates for groups- transformed me into the type of girl who could discover and adore my current paramour, Traif (with the metaphysical ecstasy that I do). Don't let that early-millennium, Sex-and-the-City aesthetic that's a bit dated (but no less fascinating for out-of-towners) turn you off: the food is delicious. Unpretentious high-brow renderings of familiar favorites (e.g.: red snapper tacos, the droolsy French onion soup-dumplings, truffle-laced goat-cheese pierogies) are served at the palatable rate of one per diner, allowing you to custom-create a tasting menu of French-ish brunch or dinner for your party. The cocktail menu is accordingly SingleFabulousFemale-tastic, which is to say it's going to exasperate and bore some, but really, really appeal to the type that's been excited about commercial New York before. Even though I haven't been that girl for some time now, no hindsight bias or bitterness here - the SS gets my thumbs up any day of the week.Reservations needed, credit card hold and turn out to be MEH.... When I walked in I thought Stanton Social looked lavish but the food was either salty, bland, plain or way too cheesy. I only enjoyed one item out of the five dishes we ordered. FYI the way the food is served is tapas style, since we were a big party we ordered two of each. Spicy Lobster Benedict ($13) **** 4 stars, favorite dishKobe Philly ($7) -MehRed Snapper Tacos ($10)-Fail-too fishyFrench Onion Soup Dumplings ($12)-SaltySocial Mac & Cheese ($12)-BlandChicken n Waffles ($19)-double fail*Service was great but I notice every time we asked our busser something he would not smile. I won't be back.Have a large group with varying tastes and wondering where to take them before a night on the town? Stanton Social is invariably the answer. Birthday parties, bachelorette parties, reunions, dates and even rites of passage fill this loud and bustling LES restaurant on weekends while on weeknights it's locals digging into the downright delicious small plates. The best thing about ordering with a group is that I want to eat every single item on that menu. The highlights were the short rib tacos, goat cheese stuffed peppers, and of course the french onion soup dumplings -- it's worth a trip for those alone! Service is friendly and pretty efficient considering how many large groups they cover. Don't worry about missing out on anything because they make sure there's enough of each dish to serve your entire party. Also loved the Social Tea cocktail, though beware if you're not into sweet tea since that's basically what it is. It's totally hip and extremely well located, just make sure you time the visit to avoid the weekend B&T...yes, I'm referring to Peter D ;)I love tapas and I heart Stanton Social.They have a main dining room at ground level and a trendy bar / lounge upstairs.  You are in the midst of hipsters and fashionistas who probably have not eaten more than an almond in months so they can splurge their caloric intake here.  Unfortunately, I cannot say that I have eaten only 1 almond - make it more like 1 million almonds - Mama's gotta eat.The tapas are priced at around $7 a plate and honestly, not nearly enough to "share" between more than 2 people if that other person is lucky - which unfortunately, my "neighbor" was not.  That's kind of how they get you and why I take one star away!  Drinks are pricey at $13 a pop and not nearly enough alcohol for the price tag.  Luckily, I came here on the company's dime, so I got to PIG OUT.AWESOME:French Onion Soup Dumplings - stinky and dee-liciousKobe beef sliders - miniburgers that melt in your mouthGrilled cheese sliders - jalapeno bacon with fried green tomato.. OMGRed Snapper Tacos - F-ing GREAT!  The fish was cooked perfectly.Duck Confit Empanadas Short Ribs - moist and juicy, fell off the boneRabbit Meat Occhiette pasta - this dish was amazing.  I never thought I would like rabbit meat, but it actually tasted like beef and not gamy at all. GOOD:Apple & Brie QuesadillaPotato & Goat Cheese PierogiesCrabcake Corndogs - people seem to either like this dish or notPBJ Foie Gras - Foie Gras: goood, peanut butter: gooood.  OK:Chipotle Grilled Shrimp - ehMushroom Risotto Cakes - good palette cleanserBeef Wellington - surprisingly, this didn't wow me. it was decent.And for dessert, we had to have these pillowy little donuts with caramel sauces to drench in.  I hate to use the word orgasmic and I'm usually not a sweet tooth, but these were one good piece of FRIED HEAVEN!!Again, I didn't pay, but it looks like a good, FILLING dinner will run you at least $60 per person.This place is kind of like that girl that you meet a bar when you're drunk, she looks kinda cute, kinda your style. You get her number, make out with her for a while before you get dragged off by your friends. Then as soon as you leave, you drunk text her and make plans to see her the next night.So you meet up with her, making sure to pre-game at a dive bar beforehand, but you don't quiiiite get to that same level of drunkenness as the night before. You see her, in a better lit area, shes alittle rounder, alittle bit more homely looking. So you do some shots. A bunch of shots. You have fun, you make out some more. But you end up going home alone, not quite satisfied, and having spent alot more money and time than you planned on.Yeah, kinda like that.You had me at red velvet twinkies. I lie. I think you you actually had me at stone ground blue corn crabcake corndogs. The twinkies just turned me out.Just about everything we ordered was painstakingly moan worthy. I was kind of in a comatose daze after the meal, but I can remember that the following dishes knocked my socks off:Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies with truffle creme fraiche - Creamy and bursting with flavor!Stone-ground Blue Corn Crabcake 'Corn Dogs' - I'm a sucker for corn dogs and I love crab, so this was the perfect marriage for me.Rhode Island Style Lobster Roll - My first Rhode Island style lobster roll, so I cannot gauge this off others but it was creamy, delicious and had my taste buds dancing!Mac & Cheese w/chorizo and tomato - Eyes rolled to the back of my head. Put a fork in me. I'm done.Red velvet twinkies with cream cheese icing filling - Say whaaaat?! I thought I was done, until the dessert menu came out. Awesome.The following dishes were still above average, but not life changing:Grilled Apple & Brie Quesadilla - Pretty straightforward.Old School Meatballs w/ricotta 'manicotti' - A little bland.French Onion Soup Dumplings - Delicious, but a extremely rich and a bit heavy.Grilled Corn w/chipotle butter, lime & cotija - Again, pretty straight forward.'Chicken n' Waffles' chicken, aged cheddar waffle, corn pudding andbalsamic spiked maple syrup - Very creative, but the waffle was kind of hard and the chicken was pretty bland. The dish just seemed kind of dry overall.Also, I ordered a grapefruit and mint martini that was absolutely fabulous - the perfect balance of tart and sweet.Service was also amazing. Our waitress was on top of it, popping by just enough to be effective and helpful but otherwise undisruptive.Love the vibe in the restaurant as well - lots of candles, low lighting, soft trendy music to offset the buzzing conversations around us...Thank you Leighann F (Boston CM extraordinaire) for leading us here. I easily understand why this is one of your all time favorite restaurants!Three years, four months and two days later...Props to The Stanton Social for still rockin' the house with amazing food, on-point service and an electric, dinner-conducive, buzz-worthy atmosphere.After a lengthy hiatus, I returned to The Stanton Social to bring my boss and colleagues out for a nice dinner during a week of conferences in NYC. I hemmed and hawed and finally blurted out this amazing spot that I dines at ages ago for my birthday. It dawned on me in a mini-panic that the memory of my delight with this spot may be overshadowed and diminished with time. Such is not the case, and my opinion alone need not be the basis for this judgment.For witness, I give you my three dining companions, a native and current resident of London (specifically Camden), a Washington DC man about town, and young woman with a discerning palette who has spent equal time in San Francisco, Las Vegas, DC and is now a resident of NYC. Each of them, at every bite of every dish, marveled aloud at the taste and the presentation. They continually commented, through garbled musings of yum, between bites...we finished every smidge brought to us.When you have such a diverse group of people expressing an overwhelming amount of pleasure about the food at the restaurant you've chosen, it give you a certain amount of pride, satisfaction and general merriment at their joy of enjoyment.Thank you Stanton Social for your long-lasting consistency, and you're ability to deliver on some serious expectations after all this time!One of my favorite restaurants in the area!Service is just OK but the food is delicious! Tapas style so 6-8 dishes for parties of 2-3. 8-12 dishes for parties of 4-6. Must haves are the french onion soup dumplings, the potato goat cheese pierogies, and kobe beef sliders. Ambiance is great. Beautiful restaurant but gets loud and tight on the weekends. Reservations for parties over 2 are a must. Ask to sit upstairs if you're on a date, as it's a bit more intimate.Having an 8 hour layover at JFK while en route to Paris, I opted to have dinner with friends in the city instead of trying to find something to do at the airport.My friend decided that 7 of us would have dinner at Stanton Social - so after a happy hour, we gathered here to eat.Stanton Social is a funky place.  It has such a good feel to the place, and while it is crowded, loud, and hip - - I noticed immediately that this was the type of place that would become a group of friends' "regular hangout" if I lived in NYC.There are no real "entrees" here.  The concept is new American cuisine, tapas-style, meant to be shared by everyone at the table.  On this evening, we ordered a real "tasting menu" of items - - ordering just enough of any one dish to give all 7 of us a good taste of the food before moving on to the next item.  It was a true mish-mash of food from all parts of the world with their own twist on it.Some of the things we had were as follows:- Rabbit Meat Occheriette pasta (spelling?)- Lamb Souvlaki- Kobe Beef Sliders- French Onion Dumplings- Duck Confit Empanadas- Short Ribs- Moo Shu Chicken- Dozen Oysters from east and west coast- Meatballs- Flank Steak... amongst others.Some, like the sliders, were served 1 to an order - and at $7 per order, we opted to order 4 and cut each in half.  It was enough, and while taste was good, it didn't blow me away.  It's just not right to put any BBQ sauce on Kobe Beef.  Others that I found to be "OK" were the empanadas, and steak - - nothing special, just good food, and it's one of those things you're glad you're sharing so that this is not your main entree for the evening.  I did not like the short ribs at all - - it was entirely too sweet, though they were cooked well.The Rabbit Meat pasta was extraordinary.  I could do 3 plates of this on my own, no joke.  It had a real spicy kick to it, and pasta was cooked perfectly.  Our server told us it was a new item to the menu.  Meatballs were also exemplary - - soft and seasoned perfectly, drenched in some tomato sauce concoction.  With two excellent bottles of wine from Spain - - we finished our meal and moved onto dessert.Stanton Social serves up some great dessert.We had a lot of ice cream, but the one dessert that nearly had us moaning was the Guinness and Bailey's Ice Cream dessert.  Holy cow!!!!!!!!!!!Ambiance was really cool, and the servers were nice.  All in all, it was a great dinner.  The cost was pretty decent, at $62 per person, for a dinner for 7 people.  This place is DEFINITELY worth checking out when in NYC.  I would definitely recommend this place for group gatherings of up to 8 people, and girls' night out, or other social events.  Music is hip and it just FEELS like the beginning of a big night for friends.  I would not, however, recommend it for business dinners (too loud) or the first 3 dates or so (no privacy, not really meant for quiet chatting).I had so much fun, I can honestly say this was  the best layover, EVER!{Ambiance} Trendy/Modern. Some tables are a bit closer together than others. Everything here was neat, clean, and organized. {Service} Excellent. The hostess was friendly and welcoming. Our server took the time to go over the menu with us. She was patient, helpful, and warm throughout our meal. Everyone here worked together as a team. Each dish comes out one at a time. Once you are done, it is removed immediately. Your serving plate will also be changed after every dish. {Food} Red Snapper Tacos- MUST try. The red snapper is light and melts in your mouth. The creamy avocado and spicy mango was a lovely touch. Just thinking about it makes me want more now. Kobe Beef Burger- Simply prepared with quality ingredients. Brioche bun, caramelized onions, mini kobe beef patty, and a slice of tomato. 'Kobe Philly'- The truffle and goat cheese fondue on top was amazing. Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies - Cheesy goodness. The truffle creme fraiche was beautiful. French Onion Soup Dumplings- These puppies come out nice and hot with loads of melted cheese on top. Each dumpling is bursting with flavor. The croutons were seasoned well. The soft soup dumpling and crispy crouton work well together. Spicy Lamb Souvlakis- Warm succulent pieces of lamb presented in the form of a meatball. Topped off with cool Tzatziki. The Harissa Aioli on the side gives the Souvlaki a nice kick. Warm Doughnuts with caramel- The PERFECT ending to a delicious meal. Lightly crisp on the outside. Warm and soft inside. Covered with loads of cinnamon and sugar. The caramel dipping sauce that comes with it is well made. The doughnuts are just as tasty on its own. {Price Range} $6-22 per dish. {Note} Make reservations.If I am lucky, I will die choking on a Kobe beef slider while having sex.Yes, they are that good. In an effort to find a suitable place for my BFF's bachelorette dinner, I bribed the boy into trying out the Stanton Social with me. Here's everything we tried:The drinks were tasty and inventive, via:Blood-Orange Jalepeno MargaritaBasil-Gin MojitoWatermelon-Ginger MargaritaSomething else that was really good and gin based...I forget, however Pegu Club and PDT do cocktails better. 1/2 dozen Oysters - Though we'd like to consider ourselves adventurous, this was the first time either one of us had raw oysters. And they were...f*cking amazing! It was a total Anthony Bourdain from (the book) Kitchen Confidential moment; sea-salty flavorful, fresh, and oddly sexual.Kobe Beef sliders - See comment above.Chicken-n-Waffles - Good but not great. Maybe I'm just a displaced GRITS (girl raised in the south) but when I think of chicken-n-waffles, I'm thinking FRIED CHICKEN with crispy coating and etc. This chicken, though flavorful, was grilled! WTF?!This dish would be better orchestrated as a salad; grilled chicken, waffle-like bread bits, mixed mesclun greens, with that yummy  maple syrup/balsamic vinaigrette reduction as the salad dressing...I could support that.French Onion Soup Dumpling - Uber-stinky cheese (expect a weird look or two from tables in your vicinity) but damned tasty.Pickles - Meh. Maybe this is more a reflection of the actual pickle company (Gus's) but most of our spears were too 'new' ie; still cucumbers 1/2 a star off for the chicken in the chicken-n-waffles, and the too new pickles. 1/2 a star off for being just a *bit* too loud. I understand it's a trendy and scene-y place (lots of rich bitches and the sugar daddies that love them,) but there's a weird paradigm that Stanton Social gets you caught in: When you enter the resto and notice the loud music, you adjust your volume to be heard across your table...then they turn up the music, forcing you to raise your volume...and so it goes. 1/2 a star off for not knowing (or being told by the hostess or the waiter) that there was a lounge upstairs; though we were stuffed from our meal, we definitely would have continued drinking at the bar had we known of its existence!Total: 3.5 stars, but I really liked this place, so I'll round it up to 4. I'd go again, in a heartbeat (or as soon as our just-outta-undergrad-broke-asses can afford it again.)I had to bring a work truck down to Stanton & Ludlow on Sunday.I sat in my truck and was surfing the internet, emailing my woman, and the manager came out and thanked me for the truck. He told his man to bring me anything on the menu!So I chose the Kobe burger and fries. Another staff member came out within minutes with 4 lil burger shots and fries. They were in two separate black plastic containers with clear lids. They were placed in a fancy brown bag with a carry handle. The fries had with it two black saucers of ketchup and a delicious mayo mix of some sort of spicy side. I was hungry and was more than humbled and pleased with this kind gesture of the manager!I sat in the truck and at probably the fanciest meal I had in NYC. I am a Burger King guy when I need a treat....but this manager is incredible. His staff all treat me like I am a person....and that is rare in NYC!Dined @ *The Stanton Social* for a girls night out last Thursday.  It was, indeed, a great choice!  I must agree with everyone that all of the dish portions were quite small.  However, most of the dishes were very DELISH and well worth the money.  The waiter suggested that we get 7 dishes to split amongst the 4 of us.  And so we did and ordered the following:1. Red Snapper Tacos 2. Spicy Lamb Souvlakis 3. Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies 4. French Onion Soup Dumplings 5. Barbeque Duck Confit & Black Bean Empanadas 6. Wild Mushroom Risotto Cakes7. BBQ Babyback Ribs It was a good idea that we ordered 7 different dishes to sample.I so wanted to try *The Red Velvet 'Twinkie'* for dessert but by the time we finished all of the food, we were stuffed and could not STUFF ANYMORE!Anyhow, this place is a bit pricey BUT veeery TASTY!!!Visited Stanton Social with a party of 5 for a birthday celebration.My husband and I arrived before the rest of our party, so we headed up to the bar to wait.  The bar area was nice, not too crowded and had a nice atmosphere.  I tried the Champagne Julep with was very good.When our party arrived, we were seated promptly, even though they were quite late.  I was pleased that our table was upstairs, the downstairs area seemed really very crowded - I couldn't believe how close the tables are to each other.For dinner we ordered the Ahi Tuna, Popcorn Shrimp, Pasta Carbonara, Meatballs, Duck Salad, Brie & Apple Quesadilla, and Lamb Souvlaki.  Group favorites were the Tuna, Shrimp and Carbonara, but everything was really very good.We were all pretty full, but decided to go for dessert as well - we did the red velvet twinkie which was "meh", the mocha sundae which was very good, and the donuts which were to die for.Service was very good - friendly and attentive.  And I also enjoyed the atmosphere, even though the music was really too loud.However, despite the fact that everything was good, I kind of wish I could give this place 3.5 stars - I wish that the menu had been just a bit more daring and innovative, and I think the sister restaurant - Beauty & Essex - is a better spot, with more solid food, a cooler vibe, and is a more solid 4 stars than this one.But, nevertheless, we enjoyed our evening and our meal, and I would certainly recommend this restaurant to anyone.Cant decide what to get here? Definitely French onion soup dumplings. If you were smart enough to come for brunch, eggs Benedict. Kobe beef burgers. Grilled cheese. Edamame. Pretty much everything on the menu is delicious even if you think you don't like an ingredient. Drinks are pricy but the bartenders make a good drink. This is a good place for groups, but I've gone on a date as well and not broken the bank.Amazing place.  My review can't/won't do it justice. This is one of my favorite restaurants in Manhattan. There are tea light candles everywhere and music playing that you might hear in a lounge.  All the food here is fabulous.  My favorites are the french onion soup dumplings, sliders, quesadillas, pierogies, I just can't choose one...dessert is even better!  Brunch here is equally Delius.  You're not going to be disappointed. The cocktails - oh the cocktails...Great place to come with someone who enjoys your same taste in food - one dish is probably good for only two people anyway - three tops.The cocktails alone deserve 5 stars. Me likes to drink.I tried the Grapefruit Mint Martini and the Social Tea and both were dee-licious and alcohol laden. I was buzzed after my second drink and helped myself to my friend's Blood Orange Jalapeno. That shiz is spicy, suitable for my Korean taste buds.French onion soup dumplings were foodgasmic. We also ordered the goat cheese pierogies, red snapper tacos, spicy lamb kebabs, risotto mushroom cakes, and empanadas. The food is hit or miss but Stanton Social's chill and trendy vibe, coupled with expertly mixed cocktails more than made up for a few of the lackluster dishes.We staggered outta the joint buzzed, bellies content, ready for round 2.For those of you new to my reviews, I'll let you in on a little secret: I like small plates. What better way to get to know a place than to try many items instead of one or two? When I heard that Stanton Social specialized in small plates I knew I had to give it a shot.I called around noon asking for a reservation for that evening and got the dreaded "Before 6pm or after 10pm" answer. We decided to do the pop in around 7pm and take our chances. Lo and behold, we were seated right away. One look at the menu and I knew we made a wise decision - EVERYTHING sounded fantastic. For two, we ordered the following:-Essex Street Pickles from "The Pickle Guy" (c'mon, I HAD to try the pickles!-Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies-Sweet & Sour Chicken & Cashew Spring Rolls-Pumpkin & Goat Cheese Croquettes-Meatballs w/ Basil & Ricotta-Butternut Squash & Sweet Potato RavioliThe Spring Rolls and the Ravioli were the definite standouts but everything ranged from good to great. I kind of wished we ordered another meaty item (eg. chicken n' waffles or the steak & tots) but overall I would highly recommend checking out Stanton Social if you're in the mood for sharing. Remember kids, sharing is caring.I had the task of arranging one of our mega dinners, and if you've ever had to go all out for a party of 16 (15 hot chicks + 1 very, very lucky SOB; well, I guess lucky depending on your perspective), I know, you know, that that could mean trouble in more ways than one.  When you get Troupe California all dolled up, no way, you can't have just ONE girl as the designated camera(wo)man (*sigh*  "I'll email it everyone!"), but a dozen freaking paparazzi clicking their 5MPs all night at minimum.  To all the strangers in the restaurant that night subject to our giddy strobe lighting, I'm sorry! Okay, let's rewind.  First of all, I made reservations with the events manager, Abbi, weeks in advance.  She informed me that Stanton only accomodates parties our size so long as they agree to pre-fixe (moderately personalized menu which you select in advance) at a rate of $45 per person, plus the cost of drinks, tax and gratuity, and that of course, there would be a per-head cancellation charge.  Uhhh, no sweat -- that is, until she forwarded me the menu...  Pressure!  Who's azz is on the line if the selections are poor?  (Mine).  And what's with all the choices and pairings?  Don't they know that I hate Starbucks and The 1 million and 1 Step Program to a Caffinated Life?!  *Exhale*  With trepidation, I chose a bevy of starters and sides, main dishes (all served family style -- that's also part of the deal) and dessert, oh my.  Talk about bang for the buck:Potato & Goat Cheese PeirogiesDuck Confit Empanadas (Yes.)Herb dusted fritesHaricot VertsFrench Onion Soup Dumplings (YES!)Spinach SaladSpicy Lobster PastaWasabi Pea Crusted SalmonGrilled Dry-Aged Hanger Steak (YES, YES!!)Warm Doughnuts and Cookies (YES, YES, YEEEEESSS!!!)On top of that, the space is gorgeous, dark and very sexy, and the cocktails? Luscious.  The Social Gunpowder (Stoli Citros, Gunpowder green tea & Orange-Honey Marmalade), Pineapple Martini, etc. are all in the affordable, by NY standards, neighborhood of $9-$11!  Yuuuum, let me at 'em.  I wouldn't mind just going down the drink list one by one and calling it a night.  Thanks for a terrific evening.  (-1 star for the sardine can seating arrangement.  Even girls need elbow room).Came here on a Thursday night with a friend for drinks and tapas after work.The tapas dishes are good--but not outstanding--which makes the menu, in my opinion, overpriced. The wait service is the too-eager type that borders on intrusive--several times my friend and I had our conversation interrupted to ask how our food was. There's a line between courteous and annoying...our waitress crossed it repeatedly.Although the swank decor is appealing, the crowd seemed a bit too into "being seen." It's overcrowded and too loud for conversation, so if you're more into scoping out who else is there instead of conversing with your friends, this is indeed the place to be.So until last week I felt pretty left out. How come everyone gets to try the Stanton Social but me? I finally made it there for a hot date with Theo since I had been begging to go for some time. Since this place is ever-popular, I was surprised Theo got us a rezzie for a Thursday night, prime time. Turns out AMEX concierge services helped him out. I guess that's for another review. In any event, we sauntered (yes, I sauntered) inside, we were directed upstairs to the bar for a cocktail or two before dindin. I ordered the Manhattan Sidecar  and sipped it while trying to look sexy (not for Theo, but to match the crowd) and enjoyed it very, very much. Someone came and got us at some point and I followed her (while doing my very best to saunter) to our table downstairs. My my, this place is like the definition of swank and sex. Exposed beams, pretty wallpaper, snuggly tables, low lighting, mmm mmm good. We heard from the waiter that these dishes were meant to share. We perused the menu, I ordered another Manhattan Sidecar and we were off to the races. Theo and I rarely agree on dishes to share, but finally chose four that would make us both happy:1. French Onion Soup Dumplings - These were at the suggestion of our waiter, and he was right, they are incredible.2. Sweet & Sour Chicken and Cashew Spring Rolls - Not my favorite, but pretty good anyway, I would eat them again.3. Zucchini Tempura - YES PLEASE. Probably the best zucchini anything I have ever eaten. Yep, ever. 4. Spicy Lamb Souvlakis - I saved the best for last. How do you fit so much goodness in one tiny lamb bite? Clever chefs, always leave me wanting more. After licking my fingers clean (again, trying to be sexy...but I just don't think I am very good at that) and ordering another Sidecar, I was full and happy and frankly very tired. The excitement really got to me. Well, the excitement and the noise. Stanton Social had only one negative that I can see - it was crazy, headache inducing, ballpark-after-a-homerun-loud. I could barely hear Theo across our tiny table and when I did, I was keeping the conversation light, since I didn't want to scream personal information to him since the tables on either side of us were packed in really close.Once we left and my full and no longer sexy self dropped into a cab for the ride back to the UES, Theo and I agreed that The Stanton Social is perfect for girls night out, but a hot date? We will try something a little quieter next time, but hopefully the food is equally good. Stanton Street Win.De - freakin' - licious. As cheesy as that made up expression may sound, I'm still dreaming about the goat cheese and potato perogies from Stanton Social. A dark, cool, sleek and trendy atmosphere, Stanton Social's tapas style dishes range from sweet and sour chicken egg rolls to southern style chicken and waffles. I've never been to one place that serve Meatballs on one side of the menu and French Onion Soup dumplings on the other. Stanton Social is the perfect mix of eclectic multi-national foods all of which compliment each other perfectly.Things to know before you go...- Make a reservation. - The "coat check" is in the front of the restaurant on racks. It's odd- A table for two can be a little close to other tables for two... space is a luxury.- The food is delicious and very very memorable. I've already made a reservation to go again.Thanks for an awesome culinary experience Stanton Social. This past Wednesday night I died and went to food heaven.P.s. I also heard that the owner is Portugese. If you're reading this, eu também. :)I love Stanton Social's food. and I've eaten here before... but I was shocked by the way the hideous clam creature of a maitre de treated me... moral of the story, you can't eat in the main dining room unless you order an appetizer, entree and a dessert. I get it, they want to make money... but it was midnight, it wasn't crowded and I offered to pay the difference. I've never felt so crappy after visiting a restaurant. I came in at 11:30/12PM on a Fridayy night with my GF and asked to get dessert... the maitre de said we can eat dessert upstairs at the lounge... so we walked upstairs into the loud and over crowded bar scene. We walked back down because it was too crowded upstairs, and  we were hoping they would just sit us in the dining room, there were clearly tables available. The maitre de refused to sit us because we only wanted dessert, I even said I would pay 50 dollars just for desserts to make up for the fact that we weren't getting an "appetizer, entree, and dessert"... apparently if you don't get all three you can't eat there. What makes things worse, an elderly couple (mid 60's) walked down from the lounge at the same time we did, and the maitre de sat them, knowing they were only going to get desserts! Look I don't usual get mad about this kind of stuff... but a serious restaurant like Stanton Social, a place I've been a bunch of times, can't possibly think it's acceptable to treat customers like that. Honestly, I love chef Santos, and I am really sad that someone under his helm would treat a returning customer like this. It's just really bad business....I've been to a bunch of restaurants, waited hours for meals, had bad service... but this was just the worst. There are better restaurants in the city, and it's not a good idea to piss off your future rivals. Stanton Social...  I give you 1 month to return my dining dignity back to me. Good day.Great for parties. The process from a reservation phone call to getting seated the night of the party- FLAWLESS. I wish I could remember our waitress' name but I can't even remember how many of their yummy cocktails I had. She was the cutest thing in short red hair that made us feel like we were the only ones in the room, despite the place being packed by Europeans and pre-clubbing hipsters. Excellent service- 5 stars.We ordered food and drink as secondary to keep us busy besides revelling at my awesome outfit, but I had no idea that it would steal the show. The food deserved 4 stars including presentation, the drinks 5. Everytime they brought out another family-style dish, there was an "ooo" or and "aaahh". Everytime they brought out a drink, there was a "gimmee! gimeee!" and a drool here and there.The scene upstairs was quite intimate and more laid back unlike the scene downstairs. Go to the bar if you want to sneak in a sloppy smooch session, or stay downstairs and do it if you are into that sort of thing. We promise we won't judge you, but just what you're wearing.This is a great place to start the night with your party of 10 or more. Get addicted to the martinis, it just might be a great place to end it.I declared to Irri that we're going to be coming here often. Cool environment, good food to share, and we had fun. Then I coerced her to take her dates here so she can repeatedly dine and drink foe free, since she's "looking" ; P The restaurant is nicely decorated with dark wood furnishings, deep red accents, and off-white walls. The look is young and contemporary.    Recently, Irri met up with me after work on sat for her extended bday dinner, and girl's night. We arrived early for our 11pm rsv, so we went upstairs for drinks. A quarter before 11, the nice hostess found us and took us to our table. I was starved so I just breezed through the menu and ordered what ever sounded yummy for Irri and I. The tastiest was the duck empanadas, which I ordered with Irri in mind because she likes duck more than I. It was plump and savory, over a thick tomato-ey sauce. We also had: spicy miso glazed edamame - edamame was overpowered with the glaze, and ended on my fingers like bbq; lobster roll - is soo mini, it's cute but not a comparison to the city's popular establishments for lobster rolls; potato & goat cheese pierogies with caramelized onions and creamy dip - 2nd best dish, really good; kobe slider - wack, it was cold, and tasted like regular beef; and haricots verts with garlic and asiago - simple and delicious, with a crunch to them. For drinks we had: Basil-Lime Gimlet, 1940's Champagne Julep, Blood Orange Margarita, reg Mojito - I noticed many of their drinks was citrusy (i.e. fresh lime, lemon syrup, pineapple juice, orange bitters, clementine wedges...) I didn't really like any of the cocktails we ordered. None were great; all were small.While waiting for my sis to pick us up, we killed some time at the Slipper Room, down the block from Stanton Social ($5 cover). It's a dingy looking burlesque bar, that had two amazing go-go dancers that night. We caught an odd show with some brief nudity. Read review.Let me start by saying that I thought the food at this establishment was great. Yet when I spend $60 dollars on a meal I expect to be somewhat filled. Instead I have one french onion soup dumpling, one red snapper taco, one mushroom risotto cake, one crab cake corn dog, and well you get the point. And this being a small plate establishment, everything was the size of a quarter. Okay, I'm exaggerating. More like a silver dollar. Not a good place to go for a group of six. Better for a intimate dinner for 2.We ate at the lounge. A note for Stanton Social. You are a small plate, tapas like restaurant. You want people to order multiple plates. Yet you have these teeny tiny stepping stools being passed for tables. And you wonder how one of the drinks on the table ended up crashing onto the floor. The music is incredibly loud that having a conversation is beyond impossible.Their cocktail menu is catered more to the party girl taste if you ask me. I asked the bartender if he had anything a little more dark and bitter to no avail. Instead I just opted for a scotch on the rocks.This is one of those places where people just go to be seen, and say that they've eaten there. To me it's the kind of place that shows what's wrong with the LES these days, which is a shame since the food is excellent. After dinner I visited the Meatball Shop down the block for a "snack".Went here for an early birthday brunch celebration last Saturday.  We had a group of six, which was perfect to try out all the different tapas.  We ordered so much that we felt like it was probably easier to just tell them what we didn't want!Here's the dish rundown:1) warm doughnuts with caramelthese piping hot, sugared bundles of happiness were complemented by the delightfully, delicious caramel dipping sauce.  every one of us probably did the eye roll when we bit into these bad boys.  by far one of our favorites!  we even kept the dipping sauce - it was so GOOD!2) ricotta fritters with raspberry jamalso great, but after one of those doughnuts, it just doesn't compare.  not an overly cheesey flavor.  nicely sweetened by the raspberry jam.3) lemon blackberry silver dollar pancakesthese are probably great, but i'm never really in the mood for pancakes, so when i have one when i don't want them, i just eat them to eat them - which was the case here.  nothing to write home about, but the blackberries tasted fresh...4) breakfast bruschettascrambled eggs on crusty bread with ovendried tomatoes and asiago cheese.  these were yummy!  the ovendried tomatoes were not overpowering.5) fancy benedictthe lobster benedict was a bit difficult to share.  it was okay.  i thought the lobster was a bit overcooked though...6) bistro saladthis salad was great!  we all loved it.  it had huge chunks of bacon (lardons) which i originally mistook for a crouton - but it was a pleasant surprise...7) monte christo sliderthis was the only thing that we didn't like.  apparently the bread and/or accompanying sauce was sweet.  i didn't partake after the initial "ew!" that was uttered.  from what a remember, a monte christo is not sweet, but who knows?!8) rhode island lobster roll sliderbeing the b-day girl, i was gonna hog this little goodie all to myself, but i shared.  it was the perfect mixture of lobster, mayo and celery shoved into a roll and dusted with what i think was paprika.  it was delectable!**the sliders are not meant to be shared, but we all love each other, so we shared nibbles!9) potato and goat cheese pierogiesi was sure i was going to hate these, but they were quite surprising.  i'm not a fan of goat cheese, but sometimes i'll take a nibble.  these were the perfect combination of potato and goat cheese.  not too overpowering with goat cheese flavor.  the caramelized onions on top and the truffled creme fraiche dip were perfect!  it created one heavenly mouthful of scrumptiousness...  (if i had the nerve i'd ask for more of the truffled creme fraiche and package it to take home with me!  you can never go wrong with truffles...)10) french onion soup dumplingsthese were the one things that i had to try.  unfortunately, i was kinda disappointed.  i was expecting some soupiness like in shanghai soup dumplings.  these were just dumplings with the french onion soup components sans the soup.  meh11) wood grilled pizzetaalso good, but everyone had little pockets of saltiness or spiciness in their pieces.  would probably be even better if the sauce was uniformly flavored throughout.  i still liked it though.  maybe i just got one of the better pieces...12) meatballsthe meatballs were good.  nice and moist, but could've used a bit more seasoning.  the manicotti they were on top of were just blah.  i'd take the meatballs and pawn the manicotti off on someone else...13) wild mushroom and smoked goat cheese frittatai think i might've liked this better if i hadn't waited so long to get my piece.  by the time i came around to it, it was cold and tasted overcooked.  oh well...14) potato latkesthese were okay.  not a traditional latke.  i thought they were too coarsely cut for latkes.  might've been better if it lived up to the expectation i had in my mind...  plus it was bland.and finally...15) fritesthese were gone in no time flat.  as soon as they hit the table, hands were flying towards them.  i looked away for a second and they were all gone... the chile mayo was yum yum.if i hadn't written this review, i never would've believed we ordered this many plates.  but we all left happy and FULL!  it was a wonderful early birthday celebration.also, the service was phenomenol!  glasses were constantly filled and the waiter was attentive without being a hover-maniac.i'd definitely go back, if i could ever get a dinner reservation...  and i'd definitely bring another medium sized crew, if only to get the same variety that a bigger group would get to try versus a party of two...Members of the old DC Yelp crew gathered at Stanton Social over slushpocalypse weekend to celebrate a birthday of a very prolific (former-NYC, now in London) yelper. The place just oozed swank as we were led through the restaurant and up the back stairs to a cozy booth for eight. I enjoyed the candles, low-lighting and the decor upstairs with the hand mirrors.  It definitely proved to be the perfect joint for a group gathering (like a birthday or a bachelor/ette party), date (especially if you snagged a spot in the lounge-y area by the upstairs bar) or a business type dinner. As we glanced over the menu, we made what-some-might-find-to-be-inappropriate-sounds while we considered what dishes to get. And that was -before- we ate them. You can only imagine the audio that occurred while we ate the potato & goat cheese pierogies, French onion soup dumplings, yellowfin tuna sashimi, red snapper tacos, spicy lamb souvlaki, Thai-spiced baby back ribs, chicken 'n waffles and the pan roasted day boat scallops. Since we were heading to Apothéke afterward, I chose not to sample any of the cocktails here. Because let's face it...if you know me, you know it takes at most 2.5 drinks to get me silly-drunk. But I have to say, of my dining companions who did drink, they looked very tasty.I can't actually pinpoint a favorite dish of the night because they were all so good which I think is just a testament to the fact that you can't go wrong with any of the dishes here. My highlights, however, were the truffled crème fraiche that accompanied the pierogies -heavenly. They should consider selling it by the pint. The red snapper tacos were also outstanding. There was a nice crunch to the taco shell and the fish filling was perfectly paired with creamy avocado and spicy mango but didn't feel mushy. The tuna sashimi was incredibly light and fresh; a nice change from the heaviness/richness of the soup dumplings, ribs and chicken/waffles.We were able to find room to share some dessert. The donuts were hot-and-fresh-from-the-fryer-but-not-too-heavy and topped with sugar. Paired with chocolate, caramel and raspberry dipping sauces - they were pretty much like crack to a dessert whore. All in all, it was an amazing meal with great service. For all that we ate in our party of eight, I believe with tax and tip included we paid $50 each. Got super crowded by the time we left so be sure to make a reservation but probably a good idea to go earlier in the week.After raving about brunch for two weeks, we decided to try dinner. I felt like my little niece was serving us play food from her Barbie oven. I love Tapas but these were hors d'oeurves at best! They charged us $5 extra to put an extra empanadas on our plate because there was four of us and each plate comes with three bites. The Zucchini tempura burned my mouth, the crab corn dogs were not good at all, and the pasta with lamb is just all over the place. It just isn't worth the bill. I literally found myself at McDonald's later that night because I was so hungry and we ordered about 8 plates. I would only recommend this place to a model on fashion week who is going on the runway in twenty minutes.Some of the dishes were good, but overall the menu was unbalanced. Only rich foods, nothing fresh, nothing light to balance with the heaviness of the dishes. I don't believe that food needs to be unhealthy to be good, it is a misconception that bad chefs perpetuate.I ordered a side dish of mushrooms and the mushrooms were cremini mushrooms, I thought only cheap places served this kind of mushrooms. Kobe beef burger came with ketchup on it, with a high quality meat ketchup should be on the side, I tasted more the ketchup than the meat.Very pretentious without the culinary skills to back it up.Just got back. There are 2 floors to this place. We sat down below. We had 6 ppl and ordered 2 dishes each for sharing. That came out to enough food for everyone. We also ordered a $40 bottle of wine. Bill came out to $45/head after everything..not bad. Someone at our table pointed out that Stellan from Good Will Hunting sat at the table next to us and was starstruck. Total meal time: 2hrsDecor: upscale, dimMust get: snapper tacos, short rib tacos, salmon, 90 proof dessert shot. They are all to die for.Note: They don't seat you until your ENTIRE party is present.Also, order everything upfront and they will pace the dishes coming out.I took my foodie meetup here:meetup.com/teamfoodie/ca…I'm giving Stanton Social 4 stars for the food. If you go, go early to avoid the proverbial evening crowds because the physical space does not accommodate the popularity of the spot.You don't have to go to Stanton for a full sit down to enjoy their menu, hit up their appetizers.  There are two items that are "a-must" to order are the Kobe sliders and the Duck Confit empanadas. Enjoy!The lobster rolls were actually quite good - the roll is a bit sweet, and makes it a good combination.  Plus it came with these potato chips, and those were probably the best chips I ever had.  Also probably the greasiest.  Goat tacos were okay, and it turns out I'm not a huge fan of goat.  What I really enjoyed were the sugared donuts that came with the caramel, raspberry, and chocolate dipping sauce.  It's so simple, but so delicious, and fun, too!  We also had a platter of Jamie's cookies, but small little mini versions of the picture posted on Yelp.   Those are greaaaat cookies.So Stanton Social obviously does not need any more reviews. But here's mine! I arrived at around midnight on a Saturday night for cocktails. The crowd was lively and the lounge was sexy. It's not ultra high end, but still nice. We were able to grab a few seats at the bar and threw back a few cocktails, looked at handsome boys, participated in witty banter and pranced out when we tired of it all! Overall, a fun place. I will have to come back for the food.I like the atmosphere, especially the upstairs bar/lounge area. I can't imagine that a space like this would have empty tables at 7pm on a friday night. Either way, it's a great place to start your night.They have a wide variety of tapas dishes on call. Of which, the kobe burgers were good, the red snapper fish tacos were stellar, and the goat cheese bruschetta-like thingies were enjoyable.Overall, I had a great time here. The bartender was friendly, the place wasn't too crowded, and the food was good. However, like most tapas places, the bill adds up quickly.This restaurant is the ideal L.E.S. restaurant.  It's trendy, hip, and too cool for anywhere else in the city.  Inside you'll be amazed by the large glowing wine wall in a herringbone pattern, plush retro booths, fine lizard skin banquettes, fringe walls and modern chandeliers.  The dolled up patrons here makes it a perfect spot for people watching.  A great in-between pit-stop prior to bar hopping in the area.I made reservations for two.  The hostess asked us to wait in their bar/lounge, located on the top floor.  As we walk upstairs we could hear the music thumping.  The scene was young and vibrant.  Sleek leather couches/tables, square cocktail tables, and woodland/floral motif wallpaper instantly captures my eye.  Took us awhile to snake through the bar and order some drinks.  After 15 minutes of waiting, I was worried our hostess wouldn't be able to find us.  There was a mob of people upstairs.  We descended downstairs and just waited.  It didn't matter, we weren't seated until another 15 minutes had elapsed.    The place is so dark, I had to use my blackberry in order to see the menu.  Menu was varied, multi-ethnic and experimental.  There's something for everyone.  Prices ranging from $7 - $18 seems to be a great deal.  Until you find out the portions are no bigger than tapas sizes.  The idea here is shared plates, ideal for the non-committed.  You create your own meal and get a little sample of everything.  That can quickly add up.The order: 1) Goat cheese Perogies w/ caramelized onions and truffle creme fraiche.  Perogies (fried dumplings of unleavened dough) filled w/ herb infused goat cheese was delectable.  I'm no connoisseur of this Russian dish, but I like it.  Crispy fried outershell and creamy cheese worked perfectly together with just a dab of the smooth dipping sauce (truffle creme fraiche).2) Crabcake corndogs.  Juicy, lump crabmeat from Maryland encased in a blue corn meal batter, and skewered into wooden sticks.  It's a fun dish.  Nicely fried, the batter was hot and fluffy.  The interior is a flavorful mixture of crabmeat, Tabasco, chives and panko.  There's a corn-spiked dip to add a little more kick.3) Kobe Philly: thinly sliced kobe beef with truffle and goat cheese fondue.  This dish was yummy and gooey.  Only two bites worth.  The meat was very tender, while the truffle oil resonated through the cheesy sauce.  You can smell it.4) Rhode Island Style Lobster Roll:  Chunks of lobster w/ celery and mayo on a small brioche roll.  Another two bite roll.  It was light on the mayonnaise, but just too much celery for my liking.  It kinda dulled out the sweetness from the lobster meat.5) French Onion Soup Dumplings:  Their signature dish, this was our favorite of the night.  It has also appeared on an episode of "The Best Thing I Ever Ate".  Served in a escargot tray, each dumpling was like a spoonful of soup.  Tooth-picked in a buttery dough, the stewed onions generally found at the bottom of the soup was captured in this fried dough.  Nice balance of sweetness from the caramelized onions and savoriness from the beef broth.  The baked Gruyere and Parmesan formed a beautiful crust on top.  Once you hoist that sucker and place it in your mouth... the explosion of flavors is wonderful.  They really nailed the French Onion soup flavor!I have to deduct a star for the long wait and the background music... it was loud, maybe too loud.  You can't really have a conversation without shouting to the other person.  Other than that the whimsical, innovative, and fun offerings truly make this place unique.  With sex appeal oozing inside, this place will always be a draw with the young crowd.  It never fails to see groups of girls dining here on Weekends.  I admit, I sneaked quick glances at several tables... checking out the "hot dishes" not produced from Stanton's Kitchen.  Sorry Honey!Wednesday, 7:30pm, we had reservations for 10 but only 5 eventually made it.  Checked in with the hostess and explained to her that the person in our party originally reserved for 10 but we only had 5 that evening.  She said it was 'Ok' and she asked us to go upstairs and she would call us when the table was ready.  I had a suspicious feeling that they were gonna make us wait for this and sure enough we did.  After waiting for 30 minutes upstairs, I head back down and the hostess said the table was ready.  Coincidence you ask?  Moving right along I say.The place itself is very nice.  High ceilings, 2 floors, well decorated.  Very cool.  Hip music playing in the background, a bit loud for conversations but still cool.Service was very good and attentive.As a rule, I try to research on Yelp before venturing to a restaurant, especially if it is going to be a pricey event.  So I already had prepared a list of this evening.  (Which we pretty much ordered everything on my list and then some)After perusing the menu we decided we would each order 2 dishes.- 4 Kobe Beef Sliders ($7 each, I thought it was $7 for 2 mini-burgers, how naive of me.  Good but will not re-order, cannot justify that it is over 6 times the price of a White Castle cheese burger)- French Onion Soup Dumplings ($11 for 6. Very good, most recommended dish)- Potato & Goat cheese pierogies ($8.  Very good, as recommended)- Red Snapper Tacos ($10. Very good, as recommended)- Braised Short Rib Soft Tacos ($19. Ok.)- Moo Shu Shrimp ($16. Good)- Grilled Apple & Brie Quesadillas ($10. Hmmm.)- Chicken n' Waffles ($18. No.)- Fried Smoked cheese sticks (Nice smoke flavored cheese)- 2 Rhode Island Style Lobster roll ($9 each, the bread was well drenched in butter, the lobster stuffing is below average.)Dessert:- Guiness Chocolate Cake with caramel  (Probably my favorite dish of the evening but then again I love any dessert with caramel)- Donut holes with 3 dipping sauces, chocolate, caramel & strawberry (I think)($9.  Definitely has nothing on freshly baked Dunkin' or Krispy Kreme donuts)$60 per person including 20% tip.Definitely liked the decor.  Definitely enjoyed the company.  Definitely not a fan but "A-OK".I think this place is best approached as a place to drink and hangout with your friends and if you get the munchies, order some tapas, in that order.Everything was good, but not enough to make me a fan.Oh. My. Gosh. My trip to NYC this year was full of 'firsts' but eating here has been one of my most memorable first time experiences. (That and shaking uncontrollably on the plane for a bit before take off - huge fear of flying but hey, I made it!) I was whisked away by the good grace of a few subway trains and arrived to find this, the most glorious restaurant that I have ever had the pleasure of dining at.Although the seating arrangement was rather cosy this only served to contribute to the ethos of the establishment - the dining here (as I'm sure most of you guys know) is designed for sharing. I *love* sharing food. If nothing else it means that one can try a touch of everything and there is oh-so-much-of-everything going on here. I have yet to find a better restaurant for this very purpose. There were several of us partaking in the food orgy and so we ordered around seven or eight dishes. Man they just kept coming! It was bloomin' awesome - the squid rolls (which have a much more delightful name than that, which I forget) were just delicious. The mini burgers (also with a better name) literally melted in my mouth and Mac and Cheese was unlike anything I've ever tried in my life. The food here simply put my entire history of cuisine experience to shame. Don't even get me started on the chocolate tasting session dessert and *ahem* red *velvet* twinky. That's the kind of twinky I want if the world is coming to an end. Or just the kind I want always and forever now. I dream in red velvet twinky.Yeah, so I've been a tad on the verbose side about this one, but it was  utterly amazing. Thank you world for making this happen. My stomach will never forgive me for having to go back to normal food.I *heart* The Stanton Social. Fin.Wonderful atmosphere and delicious food/drinks.I haven't had dinner here yet but fell in love with this elegant watering hole when meeting an out-of-town friend.It was a Tuesday and although the place was crowded (not in an unbearable way), he had no trouble getting a reservation for the ten of us.The service is great and the space is intimate without being overly stuffy or pretentious.I tried some of the kobe beef burger which was nothing short of amazing. It was juicy, thinly sliced flavorful meat on a tiny brioche bun and it came with homemade potato chips. Their drinks are good although not terribly innovative. I'd love to come back here for a meal or two. It's definitely worth every cent.I was a little disturbed by the couple having a tonsil war in the corner diagonal from us, but in combination with the number of obvious business deals being conducted at nearby tables, I found it somewhat a relief to know this place truly caters to a non-discriminatory crowd.Score.Just came back from dinner at The Stanton Social. Here are my thoughts:The Ambiance: Low-key on the outside but very nice on the inside. When we arrived at 7 pm the place was 25% full. When we left at 8:30 it was packed! A bit loud but otherwise a nice atmosphere.The Food: *Snapper Tacos: Easily the best thing we ordered. So good we ordered them twice!*Arroz con Pollo: I don't recommend this dish. The rice was undercooked.*Cauliflower: Could have been cooked a bit more and needed salt but decent.*The Veggie Slider: Really tasty. I don't understand why one tiny slider costs $6 though? *Pizzette: I think this was $12 if I remember correctly? Nothing special. Especially not for the price. I would definitely avoid this one.We were too full for dessert but the donuts looked rather tasty.The Service: Waitress was very nice, pretty, and on top of things. I do think they need to lay off the up sell though!The Bottom Line: This place is good. Not great for the price though. I don't think I'll return but I'm glad we went once!This is a really fun place. They have good cocktails and a large wine list. I found the most fun thing to be that you share all your food with whomever you are eating with, kind of like how you can with sushi.The offerings are varied, with many combinations that you won't find other places (of course, they also have more traditional ones like sliders, salads and chicken and waffles).My only complaint is that I found the music to be a little too loud. I think more Jazz and less Top-40 would suit them well.Alright have to give it a 4,-1 star because of how SCENE it is...+4 stars because the food really is good, the drinks are very interesting and well madeonly been here once but i was craving to go back, properly dressed and to eat more...crowd is hip, 20's and 30's very much a scene place but also has the ability to let you bring a date here.trust me, dress nicely or else you'll feel out of place.kinda pricey....great food choices  - however i was with a bunch of wanna be models and couldnt really touch anything....i want to try more now!After settling on this place for dinner a couple weeks ago I did some research on what to order - most of what we got looked good from yelp pictures but a few things we just really wanted to try.Recommended: pierogies, french onion soup dumplings, octopus (if for nothing other than the sauces that come with), Kobe Philly (a must)Still good but nothing crazy: Lobster roll, pizzetta, chicken n wafflesOverall we enjoyed everything we had (I'm pretty sure a veggie burger or something was also consumed but I didn't try that) - finished off with the warm doughnuts are also recommended. Would definitely go back.I thought the empanadas were larger! Except for the Kobe Beef Sliders that really made the meal I felt like I was eating hors d'oeuvres for an 1hr and a half. The crab cake corn dogs could use a little more crunch and that pasta with lamb needs to tone down the flavor. After having the superb brunch I had really high expectations for dinner. Unfortunately I think I'll only be coming back here before 4pm.The waiter comes over, what can I get you?Ummm Everything? We want everything on the Brunch menu. Chicken & Waffles, Regular waffles, Mahi tacos, French Onion soup dumplings, pretty much everything.Why?It was our wedding anniversary and my sister in law decided to take us out in style!If it were up to me, I wouldn't have picked this place. I see Chris Santos on Chopped, I heard about the small plates, etc.. It sounds ok but i don't like my Sunday morning bref-fist messed with.  Me personally? I'm more of a big Sunday morning English Breakfast at Pastis guy. Doesn't have to be all crazy for brunch, gimme a fork and I'll dig in with my arm wrapped around the plate like a prisoner guarding it in the mess hall. We walk into a beautiful restaurant. All dark woods and cozy, very elegant. We're seated in a cool looking booth and get busy with the drinks.We're talking, laughing, eating and just having a great time. This place is great, the food is great, everything is great great great. Its bugging me how they make a French Onion Soup dumpling. The liquid inside wasn't like a dishwater onion soup from a mix. I can taste a rich, wine flavor. Is that Burgundy wine??So our waiter (who didn't throw us any free items even through my brother in law was hinting like crazy) comes over and I ask him: How do you get the toothpaste in the tube?? No.. How are these suckas made? Its crazy good!The French onion soup is FROZEN and then made into dumplings.Aha! I'll never make them, I just know their secret.The Stanton Social club, is this like the He-mans Woman Hater club?*THIS is a cool place to impress, Brunch is not to be missedI will not ramble as little needs to be said.Decor and set up = FANTASTICService = EXCELLENTFood = INCREDIBLEWill you impress a date or business partner = DEFINITELYIf you like really good food, should you go = YESI swear I was having orgasms in my mouth with almost every bite. Props to Leighann F for introducing me to thee most fabulous meal I have had in New York.Maybe I ordered wrong.  It's happened before.  Or maybe I was just so ga-ga over my date that I wasn't super interested in the food.Nah.  Can't be the latter.  That never happens to me.  I get depressed; I eat.  I get ecstatic; I eat.  But, I digress.Seared foie gras, usually one of my favorite menu items, no matter the preparation, was just so-so.  The sliders that said date raved about.  Again, take 'em or leave 'em.  Fish tacos were fine, but nothing spectacular there either.I'd go back only if my friends refused to go anywhere else, and I didn't have an alternate set of plans for that evening.Supposedly, it's really "sceney" and lots of celebs go there, but I work part-time at 'Inoteca a block away, and our celeb quotient isn't too shabby.  Oh, and our food kicks ass!Don't get me wrong, the food was good. The mini-pancakes were very very tasty and the french onion dumplings were very unique. The tapas portions were just right and the waiter was very helpful. So why the two stars?! Never in my life have I witnessed such disrespectful and rude service. We got there at 11:25 for an 11:30 reservation and we walked in and sat down in the waiting area. We were told to wait outside when the restaurant opened - IN 5 MINUTES. Fine - whatever. We strolled around the block in the 40 degree weather and came back 3 minutes later. We're young - whatever, I can stand the cold HOWEVER! An older, frail woman in her 70's came a little bit before us and THEY ASKED HER TO WAIT OUTSIDE!!! When her family arrived she told them about what happened and they were so upset that the restaurant would make this woman wait in the cold for 20 minutes. I'm sorry, but I was so disgusted by this that I couldn't enjoy my food and will probably never go back. DISGUSTING.I went there on a Sunday afternoon with my close friend and we really enjoyed ourselves.  Brunch was over so we shared a few appetizers and a bottle Riesling.  Everything was great!  The Rhode Island Lobster roll was delicious.  The waiter was nice and allowed us to take our time.  We both loved it and will go back to try their brunch.  Oh and I signed the comment card and received an e-mail a week later from the chef inviting us to go again.  That was very nice and thoughtful and added to the experience.The Stanton Social has a name that is meant to be treated ironically, as the loud volume of hip techno in the dining area is sure to hinder most socialization that one would intend to do. This suits my purposes fine because I am a misanthrope and would prefer my energies be focused on consumption rather than socialization.The French Onion Soup Dumplings are very innovative and hazardously hot. Don't grab them and shove them into your mouth when they show up to the table, idiot! They are very hot! I warned you!The potato and goat cheese pierogies are another highlight of this restaurant. This is good because I'm pretty sure the Bible has some passage about creating goats and potatoes so that this dish could be created.The old school meatballs were fine.The grilled cheese slider is good.The chicken & waffles is a really clever dish. I liked it a lot but I could see how the balsamic maple syrup would turn someone off. It has a very dark, musky flavor that one doesn't usually associate with waffles.Now here is where I talk about the milkshake shot.Remember The Notebook? How that guy spent every day trying to get his wife to remember their life together by reading out of a notebook only to get a few seconds of happiness out of her before she faded again? Well, when I drink the milkshake shot, I'm happier than that guy.Oh yeah, spoiler alert.The other desserts, from the donuts to the chocolate tasting, are solid as hell.On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction-scale, this place is The Notebook except Ryan Gosling is played by The Predator and Rachel McAdams is wearing a suit with regenerating quantities of dynamite.5 girls in New York?  Check.  Birthday dinner celebration?  Check.Cucumber vanilla cosmos?  Bring it on.Whoever decided to create French Onion Soup Dumplings had to be stoned at the time, but darn it they were good.  And tapas-sized chicken & waffles can never be a bad idea, right?  Everything we had was just fun to eat.  When you end the night with bourbon & ice cream shots, and a whole tray called "Chocolate Tasting" I think they call that a success.Nice choice, Colleen C.This is my favorite brunch place in the city. There are so many dishes that I die for here that keep me coming back (despite the weird cheese smell inside the restaurant). The scrambled egg bruschetta is So. Good. As are the red snapper tacos. And the potato pancakes. And mini pancakes. And the ricotta fritters. I'm a super picky eater and there's literally something for everyone here. I also love ordering a bunch of things and sharing with everyone. Definitely one of my go to places in NYC.I would never go back. Today was my 29th birthday and I wanted to get a group of good friend to go out to dinner. So I made a reservation for 10 people. I had to put my credit card down in case less than 10 showed up and I would get charged $15 a head. I should have known. Our table was ready and we were set right away. Then when we were told it was a sharing menu. Well not everyone was that great of friends with eachother, so not everyone wanted to share. I explained this to our waitress who seemed very nice and told her the situation. She seemed kind of ticked that we wouldn't be ordering tons of food to share, but I just left it as is. All of a sudden after we have ordered lots of food to actually share, and lots of drinks the manager/party planner comes over to me and asks me if I want to move tables and go to the lounge area, hint, you are not ordering as much food as we want, so I want you to get up and move. She left it as we want to accommodate you better, but it was just plain rude. I told her we were fine and we stayed put. She left us alone but she stared at us the entire meal like I can't wait for you to get up so we can get another table here. We actually ordered quite a bit of food, drinks, deserts and while the food was really good, and the server was actually quite nice, they treated us like shit. When I left I said something to the manager about how rude she was and I didn't appreciate the terrible service on my birthday and I was highly disappointed. She didn't really have a good explanation for it at all. Needless to say, this place has the shittiest service I have ever come across so far in Manhattan, and I won't go back. It's definitely the spend your money here and leave as soon as possible so we can get another table as fast as possible kind of place, and if you don't spend a lot, we won't treat you nice. Seriously! I will tell everyone what a bad expereince I had on my 29th birthday at the Shitty Social.Great flavor and wide variety!!!  Small portions thoughI've been to Stanton Social for brunch twice now, and have not been disappointed. The tapas style approach is one of my favorite ways to eat and really allows you to work your way around the menu. On my most recent trip we tried the caramelized banana pancakes, eggs Benedict with lobster, Grilled cheese, Kobe Philly and the French Onion Soup Dumplings. The pancakes were fabulous, but the lobster was a little tough.  The Kobe Philly and the Grilled Cheese with jalapenos were both really fantastic, although I do kinda regret not getting the Kobe Beef slider this time, as it is also really really good.The french onion soup dumplings....one of her favorites, don't really do it for me, but you know.We also had two bloody Marys each, which are really good, and they have a full cocktails menu available for brunch if you so choose.The food and the service were both top notch, but when the bill came, I had to think, I've had equivalent brunches elsewhere....and for less than $100, but let's not kid ourselves. I will be back, possibly for dinner this time.This place is pretty trendy and chic, with a very interesting and appealing cocktail menu and small plates to share. I came here for dinner last Saturday with my boyfriend, and apparently this place gets packed, even at 6pm for dinner! The seating is pretty crammed, and the tables were so close that they had to be moved every single time one of us needed to get out of our seats. Main highlights on the menu:-mac and cheese - my boyfriend says it is the best he has had.-French onion soup dumplings - pretty inventive, and I love the cheese. It's a bit on the stinky side, but the good kind of stinky.-spinach and goat cheese pierogies - creamy and delicious with a truffles creme fraiche-Philly cheese kobe slider - good flavors but a bit on the small side.-Chai creme brûlée - came with unfortune cookies - unique flavor for creme brûlée, but I think the creme could have been silkier. Another thing to note is that although the service was very attentive, you could tell they wanted you in and out of there as soon as possible to let the next parties in. As I was taking the last bite of the philly slider, the waiter was already asking if we would like to see the dessert menu. My mouth was full, but I said okay anyway. That was not very nice. Good place to go, but will not likely be a place to visit again.This was probably the best brunching I've ever done. Self indulgent does not begin to describe it, and I have no regrets.The Stanton Social is casual, but elegant and beautiful inside. They also take reservations, which is fantastic.Whoever came up the the idea to have tapas style brunch is an absolute genius. There is no crippling sweet or savory decision to be made. In fact, you don't have to make any painful decisions except how fat and poor are you okay being when you leave. (Hint: the answer is very to both.) I HIGHLY recommend the warm donuts with caramel and the philly slider. The slider was seriously one of the best things I've eaten all year. Seriously.  Also, the pomegranate peach bellini is your friend.Trendy and noisy place with AMAZING food! The tables are really close together though.Here's what I've tried:French Onion soup dumplings - I was really excited to try these, since I love French Onion soup and soup dumplings, but I didn't like them as much as I thought I would. I guess they were just too.. doughy?  (yelp.com/biz_photos/GXW2…)Pierogi's - Definitely my favorite dish. Soft and cheesy to perfection. + Truffle crème fraiche? I'm so there!!! (yelp.com/biz_photos/GXW2…)Grilled Apple & Brie Quesadilla withmustard-maple syrup, smoked 'bacon bits' - This dish was good enough, but I wasn't wowed by it. (yelp.com/biz_photos/GXW2…)Herb Dusted Fries - Very well-seasoned and crispy on the outside. (yelp.com/biz_photos/GXW2…)Doughnuts -  They're nothing new but they were extremely soft and fluffy. I didn't care much for the chocolate sauce but I did enjoy the raspberry and caramel sauces. (yelp.com/biz_photos/GXW2…)Wild Mushroom Ravioli with hazelnut - Huge pieces of ravioli that were warm and tender. I've never had sweet ravioli but these were delicious!Warm Piquillo Pepper Bruschetta - Great texture--the bread was nice and crunchy. Flavor-wise, the pepper and goat cheese made a good combination.- I definitely want to come back to try more stuff!We had a very late dinner here on a Sunday evening. I always dread going to restaurants when it's within an hour or so of their closing time. Luckily, we weren't hassled, we didn't get any disgusted looks & I'm pretty sure nobody spit in our food. This restaurant is very spacious, with high ceilings and is dimly lit. The music was loungey but the good pleasant kind that created just the right atmosphere. We were a party of 5. We ordered a bunch of tapas and drinks and our total was only $60 a person! Seriously that wasn't bad at all considering how much we drank and ate. We had multiple orders of crab cake corn dogs, french onion soup dumplings, macaroni and cheese, short rib tacos, something tuna tartare, and something lobster. Everything was scrumptious! My favorites were the crab cake corn dogs and the french onion soup dumplings! Luckily our waiter was attentive and courteous which is rare in NYC & we weren't rushed even though we were probably the last table they seated that night.I was drawn to this place when walking around with my wife; something about the facade sparked my interest.  I had a feeling that it wouldn't be my kind of place at night, but maybe while the sun was up...We did a little research and decided to get a reservation for brunch on Sunday.  We were there pretty early, maybe 11, and the restaurant wasn't nearly as crowded as I had expected.  The downstairs area looked to be buzzing a bit, but upstairs where we were seated only had a couple tables.  There was also probably 10-15 bar seats open as well - so go early if crowds aren't your thing.The service was good, but don't let them push you over the top in regards to small plates per person; we split 5 items and left stuffed.  When you hear about this places its probably due to the french onion soup dumplings and yes, they are as good as everyone says.  Do not go to this place without trying them.  They are exactly what you would imagine - dumplings smothered in gooey cheese that burst with french onion soup as it punctured in your mouth.  Heaven.The spicy lobster benedict was great as well and came with a very large serving of lobster.  I expected the dish to have about a quarter the amount of lobster and for $13 it was very reasonable.  The "grilled cheese," with jalapeno bacon, fried green tomato, & lemon aioli was another standout dish.  Again, don't let them tell you this is a small portion.  The grilled apple & brie quesadilla was pretty good as were the huevos rancheros soft tacos, just paled in comparison to the other dishes we had.  A new favorite in the LES that I will return to the next time I'm in town.I cant decide if the food here the night I was there was spectacular or it was just that good because I was starving and drunk and eating at 11:30pm after a long day of work!! HOWEVER, the food was great... My friends and I ordered an insane amount of food and we gorged ourselves silly over basically every dish that the server recommended we try.We ordered the classics and came up with some randoms like chicken and waffles, that we thought sounded good.  Indeed everything turned out to be great and there were no regrets, except for our stomachs the next day because we ate our lives away the night before...  We were all happy campers with our food, our wine, our and everything- we even ordered chocolate against our better judgment to really top everything off.  Not horrible priced, and things went down pretty smoothly.  We were even the last people to leave the actual upstairs section of the restaurant because we couldn't peel ourselves off of our chairs after over indulging in some delish small plates...The decor screams "New York." It's chic, trendy, lounge-y, loud, and expensive. But you didn't just come for the decor right- you came for the food also. Like all things NY, food comes in small portions with big price tags.  Make no mistake about it, these are Tapas.  But, what it lacks in quantity makes up for quality.  While this place can handle bigger groups, I say the smaller the party, the better your tasting experience.  I'd say 2-4 people is the ideal number.  Any more and 1 plate will not be enough; you will be eating the scraps off the bones. I'm not kidding, you will.Everyone keeps talking about the French onion soup dumpling, covered with Gruyere. A modern twist to the traditional asian-style soup dumplings. I dig it and it's worth trying.  The shrimp and grits? My favorite dish in terms of taste. Functionally though, it's a messy dish. Foregoing that, the shrimp was juicy and the grits had a nice spicy kick to it. I devoured this quickly.Thai Spiced Baby Back Ribs : Sweet and Savory. The meat falls off the bone nicely and for a tapas dish, it's surprisingly a large dish.Skillet Roast Octopus with chorizo, garlic, and sherry vinegar:  One of my other favorites.  The octopus was grilled nicely and was seasoned really well. No fishy aftertaste which is always a plus.Come here for the loud and trendy atmosphere. Having good food here is a plus too.  Just make sure to have your wallet loaded a bit; prices will add up. And remember, be sociable- it's a New York thing to do, no?Here are my picks:The stand-outs:-Pirogues (to my surprise, because I wouldn't have ordered these)-french onion soup dumplings-miso-glazed sea bass satay-chicken mole rollsThe disappointments - not very good-chicken and cashew spring rolls-tuna tartar rollsVery Good/Good:-chicken apple sausage and goat cheese pizzolette-burger sliders -duck empenadasThe place is beautiful, but unbelievably loud.  We were seated at a round table in the middle of the restaurant, and those of us in the seats next to the aisles on either side of the table kept getting whammed into by waiters.  Food was delicious and much more filling than we expected.ABSOLUTELY wonderful through and through.  So many amazing small plates from the Kobe sliders to the mini donuts and if you want to really have a good time - go upstairs and make your stake in one of the nice lounge areas and make friends with the neighbors. When you're done - you'll wonder why the hell you don't come here more often much less live here..Goods: Yeah. Delicious foods. Lounge area is nice. Different music in the bathroom than outside. Decent drinks for the price. Dark.Bads: Scenester. Really bitchy hostess. Being asked to move over to make room for V.I.P.s who just looked like cheesy Jersey chicks. Where do these people come from and why are they on the Lower East Side? Go back to Jersey.I will return for more yummy stuff, though. Screw the scenester whores.A solid 4 stars. First of all, I like the small plates idea. As someone who takes the entree decision very seriously, I like the option of not needing to commit to just one. I guess I am what you call a "dinner player". The service was attentive, but a bit rushed. The whole meal was done in about 45 minutes. To be fair, we did not order dessert, but it still seemed fast to me. The waiter recommended a nice Beaujolais. It started off very dry, but opened up nicely over the course of the meal. I would recommend it. For plates we got:Red Snapper Tacos: These could have been SO much better. They weren't bad, but they needed a big boost of flavor. They came with a chipotle mayonnaise that was just a big ball of heat, no real flavor. French Onion Soup Dumplings: These were great. Different. Great Flavor, made me want an actual bowl of the soup. Kobe Beef Sliders: Very good, a little too much ketchup for my taste, but cooked perfectly. I would say these are the standout item from the ones we chose. Pickle Guy Pickles: Good, as usualChicken N' waffles: The chicken part was a little weak, but the waffles were good, as was the funky soy- molasses tasting "syrup". All in all, I think it was a good experience. For two of us, including the bottle of wine, we were just over  $100, which I think is a good value. We left full, but not stuffed, which is even better. Then we took ourselves over to Cake Shop and got cupcakes. Their cupcakes are SOOOO good. Oh and I meant to say that we were there on Tuesday, and had trouble getting a reservation. This place is VERY popular, so plan accordingly.wow. i'm a bit taken aback by the reviews here. This is provably the most overhyped, overpriced place i've experienced in Manhattan. Let me qualify that a bit further by saying you should not go here hungry looking to eat dinner. The service is fine. the dishes are okay. The prices are beyond exorbitant. The words "small portion sizes" do not begin to properly describe the servings. The portions are tiny. i went there in a group of 6, around 10p on a Friday night. We sat upstairs because they had a table available right away in a cozy nook towards the front. We shared our area with a 2 other girls who were already there. I, for one, don't mind being seated near people I don't know; i'm a social creature like that. The crowd was made up primarily of people in their early to mid 20's. The decor itself was nothing special.The food was okay. Given the size of our group, we sampled a pretty extensive portion of the menu. Be warned, the portions are insanely small. The French Onion Dumplings were a hit; they also provably the most healthy portions of any item on the menu. However, each dumpling was no more than an inch in diameter, about the size of your thumb from the knuckle to the tip. The Kobe Beef Burger sliders were okay, nothing insanely special. The sashimi was low grade. The red snapper tacos were very nice. My favorite dish was a bruschetta with goat cheese and piquillo pepper. I had 2 servings because I knew I would not be returning.  I was still hungry after everything. Most of us only had 1 drink with dinner, as we were going out after. Our grand total was a little over $300. My biggest complaint about this place is the portion size. It's simply not worth it. For example (i've used this one before), I can go to Buddakan and get healthier portions on more creative dishes in a far more stylish environment for less. If your aim is to party in the Lower East Side, just catch a cab after your meal. It's not that far. Needless to say, I wont be returning.Absolutely loved this place for the creative menu, lively atmosphere, good service and of course, the food.  I loved the upscale spin on classic items like crab cake corn dogs and the famous french onion soup dumplings.  We also got thai spare ribs (falling off the bone decadence), red snapper tacos (delicious), chicken and waffles (came with a great sauce) and the apple, brie & bacon quesadilla (my absolute favorite- I wish I could eat this every single day).  The dessert menu was just as tempting so we had to get more to share.  We got the mini donuts, covered in cinnamon and sugar and accompanied by three dipping sauces.  We also got the guiness toffee chocolate cake which was so rich with flavor.There was so much on the menu that looked good. I think I would've been happy with anything we ordered so I definitely want to come back to try everything!We ordered the crab corn dogs, french onion dumplings, crispy duck spring rolls, and mac n cheese. Pretty much everything we had we pretty disgusting. Either completely boring, not served hot or swimming in oil and weird smells. Some things, especially the french onion dumplings reminded me of reheated food.We also ordered a couple drinks and the 90 proof milkshake shots. The drinks were made poorly as well. The milkshake shots were good enough.This is where I celebrated my birthday this year - they were GREAT at helping me secure a reservation and creating a special menu just for my party!My favorite parts of the dinner were:- The French Onion Soup Dumplings (SO GOOD)- The 'Chicken n' Waffles'  (brick pressed chicken, aged cheddar waffle, corn pudding & balsamic spiked maple syrup)- The Butternut Squash & Sweet Potato Ravioli with vanilla brown butter & candied pecans - The Warm Doughnuts with their caramel, chocolate and raspberry dipping saucesOver all there were 3 courses, 2 sides and delicious sweets...PLENTY of food for everyone (we took the leftovers with us).  The decor is very hip [and dare I say seductive?] Great place to go with a few friends to share some food or a date (feed each other maybe? lol) The wait staff was TOTALLY accommodating and super friendly too.I highly recommend that you check this place out if you haven't already...I love brunch so much.  Especially here.  Went this past weekend as part of a great Spring day in the city!I would avoid taking the waitress' suggestion and ordering everything on the menu unless you don't plan on eating again for a week.  We got the warm doughnuts with caramel (!), the breakfast bruschetta (a fav around the table), chocolate pancakes AND banana pancakes, sausage biscuits and gravy (my fav-I'm a Southerner), Kobe beef sliders, and on and on and on.  So...much...food.  But so good.  And washed down with a tasty bellini!Making this list has made me hungry.  The Stanton Social again this weekend?The waitress recommended 4-6 dishes for two of us. The food was so amazing I wanted to keep ordering! We had a late dinner at 11:00 p.m. and by that time there was loud dance/party music playing throughout the place. It was a great experience being able to drink, eat and party! Probably not great for a first date as we could hardly hear each other talk. Little pricey but worth it.Although most of the reviews on here are about Stanton Social's lunch and dinner, it also serves a fantastic brunch. The set up is the same as lunch/dinner, where you select a number of "small" shared plates.  For 2 people, I recommend selecting 3 plates (unless you're really hungry), even though I find the servers often recommend 4-5.  You can always order more if 3 isn't enough.Food:Caramelized Banana Pancakes - fantastic dish.  I had never tasted pancakes before that actually exude flavor just by themselves.  The caramelized bananas and maple syrup make everything perfect.Cream Cheese & Lox bagel plate -- if you like assembling your own bagels you will love this one.  Probably one of the larger plates as well.  It comes with mini bagels, cream cheese, sliced lemons, lettuce with light oil dressing, tomato, and lox.  I thought the lox was nicely smoked and great quality.Spicy Lobster Benedict -- this was the only dish I wasn't crazy about.  The lobster was good but there was no spice at all, and the hollandaise was really bland.  However, the salad that came with this dish was fantastic.  French onion soup dumplings- ok, this isn't really a brunch dish, but it is one of Stanton's signature dishes.  Very creative and good.  TThe breakfast cocktails are all very good (particularly the 1940's Champagne Julep), and the service was pretty good overall as well.  If you haven't tried brunch here, you should.Not everyone likes to share. Keep this in mind when you plan your visit to Stanton Social and make sure that you go there with people who have similar tastes to you, because everything on the menu here is meant to be passed around the table a few times. And if you have more than six people in your party, plan to order a couple orders of each item if you want everyone at the table to get a bite. My favorite items on the menu: potato pierogis were fabulous. A little crispy on the outside with creamy mashed potato inside and a smear of creme fraiche and caramelized onion on top. The french onion soup dumplings were OUT OF CONTROL. Exactly like a spoonful of melt-in-your-mouth onion soup buttoned up inside a wonton wrap. Explodes with flavor upon contact with your tongue. The red snapper tacos were adorable - pint-size, with a crispy shell and spicy, almost ceviche-like snapper stuffed inside. For larger dishes, the pork tenderloin with ancho glaze was tender and lots to pass around the table and the fig and blue cheese pizza was superb. We were too full dessert, but next time I will definitely save room for those donuts!Cute, trendy place. Let me break it down for you.Food: in-freakin-credible. So good. My friend and I ordered a bunch off the menu: potato and goat cheese pierogies, french onion soup dumplings, green beans, pizza flatbread, butternut squash ravioli, spinach and cheese puff pastries, etc. They were all so damn good! Great tapas to choose from.Drinks: I had a cucumber martini and it was really good. My friend ordered the margarita but it had this spiciness to it that I didn't care for. But if you like spicy then I'm sure you'd enjoy it.Ambiance: I like how it's dimly lit, the decor of the place was great. What I didn't like is how close we were sitting to the other tables. We were practically having dinner with the people next to us. Surely they can afford to put a little bit more room between the tables. It was very off-putting.Service: We made reservations, and they wanted to seat us at a crappy table in the corner. We refused, and had to wait an extra half hour for our table. I know it was our fault for not wanting to accept the table they had for us, but I've worked as a hostess before and if someone makes reservations you better give them a good table!Overall, it was a good experience.85 damn reviews!!!  What a gem on the LES.  God how I wish LA had more good eats like this.  14 people, 7 course pre fixe, 45 a person.  Great ambiance, decently priced wine list, and kick ass deal= Tony approved.  Why not 5 stars?  The service could of been more attentive.  I would always get the prefixed if I came here...just fantastic.  Even my poop glowed.What a pleasant dining experience.  Jim and I did a double date with my cousin and her hubby and I have to say, it's a nice date place.  If there is one thing that you absolutely must order from this place and you love or even like is The Chocolate Tasting:  molten s'mores cake, panna cotta,  mousse, peppermint patties, chocolate dulce de leche ice cream  $16Wow! Save room for this wonderful treat. We certainly did not think it was going to be this large of a dessert but it was full of so many wonderful delights, it's worth gorging yourself.We got a variety of dishes to share, step away from the zucchini tempura though.  It was flavorless and soggy once you bit through the zucchini.  I wouldn't bother with that one.  Everything else we got was fantastic though, My favorite were the Red Snapper Tacos.  Just delicious. I could have just eaten the whole plate by myself and would have been satisfied with just that.  To sum it up, I thought it was a great place to go for group dining and sampling different types of dishes.  In addition to those items we also go the Spicy Thai Short Ribs, Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies, and the Spicy Lamb Souvlakis , The Stanton Social Beef Wellington  AND  New York Strip. Phew! We ate a lot!. There's something for everyone's palate.Ahuh...I knew I'd like this place! The atmopshere was sexy and the food was delish. There were a variety of tapas and dishes meant to be shared, which were great!The four of us shared: Five spiced short ribs - Fall off the bone tender and juicy! Red Snapper tacos - had a real kick in the sauce! Chicken and waffles - upscaling the Rocco's style from LA! French onion soup dumplings - amazing concept where the soup was inside the dumpling! Brie and apple quesadillas - ahuh! And some spring roll - duck I think. :0Everything was good and there was no tummy room for more.The last thing the Stanton Social needs is another review, but my past two dining experiences at this restaurant have inspired me to sing its praises. Let me begin by saying this: generally speaking, restaurants that earn more than two money signs ($$) are usually not my friends. Truth be told, they're above my station...but after seeing a Food Network special that made the famed french onion soup dumplings seem like G-d's gift to the culinary world, I made a reservation and waddled to the Lower East Side. The dishes I had and their relative deliciousness (spread over two visits...I'm not quite obese enough to eat these in one sitting. Not quite.  Additionally, I was with people.  So I'm not quite so disgusting.): French Onion Soup Dumplings - So delish. The Gruyere cheese and the red wine based beef broth made this a revelatory experience. One of the few hyped dishes that I've eaten that earned their reputation. Potato and Goat Cheese Pierogies with Black Truffle Creme Fraiche - Oh...my...gah. Crispy potato dumplings with tangy goat cheese served with the absolute best creme fraiche. The star of the meal. Chicken and Waffles - Boo yah. Perfection on a plate. The corn and balsamic vinegar sauce really took this dish to another level. Kobe Beef Slider - Very good. Not great. Good beef, but slightly underwhelming considering the cost ($7 for a slider...). Brie and Apple Quesadilla - Absolutely scrumptious. Crispy and tangy - bar food perfected. Spinach and Goat Cheese Ravioli - Thin, tender ravioli casing containing a truly perfect filling. So good. Old Fashioned Meatballs - Tasty, but slightly rare for my liking. Strawberry Shortcake - Delicious as expected. Red Velvet Twinkie - Slightly dry and overly sweet. The one misstep in the meal. Sugared Donuts - Reminiscent of Chinese take-out donuts. In other words: the bomb. Stanton Social - I love your food. However, I strongly dislike the amount of money I'm spending as a result of loving your food. Is there any way that you could help a cheapskate like me out? Maybe double coupon night....?Came here on my birthday.   Ok people.  This place is pretty "Hot".  Only exception is the "I'm trying to be like the Housewives of Orange County cast and re-live my lost youth at a new trendy joint".  I had a table next to these old bags that had nothing better than to talk about their hair.  You'll encounter slight rudeness, but as long as you are relatively attractive and have a reservation, you'll have a good time.7 bucks is a lot for a damn slider.   I'll have to say that I would glady give them 7 more bucks for another.  Food is pretty good.  Great attentive service (notice that all the waiters are over 6ft tall).Can anyone spare me 7 bucks?This is now my new favorite tapas style restaurant.  Period.Really trendy looking place - relatively small, cute semi circle booths to the sides, bar/lounge on the second floor and overall really pleasant atmosphere.  Here is what we ordered:Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies:  I LOVED THIS DISH!!!!!!!!!!!!  It's more like an empanadas than a pirogie as it was fried with caramelized onions and cream on the side.  But damn, it was so freakin' good.  Next time I come, I'm gonna order 3 of these...French Onion Soup Dumplings:  All the Yelpers got these so I had to... Definitely one of the best dishes.  Cheesy, oniony goodness.Hand Pulled Chicken Arepas:  Not one of the favorite things I had there, still great tho!  Wild Mushroom Risotto Cakes:  I love mushrooms but unfortunately, I couldn't taste a lot of it...  It tasted more like a fried cake.Skillet Roasted Octopus:  The octopus was SUPER tender - you almost cant believe its octopus as its so tender.  A bit fishy, but it was still a great tangy little dish and the bits of chorizo added nicely to the overall flavor.Kobe Beef Burger and Kobe Philly sliders:  WOW... The meat was so freakin tender.  The burger was so small and cute... I wanted to hold it, pet it and kiss it more than I wanted to eat it cause it was so cute...Thai Spiced Baby Back Ribs:  Nice spices, meat falls off the bone, blah blah blah, GET IT!Creekstone Farms Braised Short Rib Soft Tacos:  I don't know if it's taco snob in me coming out or not, but it wasn't my favorite... The meat was definitely tender.  But instead of the little cherry tomatoes I would have much preferred some diced onions and some cilantro.  They definitely had interesting cocktails as well.  I had the Black Magic.  I don't know if I thought it was good cause I love Guinness but I liked it... We also tried the Watermelon-Ginger Margarita.  Not bad... more watermelon than anything... couldn't really taste the ginger...  Bea's Gin-Lemon Mojito was also pretty decent.Overall, I loved this place.  It is definitely one of my favorite places now.  I love this place even more since it has an added bonus of it being like 1 block away from Katz's...  :PI love the Stanton Social! It's one of those places that always comes to mind almost immediately when I am thinking of good places for group dinners and I have come here again and again for tapas. This review is for dinner only.The ambiance is great. It's dimly lit and well-decorated, and has a great energy about it. There's a bar upstairs that your group can grab drinks at before you sit down for dinner. There's a great selection, and the Strawberry Fields is really REALLY good!The tapas come with a set number of items, but the kitchen usually tries to work with your group so that the numbers work out with the size of your group. I love tapas because you get to try some of everything.I've set up dinners here for large groups of 10+ people and it's always been great to work with the staff. When you have a large group, you can do a pre-fixe for $48/person (not including beverages, tax, and gratuity). Your group gets to try 11 different items - 7 tapas, 2 sides, and 2 desserts -  that you select from a set menu that includes many of their most popular items. If you also wanted to include a seated premium open bar for 2.5, the price goes up to $96/person (not including tax and gratuity). Here's an example of a pre-fixe menu I've chosen before in the past, which I think is a great deal considering how much food you get to try!Example pre-fixe dinner menu ($48/person)- French Onion Soup Dumplings (DELICIOUS. MY FAVORITE. 5 Stars)- Potato and Goat Cheese Pierogies (I don't really like goat cheese but other people like these. 2 stars)- Red Snapper Tacos (Pretty good, but not out of this world amazing. 3 stars)- Grilled Apple & Brie Quesadillas (I love brie, so this gets 4 stars)- Braised Short Rib Soft Tacos (3 stars)- Chicken n' Waffles (2 stars. Was slightly soggy)- Kobe Beef Burgers (4 stars. Yum)- Herb Dusted Frites (4 stars. Whatever they put on it was addictive)- Miso Glazed Mushrooms (4 stars)- Warm Doughnuts (5++++ stars. These were like crack! Comes with 3 dipping sauces)- Jaime's Cookies (5 stars. Delicious!)Other things on the menu I've tried:- Mac & Cheese (3 stars, decent but I think their take on it changes since I've never tried the chorizo one they currently offer)- Crab cake corn dogs (5 STARS!! One of my favorites and a great twist on corn cogs)- Chocolate tasting (3 stars. Great variety but got too sweet for me)- Strawberry Shortcake Sundae (4 stars, YUM. Good, not too sweet)- Ice cream sandwich (3 stars, very typical but yummy. Love mint chip)Coming here is always a very filling and delicious experience! I can't wait to come back here again!One of my favorite restaurants in New York! I always recommend friends to come here.We came with a group of 6 for my graduation dinner and the ambiance, food, and service was fantastic. I have also been back for birthday dinners and it never fails to disappoint. I love the tapas style of food and chef Chris Santos makes unusual flavor combinations that work really well together. My favorite dishes are French Onion Soup Dumplings (of course), the pierogies, and the warm bruschetta. The Strawberries Field is a refreshing cocktail too. I wish they had a sampler plate with one of each dish so I could try them all!I went with 6 people. We waited in the bridge-and-tunnel bar for our table for about 30 mins. It's bad when out of town people, from Atlanta, are all like, 'This is as cool as NY gets?".The food was good. But it was 11:30, and I was drunk, and at that point anything would have been good.The kobe beef burgers were great. But come on. Kobe beef. Burger. How hard is that to fuck up?Everything else was high on concept and short on execution.A pretty place, though.I REALLY liked it here! Great atmosphere and great drinks & food!!I read that LC was here so me and my girls decided to give it a try....Lame, I know, but I wanted to check out Lower East Side, too when I was in New York this time.We went late on a Saturday night around midnight just to eat apps and drink. We didnt make resevations and didnt feel like waiting 3 hrs for dinner so we just went late. We ate upstairs and was able to get a litte table. Red Snapper Tacos - Really good, small, but tasty. lots of flava flave...French Onion Dumplings - Ehh, okay. Very rich and onion flavor.Goat Cheese  Potato Empanada things - Good! I like goat cheese, though!Chipotle Grilled Shrimp - Not that great, skip these.Pizetta - My favorite! Was really salty! So good! Order 2!I had the cucumber vanilla cosmo (actually like 3) and they sound funky, but they were actually really good!I had to giggle at Bing's review because I found myself a part of one of those large, loud groups of women chowing down. I, however, am from hardy Midwest stock so I know how to pack it in, male companions present or not...Anyway. I coordinated a bachelorette party dinner here and I was fully impressed with the coordination and the offerings. They offer a prix fixe menu that has all of the big hitters and crowd favorites, so it was pretty easy to pick the items I wanted to serve. Don't be fooled - although this is a tapas/small plates restaurant, the portions are sizable and if you get enough items like we did, you *will* be positively stuffed for a very, very reasonable price.Favorites:-butternut squash and sweet potato ravioli; the brown butter is aaaammmaazing-red snapper tacos-kobe burgers; yeah, I don't even eat red meat but once again I relaxed the rule for the night - it was my first time eating kobe, can you believe it?-frites; crispy-crispy, bad for ya but so good...-donuts. YUM.-cocktails were all good. We all got different drinks and were pleased.Misses:-the french onion dumplings, sadly, were a disappointment. I was told to be cautious and expect a squirt of hot onion broth with the first bite, but the dish had cooled by the time we got it, so the food was lukewarm. And the cheese was congealed. The flavor was good, but the presentation was a bummer-spinach salad; I wish that I'd requested a substitution for this on the prix fixe menu, because it was just a downer after the other glorious food.I really recommend this place for large parties, because they have service down cold and I observed no lapses. Big, big thumbs up.El novio and I are huge fans of The Stanton Social, especially after our dinner last Monday.  El novio choose the place, based on the Food Network and Yelp reviews. Located right off of Ludlow, the place has a great dimmed ambiance to it.  We had an early dinner around 6pm, so we were able to beat the crowd.  The dress code is "elegant casual".    But other than the convoluted oxymoron of a dress code, everything else about the whole experience was pretty good, for lack of a better word.  So yes, this dinner proved to be quite memorable.The Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies were one of my favorites (if not my fav dish of the night), not to mention the TRUFFLE crème fraiche.  El novio and I opted for two plates of the French Onion Soup Dumplings, they did not disappoint...as expected.  The Barbeque Duck Confit & Black Bean Empanadas were scrumptious.  They then brought out the Pan Roasted Day Boat Scallops and Red Snapper Tacos, which were both divine.  I personally enjoyed the coconut curry sauce of the scallops and spicy mango of the Tacos.  Sadly, we were a little underwhelmed with the Chicken n' Waffles; however, desert definitely made up for it.  El novio and I ordered their red velvet twinkie and the Chocolate tour---both very good.In summary, we both enjoyed.    *note: The Social Tea, is quite tasty.This place was so fun! LOVE the decor, great place to start your night out. Get the french onion soup dumplings and the red snapper tacos. Just do it. Spinach and corn salad was super fresh, too. They make a meannn lemon drop. I also got a specialty cocktail that had cucumber in it...it wasn't my favorite, but I'm not a huge fan of that kind of drink. So not their fault I was feeling adventurous =)Eh, not so impressed.We were a large party of 18 who made a reservation a long time in advance.  We were seated on the mezzanine level in a space that should have been for 12.  We were on top of each other.  Good thing we're all friends!  And holy loudness!  It was so loud you couldn't talk to anyone except the individuals to your left, right and directly in front of you and you still had to yell to them.  The slew of tapas we had were good, but not amazing.  What I remember are the chicken and cashew spring rolls, red snapper tacos, kobe sliders, chicken and waffles, and the grilled pizzeta.  The fresh made donuts with dipping sauces for dessert were awesome!I probably would not go back here to eat for one reason, and that's how loud it is.  To grab a drink would be fine, but if you want to actually talk to someone, go somewhere else.I'm not surprised that this place has four stars on yelp, because it SHOULD be four stars, however I feel morally obligated to review last night's dining experience to save any potential large parties from dining at this establishment in the future.  The Stanton Social served our party of 7, with a large side of greediness and major attitude. Two things we did not order, or anticipate having to deal with when we booked the reservation 31 calendar days in advance. When we arrived we were welcomed by a slightly overwhelmed Matire'D who told us we couldn't be seated until our entire party had arrived, which is totally understandable, so we decided to go upstairs to the bar and have a drink and wait. When the hostess came to tell us our table was ready, she told us a minimum of three times in a very short time frame, tapping on different members of the party trying to rush  them to our table. When we finally did get our drinks at the bar, we were rushed off to our "table" In the  lofted area of restaurant. The only reason I even gave this second star is because, I want to take this time to say that the restaurant is beautiful. The set up is great, and if you have a smaller party, then I am sure you can not relate to this review. The drinks were great, the food was delicious (some meals better than others, but that is to be expected)  but this next part is what ruined the entire dining experience, and if you are contemplating bringing a large party here, please read this part carefully. There is somewhat of a lofted platform seating where there is one long bench and two half tables so that it can accommodate two large parties, or attempt too. One table is underneath a staircase. Then there is another table off to the side for larger parties as well. On the back wall is a display of wine bottles that is in an illuminated casing. When our party was seated we were wedged into the table that was underneath the staircase up against the illuminated display. To add to the discomfort of squeezing seven people at a small table, the air conditioning wasn't working on our level. So our two guests in our party that were up against the casing were literally hotter than the food being served. When we asked if we could move to another table our waitress, who was possibly the rudest woman I have ever encountered in an industry that is based on service , told us no because the other party that was going to sit there was a larger party. When we mentioned the heat she replied "it's hot everywhere, I'm hot, I know". I am not complaining at all about the fact that we couldn't be moved. I understand that there was a larger party. However, they were not larger than our party,  until we were about 80% finished with our meal, which is interesting because when we arrived it was "policy" that they needed everyone present, prior to seating. I could go on and on about how horrible the service was, that they basically left us to cook in a lofted hot box, while our server clearly displayed her lack of knowledge towards the industry, and how to have simple manners. Or I could address the fact that when we finally did speak with a manager she fed us a list of excuses. Such as the ac is broken, (which would have been an acceptable response, had the waitress stated that when we initially asked), Or that the Matire'D made mistakes with the other party, why was our party punished for that? This place literally has no loyalty towards customers who make reservations so far in advance with large parties. My main issue is as follows, and I am sorry it has taken so long to get here,. The Stanton Social is so greedy, they literally do not care about the customers, the dining experience, or the word of mouth that will follow. You can not comfortably pack three large parties into a space that would accommodate, maybe one large party, and a 5/6 top AT MOST. It was so obvious to the three parties that we were there to pay the bill, not to enjoy the food, atmosphere, or company.  My party, was celebrating a birthday we planned to go out after and have a night to remember, NOT sweat off our make up, have our curls unravel, stick to the chair, and listen to our waitress' disgusting attitude.The manager's way to rectify the situation, was to give us her card for next time? Which completely solidifies the fact that this restaurant does not value customer service, or proper staff training, but only values the settling of the check. You can live in NYC the rest of your life and dine at a new place every night. Why would you go back to a place that ruined a celebratory dinner and didn't care enough to rectify the situation, when they had the chance? I could have had this experience for free if I put on the heat in my house, served my friends in a closet, and hired a disgruntled teenager to drop in every once in a while. If you value your dining experience, friends, and self respect do not bring a large party here, seriously.The atmosphere is cool and the food is okay.  I had better Kobe burgers and tuna tar tar than here.People only come here because it's currently on the HOT list to go, but other than that----the food is just mediocre!Yes!  Yes!  Yes!!   Make a reservation.  Lovely candlelit atmosphere. Get the the french onion soup dumplings, red snapper tacos, and goat cheese pierogies.  Get everything.  I loved it all.  Trendy, delicious-looking people everywhere.   Yummy food.  I had been going strong on my diet but my resolve broke the moment I saw the menu and I am not repentant.  Both the upstairs and downstairs were VERY crowded, but with a classy crowd.  Nice music.  Upstairs is very loungy and I think people start dancing in the later hours.   It can be difficult to hear your companions in both areas- and you have to squeeze by to get into your seat- but that is forgive-able.I highly recommend The Stanton Social for its surprisingly good food, trendy atmosphere, solid drink list and lively bar area. But if you are planning to go please take into consideration these tips:1) Plan Ahead!If you are going with a big group, please make a reservation in advance. Although the hostess may say that you can go upstairs and eat at the bar area, it does NOT work well with groups. I went there once with 7-8 people and attempted to eat at the bar tables. The tables were long and narrow and could not accommodate all the tapas plates, utensils, and drinks we had. It just became a mess. I find it ideal to go with about 4 people. You can try a good variety of food without being overwhelmed with too many dishes. 2) Order SmartMORE PLEASE!: Kobe Beef Sliders, Spicy Lobster Pasta, French Onion Soup Dumplings, Main Crab cake 'Corn Dogs'NOT BAD: Lobster Rolls, Braised Short Rib Soft Tacos NO THANKS: Wood Grilled Pizzetta (blah), The Stanton Social Beef Wellington (sounds better than it tastes)3) Don't forget Brunch! I have yet to go but I hear great things. Fresh mini-donuts, made to order omelette's, I can't wait to try : )A lovely dining experience. Totally non-descript façade, great location, and beautiful décor. Thankfully, The Stanton Social knows how to create a lively atmosphere without blaring music so loudly that it's difficult to talk.I found the wait staff surprisingly friendly (When did I start to expect that well reputed food and a 'scene' would go hand in hand with pretentious service?) and really didn't mind that we waited about 20 minutes for our table even though we had a reservation. The food! Something for everyone including the winos, vegetarians, and seafood lovers. Seriously, you cannot leave disappointed (although, if you want to leave full, you will leave with a slightly larger hole in your wallet) . Must go back to try the rest of the items but some memorable dishes from my first visit: Kobe Philly sliders, Social Mac & Cheese, Red Snapper tacos, and warm donuts.Yum, i love this place the tapas is a great idea for groups. the food has loads of taste and i love the appearance. it really is amazing. the ambiance is great as well. My new fav!This review is for a Sunday dinner approx. 6:30pmWe made reservations online and called in to confirm. This process itself was actually pretty smooth.Past Reviews: I read a bunch of reviews of this place and the common denominator was the small portion sizes, high price, and rushed service.Service: The waiter seemed to know his stuff but we went in there knowing pretty much what we were gonna order. The water was full and when we asked for club soda with lime he suggested a bottle of sparkling water which would have the same price. It probably ended up being more but it ended up being really good. The food came out fast, maybe too fast but we would complain if it did not come out fast enough. Atmosphere: The decor of course was typical of a dark trendy place but very tasteful. The herringbone wine rack looked awesome on the second level and no there was not any techno music playing at least at the time I was there.Food: The food actually was amazing, and yes the portions were really small but I had 5 dishes for 2 people and we left satisfied.We had:MEAL-Edamame (bowl)Empanadas (3)(1) Kobe Slider(s) Brie Quesadilla (4)French Onion Soup Dumplings (6)DESSERT-Chocolate TastingCreme BruleeDrinksBottle Sparkling Water (2)CappuccinoEspressoPRICE BREAKDOWN:Total: 99.892 bottles - 13edamame - 6empanadas - 10kobe sliders - 7quesadilla - 11soup dumplings - 12choc tasting - 16creme brulee - 9cappuccino - 4.50espresso - 3.25SUGGESTIONS:If money is a concern come here for a Pre meal otherwise try the Brie Quesdilla and Chocolate Tasting.This review is for brunch only. I used to come here when I lived in NYC 8 years ago, but... I just don't find it that great any more. Nothing blew me away. Some things were good. Most were fine. Tapas for brunch kind of sucks. The fish tacos were fishy. The perogies were good. The donuts were good. But nothing really blew me away. The rosemary bloody mary didn't taste like rosemary and smallish. The tables were cramped. The staff was nice and helpful. I just wouldn't go back in a city with so many great brunch options.Three friends and I went here for a belated birthday meal, and it was delicious! I made reservations (a MUST do apparently-- even on a rainy Wednesday night). We were there a bit early, so we got to hang out and get some cocktails. There was just a minor hiccup, since one of my friends was a few minutes late. They told us that we could sit down at our table, but that we must be out an hour and a half later if they sat us right away. We were pretty annoyed, since we made reservations. But once we sat down, no one else mentioned that, and we ended up staying there for 2 hours without a problem. Very strange. After we sat down, our server was so nice and helpful. Anyway, the food was AMAZING. One of my friends keeps kosher and eats only fish and vegetarian food at restaurants, so we tried more of the vegetarian dishes. We found that even though you share most dishes, this was a great place for people who have different diets. We loved the brie and apple quesadillas (they happily gave us the bacon on the side), pierogies, french onion soup dumplings (not vegetarian, there is a meat base to the soup).  The sliders were delicious, but the pizette was pretty forgettable. Another highlight was the apple pie sundae-- SO good! We left super full, and I can't wait to go back. This is such a fun place for a special occasion or a group meal.Everything was amazing. The drinks, the food, and the service were all superb. I got the meatballs, the donuts, the banana pancakes, the French onion dumplings, and the eggs Benedict. This is a small plates place like Beauty and Essex, so five dishes for two people should be good. My only complaint is that they only have one type of milk- no skim or soy. Everything else was great though. I loved the Bellini too!Brilliant Tapas!!!  - good vego options.Managed to score an 11pm reservation for Friday night only a few days earlier (well worth booking to ensure you get in). Sitting upstairs was great, it puts you above the hustle and bustle and still get the ambeince.Wine selection is great, fantastic tapas menu with some awesome vego options... my carnivorous friends enjoyed the tofu pizzetta so much we ordered a second one...Celebration! We celebrated the night we came here, all gal pals and some of us celebrating similar accomplishments, and others singular ones. It was one of those evenings where you wanted to indulge, and indulge we did.Thanks to the family-style dining, most of us were able to sample from the small plate menu - from vegetarian only, to sliders for the carnivores - we had it all. Couple that with wine and whisky, the celebration continued.Noteworthy dishes that had 6 different palates exclaiming over are as follows:French Onion Soup Dumplings  - all you want in a French Onion soup wrapped in a tender package.Wild Mushroom Risotto Cakes - the wild mushrooms looked like bacon, and nearly fooled us non-pork eaters with it's smoky flavor and crispy texture. So this is the sensation I've been missing...Social Mac & Cheese - with the chorizo on the side, all were able to sample and savor. It was nice and cheesy with the right amount of bite to the pasta.Seared Foie Gras  - this was shared a deux, and I'm glad we didn't share with anyone else. Could have done without the vanilla risotto griddlecake, but the foie gras was gorgeous!When you want to celebrate, you want to go to a place that can embrace your celebration. And this is a place that does the job.So the LOML is kinda an idiot savant when it comes to picking restos. Now I pour over the reviews, blogs, yelps, comments etc etc before making a resto choice, and usually my selections are pretty good,,,but..the Hot Pocket eater makes his picks for the most obtuse reasons and they ALWAYS turn out awesome.Why SS? Because LOML read that Matt Damon went there once and ordered 50 lobsters to go for all his friends. And LOML loves Jason Bourne. In fact, we made a trip to Paris just so he could get a pic next to the Pont Neuf bridge, or the Bourne Bridge as he calls it. He's a character, that one.Anyway, damn, what a great place. Food was great. Loved the souvlaki, red snapper tacos and the chicken & waffles especially, but everything we shared was great.The stand out dessert is the Chocolate Sampler, but the Red Velvet twinkie was great also. Drank way too many of the fancy drink with the cranberries~yumOk so here it is, my first 1 star review I hoped this day would never come. My fellow yelpers have let me down on this one. First off let me start off by saying that I am not cheap nor frivolous  poor nor rich. I will spend the money if I feel the value is there. This placed is wayyyy overpriced for the amount of food you get. I understand it is tapas but I was unaware it was tapas for 4 year old children. Actually scratch that my 4yr old niece could have killed everything we ordered and still have been hungry. I honestly thought Ashton Kutcher was going to pop out and say we had been punk'd. $7 for 1 Kobe beef slider the size of a silver dollar? It would take at least 6 to make one regular size burger. That's now a $42 burger? Also this burger came with Ketchup!!!!! I hate Ketchup I despise Ketchup! I know 99% of the world likes ketchup on their burger but DO NOT sauce my shit without disclosing it. No restaurant should, you can't just serve things with sauces on them without notice. Remember the SNL skit with Will Ferrell and the guy from Will and Grace when Will pulled out that tiny cell phone? That is about how hilarious it was when the waitress put these tiny little tacos on the table. Unless you are on your way home from having a gastric bypass and you find a $100 bill on the street I do not suggest going here. P.S. I ate 2 slices of pizza after leaving here.I'm not usually a swanky gal, I tend to like hole-in-the-wall places and this place is a paradox to my existence, but when the food is this good, you just have to surrender. I check my morals at the door. I met a friend here for dinner and at 7pm, the place is still filled with people enjoying happy hour. We took two seats at the bar and immediately ordered up some cocktails. This is a cocktail kind of place, so order a COCKTAIL. We started off with a few blood-orange jalapeno margaritas and they were perfect. Strong drinks with a bit of a kick. This was the beginning of an interesting Monday evening. For food, we ordered a few different tapas. I was FLEXI-VEGAN that night (read: I was willing to eat some dairy and egg).  My friend wanted to get the french onion dumplings and I was OK with that. We also ordered some herb dusted frites, an order of fried calamari (which I didn't eat), a tofu dish (can't remember the name), and mushroom ravioli. Everything I ate was well-made, flavorful, and really, I can't complain about any of the food. What I will complain about is the sulky, sultry waitress. She seemed entirely disinterested to be there, and really didn't seem to want to serve us at all.  She was absolutely gorgeous, but because she was such a bitch, she actually looked less hot. Personality really makes up for a lot. In any case, we had to deal with her all night. Could someone please take the pole out of her ass?I had no idea this place was so hopping on a Monday night, it was like a night club. They played a lot of old school hip hop and well, when the drinks start flowing and the head starts swimming, the result is the bon bon starts shaking!I had a great time here! Food was good, drinks were better, and wow, the bathroom was spacious and out of this world!Prepare for a stream of small plate goodness, but know before you go - if you're looking to get fat, your wallet will get light.  Nice looking place, good service, make a reservation.Creative, strong, and smooth specialty drinks; guys liked the resposado old fashioned, ladies liked the Strawberry Fields and cucumber vanilla cosmos.Small Plate Rankings (in my order, everyone having their own favorites is part of the fun):Get Two Orders: Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies, Crabcake Corndogs, Red Snapper Tacos Can't Miss:  Kobe Philly, French Onion Soup DumplingsWorth Having: Chicken n Waffles, Shrimp n Grits, Short Rib TacosGood as an Extra: Ham & Manchego Croquettes, Apple & Brie Quesadilla, Mac & Cheese, MeatballsTake It or Leave It: Fried CalamariSave room for dessert if you can... Must have the 90 proof milkshake shot, pick your poison for the rest (this is where we officially over-did it): doughnuts, strawberry shortcake, and cookies all came up aces.Yes, this is perhaps one of my most favorite restaurants in NYC. What a fabulous place to go with with your girls and grab a few drinks and nosh on some of the most delicious treats that have ever graced my lips!!The best dishes include the perogies, the french onion soup dumplings, the butternut squash raviolis, the asparagus, the pizza squares and my most favorite dessert of all time the warm soft doughnuts dipped in caramel- FABULOUS.Not only does this place have a great vibe on a regular night- but we also had the mezaninne reserved for New Years Eve, and it was easily one of the best New Years of my life. They service was great, the food was spot on per usual and we had an amazing night!Not seated until an hour after our reservation, and then seated next to two empty tables. Probably not a good choice if you're looking to have a meal. But for standing around listening to the loud music and learning to lip read, it can't be beat!I'm not too sure what to think of the Stanton Social. I'd been looking forward to going for a while, after reading all the rave reviews on Yelp and hearing about it from friends. So I finally made a reservation using Open Table, which was not as easy as you would imagine since they get booked early. So... needless to say that my expectations were pretty high when I got there (too high?), but unfortunately I was a little disappointed. Let me first say that the venue is great: the restaurant is pretty large and the ambiance was very pleasant. They also have a great sound system (though I thought the music was a little too loud at times). Service was also spotless.Now about the food: it's American tapas, which sounds promising, but I was not wowed. My boyfriend and I shared: - the zucchini tempura- the chicken mole taquitos- the Maine crabcake corndogs- the moo shu shrimp- the charred squid lettuce wraps.Everything was pretty tasty, but nothing really stood out or impressed me very much... Considering the prices, I just expected more. Kudos however to their cocktail menu: I had a pineapple martini, and the "social tea" (citrus vodka and green tea), and both were really good.Not a bad experience nor a bad dinner, but I was not overly impressed by the food. I can think of several places in NYC where I'd rather go if I am to spend that kind of money.This was my favorite restaurant that I went to on my trip in 2009.  All I remember is great ambiance, great food and great service.I don't remember what I ordered but I remember being completely satisfied!Stanton Social used to be one of my favorite LES spots for somewhat "chic" dining, lounge style.  However, after a recent visit with an out of town foodie friend, I'm no longer amazed and completely embarrased bringing my friend here after raving about it.  I had so much confident in Stanton Social to deliver a sure hit.    The food is just ok for me now, nothing amazing or innovative.  The fire is gone, what happened?I used to love love love and rave about the french onion soup dumplings.  Now, they just taste rather doughy/gooey and not enough punch in flavor except for the salt level.  The mini kobe burgers/sliders have also gone down hill since the last time I visited.  They were on the dry end for us that evening.  The beef was tasteless and the bun, too oily.  I took notice that prices haven't changed but quality of the food has taken a nose dive.  Completely disappointed.What more can I say other than French Onion Soup Dumplings? Milkshake shots? Mac and Cheese? Ambience? Mini food? For so long I only really associated "American Cuisine" with awful restaurant chains (don't even START me on Applebee's...) - but Stanton Social breaks the mold. Wonderful place to meet up with a group of friends - and location to boot. Perfect for a weekend night. Did I mention mini food?Have you ever wanted to feel larger than life? Like a giant among men? If so, then you NEED to go to Stanton Social. Sure, you will still feel like a mere mortal as you wait to be seated for 30-40 minutes, even though you arrived for your reservation on time; perhaps you'll feel a little less than human when the doorman asks to see your ID twice in the span of 5 minutes because he doesn't remember checking it already; and maybe you'll feel a little insignificant when you are seated in a tiny space in an overly deep bench seat/table type seating arrangement, with your date seemingly miles away. But then you order your food and it all changes. As you look down on the plates of food that are presented, you'll feel like the Giant looking down on a miniscule Jack. You'll wonder if you have just been transported to a trendy restaurant in a modern age Gulliver's Travels. The bite size morsels, as delicious as they are, will pop into your mouth and disappear, like magic, seemingly without even needing you to chew. You will order and order, eat and eat, like a leviathan at a feast for leprechauns. Finally, you will be full and call for the check. When you see the bill, you will be transported back to reality, and realize that you are just another average sized person in the big city. For real review: Food is pretty good, although the portions are tiny, even for tapas (if you didn't get that in the top portion). The service was hit or miss - terrible at the front, pretty good at the bar upstairs, and about average while dining.Great tapas restaurant in the LES. Young, hip atmosphere. I enjoyed every dish we ordered. I honestly couldn't finish all the plates (didn't even have room for dessert) but I was glad I was able to try as many dishes as possible. Their mac and cheese came with chorizo so I had them put it to the side. It was great and the pizzetta was delicious as well. Fiance had the ribs and mentioned how horrible the ribs he recently had at another establishment and how this one fell off the bone very easily.  Our waiter was efficient and I loved the stylish staff. Recommend.There is a new SNL Digital Short with Helen Mirren called "Helen Mirren's Magical Bosom".  When people touch her bosom, they experience heaven that is Helen Mirren's bosom. (link at the end of review) Eating at The Stanton Social is like motor-boating Helen Mirren.  It's magical. It's heavenly, although heaven, I presume is less noisier than this place.  Starting with the french onion soup dumplings, a complete physics phenomenon, your mouth will start the journey down Helen's neckline.  But do yourself a favor, and wait for them to cool down when they get to your table, otherwise you will end up burning the roof your mouth before you get to experience heaven.  The Red Snapper Tacos will keep the party going.  They are small, but flavor packed, much like Helen, herself.  The kobe beef sliders is that point of no return.  A bite will cause your body to shiver and reach the ecstasy that is Helen Mirren.  Finish it off with a Makers Mark shot milkshake and you will need a cigarette and some fresh air outside.  Digital Short:hulu.com/watch/231263/sa…No other word can describe my experience here other than ORGASMIC!I've only been places described as a "tapa bar" that served Spanish inspired dishes.  This restaurant puts a whole new spin on tapas.  They basically offer top of the line appetizer size dishes.  This is NOT your average mozzarella stick appetizer.  This was a party in my mouth and every kind of food was invited kind of experience.  By far and away the best choice was the French Onion Soup Dumplings.  I have never had anything so inventive before.  It was so scrumptious that I can't imagine ever going here and NOT ordering this particular dish.   Some other killer dishes to try:*Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies*Grilled apple & brie Quesadilla*The Stanton Social Beef Wellington*Crab Cake Corn DogI'm usually a one and done martini kind of girl, so I tried the Pink Grapefruit-Mint Martini and it satisfied the grapefruit kick I've been on.The environment is quintessential NYC with a nice hip decor.  A plus was that the music was hip, but not too loud that you have to scream to the person seated next to you.  The service was also five star!  I feel that It's important when you've got so many dishes ordered, that the servers keep bringing the dishes out and clearing off the table quickly.  This was done effortlessly, so bravo to the wait staff!There's a million and one choices in NYC, but I know for sure I'll be back!First visit to Stanton Social, I was really excited as I Love Beauty and Essex which is its sister restaurant. Part of the low score was due to the service, we had reservations and arrived on time. We were promptly seated at the tables right next to entrance located directly across from the hostess stand. If you have been here, this is practically the waiting area, Disappointed for sure! My daughter asked if anything was available in the main dinning area, which she was told was only for larger groups! We had a party of 4, she walked passed the booths and tables and noticed they were set for groups of 4. We watch other guest in groups of 4 be seated in those tables. My daughter asked again as the manager was approaching and he moved us to a beautiful table for 4 in the upstairs dinning room. The menu is smaller portions, so order several items and share! The french onion soup was great, served more like appetizers, lobster roll, tacos, everything was good! My Strawberry fields drink was a winner as well! Beautiful Decor, down side is Service was slow and the hostesses weren't very accommodating or friendly.Do you believe in love at first sight?  I didn't.  That was, I didn't until today.  I met my girlfriends for brunch this afternoon, and the place we originally picked for brunch was totally booked up.  We therefore decided to wander aimlessly until we found the perfect place that struck our mood.  Then we found it.  Love at first sight. I didn't even notice that there was a restaurant standing right there in front of my eyes.  The ones you fall in love with are usually the ones hardest to see.   So in we went.  We had a slight wait so went up to the bar for some pre-brunch alcohol...bloody mary's of course.  While at the bar, we had the wonderfully good fortune of meeting the gorgeous and oh so helpful manager, Michelle.  She helped us with selections from the menu, and she was just wonderful to chat with!Upon being seated downstairs, we selected a few of the items suggested by the beautiful Michelle.  We chose the buttermilk pancakes with banana, the salmon benedict, the french onion dumplings, and the huevos rancheros tacos.  The pancakes were....orgasmic.  The taste lingered.  The banana flavoring dominated and I could not wait to take another slow bite.  It was the sex of food.  And this was only the first course that was brought out.  The salmon benedict was delightful, though did not present the amazing showstopping flavor as the pancakes.  Next came the tacos.  Average at best.  We requested salsa so that we could put it on the tacos.  Once that was added, holy mother of god, pure deliciousness.  Finally came the dumplings.  Just imagine what french onion soup tastes like...now put it in a solid form. Overall, this is one of the most delicious restaurants I've been to in the city.  The portions are small and to be shared with the table, therefore several dishes are to be ordered.  The staff is fabulous, and have no complaints with anyone.   The atmosphere allows you to converse with your party and the portions also allow you to savor each bite.  I will definitely be back with my friends for dinner.  Love at first sight, and every bite confirmed my feelings.  Oh how I adore you Stanton Social!The food here is AWESOME.  Love the little plates.  french onion soup dumplings: LOVE! (though they were more wine-y than I expected, and not as soupy)chicken arepa: this one is the sh*t!  awesome flavors and textures. definitely overlookedgoat cheese perogies: LOVEChicken and waffles, doughnuts with three kinds of dipping sauce, red snapper tacos, duck and bean empanadas: LOVE LOVE LOVE I WANT YOUR LOVEThe service is good in that everyone is super friendly, without the saccharine.  The service is bad in that it was a little disorganized when we got there.  We were told to go upstairs, only to have the upstairs people not know where they should seat us, and then we were told to go downstairs, only to be told to go back upstairs, only to have the upstairs people not know where they should seat us. and we made a reservation!! ????Oh well, the food is worth it, and once we were seated it was really nice. NOTE: The music here is booming, so it's not a place for a nice sit down quiet date with someone.  It's like club music. ALSO NOTE: The champagne julep is incredible.Tapas has been growing in popularity, with more and more restaurants opening that forego the traditional appetizer and entree format, in favor of offering a variety of small plates at a premium price.It's a great way for a couple on a date to have a variety of flavors on their table, without the requirement for any major commitments. I always enjoy taps in a large group because you can just order a bunch of stuff for the table and try almost the entire menu in some cases.That being said, there are many restaurants who see tapas as a way to essentially charge more money per ounce of food. While an entree might start around $25 at a typical nice restaurant, a tapas restaurant, like Stanton Social, can get away with charging $19 for a much smaller amount of food. This would be fine, if the food were actually worth that price.Out of the five dishes we ordered, not one was remarkable, and two were downright terrible. First up, we had the Chipotle Grilled Shrimp and the Red Snapper Tacos. The shrimp was a little tough and rubbery, but the flavor was decent. The tacos were on par with the shrimp--nothing stellar, but an OK way to start a meal, assuming what's to follow is even better.Next came the Beef Carpaccio, which was slightly bland and had an overly wet texture. I've had better at steakhouse chains that do most of their business at lunch during the work week. Finally, the last two, and most potentially exciting dishes, arrived. Squash and Pumpkin Ravioli, and Chicken & Waffles. The ravioli had a desserty sweetness about it, and wasn't bad, although it was unevenly heated with parts of it warm, and other parts room temperature. The Chicken & Waffles. What can I say other than this was the worst plate of food I've had in a restaurant in years. The chicken was dry, tough, rubbery, and tasteless. The waffle was...well, see the adjectives I used to describe the chicken. The experience was like eating sand. Maybe if they didn't use frozen waffles and actually made them fresh, they wouldn't taste like an old, dried up sponge. With cocktails, which were cloying and unremarkable, this meal ran $150 plus tip, and was barely worth half of that. For the level of praise this restaurant gets, I was unbelievably disappointed and will not waste my time or money here again. Oh, and please don't serve warm food on ice cold plates next time.Hands down, the best dinner I had during my NY trip. Even though it was tapa style, all the food was well worth it. At the same time, all the cocktails were amazing!!! The restaurant was dark and intimate and great service.- red snapper tacos: it was soo darn good, a must- kobe sliders: the beef was tender- french onion dumpling: a must, love the cheeseIf someone were to ask me what kind of food this place is I would say  "think tapas minus the whole spanish vibe."  Basically the whole theme of the restaurant when it comes to food is small plates.  The menu isn't divided up traditionally into apps or entrees.  Rather you order a bunch of stuff and it comes out as it is ready.The overall layout is pretty cool too.  Downstairs in reservations while the upstairs is first come first serve and more of a lounge scene.  Don't be alarmed though as you can order the same drinks and food in both areas.Sat down and were promptly greeted by our waitress Mallory.  Her enthusiasm was amazing.  I've worked in restaurants before and I know how hard it is to stay excited sometimes and that was never an issue.  She listened carefully and had a few suggestions for cocktails and food that she was able to articulate well. We ended up getting sweet and sour chicken and cashew spring rolls which I wasn't wild about.  Felt like a standard thai spring roll, not really sure where the whole sweet/sour aspect came in.Had the braised short rib soft tacos which were really good.  This is the one thing that I felt really stood out from the rest of the stuff we ordered.  While nothing was bad, I didn't think the food "popped."  The flavors weren't anything that wowed me except for the tacos.I didn't have a cocktail but my three friends all seemed to enjoy theirs.  The waitress was real cool/nice about substituting makers mark for jack daniels in one of the cocktails which is always a nice thing(no idea what if any up-charge there was).I was trying to gauge my overall feeling of the restaurant after I left and how many stars it deserved. It's kinda a tough one and its times like these when I wish half stars existed.  The scenery/layout/vibe of the place is five stars, the food was three, the service 4 and half(little bit of down time between dishes). The price was probably two and a half stars.The price was unfortunately the big killer for me.  It just seemed like a lot of stuff was just a couple dollars more then they should have been.  For the flavor profiles that we got, I just wasn't that amped on what it costs.  My friends had two drinks each, and we each ordered about two items off the menu.  Total our bill was $192 without tip.  Granted 78 dollars of that was alcohol and 14 was tax, but it all just seemed a little much to me.Honestly, it seems like a sweet date spot and I'll probably end up coming back because of that, but I won't be returning for the food.It seems that many of my New York nights have started at The Stanton Social.  My twin suggested it when I first moved from Washington, DC.  And on Facebook, it appears my twin and I only come here as we it is the only bar we take pictures...Nevertheless, I like this place; it is swanky and fun.  The drinks are delicious as well as the food.  I thoroughly enjoyed the crab cake 'corn dogs' and burger sliders.  The jalapeno margarita comes with a house-made, honey-flavored lollipop.  Cool! And yum!You will be sure to impress anyone with suggesting the Stanton Social as part of one's night out.  For Christ's sake, the cast from Gossip Girl comes here!  Now, I'm impressed!If you are looking for energy,  good food, fun staff, great crowd,  great vibe and LATE HOURS...go to Stanton.  Its my favorite place to bring out of town friends.  And the food is amazing too! Edamame is shockingly delicious--soaked in a ginger miso sauce....for  a vegan like myslef,  the salads are always yummy and the pizzetta is light yet delicious without the cheese!My husband LOVES the wasabi crusted salmon...and the oysters. The gariic side with the oysters should be eaten alone if you are into a good garlic buzzz....hot but yum!The service ca be iffy at times,  but its all pat of the fun. Just order another rose champagne if you aren't feeling 'the stanton buzz' yet.My biggest complaint about Stanton Social was that I don't have a stomach big enough to eat one of everything on their menu.Started off with the best Manhattan I've had in my life, and quickly followed it up with crab cake corn dogs, french onion soup dumplings, chicken and waffles... too much to mention.  Everything was just fantastic.Can't wait to be back in the city so I can find myself back here!Definitely one of my favorite spots in the city for a group dinner.  A reservation is a must -- it is on OpenTable, but you must book a month in advance if you have a bigger group.  Great place for sharing.The must-haves:  French Onion soup dumplings, Kobe beef sliders, Kobe Philly, lobster roll, tuna sashimi, crabcake corndogs...Dessert:  the doughnuts are amazing and I love the milk and cookies...Have heard brunch is great, but haven't been yet.We came real quick to the Stanton Social, and I can tell why people like this place.  The decor is quite nice, very dark, seating is very close together.  Food is mediocre to good.  But the idea of the food, to serve American (New) foods tapas style, was ingenious as Stanton Social was one of the first pioneers in the concept.My favorite three dishes are:1) Noti Spiced Tuna Tartare Rolle2) Maryland Jumbo Crab Lump "Corn Dogs"3) French Onion Soup Dumplings4) Hand Pulled Chicken ArepasFor drinks, a refreshing choice we liked was the Brooklyn Lemonade.Great to come to if you want an early evening to walk the real NYC, Lower East Side experience and then have a dinner in the area.  Make sure to book in advance because this place is well covered by food critics and has had loads of media attention so reservations fill up.The lady and I were total swines the night before Valentine's Day, having enjoyed wine, cheese and corned beef sliders at Punch and Judy before catching a second wind and stumbling over the Stanton Social, a place that "has cheeseball written all over it" as proposed by the fine realist Jeremy C. And, yes, the douche bag quotient is high, but I had to check it out.The signature drink is amazingly smooth (green tea, orange vodka, honey, marmalade) and the follow-up rosemary tangerine cooler (infused vodka, tangerine/lemon juice) was solid as well. I've also heard the blood orange jalapeno margarita is off the chain. I'll try next time for sure. Our two dishes were great as well. The duck confit empanadas looked more like Asian spring rolls and were really pretty on the plate (and crispy in the mouth). The dipping sauce was fruity and the duck was crispy, though moist. A nice dish. The braised short rib tacos was a really fun dish---3 smalls bowls: white bean refried beans, manchego, homemade salsa; 4 flour tortillas; heaping bowl of shredded spare ribs. Mix to create your own tacos. Kind of an upscale spin on the sizzling fajitas from Chi-Chis. I have no real opinion of the staff. The bartender was courteous and fast, but not necessarily warm. But this goes with the territory of a totally slammed (and hip) joint. One of the servers had a Prince (sign) tattoo on her ankle and I predicted correctly that she was from the Twin Cities. Nobody outside of Minneapolis/St Paul hearts him enough to put ink to flesh.I wish I could write 2 separate reviews for Stanton Social: 1 for the food, 1 for the drinks/atmosphere. Let's start with the food:Overpriced, overhyped, just plain not that mind-blowing.  We ordered the pierogies (eh), the red snapper tacos (decent, not spectacular), the chickenn' waffles (our waitress raaaaved about these and let me tell you - SO NOT GOOD), the french onion dumplings (ok, these were pretty tasty and o-so-cute), and the apple & brie quesadillas (my favorite of the bunch).  Overall, everything was just OK - nothing to write home about.  And when I'm paying $18 for a tiny plate of tiny finger food, I want to be writing home.  So...the net-net is don't come here expecting a fantastic meal.HOWEVER, do come here for yummy drinks, a good crowd (relative for a Sat night, mind you), and nice atmosphere.  I like the look of SS - dark and sleek.  And that goes for the people too.  Stylish crowd, good-looking boys.  SS is a respite from the overdone, tacky hipster scene the LES is known for.  I don't think I saw a single pair of leggings stuffed into slouchy 80's boots picked up from the vintage store!  Hooray.  Stanton Social - 4 stars for the atmosphere, 3 for the food.  I rounded up cuz I'm nice.The biggest mistake was I went there for a brunch, and the second mistake was I ordered food there. They should not open for "brunch", or at least they should not say it has a "brunch" menu. Everything I had from the "brunch" menu was a sub-par bar food which you need to be fully drunk to eat it and not get upset. I studied the brunch reviews here and ordered French onion soup, brie quesadilla, red snapper tacos, kobe beef sliders, potato latkes, and mac & cheese. The sliders and tacos were fine but everything else was extremely disappointing. The saving grace was Cucumber-Vanilla Cosmopolitan. It was the BEST cosmo I've ever had. Extremely refreshing, light, delicate, with wonderful after-taste. The atmosphere is also nice and looks like a great place for cocktails with a group of friends.I'd definitely go back there to try more cocktails, but would never order food there again! Laura A is so smart - have dinner at Congee Village and drinks at Stanton Social!Oh, yes, Stanton Social is hot this summer... and not just popular-hot, but also uncomfortably warm, sticky, and not too different from the unbearable weather right outside. Come here in July in a tight strapless dress like most of the diners here, and you'll still be shvitzing all over the place. Sure, the food and cocktails are delicious, but it'd all be even more appetizing if you didn't have to stare at people's back sweat and pit stains while sipping your $13 cocktail tinged with your own salty upper lip sweat. However, the place is trendy-hot for a reason: the food. Here's my take:- French onion dumplings: yes, they're worth the hype. Try 'em. If you're health conscious, try a little of 'em. Very creative dish you can't find elsewhere, and the cheesy, french onion flavor is spot-on.- Red snapper tacos: really good. These crunchy baby tacos are packed to the rim with really flavorful fish and fresh mango (that's not spicy, despite the description). Loved that the "miso mayo" is on the side.- Pierogies: recommended by many people (and the staff) for a reason - they're packed with deliciousness. Not the light, boiled/steamed variety, but the richness makes them great for sharing.- Tuna sashimi: fuggedaboudit. I ordered this because I wanted at least one healthy, light dish, but not worth it. Fresh, but completely passable and overpriced at $15.- Kobe beef and Philly cheesesteak sliders: flavorful and not skimpy on the meat. Philly's the one to go with here - mostly beef with only a light drizzle of white cheese and not your typical greasy, tough cheesesteak.- Zucchini and goat cheese pizzette: not very memorable or necessarily any better than similar dishes served elsewhere, but definitely tasty and a good balance to many of the other menu options.- Complimentary tequila gazpacho shots: AMAZING!!!! These were brought to our table by another waitress without a word, so we're not entirely sure they were meant for us, but dayamn - they were refreshing and unique.-  Strawberry Fields: great cocktail - the strawberries are actually "real" and not some sugary, syrupy compote. Perfect summer drink. FYI: the graham cracker rimmed glass is no more.The arrival of all of the dishes was timed very well - we never waited long, and we weren't overwhelmed by too many dishes at once. Yes, it's loud, and it does get packed with a lot of young (think early 20's/college) people dressed up for a night out, and waiting at the bar upstairs can be annoying and uncomfortably crowded, especially with the lack of decent a/c. Once seated, the food makes it all worth the effort, though. Solid dining experience. Hope to come back when it's cooler out (and in!) and see if I can raise the next review by a star or two...I've tried coming here many times. Stepped into the doors and walked right back out. There has always been a super long wait for a table or too much crowding at the bar upstairs. I finally decided to go the old fashioned route and make a reservation. I arrived at 9:45pm for a 9:30pm reservation. They were ready to seat us but unfortunately since our whole party wasn't there, wouldn't. (Keep this policy in mind if you come with a large group!) We also increased our party by one so they said we would have to wait while they found a larger table for us. This was understandable so we went upstairs to the bar for some drinks. The upstairs lounge was crowded as usual. We got cocktails. How can you not coming here? I got the Strawberry Fields drink (Grey Goose Citron, fresh strawberries, and a Riesling floater). I'm addicted! It was just what I wanted. I ended up having three of them throughout the night. We were finally seated around 10:30pm. We got the french onion dumplings, kobe sliders, meatballs, tuna tartar. My favorite was the sliders. Everything else was alright. If I could sum this place up in one word it would be: overrated. Maybe it was my experience at a tapas bar in Denver with much better food at lower prices (I know I'm not in Denver I'm in Manhattan!) but everything was just alright. Also, this place is loud. Be prepared to not be able to have a conversation with anyone at your table without shouting across the room. That was annoying. Our service was fine. Everything came out on time, waitress was friendly. Good for groups but definitely make a reservation!I love, love, love the concept of this trendy restaurant and it helped make our visit to NYC fantastic.  The decor is modern and dim, but not too dark.  There is one unisex bathroom, which is always bizarre for us out-of-towners.  The decor is impressive and we loved our rounded booth that made conversation so easy in a somewhat noisy restaurant.  Our service was fantastic and the food was all in all delicious.  It was so fun to be able to try a million different things.  You will not always like everything you try but it makes for a fun experience.  Here is my personal rundown of what not to miss:potato pierogis - too die for, melt in your mouth, crisp outside with mashed potato texture on the inside and incredible flavor;red snapper tacos - mini-crisp tacos with perfect snapper and veggie combo;chipotle shrimp - yum;corn dog crabcakes - a little soft, but still tasty;pizza special - it had asparagus, goat cheese and carmalized onions...fantastic, but I am a sucker for goat cheese;french onion soup dumpings - our group was not nearly as impressed as everyone on yelp, but they are good nonetheless;Donuts - a perfect ending with warm donut holes and raspberry and caramel, oh my!Here is the good, but not great group:Kobe beef sliders - the men all loved these but I thought they tasted like pure ketchup and I am not a huge ketchup fan;braised beef tacos - decent but nothing to write home about;  cookie tray - good selection but nothing out of this world.So, all in all, believe the hype.  It is a fun place to try a so many things in a too cool environment!Came here for really late night food after happy hour at Verlaine.  We sat upstairs since the downstairs area was full.  It's a lot of couches and low tables.  I saw a jalapeno infused tequila drink on the menu and had to snatch it up even though I probably needed to be cut off, damn you Verlaine!  It was very good, not quite as good as the one I had at Death & Co though.For dinner we had the Kobe Burger ($7) (you only get one, not worth $7, but good), one of the grilled pizzettas with sausage and grilled peaches ($14) (SO good), and the yellowfin tuna sashimi $15 (I hate raw fish, but I ate it anyway and it was good).  Overall everything was delicious, but definitely on the pricey side.  They had very inventive twists on originals.  I wanted to order one of everything.  I would make this a date night where I'm not paying.So I know, I'm so late to come try this place for the first time. But everything in life is about timing and it just happened that it took this long for me and Stanton Social to cross paths. We arrived early for our reservations, was asked to have a drink in the upstairs bar. No problem, the lounge was loungey and the bartender was attentive. It was a Tuesday night and the crowd was light which I was glad for since I was actually able to hear my date. We didn't have to wait long and was escorted to the first level where our table was waiting for us. It was a bit crowded where we sat but the place itself is just cozy. If you are the type that likes your conversations private, I suggest you ask specifically for a booth ahead of time, or else the party next to you will hear your arguments. The food is tapas style and the menu was a good size. The good thing about it is that there is absolutely something for everyone on that menu. The tried and true safe people, like myself and the more adventurous ones like my husband. We each found something we loved and something we both wouldn't touch again. Hits: the sea bass, french onion soup dumplings!!! WARM DONUTS!Miss: duck confit empanadas (didn't care much for this at all), baby back ribs (Avoid at all cost...too sweet!)The kobe sliders were a bit disappointing, but maybe I was expecting too much. MUST HAVE THE WARM DONUTS!!But I'm not going to lie, at about $85 pp, I didn't leave totally full. It sure is expensive, but I felt like it was a nice culinary experience. oh yeah and did I mention, the warm donuts?Great service great food. Keeping it short and simple. Here on vacation. Tried ten plates. All were delicious.  Definitely come here if you like small plates.I was really looking forward to eating here and was simply not impressed.  I was meeting an old friend from college who was visiting NYC and another friend.  I love the ambiance here.   It seemed like a perfect place to have dinner before going out to bars in the LES.  Unfortunately, it's also way too loud and so not the best place if you're hoping to catch up with someone. We got there kind of early and so we had a drink at the bar upstairs.I don't mind pay $13 for a cocktail in NYC because they're usually well made, delicious and served by a very good looking person.  The pineapple martini was too sweet and literally had no alcohol, none.  Same with my friends cocktails, just unbearably sweet and no alcohol. Anyway, we sit down and I order a dirty martini.  I don't know how they managed it, but this too had no alcohol.  As for the food - way overpriced for what you're getting.  Here's my breakdown:- French onion soup dumplings: these were good, but nothing earth shattering. - Goat cheese perogies - eh.  Just average.  Perhaps people rave about these b/c it's their first time having perogies. - Red Snapper tacos - this was the biggest disappointment.  I was looking forward to these the most.  They're super small and I could barely taste the fish with all the other junk on it. - Grilled Octopus - served with sauce on it and crostinis.  This was my favorite, but still not worth the price for the amount that you get. - Mac & Cheese - very bland.  Not impressed. - Sweet & sour chicken spring rolls - tasty, but just as good as any chinese takeout.- Kobe beef slider - my friend said these were delicious.  At $7 for ONE slider, I'm not impressed.  There was nothing special about it. Anyway, the food is just not original and it's way way overpriced.  You should save your money and go to one of the many awesome restaurants in the area.   i left  having had 3 martinis and not even buzzed.I rarely ever write negative Yelp reviews, but The Stanton Social still stands out in the worst ways months after my attempted visit... so I think it deserves a review. Disclaimer: this place is more like a rowdy, snobby club (at least on a Friday night) than it is a fine-dining restaurant or a cute tapas bar. So don't come here expecting an intimate type of setting -- unless by "intimate" you mean literally pushing, squeezing, and shoving the huge crowd gathered around the front of the restaurant to find the over stressed and overwhelmed, yet careless and snotty hostess. Let me explain: Not one, but at least two or three different waitresses and hostesses gathered upfront at different times over almost a two hour period, who only acknowledged European white boys or to a lesser extent, club-attired (i.e. revealing clothed) white girls (so yes, dress fancy or at least, non-conservative)...everyone else, you'll have a particularly hard time getting her attention to enter -- even if you've made a reservation. She condescendingly eyed me, stared me down, with a curt, snappy retort and acted as if I was the impatient rude one when I've been politely standing next to her for at least 30 minutes while she ignored me (among some others). I am not exaggerating, and the moment the friend who I was meeting up with went inside to see if she could be more effective (as in, finally get her attention or whatnot), she realized what I meant, and we left. A LOT of girls and couples were leaving, especially once they realized how rude the workers were...some of us just glancing each other in misery before leaving. Honestly, reservations mean NOTHING here...they'll call you beforehand to confirm, and tell you to be on time, and you'll think oh wow, this must mean they will actually take into account a reservation and go by it...but NO, once you finally get a hold of the hostess and yell over the noise, you realize she's sending you upstairs to the dingy (and yes, crowded to the brim so that you're dangling off the stairs) bar. What's the point of a reservation if you overbook and make would-be customers wait for over an hour? It's a really flawed, frustrating system.Anyway, I was really excited to try this place after my mom had seen it on TV and wanted me to take photos of the tiny dishes...but that's not something I'll be doing any time soon...in fact, don't bother attempting photos during dinner because it is again, like a club, dark inside.Fun, social place with great tasting food! Great for groups which is rare to find a good eating place for big groups in NYC. I don't love tapas, but this place worked very well for me. I had my latest birthday dinner there and it was one to remember. First, the drinks are fun and very good. Service was good and the food was very good and good size portions as well. The scene is very hip, trendy, dark and loud. Very fun. My favorite dishes: French Onion Soup Dumplings (HAVE TO HAVE THIS), Kobe Beef Burgers, Warm Donuts with 3 sauces, Grilled Pizza with Figs and Blue cheese and Red Snapper Tacos.   The cookie tray was NOT good here. Very disappointed. But, overall, this place is SOLID.Dining at a small-plate restaurant with one vegetarian, two semi-vegetarians, and four meat eaters could have posed a problem but fortunately the vast menu at Stanton Social provided enough tasty options for everyone.  The french onion dumplings were genius and the Brie and apple quesadilla was fantastic.  The cucumber and vanilla cosmopolitan was refreshing but I think they forgot the alcohol!  Thank goodness the wine was perfection (Stuhlmuller Zin).A bit loud for good conversation and the ONE bathroom is not a good idea but overall SS is worthy of a try.This place occupies a suave little space in the Lower East Side. Thats about as good as it gets. First off, the owners of this place thought it would be a good idea to pack as many tables as humanly possible into such a small space. I can't argue that it makes economic sense, but getting to the bathroom from your table is like attempting the obstacle course at the US Naval Academy. As for the food and drink, I was really excited to eat after looking at the menu. It had a selection of things you see in other restaurants but with a different take. For example, french onion dumplings. But alas, after eating them, I was disappointed. Not one dish stood out in my mind. I also ordered a Black Magic, which had Guiness and Champage, the two drinks I love most in this world. But it was basically Champagne with brown food coloring.I can't even talk about this place. But I will.The players: Jorge, Whitney, Mitch H. and myselfMeal plan: DinnerDrink of the evening: wineAtmosphere in 3 words: dark, trendy, chicMenu: I'm going to do my best at recalling everything we ate. *ahem* Here we go...- Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies w/ caramelized onions & truffle creme fraiche- French Onion Soup Dumplings - Duck Confit Empanadas w/ blood orange sauce- Stone-ground Blue Corn Crabcake 'Corn Dogs'- Social Mac & Cheese w/ chorizo & ovendried tomato- Moo Shu Chicken w/ red cabbage slaw, house made crepes, Thai chile peanut sauce (I think...? Mitch H. definitely had something moo shu-esque)- Grilled Pizzetta  w/ fresh mozzarella & grana cheese, ovendried tomatoes, roasted garlic & hot chile oil- Kobe Beef BurgersFeelings on the food: I want to cry. Yum. French onion soup bites? Crab cake corn dogs? Ugh, so good. And the kobe beef burgers were to die for.Final thoughts: I highly recommend this place, especially if you want to take me with you. No, really.Instead of going for a restaurant with a more local, Bohemian flair, I went for one that was a bit sceney for the East Village setting. I couldn't resist. The brunch menu sounded amazing. I was struck. I needed to go to The Stanton Social. I love Brunch with a passion. It's the perfect grouping of items, in portions small enough to eat, and at a time when our minds are sober enough to appreciate the food that enters our mouth. It's the perfect meal, the morning after... The brunch items at The Stanton are small in portion, like a Tapas style meal of sorts. It is designed to encourage sharing among friends. Since we were sharing, that meant we could eat more right? Oh, how I love to delude myself to justify my gluttony. Isn't it interesting how we make up excuses to justify our incorrigible behavior, just because we don't want to accept the truth? :oPMy friend and I toasted our meal with blushing Pomegranate-Peach Bellinis which were tart and fruity. Then we went hog wild with our pickin's. I love Eggs Benedict and was immediately drawn to the Fancy Benedict, which I had to order. It consisted of Lobster and grilled Asparagus served over toasted Brioche, topped with a poached egg and drizzled with Bernaise Sauce. On the side was a pile of perfectly dressed baby greens. The Lobster tail was moist, the asparagus sweet, the toast buttery, and the egg...ah, the yolk was oozy and perfect, coating everything that laid beneath it and further enrichening the Bernaise. The dish was amazing. It was sooo good. I was in love.Our meal proceeded on with the Breakfast Bruschetta, which consisted of slabs of crusty bread, toasted and topped with oven dried diced tomatoes, soft scrambled eggs, and shavings of Asiago cheese. It was a nice, light intercession before the courses ahead. Next came the Brie and Apple Quesadillas, drizzled with Honey and dusted with chile powder. Sweet but not too sweet, counterbalanced by the savory Brie. It was really good.And then came the Sliders. Maybe it's because I'm small, but I love dishes that are little. They're so cute. Ok, as a self-proclaimed foodie, I'm aware that it's blasphemy to describe food as cute. The cute factor should be reserved for rating the boys, i.e. Bobby Dean...oh he's so dreamy! Anyhow, getting back :oP... I just think that little burgers and sandwiches are adorable. They fit in one hand and can be devoured instantly. It's all about instant gratification I say.We ordered two sliders: The first was the Kobe Beef Burger and the second was the Monte Christo. The Kobe was cooked to medium rare, which is how I like my meat. Only downside was that the outside was underseasoned and too charred, which imparted a bitter taste that overpowered the sweetness of the meat. Quite umimpressive. As for the Monte Christo, it was a hit. The sandwich was filled with slices of ham, turkey, and swiss, soaked in a an egg custard and cooked until set. What made it extra luxurious was that it was steeped in a bath of lightly sweetened maple syrup and honey. The eggy bread was soft and succulent, dripping with maple and perfectly balanced with the savory, oozing filling. A sandwich this perfect has now set the bar for all the sandwiches that is to come. I just can't go back to a standard sandwich after this one. I'm spoiled! To round out the meal, my friend wanted to try the Potato and Goat Cheese Pierogies, which I let her have full reign over. I'm a sucker for pierogies, especially fried ones like these. I could only sample a bite, but It was really good from what I can tell. My friend loved them. I think these were her faves. The pierogies were served with a pile of caramelized onions and a pool of Truffle Creme Fraiche. It's one thing about not eating the pierogies, but it's another thing when it comes to the creme fraiche. I dipped my finger, my spoon, and any other food item I had on my plate into that creme because it was wickedly just...that...good. How can you go wrong with truffles and creme fraiche? You just can't. It's perfection. Perhaps some may beg to differ, but I thought the brunch at The Stanton was amazing. The food was good, the service quick and attentive, and the setting lovely. I would definitely return back for another round of brunch. Indeed, this girl can eat. :oDWe came here on a Sunday night and sat in the lounge on the 2nd floor to nibble on some dinner.    The cocktails were fresh and tasty.  Easily the best item from the menu is the peirogies.  The french onion dumplings and foe gras PBJ's were not very appetizing.The atmosphere is relaxed and enjoyable and our waitress was extraordinarily friendly.Finally a Five star Went here for birthday brunch with a friend around 2:30 pm on Sunday; yes reservations where made in advance. Came here a bit earlier talked to the host she sat down I would say ten min before we where suppose to be seated. The waitress, we will call her waiters A, was very nice and pleasant and introduced herself. Explained how everything works; being here first time and all. Placed an order of I would say 6 or so different thing from the menu, and some drinks.The drinks arrived I would say there where pretty good, right amount of alcohol right amount of what ever else.  Then about five minutes later the food started to arrive, and yes everything there is two bites and just enough to share with you and the person you are with. They don't just bring out one dish at a time so you eat and wait for the next, they bring out two at once so you can enjoy different once. You are not rushed to scarf down your food, which is rare for a change. The waitress does check on you here and there to see how everything is going.The food itself is good, fresh, and right from the kitchen all the flavors go well together. The Mac and cheese was really good hot, good cheese and the right amount. At first it might seem you did not order enough food but wait till you get to your 3rd or 4th dish, assuming you pace yourself and enjoy what you're eating. You will start to feel full but would still want to get more food.At some point our waiters (A) had to leave and introduced new waiters that will be taken care of us (waiters B). Something I have not experienced before, and it was cool because at least we knew to whom to turn too when we needed something.When the check came we paid it but miss calculated the total amount, and left the restaurant not realizing what happened till we got home. Called the restaurant to see what was charged and surprisingly the waitress added everything up correctly and charged the right amount. This is also something un-heard of.As for the decor of this place it gives a feeling of being in quite relax environment where no rushes you the music is nice and relaxing not to loud and not to soft so you will be able to hear the person you are talking to. Putting all those factors together I came out of this place thinking this was time and money well spent; hence I gave the five stars.Believe the yelp hype: I was thoroughly impressed with Stanton Social, and would highly recommend it to anyone. There's an upstairs lounge area, which is sleek and dark, but great to have a cocktail or glass of wine while you wait for your table. You can also eat up here as well. Once you get to eating, that's where the real fun begins. It's all small plates, but from the selection we tried I'd say it's hard to really go wrong in any direction. That said, some must have items are the kobe mini burger, the lobster roll, and the french onion soup dumplings. This latter item is probably my favorite, they get it just right. There is simply no arguing with gooey cheese mixed with the trademark french onion broth, except this time served within a dumpling just waiting to burst in your mouth. Ohhhhh sooooo goood!The east west oysters are another great option, and having had my share of oysters, I was really happy with the presentation and freshness offered.Our Aussie waitress was perfect, very friendly and and very willing to offer up suggestions on what to eat, what cocktail to try, etc. She's a real hoot, and I'm guessing characteristic of the rest of the staff.Things do get pricey (with a few drinks at dinner, our meal was about $200 for 2 people), but IMHO it's completely worth every penny.I came here for an intimate girls' night out dinner. Great location, great service, great atmosphere, good cocktails... but the food did not quite live up to the rest of the experience. I've definitely had better tapas elsewhere.We each ordered several items to share, but none of the items were memorable except the dessert donuts.The beef carpaccio and chipotle shrimp were good but standard fare. The goat cheese ravioli was okay, but the dish came with only three pieces, making each piece of ravioli more expensive (and less satisfying!) than otoro. I had the highest hopes for the French onion soup dumplings, which sounded like a delightful Asian fusion concept dish inspired by xiao long bao, but I liked them the least. When the dumplings arrived, the soup had evaporated entirely. The dumplings tasted like cheesy, thymey balls of dough with a bit of sauteed onion inside. Poorly done, in my opinion.The beef Wellington did not live up to my previous experiences with beef Wellington. The meat was dry and tasted like a burger patty rather than quality tenderloin. The flavors of bacon, mushroom, and foie gras that make beef Wellington so good were entirely missing, leaving only crumbly meat and pastry crust. The chicken and waffles were extremely bland and soggy. I would probably come here again for after-dinner drinks but not food.I rarely go to a place more than once, let alone twice in 2 weeks, but the Stanton Social I have been to quite a bit in the past few years.  I have dined downstairs, and although that is fun I love the upstairs lounge area best.  The bar is really nice, and the lounge area is just a great place to hang out, enjoy drinks, people watch, and of course, eat.  The week before we had dined at Craftbar, and came only for drinks and ended up dancing the night away to all be it questionable tunes, but had a great time.  The weekend past, Maha and I decided to come for our weekly cozy sisters night out.  We were seated quickly at a small table, strategically located to watch both the table of firemen and the birthday party next to us.After ordering drinks, we dug into red snapper tacos, chipotle grilled shrimp (Incredible!), the American slider, kobe beef slider, and mac and cheese.  We skipped dessert but I definitely recommend the peanut butter dessert.  Everything was superb, and we will definitely be back for more!Fantastic brunch spot!  The tapas style menu was really great - lots of sharing, and the pace was such that we spent a couple of hours eating, drinking, and having good times.Would've been five stars, but the bloody marys weren't very good..Walking in, I was really impressed, but disappointed when the food arrived.  We had:-Beef Carpaccio-BBQ Duck Confit & Black Beans Empanadas-Kobe Beef SlidersI felt like I paid way too much.  Don't get me wrong, it was good but the portions were way too small to justify the enormous bill.One of my favorite new restaurants, and by new, I mean new to me (I'm pretty sure it's been there awhile) I went the other night with 6 really close friends and had a meal of epic proportions. God, where to start about the food. Everything I had was incredible. Lets go down the list...wait... you don't want to...fuck you, you're going to whether you want to or not. Butternut Squash & Sweet Potato Ravioli = beast! Kobe Beef Burger = beast! Red Snapper Tacos = beast!  Social Mac & Cheese = real beast! Grilled apple & brie Quesadilla = real beast! The Stanton Social Beef Wellington = really really beast!Pulled Pork Slider = extremely beast!French Onion Soup Dumpling = holy shit...the beast of all beasts! Next time I go, I'm getting about 3 orders of the dumplings. The Donuts and the Red Velvet Twinkie for dessert were really great too. Overall... just a real great experience. Also before I forget. Our server once one of the best I've ever had, she was extremely thorough and knowledgeable. Also she was not too "hey I'm your best friend the waiter." She was just right.Our party of eight ran the gamut of New Yorkers from creative, non-profit to finance.  We all enjoyed ourselves but good luck talking to someone not beside you.My faves were the red snapper tacos, potato & goat cheese pierogies and wok charred endamame. As for the meat eaters, the meatballs were a dud. Haricot verts rounded out the meal. Smores cake was just a marketing ploy to sell a bad molten chocolate tart.  My suggestion is to do dessert and coffee elsewhere.Tip: If you are vegan or lactose- intolerant, they dust everything with cheese. Request that they hold the sprinkle.Much to my dismay and to its terrible misfortune, the LES has changed ALOT over the past six years. After a very satisfying third "good for groups" outing to Stanton Social, I had to push my way through an all out, big blonde bachelorette party.  The bride- to-be, donning one of those tacky cropped veils, was waiting for a table with her annoying penis pin wearing entourage.  After the horror and trauma of this ordeal up front, we walked outside to find, what else, but a red "party bus" parked outside. A few trendy restaurants and bars sprinkled into one of the most historically and ethnically rich neighborhood in America is great; turning the whole place into a giant nightclub is tasteless and profoundly disappointing. That said, I guess the restaurant isn't to blame.  A sign at the door that reads:No shirt No shoesNo bachelorettes:No serviceMight be equally tasteless.It's weird.. I like this place.. I like the food.. I love small dishes to share.. But I do think this place is overpriced for what it actually is - food portions are small (even for tapas) and it doesn't bloww me away. Regardless, I do enjoy coming here and I like the atmosphere.The doughnuts!!! Oh wait, I got a little excited.. I should go in order..French Onion Soup Dumplings - I'm a sucker for French onion soup. I'm an even bigger sucker for dumplings. I pictured Chinese soup dumplings before I came here, like super soupy inside, yenno? But these will do. Thick skin and oniony inside. Very good.Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies - I'm a sucker for goat cheese too haha. I actually liked this dish over the soup dumplings.Thai Ribs - Flavorful, again, I approve.Other dishes we had that were okay - Chicken and Waffles (meh, tiny and soggy waffles), fries (seasoned well but you can't really mess up fries), short rib tacos (good but there's so many other places that do it better), meatballs (eh, pass)..Now onto the highlight of the night, the doughnuts!!! YUM. Light and fluffy with yummy sauces to dip them in (chocolate, strawberry & caramel). Should have gotten two of these babies. Instead we got the Cookies and Milk I think (mehhh, pass). Bring on more doughnuts.We had a late flight and Stanton Social was one of the only places that took midnight reservations (on a Sunday, go figure).  Neither my husband and I had any expectations going into SS and we ended up being pleasantly surprised with our dining experience.Gorgeous, contemporary decor that was dimly lit but not too dark that you couldn't read the menu.  Great place for a date or party.  Our waitress was very attentive and steered us right:beef carpacciofrench onion soup dumplingspork tenderloinsmoked goat cheese raviolichipotle shrimpgrapefruit-mint martini**tapas styleEverything was cooked to perfection and had a special touch to the flavoring.  I'd definitely go back to try the rest of their menu.We didn't go to the lounge upstairs because we were just too tired from travel by the end of the meal.  However, I can totally see how it's a hot spot.Not that great.  Not that bad.  Definitely not worth the HYPE.Seems like an upscale TGIFridays.  I know that isn't kind - but with all the loud scensters and bar scene, plus the food that caters to everyone...It just gave off a vibe of...well, trite and pedestrian.There are better places on the LES...that's for sure.Where can a group of friends have a great dinner out in style, share a good variety of food and drinks, leave feeling fed and happily intoxicated without having to deal with messy "split the bill" calculations at the end?Not recommended for ultra-serious foodies, but this place is nonetheless a hip & modern lair perfect for groups out to just have a great time eating, drinking and laughing. Good variety on food & drink menus, but don't waste time trying to decide what to choose when you share it all.Simply gather a bunch of friends and opt for the prix fixe menu ($48) and open bar ($20 per hour you're there; choose to down as many drinks as you like - anything from champagne to pineapple martinis). Share food, laughter and drinks amidst the elegant, low-lit setting and you will almost feel as if you're at a stylish, underground soiree. Look around you, everyone else seems to be having a ball too. The only problem I had was that due to lighting and alcohol, I could hardly see what I was eating. But they all tasted good, so no complaints there.Even though I can't recall much about the food itself (it was all a blurry good time), I woke up the next day with a good hangover, a craving for the wonderful doughnuts for dessert that was accompanied by  3 dipping sauces, and was thankful none of us had to deal with messy bill calculation procedures at the end of it.For a complete good time, be prepared to fork out about $120 per head.I tried Stanton Social for the first time in Dec. 07' during a work trip for our annual holiday event.  Although there was a bit of a wait, it was surely worth it.  The food was delicious, service was great and I absolutely love the ambiance.  Stanton Social is definitely more of a lounge/bar environment serving small plates (tapas) and many interesting concoctions of vodka martinis and other signature cocktails.  This is a great place for small groups since the space is a bit tight (even with two floors).I went back here during my trip to NY in Dec. 08' and enjoyed my second time there even more.  This place is now on my "must-go" list for NYC each time I visit.Some of the dishes I remember trying were:-Beef Carpaccio-BBQ Duck Confit & Black Beans Empanadas-Wild Mushroom Risotto Cakes-Seared Foie Gras-Kobe Beef Sliders-Oysters on a half shellIt was all delish!I went here with my friend who too me here for a birthday dinner. We were seated at the time of our reservation. We were a party of two, and were seated in between two other parties of two, so it was quite a snug fit. The seating issue was the only big problem. I enjoy the concept of this restaurant. We ordered a variety of small plates- the bistro salad, the lobster roll sliders, the chicken and waffles, and something else I forget. Everything was the perfect size for us to share, and enough food. We also got a bottle of wine to split. We went all out for dessert and got both the chocolate tasting (which was huge) and the fresh doughnuts with raspberry, chocolate, and caramel dipping sauces. It was a bit of decadent meal, but well worth it. Our server was very polite and didn't rush us, and we ended up being seated for 2.5 hours (also prolonged by us catching up with each other). I would definitely go there again, maybe with a larger group, though I hear reservations are hard to come by.I took the gf here last night for her birthday. It's hard to find something to complain about. The ambiance was great -- insider-y without being obnoxious, perfect music (a sexy lounge track blurs into MJ's "P.Y.T."), dimly lit with high ceilings. I had the oysters (the gf is veg), and we shared the risotto cakes, wok-seared edamame, roasted beets, and mac 'n' cheese. Everything was good, but the mac 'n' cheese was the real standout. There were lots of other items that looked worth trying but I had to keep in mind the culinary life choices of my dining partner.From coatcheck girl to waitress to runners, the service was incredibly friendly and professional.The one knock (and it's a minor one) is that the cocktails weren't really inventive enough to warrant the $13 price tag. I had the blood-orange margarita with jalapeno-infused tequila. It was tasty, but nothing out of the ordinary.Anyway, I'll definitely be back on another special occasion.A review in 2 parts: Part one: when i have to pay. I am usually the first to yell at people that give a bad review to a restaurant in NYC based on price. I mean this IS NYC everything is going to be overpriced.  However there is a first for everything and well Stanton Social you get the big fail from me. Not because your bartender asked me to check the score of a game before even taking my drink order. But because it should never cost 60 dollars for 2 apps and 2 drinks no matter where you go. Part two: when someone else is paying. this place was great! everything tasted amazing. I have no complaints because I ddi not have to pay for anything. !!!This place is an experience. A scene, if you will. Eating there isn't about eating good food, it's about being seen while eating food.Typical of restaurants like this, you get a few things:  diners who look like they're ready to walk the runway, overpriced food, a long wait and a birthday party at the table next to you. I went to Stanton Social last week with a group of 6. When the check comes, and it reads $400-500, you'd assume you enjoyed a wonderful meal and you're full/ready for a nap. However, we got the bill and just were not satisfied.  The food we ordered was delicious - pretty much everything we got was great.  Yet, we weren't satisfied. We had to order 3 orders of the meatballs so everyone could taste one.  3 at $14 each = $42 for each person to have one meatball.  Just not that great of a place for groups because it winds up being super expensive. If I went with boyfriend and we ordered a few small plates and shared everything, I think we'd be satisfied. But for a group, it's just not worth the money.I did not like this place at all.  I went bc it was highly reccomended by friends and bc of glowing reviews. i felt like this place HAD to be good cuz it was so hard to get a reservation at a normal dinner time~!! (~7-8pm)first off, it was not that pretty, just AIITE.  and i hate being cramped into a tiny ass table for 2 where u are sittin on your neighbor's lap.  Cafe habana is allowed to do this cuz that place is like 6 x 8, but cmon!!!! this restaurant was decently sized. so go with a group for more comfy seating.i did not see any beautiful ppl the night i went. maybe it was just a bad day for them, but the girl sittin next to me was wearing all of 2004's fashions and the ppl sittin on the other side were just plain annoying.  i dun really care about these things, i would just like good food  with nice decor, but i did not like being cramped with annoying ppl and hearing their convos.  ok this REALLY bothered me. i ordered their Champagne mint julep cocktail. sounds decent right?? my drink came with ICE IN A CHAMPAGNE FLUTE. as a bartender (and well, and a NORMAL person~!!) i was disgusted!!!!! i mean WHO puts ICEEE in a tiny ass champagne flute?? forget about gettin more bang for your buck, but i mean its just the dumbest idea everrrr. the 2 sips i had were decent though.  i was so puzzled i even asked my server (who was prefectly fine btw) if they usually put ice in there (might be someone training that night, you never know) and he said yes. i did order a blood orange jalapeno margarita next, it was ehh.ok so i ordered everything every one said was good. i did not like the French onion dumplings. bleh. the red snapper tacos were tasty but i coulnt find any fish. the pierogies blehh too. the kobe sliders were just avg.(try pop burger) lobster roll was bland but lots of lobster and the warm donuts were fine but i mean how do u really screw up that dish? its just fried dough!service was fine but the food did take a while to come out. i wont be returning.  maybe i just came on a bad night cuz everyone seems to like it. ????I guess the question should be "What didn't we order from the menu?" I went to place with 6 people and we tore up that menu. We ordered drinks, food, and desserts.I've been here twice and here are the things I've eaten.French Onion Soup Dumplings- were amazing.. and came in this popover skillet type thingBaby Spinach Salad- I had order this trying to be healthy and prevent myself from eating so much of the other stuff..haha it didn't help...spiced cashews added a nice flavor and crunch to what could have been a typical spinach saladRed Snapper TacosWild Mushroom Risotto CakesGrilled Apple&Brie QuesadillaGrilled PizzettaHerb Dusted FritesSocial Mac&Cheese-you can ask this to be made without chorizo, just inspect it before eatingFor brunch, cranberry fiz, pomegrante, 1940s champagne julep were greatDessert- The chocolate tasting and the mint sundae was deliciousChris Santos has a goldmine! Some of the menu favorites include the red snapper tacos, sweet potato pierogies and french onion dumplings! Don't forget the mini doughnut dessert and a strawberry fields drink to wash it down! The great service made the experience even better..can't wait to go back for a 3rd time!The burgers are a must try. Too bad they do the same justice of filling you up as White Castles. The grilled pizzetta was really not worth it... they might as well have served the toppings on paper instead.  The wild mushrooms were not bad.  Donuts as a dessert was original, but very cost efficient for them and they should have called it munchkins instead. Basically they make it sound like each entree suits 2 or more people because its supposed to be "shared amongst friends" when in fact they are all variations of a kids meal. I expected more from a seemingly high end place. The food was not close enough to superior to be serving in such minute quantities for their prices.Made reservations on Opentable for Sunday brunch. I love being able to make reservations for brunch! My party was a little late but they had no problem seating us when everyone arrived (phew, because the place got really crowded).We had a vegetarian with us and was sharing plates so we focused on the non-meat dishes:1) Warm doughnuts with caramel sauce. Yum, nice and fluffy. The caramel sauce was delicious. We actually kept snacking on the sauce after they took the rest of the plate away...2) Silver dollar pancakes drizzled with chocolate chunks and honey. Another yum. Perfect consistency. And these taste great with the caramel sauce from 1). The pancakes are a popular item, we kept on seeing plates of these flying by.3) Potato latke pancakes with apple sauce and sour cream. Pretty standard. They were extra crispy, but nothing too special. 4) Breakfast bruschetta. Tomatos and eggs over toast. Good, but nothing too special, in my opinion. 5) Mushroom and burrata cheese frittata with toast. Good, nice and crisp (I like my eggs well done). Portions are small. We got 6 plates for 3 people and were not at the point of fullness (which I did not mind). Don't come when you are starving unless you plan on ordering tons. Service was great, love the decor. I'd been here for drinks before, but I'd love to come back for dinner another time!Last week I stopped in here to join friends for a drink.  My my how the lower east side has become superbly swanky.  This place has every bit the vibe of a hotel bar, but with a bit more the cozy atmosphere as well.  Step up to the bar, and enjoy the eye candy.  In my case the female bartender was distracted (I'll use that word...) and required a bit of hand waving to get her attention.  But boy when she started mixing your drink, she was fast as hell.  My Manhattan Sidecar came up aces!  I made a note to myself that this place would be perfect for a date with someone special, although late night it got really really loud.  Otherwise, a great space, very nice decor.Great food but too loud to be special. Amazing food!!! The red snapper tacos, lamb tacos, and duck and kale salad were amazing. The vibe of the restaurant was great. Good music, great, energetic atmosphere. The music, however,  could seriously be dialed down a few decibels.  It was impossible to have a conversation without yelling a bit.I really liked this place.  Wasn't overly crowded.  Good service.  I went here and was able to talk without music blaring so loud that I couldn't even think.I would come back next time I'm in town.Loved the food. Lots of interesting different dishes to try. Portions were enough to share with three people. Cocktails were good. Beautiful space. Not too loud. Our waitress was great. Recommended for a date or for impressing visitors.Standouts: french onion soup dumplings, ribs, apple & brie quesadillaPass: mac & cheeseWe didn't have a reservation for The Stanton Social on a busy Friday night, but the hostess from the restaurant on the first floor was very helpful and told us that we could go upstairs to the bar/lounge area where they have a full menu.  My brother, Chris, and I headed upstairs to wait for a table (it only took about 20 minutes) and got ready to chow down.  We sat down with another couple (were we supposed to share the tiny table?) and squished each other while trying to look at the menu.  Luckily, the other couple left before we got our food/drink orders because it was definitely a tight squeeze.We ordered a ton of food (everything sounded good and the portions are relatively small and made for sharing) including the mac and cheese, baby back ribs, lobster roll, beef carpaccio, and a foie gras dish.  None of the food was really that great, but if I had to choose a favorite from our meal, it would be the beef carpaccio (simply because I love beef carpaccio and arugula).  The worst dish was definitely the baby back ribs; they were drenched in a sauce that reminded me of a pork cha-siu bun (a really bad pork cha-siu bun).  Since we ordered so much food (and the tables were so small) we were forced to eat with our plates on our laps....which is NOT something I enjoy doing.  I'd return to the Stanton Social for drinks (definitely not specifically for dinner) - the lounge area has a bunch of nice couches, the tables are the perfect size for resting a 4 or 5 drinks (but definitely too small for plates/food), and the atmosphere is perfect for a fun night out on the LES.RECOMMEND:Crab cake "corn dogs" - Amazing!! My favorite of the tapas we tried.French onion soup dumplings - Delicious. Tastes just like good French onion soup.Kobe beer burger - Tiny but deliciousChocolate Tasting - So many decadent desserts! The best value order.Doughnuts - Yummy! And they come with three dipping sauces to make them even yummier.Mint chocolate chip ice cream sandwich - Very small, but those few tiny bites were enjoyable. It's a crunchy chocolate shortbread wafer, not a soft cookie.Strawberry shortcake sundae - Pretty good, but you could get this anywhere.JUST OK:QuesadillasRed snapper tacosMac & cheeseThe birthday dessert is a cheap cupcake that looks very unappetizing compared to the desserts we ordered. It's kind of not worth it to tell the server if it's someone in your party's birthday.Stanton Social seems really pricey but all this split among 5 people (with no drinks though) was $28 including tax and tip. If you want a hearty meal, go to a buffet. If you want to try lots of tasty food while socializing in a swank, sexy environment, come here.I do not even know where to start.I could keep it simple and just say, this place is AMAZING! That's right, A-MA-ZING! My brother and I came here to celebrate my birthday, we're not from New York but heard great things about Stanton Social, so I made a reservation. Upon our arrival, there was a bottle of sparkling waiting for us. My friends had called the restaurant and got us a bottle of sparking. We thought that was were it stopped. Our server, Maggie, was excellent. She immediately took great care of us and was amazingly friendly. She had great knowledge and wonderful recommendations. We tried about everything we could on their menu, and yes, the French Onion Soup Dumplings were great. We also tried the pierogies, which I really enjoyed, had some sliders, fish tacos and a bunch of other stuff. Once we finished our bottle of Sparkling, way too soon for our liking, we ordered another bottle of wine based on Maggie's recommendation (it was amazing). We finished off our meal with some Mexican Hot Choco, which was some kind of winter special and super tasty (not too sweet, as I don't like sweet). Then they also brought me a cupcake for my birthday (very thoughtful, but I was unfortunately too full to eat).As we finished, Maggie came over and told us that the bill was taken care off. Apparently my friends had pre-arranged to pay for our entire meal, which was a great surprise. With this knowledge, Maggie could have just been slacking on our table, as the tip was already included on that bill. But no, she took wonderful care of us and definitely made our night! Thank you friends, thank you Stanton Social and thank you Maggie!Come here when you're full.  No joke.  The dishes are immaculate, delectable, and very very small.  Four of us spent $140 here (with wine) and that is after getting sandwiches and corn at La Habana.  And we left not quite full.But oh my god, the food was amazing.  Try any of their dishes (except baked oysters, they had too much sauce) and marvel at how they can make something so tasty, yet not make enough of it to satisfy everyone.  Downstairs is great for groups, there looks to be some romantic seating up the stairwell for two.  But just remember, eat first!Stanton Social is one of my favorite restaurants in NYC.  It's trendy, serves up delicious food, and is just plain fabulous.Some of my favorite dishes are:French Onion Soup Dumplings-these are AMAZING.  Basically exactly what it sounds like.  The broth and cheese you would find in French onion soup tucked into a dumpling.  It comes in a special plate with holes for the dumplings and you can only pick up the dumplings with the toothpick it comes with.  Be careful when biting into it(they are usually hot), but then smile after gobbling up the French onion goodness.  I always find myself picking on the leftover melted cheese stuck to the dish.Fried CalamariGoat Cheese PerogiesCrab CakesCorn DogsSpring rollsMeatballsMushroom pizzaRed velvet twinkiesDoughnuts with raspberry, caramel, and chocolate dipping saucesAll the dishes are served tapas style (little bites) so don't expect to get a rack of lamb all for yourself here.  If you don't like sharing, this place is not for you.  I recommend going with a large group of friends so you can taste as much as possible (and trust me, you will want to try everything).After an amazing vacation from the big apple, now it's the time to share some of the food treasures. First stop, Stanton Social, tapas brunch style with minimalism concept, both ambiance and proportion. Sharing is greatly encouraged. In fact, it's recommended for each person to get at least two orders granted the portion is very small.-spicy lamb souvlakis. tzatziki, lime & harrisa aioli. the lamb is moist and tasty.- french onion soup dumpling. not your regular french onion soup or dumpling. cheesy goodness.- potato & goat cheese pierogies. caramelized onions and truffle creme fraiche. very delish!-croque monsieur satays - mini brioche, country ham, gruyere & muenster. little bundles of heaven.-spicy lobster benedict, spinach and chipotle hollandaise. the lobster is so chewy, I think I'll pass next time.- Rhode Island lobster rolls. kobe beef philly sliders, truffle & goat cheese fondue. mediocre tasting... next!!-banana caramelized pancakes. candied pecans, vanilla brown sugar & maple syrup. We got a winner, here! So mouth-watering and fluffy.The overall experience was a hit and miss. I love some of the dishes but weren't blown away with couple of them. One biggest complain is how all of the unexceptional-tasting food are so overpriced. $12 for three bite size skewer? We better get used to 'coz this is New York.Pics - yummycrave.com/2010/04/s…I was recently visiting New York and had to make a trip to the Stanton Social after hearing great things from friends.Service-Our waiter was incredibly attentive. When we first arrived, our waiter brought us a complimentary dish to try. (NICE!) The flow of food coming and going was really smooth.Food-Okay so the food was absolutely delicious! BUT you hafta be aware that the portion size is TEEENY TINY. Like really tiny. In all we got about 5 appetizers for the 3 of us. We got the red snapper tacos which were amazing! I'm still craving them...There were 3 maybe 4 Tacos, each being maybe two bites big. I highly recommend the brie and apple quesadilla. I think that and the tacos were my favorite tapas of the night. Drink-wise, I got the cucumber vanilla martini which was good but not quite as amazing as the pink greatfruit mint martini. Yum!We finishing things off with the hot donuts which came with 3 dipping sauces. It was the perfect thing to finish off the evening with! Definitely have to get it!The night would've ended perfectly until it came time to get my umbrella which I checked in at the front. It was a rainy night in NY and I assumed my umbrella was in safe keeping. Needless to say, I was pretty frustrated when they couldn't find my umbrella. I spoke to a woman at the front who didn't seem to care much that they lost it. It was kinda a shitty way to end the night. But all in all, the food was definitely good and despite the loss of my favorite umbrella, the service was great.This place met all of my expectations, both in terms of food and well...coolness I guess you'd say. I walked in and there, sitting in one of the booths, was none other than Charlie Conway (aka Joshua Jackson / Pacey Witter for those unfortunate folks unfamiliar with "The Mighty Ducks"). So I guess if there are celebrities there that makes it hip? Not sure, but the ambiance was what I was hoping for - busy (even on a Tuesday) and loud, but it nevertheless felt chill, like everyone there was going to be eating for 3 hours, care free and enjoying wine, good food, and their friends' company. As for food, here's what I ordered:Red snapper tacos - Totally scrumptious. Refreshing too, with little bits of mango, yum! The creamy avocado dip was amazing.Sweet & Sour Chicken $ Cashew Spring Rolls - i pretty much always like spring rolls, but these were particularly good. Delicately fried and not too greasy. Wild Mushroom Risotto Cakes - Not a huge fan. The risotta was fine, but they had some sort of garnish/sauce on top that I found bitter. Braised Short Rtb Soft Tacos - I could eat these for the rest of my life and die happy. Chicken n' Waffles - What a bizarre and yet delicious combo! After the short rib tacos, these were my fav. The balsamic spiced maple syrup made for the perfect balance of savory and sweet!Moo Shu Chicken - Meh...I could take it or leave it. Kind of dry, and not all that exciting. Though the crepes it came with were pretty tasty!Yummy, yummy, yummy!We went here for brunch last weekend by recommendation and everything on the menu made my mouth water.  The grilled apple & brie quesadillas were delicious, and it took about everything I had to not order a dozen more of the sausage & gravy biscuit sliders and inhale them.It's tapas-style brunch, but none of us were in the mood to share.  We expressed that to our server, and each ordered our own dishes, but unfortunately that didn't stop him from bringing things out a few a time.  We also showed up starving, and the service was more leisurely than our stomachs could handle - just a warning.I will definitely return the next time I'm in NY, but will go in less hungry than last time, and will make sure everyone's in the mood to share, because I think it would have been more fun that way.Oh, and minus one star for the truck-stop filthy bathroom on the 3rd level of the restaurant - it was truly appalling.If you don't mind spending around $30 (or more depending on drinks) on brunch then you'll have one of the best brunch experiences in the city with phenomenal food and a beautiful atmosphere. The Staton Social is a big place with top notch decor and pretty good service. As far as brunch goes the menu consists of small plates (most of them meant for sharing), they're brought to your table continuously so nothing gets cold and you can pace your experience. Plan on getting a couple to share and a couple to selfishly keep to yourself (plates are around $6-12). Portions are small but that's so you can order more plates and try new things. The quality of the food is nearly perfect. Out of everything we tried the best and most memorable were the... -Pancakes (Caramelized Banana w/ candied pecans) ($8): these were tiny (think silver dollar pancakes) but were packed with flavor and were the fluffiest pancakes I've ever had. -Warm Donuts w/ caramel ($8): These were a pile of a few soft warm cinnamon and sugar donut holes served with a warm caramel dipping sauce -Sausage Biscuit and Gravy ($6): This was sadly another small portioned plate but was one of the only good biscuits and gravy I've yet to have in the city. The Stanton Social seemed to do everything right, if it was cheaper I'd be back here every other week but it's on the pricier side so I'll probably cut it down to a few times a year.I may have been mildly intoxicated with a cucumber martini when I licked the plate....  but the food is "lick your plate" delicious. true story. I need to dig up a photo... Anyhow... Menu: On the house caesar salad on bruchettaSpinach, goat cheese ravioliChicken and waffles Beef wellington Chicken egg rollyLamb soft tacos-- DELISHCucumber martiniMy fave was the chicken & waffles!!!!!Go for a party, where its ok to be loud, flash your camera at every single plate that arrives at your table and have a good time. Reservations? definitely recommended.I like a certain level of extravagance. Not all the time and not black tie, but I like dressing up a bit and indulging. Especially on special occasions and Stanton Social is a good place for this. Even as you walk in you get an instant impression of its vibe: cool, low-lit, trendy. To start, their specialty cocktails, served both in the cozy second floor bar-lounge and the high ceilinged first floor restaurant, are very well mixed and more varied than "this is our special margarita because we use [insert liquor here]."  When we were brought to our table (we scored one of the cozy circular booths) we were given a complimentary glass of champagne to begin our celebration, a very nice gesture.Food is served "family style," though I prefer to think of it as American-tapas. Family style always makes me think of large plates sitting in the middle of the table with large spoons dangling out of piles of pasta. These are small-plates with anywhere from 2 to 8 bites each. We shared the warm piquillo pepper bruschetta (2 servings), wild mushroom risotto cakes (3 servings), pulled chicken arepas (3 servings), short rib tacos (3 servings), yellowfin tuna sashimi (6 or 8 servings), and lobster rolls (1 per order). It seems like so much food, but the plates are quite small... small and delicious.Initially I had selected a bottle of bordeaux but they were sold out of it and we chose a rioja instead. Our waitress, who I'd like to add was just darling, commented that it was one of her favorite wines and that it was a better selection. Granted, this could be just something wait-staff is supposed to say but she wasn't wrong. This wine was delicious: spicy and just the right amount of dry. My fellow celebrant ordered a glass of ice wine at the end of our meal to go with our shared desserts of  warm donuts that come with dipping sauces (caramel, bittersweet chocolate, and raspberry) and the apple pie sundae (warm apple bites, pie crust crumbs, and cinnamon ice cream). I left feeling full, happy, and sated.The negatives? It's pretty loud in there. Granted, after a little you adjust to the noise level and start talking louder or get closer to your dining partners (depending on who you eat with this could be good or bad). Speaking of getting closer, it's also pretty crowded in here. We visited on a Wednesday night and it was busy, I can only imagine a Saturday night and a Sunday brunch. It is definitely on the trendy side if that sort of thing offends.Food: 3 starsScene: 5 starsWith over 450 reviews, I'm not sure what info I can add, but IMO, go here for a small bite and some drinks. The food wasn't stellar for a full meal, but the drinks were good as were the people and the vibe.This is my new favorite restaurant - serious bummer I live in California, or, that its in New York, or something like that!After tons of research before our trip I was pretty sure I was going to like this place, so made reservations for our first night in town (thank you OpenTable!). It was super busy and noisy but I liked the feeling of the place right off the bat. Our server was friendly, warm, on top of things, and amazingly good at hearing and being heard over the din.We started with drinks, and I loved my Manhattan Sidecar. Then, we preceded to order a slew of smaller dishes. We had phenomenal spinach, fresh and cooked to perfection and the absolutely amazing shrimp ceviche. The next round was the potato and goat cheese pierogis and stuffed piquedillo peppers. Again, the ingredients were all top notch and the flavors blended perfectly. It was all so so so good! Next we had the pizzetta which was just ok. Not bad, but not as orgasmic as the rest of the meal. Along with the meal I had a delicious red - I liked the wine list a lot.Dessert was equally fantastic. We couldnt resist the chocolate sampler but I had also heard plenty about the warm donuts so we ordered both. The sampler was good - especially the spicy chocolate ice cream, but what stole the show was indeed the donuts with dipping sauces. I have been craving them ever since! I also had a dessert drink - eggnog with rum. It was really good, but I should have known better than to order such a heavy drink at the end of a binge-fest along with dessert!You can bet we will be going here again!A fantastic restaurant that I would easily award 4 1/2 stars if I could.  Unfortunately, the service was just 'acceptable' - so I decided to round down instead of rounding up.  The food here is fun and slightly quirky.  I recommend 1) the pumpkin and goat cheese dish, 2) the kobe beef slider, 3) the lobster roll, 4) the mac & cheese with chorizo, 5) and the french onion dumpling (like 90% of the other reviewers on here).  The atmosphere inside is very cool.  I especially like: the wall of wine bottles running against the back wall; the silver/chrome framed mirrors running along the walls; and... well, really the whole place is awesome.This place is super trendy (almost obnoxiously so) but I loved it anyway. I would definitely recommend going in a group of 4-6 to make the 'family style' portions more worthwhile. The best dish of the night were definitely the french onion soup dumplings. I'm not even sure how that works just that we had to order seconds because it was that warm and amazing. A close second would be the peirogies tied with the red snapper tacos. Another great thing about this place is you can't really find certain items (like the aforementioned dumplings) anywhere else. They are definitely being innovative in their fusion and trying new things to much success.The drinks here are a little over-priced though at $13/14 a drink. It's not exactly worth it for me but the great food and fantastic presentation totally are. It's obviously a popular place so don't forget to make a reservation especially for the large groups that make it more fun.Socially Delish! Came here with another Mrs. T on a weeknight. We got here at 6:15 and it was empty which was lovely because we got to enjoy the serene ambiance. Hard to see dim lighting and candles is the setting. We got a booth at the back of the restaurant which gave a 180 degree awesome view of the restaurant. The downside of being seated of this this booth was being close to the only restroom which happens to be unisex, eeww. We ordered way much tapas for just two people! The tapas summary: -potato and goat cheese perogies, very delish. If u love cheese get this, goat cheese is very creamy fill. This is a must try. -french onion soup dumplings, as the other yelpers noted, this is overrated. The other Mrs. T liked the crouton better that came with the dumpling. The dumpling was delish, good amount of onions in a bite size dumpling. The melted cheese that coated the top was very stiff, chewy texture and no longer warm as we ate it. The idea of a soup dumpling may sound creative, but the soup is better being served in a bowl. -Crab corn dogs: delish. This concept I like, crab meat in a corn dog. -Kobe beef burger: very good, meat is very tender. This burger is not a must have, even if it is Kobe beef, not worth the $7 per slider. -Chicken n waffles: this was good, but forgettable. There are four pieces. This one was also a not must have. -Mac n cheese with chorizo, "can I have some more, sir?!" There was a top layer of panko bread crumbs that were sprinkled generously all over mac and cheese in mini little pan. The panko bread crumbs and chorizo gave this mac and cheese a more unique twist. This was our favorite as it was the winner. -dessert: the chocolate tasting. It came with chocolate ice cream, mini peppermint patties, chocolate mousse, mini oreos, and panna cotta. Ice cream, peppermint patties, are oreos are very delish for that chocolate addict. The mousse is good, had that bittersweet flavor. The panna cotta looked like it had chocolate flavor but it did not taste like chocolate and had a lemon flavor to it. We enjoyed our evening here. Service here is attentive. Plates cleared right away and provide new plates for you after receiving new tapas. The one little mishap was the waitress spilled hot water from our teacups as she was setting down. She was very apologetic. The wait staff cleaned it up right away. The serene atmosphere turned into a loud and lively social event. The music is blasting into your ears over you from the hanging speakers. Where I was sitting, my ears were protected under the overhead that housed the loft like bar area. It wasn't til I was walking through the restaurant that I felt I was in a concert. You have to shout at the person sitting next to you. As we left, the long line for the bathroom was similar to the long line at the DMV. As noted earlier, only one restroom for all. Me thinks they should invest in separate restrooms that have at least two stalls. They are making lots of $$$ off the $7/sliders and $13/cocktail. I would come here again to have a socially good time and try other tapas. This place is great with a group of friends. Come very early if you and your date want to talk in an intimate setting and enjoy the place to yourselves. And there would be no line to use the restroom.I went here last year with my boyfriend and it was OK not the best, not the worst.  We first got there around 7:30pm and found that we couldn't be seated until 10:30pm so we put our names down and headed to a local bar (which by the way was so much fun).  We came back at 10:30pm and we were seated at a table for two which are quite closely packed together with other two's.  It was loud, bustling with lots of people and the lighting was dim and romantic.  OK so all sounds great, its a tapas restaurant which is good but can get expensive, especially if you want to try a lot of different things.  The food was unmemorable, but this is where our night was the best ever.  We met this women who were visiting NYC from California (they were right next to us) we chatted with them, exchange stories, the usual conversing.  Well this is where it gets good.  We both finished at the same time and the one woman paid for our dinner.  It was the nicest thing ever and this would only happen never in NYC.  But that was the best gift ever and the best reason for me going to the Stanton Social.  Will I be back, you ask?  Nah, too many other restaurants to try and the food wasn't impressive.Hey this is a lesson that you should always be friendly to people because you never know what nice gesture they may do for you.  Or vice versa.It would be 5 stars except for the excruciating clientele.  I adore just about everything I have tried here. The only thing that was kinda blah was the meatball. Pierogies and French onion soup dumplings are stand outs. Pizzetta also delicious. I can't go too much into detail or I'll have to mosey on back over for a meal.  Whoever suggested checking out the scene at the bar was insane, the "scene" at the bar is atrocious people in stupid outfits saying really lame things.    Just put your blinders on and scarf the items down. Skip the overpriced cocktails and your tab won't be too painful. Hit the Skinny bar around the corner for cheap happy hour before you go instead.So i know this place does not need another review but here goes nothin.  Want to give this place four stars but cant do it, although its a nice spot and good for a date, the portions are just way too small and the service although pleasant was lacking.The food was creative and tasty but not mind blowing, best thing were the perogies but really cause they had creme freiche truffle oil and carmalized onions cant go wrong there.  Stick with the dishes everyone suggests snapper tacos(although tiny) and whats with the three per order.  This is not the only place guilty of this, you know that the tables will likely be 2,4 or six people so who gets the extra piece? french onion dumplings very good and tuna sashimi very good.  crab cake corn dogs were good but was expecting better, for dessert get the red velvet twinkies BANGIN. So come but just dont be too hungry or get ready to spend some serious dime on tapas.Recently visited with a group of five girls, and I should mention first-off that our server was excellent! I had read reviews that said people felt rushed or forced out, and that was not at all the case.  We even had someone join late (halfway through the meal) and our server added a chair and ensured that she was taken care of.Everything came out in a timely fashion and while there were no real disappointments, we did have some favorites - pierogies, mac and cheese, and the kobe beef slider. The onion soup dumplings we received were way too salty, but I've heard they are delicious so I'd be willing to give them another try.I would not recommend it for a date / romantic spot as it's pretty loud, dark, and the tables are very close together, but it definitely suited our "girls night out" purpose.I really liked it but be prepared for a wait if you don't have reservations and small expensive portions.  Swanky little place with low lights and lots of candles.     I HIGHLY recommend the cucumber vanilla martini, Fabulous.  It may sound weird but it very refreshing and goes down easily, almost too easily.  The food was good as well.  We tried a sampling of several things including: the Red Snapper Tacos (tasted strangely like boudin to me), Apple and Brie Quesadillas (by far my favorite), Sauteed Spinach with garlic (very good), Wild Mushroom Risotto Cakes (slap your momma good), Pulled Pork Sliders (just ok), Herb Dusted Frites (basic french fries) and finally Shrimp Cocktail (or as I liked to call - shrimp on steroids!  they were huge).Unfortunately I didn't try the desert but am definitely open to going back and giving it a whirl.Stanton Social is a fun tapas place to go with a group of friends on a night out and is very trendy, a bit too much so for my tastes. The vibe is very lively, although with that comes a significantly loud noise level that I did not particularly enjoy.The food however, is the important thing, and I enjoyed a select number of dishes we ordered, particularly the potato & goat cheese pierogies and red snapper tacos - both delicious. Each small place is about $10 - $15, which I actually think is relatively decent for NYC tapas restaurant prices (which are never cheap to begin with). I was in a party of three and the waiter recommended we order 6-8 dishes, but we found 5 to be more than sufficient. I would recommend ordering less and adding more later on if need be. Here's short and sweet review of the dishes we ordered:Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies - AMAZINGRed Snapper Tacos - GREATRhode Island Style Lobster Roll - NOT GOODButternut Squash & Sweet Potato Ravioli - NOT GOODSocial Mac & Cheese - AVERAGEVegetarians: unfortunately the French onion soup dumplings are made with a veal broth so, I couldn't try them, but I don't really feel like I missed out on anything life changing.This is my favorite tapas spot in the city. I am an extremely picky eater, but I loved almost everything I tried here. And the items I didn't love, my friends did. If you don't have a rezzy you can try the bar area upstairs. Just sit at the bar or one of the couches it's first come first serve.The Smoked Duck & Baby Kale Salad is one of the best salads I've ever had. The Spaghettini Carbonara is yummers. Braised Short Rib Soft Tacos were ridiculous. The Chicken n Waffles were just ok, but better than Cafeteria's.The corndog was much better than Tribeca CanvasApparently they are known for their Sliders but they seemed overpriced so we didn't get them, but I don't even think you need to. The only thing here I wouldn't recommend is the grilled cheese shop Little Muenster across the street.This place is truly awesome. Order a bunch of different "tapas" style dishes and try one of each. If there's 5 pieces and only 4 people I'm the guy that eats two of each. I simple don't give a damn what the other three think. Sometimes you gotta do it. Just go for it and don't worry about the consequences.So what if they find out anyway... I'll have already eaten 2 pieces and they each only had one. You could say i am doubly better off. All of the plates are crazy delicious and the atmosphere and presentation is in a way that makes you feel like you belong there. Go for it.my poor friend Cerise had the duty of selecting 5 restaurants from which i would choose where I'd dine on my 30th birthday.  No pressure, i mean she's not looking for a job or anything, so she has plenty of spare time, she probably just sits and east magnolia cupcakes & shops all day.  she tried to sway me so she could check out somewhere new but one look at the menu and my date with destiny was sealed.....Stanton Social...here I come.  The bubbly was prompt and my glass was never ever empty, our waiter put up with me on my birthday, you can all imagine how much obnoxiously witty banter was flowing out as the champagne flowed in.    I had been drooling over the menu for 3 weeks so i knew what i wanted immediately.  it was time to get dirty on my 30.  3 of us shared 9 dishes and a "chocolate 4 ways" dessert that left me so damn happy.  I was looking forward to the chicken & waffles with a balsamic spiked maple syrup, i was worried I'd hyped it too much in my head, but i swear that chicken did a special little dance on my tongue, i should have taken an order home for breakfast!  The rest of the dishes came at a nice pace and each topped the next.  You'd have to come a few times to experience the menu in it;s entirety but here are the ones "we" (please, like i let anyone else order) selected for our virgin voyage:chicken and waffles... of courseGrilled apple & brie quesadillaMaine Crab Corndogs... you know i love me some corndogsHudson Valley Foie Gras... don't tell my mother, Potato & Goat Cheese Perogi with caramelized onions & creme fraiche - ...this is a must.Basil & Ricotta meatballsButternut Squash & Sweet Potato Ravioli....this one was just alrightCharred Squid Lettuce wraps with miso mayothe digs are loud, but that never really bothers me, but one bathroom for the entire establishment seems silly.  And the joint was packed, not an empty seat did i see all night & we got there at 9 on a Monday!  Regardless, I've got another reason to come to new york....besides Cerise & her cupcakes.The key to Stanton Social is PICKING THE RIGHT ITEMS ON THE MENU. I cannot stress this enough. You can go there and have an awesome dining experience or it can be totally forgettable.In general, with its slick but warm atmosphere - Stanton Social has truly evolved since its Sex and the City days (where it was too sceney, B&T, full of uptowners making their one bold trek to the LES... and the food suffered) to a more seasoned (menu), neighborhood friendly, and unpretentious, place that I enjoy visiting for some of my favorite small plates.Some dishes are fantastic, some are delicious - it is hit or miss, but prices ($6 to $21) range from reasonable to not and as long as you choose wisely, you will have a great time.Stand-Outs:French Onion Soup Dumplings (must order)Apple & Brie QuesadillaChicken & WafflesGrilled cheese (and burger) slidersOysters Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies Chipotle Grilled ShrimpMushroom Risotto CakesSugar donut dessert (yumm!)Hit or Miss (depending on the night, in my experience):Crabcake Corndogs (these seem to be either really good or horrible)Raw seafood items - yellowtail sashimi, tuna tartar rollChicken & Cashew Spring RollsRed Snapper Tacos (one time our favorite, another time yuck)Do not order:Bruschetta (unimpressive, soggy)Wood Grilled Pizzetta (soggy crust, horrible)Beef Wellington (nearly inedible both times I ordered it)Foie Gras  PB&J (does NOT translate well, interesting concept)Zucchini Tempura (too much breading, not enough crisp)Duck Confit Empanadas (small and unimagined)Sea Bass Satays (EEK, teriyaki overload, unbearable sauce!)Crispy Oysters Rockefeller (not a good Rock oyster)Short Rib Tacos (not, not good...)Hope this helps! Order wisely friends :)I'm sad to give this place 3 stars (I would give it 3.5 if I could), but alas, my boyfriend and I weren't that impressed with our dinner here.First off, the place has kind of a smell when you walk in (which I would later discover why). Besides that, though, the place is gorgeous! It has a very cool vibe: modern, sleek, and sexy. It's a great place to get a little dressed up for and go out with girlfriends or a date. The music is definitely loud, though, so it doesn't really promote intimate conversation.Once we were sat, our waitress explained that we should order 2-3 dishes for each of us, and she recommended a few things. Based on other yelp reviews, we had a few in mind anyway.We ordered the goat cheese pirogies (the best dish of the night), the red snapper tacos (also really good), the French onion soup dumplings (disgusting), the Kobe beef sliders (pretty good, but a little disappointing), and the Thai-spiced baby back ribs (excellent).The French onion soup dumplings kind of ruined the night, and we were so excited for them after seeing "The Best Thing I Ever Ate." That smell I was talking about earlier is thanks to these guys, which are covered in VERY stinky cheese. The couple next to us literally started gagging and make faces when the dish arrived at our table, and I apologized to them because it was bad even for me! Despite the smell, I still wanted to eat them because I love French onion soup. They were too hot, so each one was kind of a struggle to eat with the hot soup exploding in your mouth. And the flavor tasted so strongly like alcohol, I had a hard time even swallowing. Honestly, I couldn't believe how bad they were. We didn't even want to finish them, which is not something we've ever done in a tapas restaurant before.I would want to go back to try some other things on the menu that sounded good, but with so many good restaurants in New York, it's hard to justify returning to a place where you had a mediocre experience. I would say try it, but avoid the French onion soup dumplings. The menu is very extensive, so you can find some other great options, I'm sure!I Dont know what possessed my older sister to decide to come here on a saturday night WITHOUT  reservation- and yet convince me and other parties we were with, that it would be A-ok. As I write this still slightly hungover yet trying to improve my yelpisms, The Stanton Social was the first stop in our very epic night last night. So, Boyfriend and I walk in about 8pm hoping to meet older sis and others, only to find out they were late and were heading over. Pissed because we didnt have a reservation the obnoxious host, who was wearing a dress 2 sizes too small mockingly informed me that the wait would be 2.5 hours for a table. I realize the idea was stupid, ms.hostess, but dont need to be so mean about it!DONT COME HERE WITHOUT A RESERVATION!We decided to venture upstairs to the loungey area where there is a section where there is no need to make a reservation, so people can mingle and eat. We arrive and its super packed (expected). We walk over to loungey area and waitress wearing shape-up like shoes told us that while the lounge area isnt reservation required- the WHOLE lounge was reserved for a party, except for ONE table. So we put name on waiting list and hang out.Great. I got a drink called strawberry fields, that was ok. Ambiance was nice, there was a bunch of trendy people- cool. Finally the rest of our party arrives and I inform sister the situation. She walks over to sketcher girl and comes back saying " we got a table". woo! I guess she has more magical powers than I do. We sit and begin to order more drinks, ( I'm on drink 3 at this time) and order food. This was my first time at the stanton, so I did research and was prepared to order the typical "popular" dishes. Waitress was attentive and super friendly in the BEGINNING. The food arrived rather quickly ( good for me as I was starving).we had the following:The kobe beef burger sider- YUMMMYYYY Maryland Jumbo Crabcake Corn dogs- This wasnt my favorite. The corn dog tasted like it was lathered in cooking oil *blegh*Red Snapper tacos- as good as everyone says!French onion soup dumpling- why is it called a soup dumpling if it wasnt in soup? How did everyone disregard the smell? I know it has Onion in the name but it smelled like cheetos and old feet. Nevertheless I ate it because everyone RAVED about it. It was ok, but not as delectable as i had imagined it would be. We also had some spring roll thing- it was good.chipotle shrimp- TO. DIE. FOR. Potato Ravioli- Gooddonuts- warm little munchkins of goodnessAnd some other things I cant remember. Overall the food was good, But most of the really popular dishes disappointed me. It must have been around 1030/11 pm and within 40 mins all the food was consumed. Considering I havent eaten anything all day, The amount of food we consumed at the stanton left me pretty full.It became insanely busy, and maybe thats why our waitress had forgotten about us? We were ready for more drinks, and finding the waitress or summoning her was incredibly difficult. The lounge was SO loud. Conversation was near impossible! That could also be because the over the top stevie nicks/madonna/ montell jordan that was blasting on the speakers or someones 36th birthday party was happening behind us...Waitress came FINALLY after one of us had to physically get up and find her, we ordered final round of drinks. First stop of the night, with drinks and food for 3 people= $400 dollars.Wishing we had a reservation and perhaps getting better service and steering clear of the rowdy party group/music?= priceless.For everything else theres- other places.  a-ok for a first time experience.If you see a penny on the street do you pick it up? A nickel? A dime? A quarter? Is the risk of touching spare change covered in boogers and dog poop worth the addition of 5 cents to your net worth? If yes then this ain't the place for you.Do you like to eat in a sexy place that makes you seem cool? The kind of place that should (but doesn't) blast LMFAOs Sexy and I know It on repeat. If yes then this place is for you. You'll eat some things that taste good (red snapper tacos and warm doughnuts for me). You'll eat some things that are 'eh'. Then you'll get a bill for about $50 a person (without drinks). At that point you'll either get all grumpy and crotchety like an old person at the pharmacy or continue on in your new lafreaks.Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, yeah.I loved almost everything here.  I had the onion soup dumplings, the carbonera, the oysters, the beef wellington and the smores creme brulle.  I LOVED THE OYSTERS.  They were perfection.  Shucked perfectly and the different sauces were truly amazing. The onion soup dumplings were fun and delicious.  I was scared of the Carbonera at first but enjoyed every single bite of my share.The smores creme brulle was orgasmic to say the least. The taste and display of all these dishes were nothing short of a masterpiece.Now to the problem.  Beef Wellington.  OMG HORRIBLE.  I was so sad because it was my most anticipated plate.  It tasted like someone poured lighter fluid all over it.  I didn't want to be a bum and complain.  I had 4 of my friends taste it and they concurred with it tasting off.  Overall an awesome tapas type restaurant just don't order the wellington!Can't wait to try the chef's other location.Went here for the first time the other night and had the following:Perogis/goat cheese and onionsSpinach saladFish tacosOystersAll were INCREDIBLE.The wait was about an hour -- on a Sunday at 9 pm.  So make reservations if you can.  It's a bit over priced for such small plates.  And I gave it 4 stars b/c the staff was a bit jumpy and rushed us out.  The worst part about the place was the god awful music which was really too loud.  Gotta say, though, the food was incredible.  I wanted the dessert menu to be better.I ate here last week with the girl I've been seeing and another couple and we were duly impressed with Stanton Social. The rooms (both upstairs and downstairs) are beautiful, crowded and well stocked with a good looking, well-heeled crowd. I was only slightly disappointed that we didn't get to sit upstairs in their front room which boasts these gorgeous painted glass panels which are featured on their website. As it was, we had a spacious banquette on the main floor and had both a lovely view of the room and easy access to the front door so that I could sneak out for a smoke as needed.It is a shared menu (which I happen to love) and my friends and I ordered:Sweet & Sour Chicken & Cashew Spring Rolls (EXCELLENT!)Maine Crab cake 'Corn Dogs' (EXCELLENT!)Kumamoto oysters (I don't do "raw" but my friends loved them)We also ordered two each of the following sliders:Kobe Beef Burgers BBQ Pulled Pork SandwichesRhode Island Style Lobster Rolls ...all of which were excellent but my favorite was the Pork. It was cooked and shredded to tender perfection in an absolutely delicious sweet and tangy BBQ sauce. The Kobe burgers were fantastic texture-wise but I have an extreme aversion to mustard and failed to see that these little burgers came dressed with that particular condiment.We paired the sliders (which were effectively the second round of appetizers) with a bowl of Essex Street Pickles from "the pickle guy"  which were good and their Herb Dusted Frites with Chili Mayo which were the most delicious french fries I'd had in quite some time.For "entrees" we ordered their Fish & Chips which were served as individual portions of perfectly battered whitefish, affixed via tooth-pick atop what I would consider an expertly seasoned tater tot. These were good but were overshadowed by their Beef Wellington which was as good as any I've had anywhere. Grilled filet mignon with foie gras mousse and mushroom duxelles, wrapped in puff pastry. Heavenly!For dessert we had their "Warm Doughnuts" which were outstanding! Fresh from the fryer, round and dusted with granulated sugar, they would have been delicious enough on their own but they came paired with a raspberry puree, chocolate and caramel dipping sauces. The caramel was unreal!Yes this place is expensive and yes it is crowded. Make a reservation or be prepared to post up at the bar for an hour before being seated. Looking forward to going back on my next trip to NYC!Good food but why does the music have to be sooooo loud?!?  Maybe it's because we went at 9pm?  and the tables are way too close..but I guess that's New York.  Food is served tapas style and our server recommended 2-3 per person.  We ended up ordering 5 per person because the portions are tiny and my boyfriend and I eat massive amounts.Recommended dishes:-Kobe Beef Sliders-Nori Spiced Tuna Tartare-Social Mac & Cheese-Lobster Roll-Crabcake Corn Dog (although my boyfriend wasn't a fan of this)I would go back again but not on the top of my list.  I'm interested in trying their brunch.Went to dinner here on a weeknight and had the most amazing meal!   This is what we ordered: French Onion Soup Dumplings - just order them, like every other review tells you too Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies - the pierogies and the sauce that came with it was amazingRed Snapper Tacos - i am a vegetarian, but was told that these were very goodGrilled Apple & Brie Quesadilla (without bacon) - amazing!  it is very sweet so it can be a dessert too.  They brought this out last for us so it was perfect!Wild Mushroom Risotto Cakes - this was the worst thing that we had, it was pretty blandThe service was great - the waitress was very nice and we got seated in the booth all the way in the back so it was nice and quiet.  Can't wait to go back!The right way to do American tapas. It's super swanky and it gets crowded, so make a reservation if you want to get seated. The clientele are older people who want to act young, and the music is a bit too loud. But once you get over all these things, the food is a bit mind blowing, for they do a lot of new takes on familiar dishes. Things to get: French onion soup dumplings, potato and goat cheese pierogies with truffle creme fraicheI really liked this place and it was really hyped up for me both food and drink hype and it lived up to the hype. We had fos dumplings which is what first made me aware of this place and they truly were awesome. Also arepas served in bite size portions clams and snapper tacos which were also both delicious. We stuck with simple drinks but apparently they're specialty drinks are pretty interesting as well. We got there just as the doors were opening on a Tuesday literally the first customers so we really got a good look at the place. We went upstairs as well and sat at the bar.  The bartender was very nice and accommodating as well. I will definitely be back when I'm on the LES.Undersized, oversalted food.  Overpriced, overrated, overall.  I can imagine this place to be quite popular with a bunch of tourists hopping off a Sex and the City tour bus.  Atmosphere isn't bad.  Typical cheesy LES lounge feel.  Service is actually quite good--we were seated on time and our waiter took good care of us.Food was uniformly poorly executed.  A confusing array of flavors, kind of like eating at a miniaturized casino buffet where your plate carries this unholy mess of Italian, Mexican, and Chinese cuisine, and you garnish the entire thing with a few random pieces of sushi.  A few notable failures:-Caesar salad amuse bouche.  A tiny Caesar salad plopped on top of a crouton.  Boringly familiar flavors and texture--because it's just a tiny Caesar salad plopped on top of a crouton.-Goat cheese pierogies. Goat cheese was too mild and you were basically using the flavorless pierogie as a vehicle to deliver the truffle creme fraiche down your throat.-Wasabi pea crusted salmon. Weird concept. Overwhelmingly crunchy and salty crust completely dominated the flavor of the fish.  Barely edible.-Kobe beef sliders. Likewise way too salty.-Doughnuts and cookies. Sickly sweet.  You could probably kill three diabetic patrons with one cookie.Will not be (voluntarily) back.This place is great!I first came here for a small birthday dinner after a good friend recomended it to me.  There were 5 of us and we each picked 2 things off the menu and made sure there was no overlap so we could try a lot of different things. I love that the menu is all tasting dishes so you really get to try all types of different things.  You're able to satisfy all of your cravings!After a great experience, I returned with 3 other girls for brunch this past weekend.  Again we tried a wide array of items off the menu.  Everything was so delicious.  I remember how quiet all of us were everytime food came to the table because we couldn't wait to try whatever was being served.The drinks here are great.  Their cocktail menu has something for everyone.I particularly favor the strawberry feilds which is vodka and mudled strawberries topped with prosecco.All the dishes I've tried:Potato & Goat Cheese PierogiesFrench Onion Soup Dumplings Beef CarpaccioRed Snapper Tacos Hand Pulled Chicken Arepas  Grilled Apple & Brie QuesadillaSpicy Lamb Souvlakis 'Kobe Philly' Old School Meatballs Grilled Ovendried Tomato Pizzetta 'Chicken n' Waffles'Warm Doughnuts with chocolateCroque Monsieur 'Satays' Armando's Chilaquiles Herb dusted Frites with red chile mayo Armando's Huevos Rancheros Soft TacosKeep in mind - I've only been here twice.  When you get to rder all these different things, it really works out to your advantage.  I can never decide between two or three items and whchever I pick, satisfies, but I'm always left wanting more.  This place satisfies all around! (And, as my one friend pointed out, everyone that works there is seriously good looking.)The drink and wine selection are excellent. I split a social tea, a bottle of Pinot noir, and French onion soup dumplings with a friend. It's fairly expensive, but great for those YOLO nights where you need to ball out and feel pampered.Excellent brunch spot!  Chocolate pancakes with bittersweet orange maple syrup.  Frittata with goat cheese. Kobe beef sliders medium rare.  Mac n cheese with creamy cheese.  Pomegranate peach bellinis.I really enjoyed the food at Stanton Social - quality was good, and portions were served to be shared (tapas style).  The restaurant is also beautiful.  I cant wait to come back (for brunch or dinner), because there's so much more on the menu that I'd love to try.I came here for dinner with a few friends visiting from out of town.  We sat upstairs in the lounge, which had couches and tiny low tables.  Cool atmosphere, but it was kind of hard to eat because the tables were so small that once a plate of food arrived, there wasn't much space for our own individual small plates.  We ended up eating with the plates on our laps.I love restaurants with small plates because you get to try a little bit of everything.  The french onion soup dumplings were an interesting take on  a popular soup.  The dumplings were filled with onions and a little beef broth, so the "soup" was inside, then smothered with a stinky melted cheese.  It was pretty good, but I'd have preferred a little more liquid, which is what I imagine when I see the word soup on the title of the dish.The next few dishes we had were all pretty good too, and combined sweet and salty flavors that complemented each other well.  There were the quesedillas with apples, brie, bacon bits and a sweet mustard sauce, the grilled pizzete with apple-chicken sausage and grilled peaches, and the chicken and waffles with balsamic maple syrup, which all had interesting flavors.  They definitely get high points for the creativity of their dishes!For dessert we shared the molten smores cake and the chocolate tasting.  The smores cake was ok, basically like a molten chocolate cake with melted marshmallow in the middle instead of hot chocolate sauce.  But it wasn't the best.  The cake itself was very dense and it just wasn't very special or memorable.  The presentation was cute, it came with a graham cracker stuck in it and was served with a tiny glass of milk.The chocolate tasting was exceptionally decadent.  We had a chocolate mouse, chocolate panna cotta, truffles with a deliciously crunchy outer shell, lemon curd brownie, peppermint patties, and chocolate ice cream with crunchy cookie crumbs on the bottom.  For the most part they were pretty good and weren't too sweet, which I liked.  I wasn't a huge fan of the mousse but I loved the ice cream and everything else was pretty good, but there was just so much food on the plate.  I recommend splitting this one between at least 4 people.It's ok.  Food is tasty but value proposition is off.  We got about 13 or 14 dishes between 7 people, paid about $50pp, and we weren't totally satisfied.(Non comprehensive list)Winners: potato & goat cheese pierogies, mac & cheese, french onion soup dumplings, french friesUnmemorable: Chilean sea bass skewers, pumpkin & goat cheese croquettes, short rib tacos, the saladsLosers: lobster roll (tasteless), smores cakeDrinks are good.  My "Social Tea" managed to be alcoholic but tasty and refreshing at the same time.  We ended with celebratory birthday Alcoholic Milkshake shots which were delicious - you could taste just the vanilla ice cream & the caramel and none of the whiskey.Music is a little too loud for conversation.  Service is only ok.  Now that I've tried over half their menu, I doubt I'll come again.Three of us came here on an empty Tuesday- well it was empty when we arrived at 7:15. When we left at 10:00 it was packed with people as well as a packed bar.Everything we got was delicious, every time they brought something else I was so excited to eat it. Here is my list of favorites- in this order:Stone-ground Blue Corn Crabcake 'Corn Dogs' French Onion Soup Dumpling Desert DonutsRed Snapper Tacos Butter Poached Lobster Pizzetta Sweet & Sour Chicken & Cashew Spring Rolls I have never had a corn dog in my entire life but this was semi-heaven. I wanted like 4 more! Our drinks were also pretty fantastic. I would love to come here with a large group 5+ and order everything on the menu so I could taste the array of other delicious things! Can't wait to come back!I am giving this place five stars on the fun I had here and the high quality of the food. There are certainly better places out there but I had a great experience when I went here. Firstly, my and my dining partner arrived on a Friday night (8:00 PM) and snagged the only open table in the place without a reservation (our reservation was for 11:30 PM).Pros:The food wassmall and shared plate experience. The food here was of very high quality and the wait staff was able to, for the large part, time the dishes coming out of the kitchen so when we were done with one dish the next was ready. This was true with all except the last dish (Fried Chicken and Waffles) so that was slightly cold when we started eating it. I really enjoyed the Octopus and Chorizo dish, surprising since I do not really like seafood. The other great dishes we had were the Kobe beef phillys and grilled cheese sandwiches (spicy!). The drinks coming from the bar were very strong but not overly strong, so basically pretty perfect. The donuts we had for dessert were fresh and hot and plentiful, I found it a challenge to get through 2 of them, that's how rich they are!. Overall I really liked this place and would love to go back.Cons:The seating was slightly cramped with me in a booth with a long shared bench with people to my left and right. We had to shift the table to get in and out, that's how cramped these seats were. Also the tables could be made smaller so as to make a bigger aisle for the comfort of the person who is sitting in the seat. My dining partner was constantly being bumped into and it is a problem that could easily be solved. There's only one shared bathroom in the lower dining room so there can be a wait. We were also surrounded by some lame people (one couple feeding each other) and one couple about to get into a fight over the guy playing on his phone all night and looking at the other ladies in the establishment.So if those cons do not scare you off you will most likely have a wonderful dining experience like I did.Monday nights at Stanton Social are HOTNESS!!!  Great looking primarily industry crowd with a high quotient of celebrities and models.  Start with dinner downstairs where you get to sample a lot of different and positively delectable tapas.  Definitely save room for the warm doughnuts.  You'll get a batch of piping hot, sugar dusted doughnuts with three dipping sauces.  The caramel is my favorite!The drinks are also good, especially the strawberry fields.  The bartenders are highly skilled but also pretty laid back, so if you really want something that tastes like elderflower, but you aren't sure what to pair it with, chances are they will produce just the right combo for a tasty and satisfying concoction.After dinner, head upstairs to the lounge for some dancing.  Bottles, great music and a friendly, interesting and very good looking crowd beckon.Around 1 or 2, the whole crowd generally starts heading towards whatever the new Monday night spot is.I love you Stanton Social.  It does get noisy and sometimes you have to wait for your table which can be kind of annoying - but that's NYC. I would suggest you always go with 3-4 people. First off, if there's too many people it can get complicated because most of the small plates have 4-5 pieces. Also, I went once with my BF and the tables for 2 suck - you are literally smashed up against the other tables and forget about privacy.But forget about that - on to the food. The food is so fun and delicious.The only dishes I've ever had that was underwhelming were the Meatballs and theThe Red Velvet 'Twinkie'. Other than that - amazing!Here's some of my and my friends faves:Potato & Goat Cheese PierogiesFrench Onion Soup Dumplings Hand Pulled Chicken ArepasGrilled apple & brie QuesadillaBarbeque Duck Confit  & Black Bean Empanadas 'Chicken n' Waffles'In the fall they have a butternut squash ravioli which is great. I will admit that a lot (but not all) of the food does tend to lean towards the sweeter side. Just an FYI.Desserts:Warm DoughnutsWent here on Thursday night after meaning to go for awhile.  I was a bit hesitant because I had heard it was basically an overrated scene which I no longer believe after dining here.  The food was really good!  Of course we had to try the French Onion Soup Dumplings which were sick.  I can't say they were better than the soup dumplings at Joe's Shanghai but they were very good.  Herb dusted frites were awesome especially with the aioli.  The drinks were enjoyable as well.  The Strawberry Fields was definitely a standout to me.  Dessert was definitely my favorite part of the meal.  The donuts were orgasmic.The food is very good.  The tables are a too close and it seems like some people who come here a lot have an attitude but I'll definitely be back.Horrible dining experience. Worst wait staff we have ever experienced. So rude. Our group of 8 will not be returning.Can't wait to get back and try everything else on the brunch menu. 'Tis true, service and decor are top-notch, but the food, while creative and tasty, is just not as sensational as the setting. The concept, brunch tapas, is beyond fabulous. While there is great overspending potential, we exercised restraint, passed on the $10 bloody Marys, and were fully sated for $23 per person for four of us. Hidden gem alert: The kitchen is open Sun-Wed until 2 a.m. and Thu-Sat until 3 a.m.!Amazing food at The Stanton Social!  This restaurant in the Lower East Side is a great place for happy hour or an intimate gathering or even with a group of friends!  The atmosphere is so sexy and the food is delicious!  There wasn't a dish we ordered that I didn't like.  The Stanton Social serves up small dishes so you can share everything (or not).  My favorites:- French Onion Soup Dumplings - Yes, DUMPLINGS!- Potato and Goat Cheese Pierogies with Truffle Creme Fraiche- Wild Mushroom Risotto Cakes- Seared Hudson Valley Foie Gras- Skillet Roasted Brussel Sprouts - Warm Donuts They also serve a large selection of drinks with only top shelf liquors.  My kind of restaurant!  I will definitely be back.Very poor experience. We had reservations but waited over 1:30 to be seated. The manager was very rude to our group for no reason. We were seated right next to the door (during the winter) and coat area, which was really bad. People kept coming in and out and we ended up having to wear coats during dinner.  The manager would not care about our discomfort.   Food was good, but way overpriced for what it is.  We had several small dishes and some were undercooked or cold by the time they arrived.  Drinks took way too long to arrive.  Glasses were all dirty.  Waiter tried to be friendly, but was very slow and the manager had already ruined it for our group.  Manager tried to force us to pay 20% gratuity, but we refused and he removed it from the bill.Not going back.I'm a big tapas fan and a fan of "American cuisine". So combining the two made it a nice night for me and Armin L. to share a bunch of little dishes and taste as much as our wallet could afford. The selection of East & West Coast Oysters was really good and they leave the lemon on the sides to add at your discretion. The tartar was a nice consistency and not too fish but I've had better. My favorite part of the meal was the warm doughnut dessert with its multiple dipping sauces.There are just so many tapas to choose from that I would suggest going back more than once..or you can go in a huge group and try to order all you can.I was in NYC for New Year's Eve visiting a friend  who is a big time foodie and a personal chef so our group of 12+/- let her pick the place which ended up being Stanton Social in the Lower East Side. The New Year's Eve deal was unlimited food and Chandon for $125 per person. I never understood what "unlimited" meant until that night. The waiters brought platter after platter after platter of food!!! French onion soup dumplings, red snapper tacos, grilled ovendried tomato pizzetta, barbecue duck confit with black bean empanadas, Kobe beef sliders, warm sugar coated donuts with caramel and all the champagne you could drink. I ate...and drank...SO much...I had trouble walking upstairs to the lounge area for the party! Considering the mayhem and chaos on a night like NYE, everything came out on time, prepared to near perfection and service was outstanding!I didn't expect to like this place... but not only was the restaurant gorgeous, but the service, food, and entire experience were just so enjoyable! It's ideal for groups looking for a trendy (but not obnoxious) meal. Extremely convenient location if you are looking to stay in the LES.Came for a friends birthday dinner with a party of 8. When the majority of us were running late, the staff had no problems changing the reservation time at the last minute. They were extremely accommodating and gave us no attitude when we brought in a pie from Billy's Bakery to serve as dessert (there is a plating fee). We were seated upstairs in a very nice long table/booth. Dark, loud, but really quite swanky without being tacky, it was the perfect atmosphere: our table was neither too crowded nor too removed from the rest of the buzz of the restaurant. Ordering is extremely easy. Come with a large group and you can order family-style, and they will customize the dishes so that everyone gets a taste. Everything was delicious: quality ingredients, innovative dishes, really just perfect execution. The amount of alcohol we imbibed prevents me from recalling everything we ate, but the french onion soup dumplings, and red snapper tacos were among my favorites. Cocktails are smooth and delicious, though I'm not positive about the wine list. Took the recommendation of our waitress and was slightly disappointed with the bottle of white wine she chose, but she kept it coming and our glasses were never empty.Such a great night, and we really felt pampered. Bill was pricey but I would come again!Fine. You got me. I can't stay away from the lower east side and its hipster chic hotspots. While visiting NYC a wise coworker (Christy B.) recommended Stanton Social to me. After seeing the yelp hype, including that of Nish who I tend to trust, I hit it up late night on a Friday and was able to grab a spot at the bar.Good music playing and a young stylish crowd was in attendance. Not douche-y at all. :)First up was a peach margarita that the bartender convinced me I had to order. Very strong, with a hint of sweet and a delightful lollipop. Not a bad first pick. I asked what was a must order since they had a lot of tapas, and I was dining solo. Based on the bartender favs I selected the Red Snapper tacos, grilled apple and brie quesadilla, and duck empanadas. All three were utterly amazing. I would for sure bring my foodie husband here next time we're in town.Another tasty cocktail treat was the 1940s champagne julep: like a mint julep with a tasty champagne floater. Definitely recommend.This would be a great place to hit with a smallish group so you can try all the amazing things on the menu.A great tapas place, often cited in the pages of US Weekly or People as a celeb spotting hot spot, you typically need a reservation to get a table.  You order the eclectic food for the table - highly recommend the Kobe Beef Burgers - absolutely delicious!  You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu - feel free to experiment!  Music & Atmosphere are very trendy.  There is also a great bar upstairs, but it is most often overcrowded.Great for a dinner for two, or a special birthday celebration (the first time I was there was for my friend Jamie's 25th bday and we reserved the big table on the second floor, a tiny area that overlooks the main dining room.  We had 10 people and it was perfect!)omg YUMMMM.  I LOVE THIS PLACE.  i had brunch here 5 hours ago and i'm still thinking about it.  We got the banana pancakes with carmelized pecans, the goat cheese potato perogies, the french onion dumplings, the spinach, tomato, goat cheese frittata, and the scrambled egg bruschetta.oh..and it was just 2 of us!  but the portions are small b/c it's tapas style - and the food presentation is 1/2 of the charm of this place.  everything is mini and cute - and b/c it's small you can try a lot more dishes without getting too full which i am a fan of.the banana pancakes were great - they are a stack of 5 mini pancakes  with candied pecans and vanilla-type syrup on the side.  the perogies - were like little packets of heaven - dip them in the little bit of sour cream provided..omg yum - and this is my first perogie experience...i don't think i'll ever try a perogie anywhere else lest it not compare to stanton social's.the french onion dumplings were not really my thing...there was too much cheese and i guess i don't like french onion soup - b/c the dumplings are packed with the soup and it just didn't taste good - but i'd say if you like french onion soup you might like this.  we asked for it to be taken back and ordered the bruschetta in its place and our waitress didn't charge for the dumplings.i requested the frittata to be made with egg whites - and it was no problem - and tasted great.  small..but it's tapas so that's expected.finally, the bruschetta - the bruschetta is basically - bruschetta type toasted bread, with tomatoes topped with soft scrambled eggs, and finally drizzled with a bit of pesto sauce.  i'm not an egg yolk person..but DAMN.  this was good.  and an interesting take on bruschetta for breakfast!All in all - this was a great brunch experience - the amount of food we got was just enough to get me full without feeling too full - the ambience is really sexy - dim lights, dark wooden tables, and chilled-out music gives the place a great ambience.  service was great.  i'd recommend making a reservation - b/c it was certainly packed...and this was at 230 on a saturday..pretty late brunch timing.i'm definitely going to try this place for dinner.  they had kobe beef burgers...that were just SOO Cute looking!!  i'm a veg - but it was just too cute..and i'm sure it probably tasted great b/c a lot of ppl were ordering it.it's open till 3 am most nights - and located in the LES - so a great post-partying spot to get your grub on as well.for a girl who always always gets egg-white omelets because she doesn't want to eat a huge stack of pancakes but always craves at least a bite, stanton social's portions allow me to get my healthy egg whites AND satisfy my sweet tooth.If you don't check this place out - you're lame.oh..side note:  for that amount of food - price was 40 bucks...20 per person...really not a bad deal in my opinion for the quality, presentation, atmosphere, and service.  YUM.Thank you yelpers for giving this place 5 starsI was trying to find a restaurant located in the LES and saw that their french onion soup dumplings are to die for.  You guys were not kidding! my best friend and i LOOOOOVED it.  the lobster pizzette and kobe philly was excellent also.  If you come early around 6:30 ish, it's not as loud and crowded, as I read as one of the cons.  The service was amazing.  My waitress warned us it was small portions and kept refilling our drinks, and was a delight.  No doubt they will see my face and belly again very soon.With over 1600 reviews, I struggle to think of anything that hasn't been said about Stanton Social. So, just come here, even if it's just once. It's nice.Great date place or to take out of town guests to. They honored our reservation promptly. Tapas plates are small but very flavorful. Followed the Yelp crowd and enjoyed the french onion soup dumplings, red snapper tacos, and sliders. Bar upstairs is a nice hangout as well.Perhaps this is what happens when expectations are built up too high, but while I fully expected to give this place 5 stars, I was a little disappointed. I had been fantasizing about the French onion soup dumplings (I heart French onion soup, and dumplings? I'm so there) for months, but upon trying them I found the onion flavor too sweet. I also heard raves about the beef wellington, but honestly, I think my favorite dish was the beef carpaccio. Overall I found the food slightly heavy for my taste; as far as little dish places go, I prefer lighter fare like A.O.C.But how can I deny four stars from the amazing doughnuts??? my mouth waters.. My dining companion from New Orleans thought they were a lot like beignets, very light and chewy, perfect with the chocolate, raspberry, and caramel sauces. The service was great, even though the restaurant was packed. Don't know if I would return for dinner, but would definitely stop by for a small dish and drinks sometime.We stopped by for brunch around 1pm on a Sunday expecting a wait, but were shown to a table immediately. The waitress was amiable, suggesting we order 2-3 items per person since everything on the menu are tapa-sized. We took the advice and ordered the warm doughnuts with caramel, ricotta fritters with raspberry jam, chocolate pancakes, classic benedict, and huevos rancheros. Food was great; I especially enjoyed the donuts and tacos (which was more of an entree than a tapas dish). I'm still confused to why the chocolate pancakes didn't really have much chocolate. The plates were served sporadically which allowed for leisurely conversation (don't bother if you have to rush to a timed event).  We will have to return for the other items on the menu.Had my birthday brunch here just because it's in the downtown area :Dit's not easy to wake up on a cold saturday spring morning+i live in jersey so the commute takes longer.8 out of my original party of 14 arrived so i asked the hostess if we could sit first. there were about 3 of them so im not really sure whom i was talking to. one of them answered in a cold way that they'll sit us when we all get there so our food could be served at the same time. not sure what's the correlation between sitting and having our food served at the same time. we could be seated first, get drinks while waiting for the rest to come before having our food served. so all 8 of us sat on the sofa in front and chatted for about 10-15 mins but my stomach started growling so i asked another hostess, who was very nice, polite and willing to show our way to our seats. what i was so annoyed with was that our seats were empty anyway(and the tables around us remained empty until the last 15 mins of our service). upside was that we got the mezzanine area. very private, cozy and a nice view of the main dining room.what we had:Warm Doughnuts with caramel - nice warm doughnuts, nothing exceptional besides the extra-freshness of it. caramel dip doesn't hurt your already-sweet sweet tooth.Banana Pancakes - mmm... i love the mini pancakes. Better than clinton st's pancake. more moist and syrup wasn't overly sweet.Kobe Beef Burger- so cute! we had the mini one. patty was cooked perfectly, although i prefer my bread slightly heated and crispy.Baby Benedict- well-cooked eggs, soft bread probably left a little too long before being served?Grilled Pizzetta- not bad. thin and crispy.It would have been nice to have the sweets served after the savory because it was so good we completely cleaned everything out(or maybe we're just that hungry) and left little room for the rest. portion was mini yet filling!didn't bother our server too much but she was very nice and constantly check back to make sure everything was good. love the decor. young and hip crowd. would definitely come again for brunch to try the other you-look-so-good food.We had an early reservation because we were planning to make it an early night so there was no problem getting seated. I got there before my friend and was sent upstairs to get a drink and wait. Nice lounge feel upstairs, but since there was a baby shower going on, I decided to wait outside. Better people watching. We sat as soon as she got there.Great decor. A bit crowded with the proximity of the tables, but I never felt like I was in anyone else's conversation like I have in other places. I had the Champagne Julep and it was good. My friend had the Jack and Pom drink which was good, and I don't really like Jack. Wine prices were a little higher than expected, but I guess the prices overall were a little steep...but that's tapas. We got french onion soup dumplings, duck and beet salad, thai spiced baby back ribs and the wasabi pea crusted salmon. All of it was delicious, but I was left slightly disappointed with the salmon. It said it was crusted with wasabi peas, but there was no wasabi spiciness, but all of the rock hard crunch associated with stale wasabi peas you can buy in the grocery store. A little too crunchy for my liking, but the pesto and salmon were good by itself.I was pleasantly surprised by the size of the plates. There was much more food on them than I was expecting. I would definitely go back to try more plates. Oh, and it's dark as shit in there.An absolute wonderful place. From the decor to the food to the atmosphere. The place is perfectly lit and even though huge and there can be tons of people there, you can go as a couple and still hear each other! That's a huge plus given the fact that I feel like those kind of place are becoming scarce.The oysters were great. Even better was the tar tar, Moo Shu Rock Shrimp , and the Butternut Squash And Sweet Potato RavioliFor dessert the donuts are a must!A little on the pricey side but well worth it.I love tapas style restaurants because you get to try a little bit of EVERYTHING.  We came for my friend's birthday and ordered assorted dishes and desserts.  I liked everything we ordered (and we practically ordered everytong on the menu since we were a party of 7).  I also liked all of the desserts.  Pretty much you can't go wrong with anything on the menu (unless you are with someone who is a picky eater).  You have to go in anticipating that all the dishes are super small (which means it will be an expensive meal).  Also, you must make reservations in advance and they will only hold the table for 15 min - they threatened to give our table away even though it wasn't busy.Service is good and the seating is comfortable.  Good cocktail menu.I ate here last night and have been twice in the past.  Definitely love the food.  We shared the edamame which while good is super messy....but I guess that's part of the fun.  I had the chillean sea bass skewers - LOVED them.  One of my friends had the chicken and waffles and the other had the beef wellington.  Both loved their dishes.Oh, we also had a half dozen oysters which were great.  I have only been eating oysters for a few months and I so far these were the best.The service is good although our waiter was kind of blah....although it is not his job to be the circus clown but I like a server with a personality not blah mcblahenstein......It definitely is a scene and very noisey in there but that is the story and I think Stanton is sticking to it!Reservations are necessary here, even for 6pm on a Weds night! I've been here twice. Great place for groups, loud music and conversations, 20s-30s crowd. For large groups, they recommend 2-3 orders each, but for 8 of us, 3 orders each was too too much food, no matter how tiny it is! Pretty much agree with the rest of reviewers on top food choices. I liked the fries here a lot!  Good service.Great place to socialize but I wouldn't recommend coming here if you are hungry.I think I counted about 15 supermodel looking women here and about half the tables were filled with mingling women in the mid twenties to low thirties and the other half had women who looked like they should be in a taping of Sex and the City. I did spot a few gents, all of them were reallllly happy looking, hahahahaha. Good place to meet women it seems!Drink wise this place is legit. I had an awesome strawberry mojito like cocktail that was so delicious that I didn't realize I downed the whole drink within a few minutes. I was impressed by the food as the flavor was delicious (the french onion soup dumplings and beef wellington left me speechless) and teh offerings were unique but the price to food ratio was exorbitant. Word to the wise gents-if you plan on bringing a date here, expect to pay an arm and a leg for her to get full. Also, there's loud music playing here so it sets the atmosphere to feel more like a bar than a romantic dinner spot. I'd come here again if out of town friends were to visit but I'm not sure I'd include this venue in my rolodex of regular restaurants to dine at. Cool to experience though.Stanton Social. It is a busy place. They have a bar type lounge upstairs that seems very dark. My friend told us about the French Onion Soup Dumplings. One work: fantastic. These things come out hot. Not hot like looking awesome but hot like burn your mouth breathing fire hot. We ordered two for the four of us with some drinks.The wait was not so bad but when the food came out, it was all that mattered. The come out on some round dish with 6 dumplings per dish. These things are hot. They have cheese and they are filled with the hot soup. You have to wait for them to cool down so you don't burn your mouth. I think 5 minutes with some blowing will help to cool it off. Even the last few ones were hot. The ambiance was awesome and so was our waitress. Reminder: Need to come back here again.Met my friend up, who was visiting from Tx., with her other NY friend for a light-snack-before-macaron-dessert-before-bonchon-­dinner, ha! She heard about their French Onion soup dumplings through Food Network's Best Thing I Ever Ate. I'm a pretty avid watcher of teh show, so I was surprised that I did not see that episode. But again, this is why I love Manhattan; There's just so many places to try and visitors introduce me to some good eats! We only had time to try their French Onion Soup Dumplings and Red Snapper Tacos. The soup dumplings came out really cute in an escargot dish. The soup was a little too tangy; The little crouton on top helped a bit. But I would rather eat Xiao Long Bao soup dumplings (probably because I need meat). I enjoyed the Red Snapper Tacos more, but there was only 3 small bite-size tacos, so we each only had one small bite. Not to mention $9 for those 3 small one-bite tacos. You do the math. I don't mind the price, just make each at least 2 small bites worthDespite expensive for decent food, I would come back to try their dessert donuts that everyone is raving about. And my friends both ordered drinks they enjoyed.THE WORST RESTAURANT EVER.Made a reservation and they stuck my party at the second floor, where the sound is so loud that you can not carry a conversation, even though i made it clear over the reservation that i wanted the first floor, they didnt care.Food was ok but service was lowsy!Definetely not coming backThursday Night @ 7pm:-Still had to wait 10 min for the resey.-Unfriendly hostess-The crowd was very mid 30s or Jr Investment Bankers-Very friendly and reccomendational (that a word?) serverThe place itself:-Really liked the floral wallpaper upstairs-Thought it was going to be bigger and smaller...bigger in the actual sq feet of the restaurant but smaller and more cozy with nto such high and open ceiling.-It was VERY VERY loud and the tables for 2 are long and really hard to hear the other person talking.The Food....OMFG:-Pieorgies....ummm the unlisted truffle sour cream that came on the side was amazing.-French Onion Soup Dumplings...interesting way to eat the suit; but, tastes great.-Manchengo pizzetta...not too bad-Kobe slider...dont waste your 6 bucks on ketchup-Lobster roll...not too bad, kind of bland; but, good texture-Red Snapper taco...very good and would be something worthwhile on a larger scale-Godiva hot chocolate shot...YUM-Doughnuts...ehh just dough and sugar with some dipping sauces, next time I'd get something else.-Social Tea...I was looking forward most to this and it was GROSS, it needed some fizz with like ginger ale or 7up-Friend had 2 glasses of wine and I perused the list and didn't seem too bad.Total was $113 plus tip for the whole meal for 2 of us.  I went hope fulfilled, glad I came and loved that I got to try so many things without being in a gross buffet or subjected to a 10 course set tasting.Found myself stumbling here for dinner that same day I passed on brunch. We were walk-ins sans reservation and how I should count my blessings!!! Because reservations would have been on the dining floor but it's definitely much more chill and a lot cooler to be upstairs at the bar and lounge area! Good thing is the lounge area is reserved for walk-ins (which I much rather do than get stuck in the stuffy dining floor below :p)Had a little cosy corner all to ourselves... we stretched out, got comfy and the pleasurable dinner began. Ordered a whole bunch of items- French Onion Soup dumplings- Kobe Philly- Red snapper tacos- Maine crabcake corn dogs- Hudson valley foie gras terrine- Old school meat ballsWe were stuffed but couldn't turn down the warm doughnuts for dessert. Loved the choc and caramel sauce on them~ Definitely a chic place to R&R with a good old pal.Plenty of atmosphere and impressive presentation for a price.Pinky and I tried our first brunch at the Stanton Social.  The small sized portions were tasty and showed off an interesting take on old standards.  I had pumpkin muffins with cinnamon butter and a grilled cheese ''social slider'' sandwich.  The homemade cinnamon butter was divine.   The grilled cheese had an unusual taste due in part to the choice of cheese -- not the expected American variety.  Pinky had the Classic Benedict with a side of potato latkes.  She was happy with both.The final bill was around $40 with no drinks.  This was not a value play.  For a special event, a group that enjoys tapas will appreciate the upscale decor.  For me, I would rather get a more basic meal for a more modest price.In short: So very delicious but so very expensiveI spent a long time deciding whether or not to give this place four or five stars, but the place was just too delicious not to give it five despite being one of the most expensive places I've ended up eating in a long time. Stanton Social is a "tapas style" place where all the dishes are small and meant to be shared amongst the group. The waitress suggested we each pick a dish we liked, and the kitchen would size the order according to our large group (7 of us). Everything was AMAZING. Red Snapper tacos, five flavor ribs, the quesadillas, chicken and waffles (Yes! they have chicken and waffles), and more. All these dishes despite their mundane names were full of flavor and texture. On top of this, Stanton Social makes fantastic mixed drinks from the bar. The waitress told me that all their ingredients are blended in-house so they never used store bought syrups or anything like that. She wasn't playing around. The vodka based drinks I had were the smoothest and most clean tasting martini's I've ever had (Only downside is that most of these drinks have really girly names). The drinks are $13, but they were worth it. So yes, I will give Stanton Social five stars for the sheer quality of the experience even if it was achingly expensive. For this birthday dinner, I ended up paying almost a $100 (I was chipping in for the birthday girl so subtract 10-15). If you plan on going in a group and drinking, be prepared to splurge that night.4 words: French Onion Soup Dumplings.  Translates to another 4 words: Heaven in a dumpling.  My fiance and I had a Saturday night dinner while we were visiting NYC and it was a very enjoyable experience, start to finish.  There were definitely highlights and not so highlights, but overall, a very solid restaurant, and a very delicious meal.We were seated right on time for our 8:15pm reservation and were taken upstairs to a trendy bar and sitting area.  The music was good and loud but not too loud.  The servers all looked like models, which is the general expectation of a trendy NYC restaurant, so I marked that off the checklist.  The menu is exciting and different, which was why we chose this place to begin with.  Everything is served in a sharing style and the variety expands through many cuisine types, so I'll rate each item individually.Wok Charred Edamame: 3 stars.  I was excited about this dish since I love testing the different varieties of serving edamame that seems to be all the rage these days, but the miso glaze did not seem to blend well with the edamame flavor and left it kind of bland.French Onion Soup Dumplings: 5 stars+++.  Quite honestly, these dumplings are every bit as good as the hype and are reason enough alone to go to this restaurant.  The dumplings come as fried little balls with a crouton on top connected by a toothpick.  Then the tray of 6 dumplings have a melted layer of cheese over them, just as the soup is served.  You take one bite into the dumpling and heavenly soup just floods down your throat followed by a perfect little crouton.Kobe Philly Slider: 4 stars.  My fiance had this and said it was deliciously full of truffle and very tasty.Veggie Slider: 2 stars.  I normally love a good veggie slider, but found this one to be a little bland and very disappointing in flavor.Red Snapper Tacos: 4 stars.  Delicious!  The snapper was cooked perfectly and seasoned well - all minced up and blended great with the avocado and mango.Tempura Shrimp: 3 stars.  Nothing special about this dish, but nothing offensive either.  Solid tempura shrimp with a creamy dipping sauce that was a little heavy.  I think it would have been better served with a ponzu esque dip to lighten it up a bit.Butternut Squash Ravioli: 5 stars.  Absolutely delicious.  We were full after the previous dishes, but decided to try one more thing and I'm so glad we ordered this.  Seasoned perfectly, with a great blend of sweetness and savory.Cocktails were nothing special - I had the Cucumber Vanilla Cosmo and he had the Centennial.  In hindsight, wine might have been the way to go.  Service was excellent - our waitress was very helpful and friendly despite her 6 foot model appearance.Lastly, the bathroom situation upstairs is annoying.  Only 2 unisex stalls available and there was pretty much a line along the back wall at all times.  Not an ideal situation but just a recommendation to use the restroom before you arrive.All in all, a wonderful experience, great food, and I can see myself coming back here next time I'm in NYC.I mainly went here to see what all the hype and buzz was about! And I wasn't disappointed at all, but definitely expect to shell out a bit of money for this place.Made reservations on a Tuesday night at 9:15pm for a friend and I. I was actually surprised that the place was packed when I got there and packed when I left (around 11pm). The waiter told us to choose 2 small dishes (left side of the menu) and 2 large dishes (right side of the menu). We ended up choosing 3 small and 2 large --Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies - Amazing!Sweet & Sour Chicken & Cashew Spring Rolls  - Not bad at allPumpkin And Goat Cheese Croquettes - How can you go wrong with this combination?Chicken & Waffles - Very tasty combination - the balsamic maple syrup is amazing!Kobe Beef Slider (me), Lobster Roll (friend) - Both pretty good, nothing out of this world though.Of course we were hungry after that, so we ordered the chicken sausage pizzetta and some kind of duck confit dumpling. The pizzetta was pretty good but the duck confit was just alright, although the blood orange sauce was tasty. Oh, we also had drinks at the beginning of the meal - just  a few of the house cocktails, which were extremely small and expensive so we stayed away from those. Dessert was the apple pie sundae (my friend doesn't like chocolate!) and that was good and definitely plenty to share.The only thing I didn't like was that the bill was $70 per person. But ah, probably won't be back there anytime soon, at least until I save up some more money :-P. I would say that it was worth the money - a lot of fun sharing different dishes and the service was good too.Upon first glance I thought this place seemed like a typical Manhattan place...overpriced, so-so food, pretentious crowd. Let's just say I couldn't have been more wrong.Met some friends here for dinner on a Friday night around 9. It was full, but didn't feel overly packed. Everyone was really nice (hostess, coat check lady, a bartender and our waitress) and suprisingly friendly and made our experience really fun. The atmosphere was great - mood lighting, big wooden tables, overly large chairs. More formal downstairs, more loungish upstairs.I would definitely recommend starting with a fun cocktail - they weren't too expensive and all the ones we sampled were delicious and unique. The tapas menu was extensive - for 4 of us we split 10 choices. We were satisfied by course 8, definitely full by 10. I would recommend listening to the waitress when they recommend how many entrees to pick for the number of people you have!  The service was quick but not rushed, and they only give you one plate at a time so you never really just sit there waiting. The busboys were great at giving fresh plates & making sure your table was clear too which was a plus.Personally, I loved the menu selections - everything is a twist on a classic. Some of my favorite twists were (with amazing ingredients): Wings, PBJ, french onion soup, grilled cheese, fish and chips, etc all made with really high end ingredients (a "quesadilla" with goat cheese, apples, truffle oil, etc).  I felt like I was on Top Chef sampling their creations. I was very impressed. Definitely go with a group so you can get the true experience. Can't wait to go back! Note - if you want to go on a weekend definitely make a reservation.My understanding is that "The Stanton Social" is currently being deliberated by the same people responsible for those massive reference books referred to as the Dictionary and Thesaurus.  I believe they want to make it the standard for defining fun and delicious food for restaurants residing in the LES. The stanton social really is as good as it gets, specially when it comes to Saturday and Sunday brunch.  If I really start writing about everything I have had there, most people would be confused since I had brunch here every Sunday for 2 years and witnessed the menu change about 3 times during that period...they never change the staples however; kobe beef sliders, french onion soup dumplings, red snapper tacos, Grandma's meatballs, mac and cheese, pesto and scrambled egg bruchettas and you CAN NOT LEAVE THIS PLACE without ordering the warm donuts!  Though a bit pricey, it is worth every cent the paper you're paying with is printed on!  by far, my favorite restaurant in the entire city.The food comes in small plates and is quite good. My favourite: 1. Red Snapper Taco2. Chicken and WafflesThe Kobe beef slider is nice but nothing to write home about. The French Onion Soup Dumpling is brilliant for its creativity but lacks taste and texture.A true neighborhood gem on the LES.  We went for Sunday brunch; it was such a special treat.  Don't pass up the warm doughnuts with the caramel sauce, or the ricotta fritters with raspberry jam.  Also, the Bloody Mary made with sun-dried tomato vodka is really refreshing.Overall-Great service, interesting menu, lovely food and drinks...(FYI---You're going to spend $75-100 just for brunch, with two drinks and four tapas plates, our bill was $75)This is my favorite restaurant on East Side.  The food is very flavorful - each dish just got better & better. The chicken in waffles are insanely good.  They're reason enough to go.Prices are fair for the portion you get and the courses come out at what feels like perfect timing.Ambience is nice, chill, a little dark. Overall, I dig it.Fantastic food, great atmopshere and wonderful service; what more can I ask for?!I highly recommend the french onion soup dumplings. I warn you that you might get hooked! My second favorite dish is the butternut squash ravioli - it's seasonal so look for it in the fall/winter menu.Ideal place for a small group of 3-6 people.Nice ambiance but it was really dark (even after our eyes had adjusted) and pretty loud, even for a Wednesday night. We had a cramped table next to the wall towards the back of the second floor.Food was certainly tasty but I wished that some of the portions were a bit larger. The most delicious were definitely the:* red snapper tacos - bold flavors! the avocado and mango sauce was creamy and decadent (but they only served 3 tiny ones and I definitely wanted more!)* potato & goat cheese pierogies - surprisingly good. the caramelized onions and truffle creme fraiche sealed the deal with this one!* thai spiced baby back ribs - meaty, juicy and fell right off the bone. marinade was sweet and tangyWe also got the BBQ duck confit/black bean empanada because it sounded interesting but the duck was almost nowhere to be found. The apple and brie quesadilla needed more ingredients and some punch to elevate the flavors.Service was attentive, but maybe almost TOO attentive. Although they brought food out rather promptly, the waitstaff kept eyeing our tables and started taking away plates before we were even finished taking the rest of our food... It's like, whoa wait a sec there.All in all, good food overall.  Delicious choices.  A good trendy choice in the LES!My two cousins brought me here to try their French Onion Soup Dumplings.  The rest, as they say, is history.A few words on the execution of the plating: it is all very inventive and experimental.  The food is masterfully crafted with a rich blend of flavors and textures that I have not found any place else.  Each dish we tried was more than just food; it was an exercise in creativity, in intellectualism, in art and technique and craft.  It was surprising and sublime and tasteful.  I have never been so amazed at a restaurant.  At least, never pleasantly so.  I found myself waiting to see what the next dish would look like, how the chef would blend flavors and shapes and techniques.  Some of the food tasted exemplary; others were merely satisfying.  But the effort on the part of execution - that was flawless.A few words on the decor: the restaurant had a lovely distressed look to it.  The wine room was upstairs, which also had additional seating. The place is a bit dim, but it is very cozy.  The music is not too loud, the waiters don't get in the way but are always available, so it's a good spot to go with friends if you are interested in talking to them and actually hearing their responses.  The bathroom was weird.  It was sexier than most bedrooms.  Votive candles, very nice napkins,  dark walls, etc..  I was looking around for a masseuse and a bed.  Flushing made me feel almost guilty.What we had: Potato and Goat Cheese Pierogies with Truffle Creme Fraiche:  Egads, there is a God.  Order more than one plate.  Fight for every piece.  Trust me on this one.French Onion Soup Dumplings: These place is evidently famous for this dish.  Although it was good, I did not drop dead from surprise. It was good, but not great.Chicken & Waffles: a surprising meeting of sweet and savory.  Usually I'm not a big fan of this sort of thing, but these knocked my socks off.  The chicken was cook to perfection - tender, juicy, perfectly seasoned.  the waffle was everything a waffle should be.  And the balsamic spiked maple syrup that comes on top of it was able to tie everything together just so...tastefully.  :)  Crab cake corn dogs: Ah, the chef tripped over his laces on this one.  It was a fun dish but lacked flavor and the cornmeal completely dominated the crab.  The only saving grace was the cool skewer it came on and the very thinly shredded turnips in the corn sauce.Enjoy!1.  Service - For a Monday at 10:00PM this place really had it going and the service was pretty good considering how packed it was.  The hostess was very accommodating,  we put our name on the list and she sent us upstairs for some drinks and came and got us 20 minutes later when the table was ready.  Our waiter was pretty attentive and came over and asked me every time we needed refills on our drinks, took our order promptly and checked up on us periodically.  2.  Food - I'm usually not a tapas fan, but everything was pretty awesome I have to say.  Amongst the two of us we shared oysters, sashimi, octopus salad, scallops and wellington.  Everything was fresh and prepared extremely well.  I guess the adage "never order fish on a Monday" doesn't apply to this place.  Highlight was definitely the octopus salad.  Although not really a salad, the octopus was extremely tender and delicious, and the broth was so good I could have drank it out of a cup.  My only gripe was with the wellington.  The meat was cooked perfectly, but the truffles were a bit overwhelming in the mushroom sauce, but overall still very good. 3. Vibe/Decor - This place is amazing looking and the design is absolutely impeccable.  I really enjoy the bar in the upstairs room.  Great design and the light fixtures are awesome.  I have to say the music is too loud to speak to the people you are eating with, probably a good thing if you are on a first date, but that wasn't the case with us.  They lose one star for the music, no salt and pepper on the table (This trend is really starting to piss me off), and when I asked for a Corona the waiter says, of course pretentiously, "We only have Sol."  Great, another restaurant that only has Sol.  Does it really make your restaurant "cooler" if you carry a more obscure brand that tastes worse and is more expensive than its more popular sibling?  I guess to some people, but not to me.915 reservation. Didn't get seated until 1030. Unapologetic. At least the bar was fun and the music was great.Fun spot to come with friends. Expensive, but worth it if your looking for a trendy spot.Good that they will make the food for the amount of people at the table Highlights: Arepas, short rib sliders, French Onion Fondue, PerogiNot so much: Mac and CheeseWent here for a birthday. There were about ten of us and we were seated right on time. The waiter did an excellent job serving us. The place is small so seating was a little cramped but the food and drinks made up for that.The place is small and gets crowded and loud, but that was expected. After dinner we went upstairs to dance. Fun atmosphere, will go back again.The Stanton Social is a very trendy/sceney restaurant. Absolutely make a reservation, because all of the sceney 20-30 something year olds are trying to get in!While my friend and I DID have a reservation, we still had to wait 20 minutes to be seated. Kind of annoying, no?Eventually we were seated in the tiny dining area where everyone is packed like sardines.  It's very loud, so it's difficult to hear your dining companions speak. Food-wise, I would say it's pretty good.  We got the red snapper tacos, cauliflower, brie/apple quesadillas, and the spanikopita.  The only stand-out here would be the spanokopita: they are baked, not fried, and are packed with so much delicious flavor. Had a wonderful texture as well.  We debated getting another order!As far as cocktails are concerned, I got the Social Tea and my friend got the drink that has jalapeño infused alcohol.  I was underwhelmed by my tea; I wished that it had had a stronger green tea flavor.  My friend was in LOVE with her drink, so I would recommend that if you are able to handle spicy things. In all, I had very high expectations for this restaurant, and they were not met (especially given the price).  In my opinion, it's just one of those places that you go to just to say that you've been there.It was good but a little overhyped and overpriced. The ambiance is great- it feels like a lounge and the drinks are good. The service was friendly and attentive. It is a fun place for small groups because then you can try a little bit of everything. For the 2 of us, we ate much more than we wanted of each dish. So I guess that shows that even if I liked it, it wasn't enough to eat a lot of any one item. We had the french onion soup dumplings which were very heavy and really nothing to write home about. I did really enjoy the potato & goat cheese pierogies...partially for the yummy truffle creme fraiche. As for their famous kobe beef sliders...they did make it to order (medium rare) but I didn't see what was so great about it. I think I just dont appreciate kobe burgers cause i felt this way about db bistro too...give me In-n-Out please!I was wavering between 3 and 4 stars but 4 won out because I decided I would definitely go back again.2 of us arrived around 6:30 on a Friday night without reservations, and the place was already pretty busy.  The hostess said she could accommodate us in 20 minutes or so and we could wait at the upstairs bar.  Well 20 turned into about 40 minutes but since we were enjoying our cocktails upstairs, it wasn't too annoying.  The Strawberry Fields cocktail was quite tasty.Finally seated we decided to order the goat cheese pierogies, the french onion soup dumplings, and the chicken & waffles.  The pierogies were excellent, I could have eaten 10 more, the dumplings were ok, and the chicken and waffles were good.  Normally we would have ordered a few more dishes but 1- we were saving room for dessert and 2- we were going out drinking after and didn't want to be too full.  For dessert we ordered the warm donuts- excellent- and the cookies and milk- good.Where we were seated was practically on top of the tables next to us, which made it really annoying when someone against the wall needed to get out. It did, however, provide me with an opportunity for some close up inspection of some of the other offerings- many of which looked tasty as well.Despite the long wait, once seated service was friendly and prompt.  I don't find myself over that way often but I would make an effort to go back, and make sure i had a reservation next time.I've been trying to check out Stanton Social for a while now and finally got reservations for 11:00pm. Must say that the experience was great. At night, not only are you able to enjoy drinks and food with your friends at a table, but you can also engage in the social / lounge setting and enjoy the music and night scene. It was a great mix for me. Great place for a group of friends, even though I came with just one friend and it's also a great date night spot as the ambiance is perfect, though do note, that it is pretty loud in there. We ordered 3 dishes and were completely stuffed- chicken and waffles (it was presented in a really cute manner!), cashew and chicken spring rolls and social mac and cheese (we didn't even finish the mac and cheese, but it was soooo good!)The Stanton Social has given a whole new meaning to small plates. I came here with several co-workers and I walked away starving. I stopped and got a couple slices of pizza on my way home. Granted the food was good but the plates were beyond small even for Tapas and their menu is not cheap. I felt cheated. Every plate that came out I was asking myself where is the food?Not a fan and will definitely not be back.If I'm rating this lounge solely on the atmosphere this place would get 4 stars. It's chic, sexy, and trendy of course but the staff isn't snobbish. However, as much as I like beautiful places I would much rather have a well made drink. In this regard they'd only get 2 stars from me. The signature cocktails are way too sweet, lacking in balance in terms of flavor profile, and not to sound like a lush but after 3 drinks I was completely sober. I tried the basil-lime gimlet, the champagne julep, and the manhattan sidecar. None stood out. And for $13 cocktails I've had much better ones. I've heard fairly good things about the food but nothing you can't get elsewhere.Accessibility: 3.5 starsDrinks: 2.5 starsAtmosphere: 4 starsEye candy: 4 starsI would've gave it 4 stars if they didn't make me wait 30 min even though I had a reservation. Food was great and company was great but definitely felt like they ask you to go up and down the stairs for fun. The waitress upstairs couldn't tell me if my table was ready so I went downstairs. Then the hostess tells me to go back upstairs with her bold eyes and wait because someone will get me. Then the girl who ended up getting us passed us and roamed around until we grabbed her attention. Food was so good so that's probably the only reason I'll go back. But disappointed in the lack of service.We held a birthday party for our teenage daughter there.The noise level was very high (even one of the kids asked us to ask the management if it could be turned down...).The food was good -- all of it was tasty -- but not exceptional.But what really stood out for us was that the event staff and the wait staff simply could not have been nicer.  In helping us plan the party, and in serving the party, they were were just terrific -- friendly, attentive, and responsive.Alright, so I will admit, I have always been against Stanton Social.  I remember coming here a few years back for a friend's birthday.  We didn't have reservations, tried to go upstairs, and ended up waiting over 3 hours to get seated.  The service was snobby, the people were snobby - and I thought, I don't care if the food is good - bc the people really bug me.But this time, my friend and I made a dinner reservation.  We arrived and were promptly seated... the food was amazing- french onion soup, kobe beef sliders, oysters, tacos, etc..The drinks were very delicious as well.I would say though that the service was a bit slow, and I was starving... but I forgive bc everytime the food arrived - I thoroughly enjoyed it.Lesson learned - you want to have a great time here, make sure you book a table in advance, come in a cute outfit so you don't feel like a bum - and then just enjoy yourself.This place has innovative food. Every dish is unique in its own way. Every dish was a surprise in a way that we did not know what to expect, what it would taste like. The display of the food was appealing which made things more exciting. Their dishes have flavors that awaken the taste buds; flavors that ignites the mind and takes you on a journey. It was not simple dishes nor simple flavors, for none of it tasted simple. Out of everything that we had, too many dishes to count, the mac and cheese was the most memorable. - it was superior. Overall, it was a good experience; try as many dishes as you can.I went here for brunch and it was absolutely delish!The food was great- try the breakfast bruchetta, peach and brie quesadilla and amazing pancakes. The service was good,and on-point with refilling our tea, and we didn't have to wait too long for a table. It's a place to share food, so great for groups. It does get crowded though, so make reservations.My friend took me here back in June for my b-day and overall the experience was good. The decor was really nice.  From what I remember, they had booths with circular tables that made the dining experience intimate and private.  The lighting was romantic but not too dark that you couldn't see your food.  The food was pretty tasty.  We went for brunch and got various brunch dishes, ie. pancakes, eggs benedict, donuts, etc. She also ordered mimosas for me, which surprisingly were very delicious.  The staff was also very friendly and helpful, with providing recommendations to what to order.  I also liked the idea that the bar area was on the second floor, overlooking the dining room area.Stanton Social is what I always imagined NYC's semi-upscale bar scene to look like. Very dimly-lit, contemporarily styled, loud as hell, and filled with a melting pot of young professionals and Euro-trash foreigners.I went with a friend around 8pm on a Wednesday and it was a 45 minute wait (or so the hostess said). So instead of going to the main room, we decided to head upstairs to the bar/lounge area, which was much smaller but definitely had the same vibe. After getting a couple drinks at the bar (and over an hour later), we realize that the hostess still hasn't called us and after talking to her, it seemed like we had to wait another 30 minutes. What happened to the original 45 mins? I hate when restaurants do that.Anyways, so because we're impatient, we just ate at the bar, which still serves the full menu. We got the: (1) Kobe beef sliders, (2) French onion soup dumplings, (3) Flank steak and tater tots, (4) Chicken wings, and (5) French fries. The kobe beef sliders were awesome -- very flavorful and the meat tasted really fresh. I also loved the french onion soup dumplings -- very unique dish (I've never had anything like this before) where there's 6 holes on a plate and each hole holds a dumpling that's soaked in french onion soup. Only wish the cheese on top didn't dry up so fast. But otherwise, it was delicious.I wasn't too impressed with their flank steak and tater tots. I felt like the steak was a bit tougher than I expected and the tater tots had the texture of liver. The flavor wasn't that great either. The chicken wings were good, but nothing worth recommending. The fries were decent -- probably a little too overpriced for what it was though.So yeah, definitely the food was a hit or miss. Each dish is small, but I didn't find it to be as overpriced as everyone says (granted you stick with the good dishes). I mean I would definitely pay $7 for those kobe beef sliders.What I did like about this place, though, are the drinks. Very experienced, skilled bartenders who make awesome drinks. They're all really personable and professional, so I was really impressed with that. Initially, I would have expected them to be douchebags, but I'm glad to see they aren't.All in all, I have mixed feelings about Stanton Social. Great ambiance, nice NYC vibe, with awesome drinks and some phenomenal dishes. On the downside, however, there were definitely some misses with the dishes and the waiting game for a table is ridiculous. I would probably definitely come back, though, and just go straight up to the bar area, order some artistically-crafted drinks and scarf down on Kobe beef sliders.I enjoyed the environment and the bite-size tapas, family-style. Came here for roommate C's birthday. We ordered the soup dumplings, sliders, pigs in a blanket type bites, and the chocolate dessert sampler. There are endless menu options and I feel like I could come back a few more times and have an equally enjoyable experience.I liked the open staircase that allowed you to peek onto the first floor (near back bathroom). The place always seems to be packed, so get here on time or early.This place has very good things, but also there are some pretty serious negatives.You should know before you go there that this is a tapas bar. You're going to get small portions of multiple kinds of food. It's expensive, but you get what you pay for.The meal started off well with some free tapas, which is a nice touch, and every single thing I ate was absolutely fantastic. We ran the gambit with everything from lobster tails and oysters to rabbit sausage. Each thing was made to perfection and nicely presented.Now the bad: the portions are TINY. If you're a guy like me, you generally want to go to a place where you will be full after the end of the meal, and in NY you don't mind paying up for that privilege. With this place, I left feeling a little hungry, which was too bad because the food was so good.The reason that I give it four stars even though the portions are tiny is that no matter what I ate (and to be honest, I was adventurous) was unbelievably delicious, far beyond anything I could've imagined before I arrived.Went here again last night for a friend's birthday.  It's odd, we called and checked opentable.com to see if we could make last minute reservations for a table for 3.  They said they had nothing available until 8:45.  I was in disbelief! Monday night? Come on.  We decided to try a walk in and sure enough there was plenty of space! 3/4 was empty.  There was NO ONE seated in our section at 7:30pm.On a brighter note, I still love the food here.  My friends and I ordered the following:kobe sliders - 5/5red snapper tacos 5/5mac and cheese 4/5 (i dont even like mac and cheese)chicken and waffles (3/5) - kudos for the sauce that brought it togetherbutterbut squash ravioli (2/5) - go to The Orchard for good ones.french onion soup dumplings (4/5) - It's really just a unique thing to order, it isn't out of this world amazing.Dessert, we ordered...grasshopper mousse bomb (5/5)  the mint ice cream has real mint in it! so good.warm donuts (4/5) who doesnt love donuts?peppermint hot chocolate shots (4/5) friends said it was too sweet but i enjoyed itred velvet twinkie (4/5) - It was really good but we ordered 3. Should have ordered 1 or 2!Friends from out of town, table of 4.  Service was excellent.  Atmosphere was crowded but not overwhelming.They only seat a full party.  Our friends said the special drinks they had at the bar while waiting where awesome.    The only reason I'd take a star away is the W.C. situation.  Two for the entire restaurant on the 2nd floor.  Since we were sitting next to them, I can assure you that there was always a line.  Our food order: Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies - my favorite French Onion Soup Dumplings - Good but not as good as everyone raved.Red Snapper Tacos - so cute and little and awesomeHand Pulled Chicken Arepas - aight Crabcake Corn Dogs - The boys favorite Kobe Beef Burgers - Delicious Grilled Apple & Brie Quesadilla - Good Chicken and Waffles - not again, thanks Donuts - killer Strawberry & Banana Sundae - yesMilkshake and Makers Mark shot - hell yes Perfect amount of food.  Cant wait to go back and try more!Easily one of my favorite spots on the LES. The food is super yummy (the french onion soup dumplings in all their cheesy glory!) and the delicious, fresh, boozalicious drinks to boot!!! They have this cocktail called "the Social Tea" which if I remember correctly is their version of a long island iced tea with top shelf liquor and brewed sweet tea. don't quote me on the ingredients, but please order this drink and treat yourself to a couple more after you fall in love with it.**NOTE** It is always crowded, so yes reservations are necessary for the downstairs table dining experience, even during the week.Ok, I was recently in NYC for work.  My good friend Sharon told me this place was great and I mentioned it to my boss.  Well, we got reservations for our large Party of 15.  My Boss bless his heart decided he would just order for the table.       The plates are set up tapas style.  So basically, we would order a dish and there would be enough for one of the dish for everyone.  We ordered basically one of everything on the menu.  Accompanied with Champagne and Tequila shots. And yes those go together....really well, might I add.Anyhow, the food was so amazing every dish I had was a knock out.  We literally had 13 dishes come out.  I had to eat everyone even though I was stuffed after the 9th one.french onion soup dumplingsPerogieskobe beef sliderspulled pork sliderschicken and waffleswasabi salmonravoli'sshort rib taco'smeat balllsmack and cheesespring rollschipotle shrimpoctopusgrilled asparagusAs I said this place was great. loved all of it.Nice space.  Bar/lounge is on the second floor, and it definitely gets crowded.  Strangely, there seems to always be way more men than women.    Good dj and drinks, and good service as well.  Social and communal bar area with good traffic.My boyfriend and I didn't make reservations and just sat and ate at the second floor bar--- if you're just two people, I'd really recommend it.  The bartender was just chatty enough, and the people-watching was great.A bit pricey for the amount of food you need to order to get the whole experience, but I loved the onion soup dumplings and the lobster pasta.Great for a birthday dinner.French. Soup. Dumplings.(Nothing else deserves to be mentioned in the same paragraph, but all the food is really good. Prices are definitely high. They do make some killer pineapple margeritas!)Great place for drinks and tapas!The drinks are amazing, the Strawberry Fields was really good.We also had the Spring Rolls, Bruschetta, and Lamb Kebobs which were all delicious.The atmosphere of the place is wonderful and the bartenders are super attentive and nice.Definitely a place to check out.Service: Good, efficient and friendlyAmbience: dark and loud Food: French onion soup dumplings - it's an interesting idea, tasted good but definitely overrated. I wished it is a little juicer to really get that "soup" idea inBeef carpaccio - fresh slices beef with fresh arugulaKobe beef slider - didn't try but bf loved itLobster roll - yummy lobsters meat but the roll is a little too big and crunchyHerb dust fries - good option for side with slider/rollThai chilli ribs - definitely steamed and not smoked! Not a fan of thisCrab cake corn dog - probably my fav dishGuiness toffee cake - amazing! but a little too sweetI've been waiting for a very long time to come here and when we did, it's just ok. I don't think the food blew me away, but it was worth checking it out.Went there last night for drinks with a friend. Had been before but was not yelping then.This place is really cute. On a Thursday night it was easy to walk in and get a table. I had a cucumber-vanilla martini, a blood orange/strawberry somthing and a pear-sake martini all very delicious.Any how, this place is cute and a gently swank,I rather enjoyed it.Went here with a friend from work and my girlfriend.  The food was very good.  All the plates are tapas style -- meant for sharing among the table.  Prices are reasonable.  The service was excellent -- our server was very attentive and the food came from the kitchen at a perfect pace.  The atmosphere is fun and vibrant -- it is the LES after all!We ordered about 7 different tapas and left stuffed.  The braised short rib tacos were so good (the favorite of everyone at the table) we had to order a second order!Don't forget the cocktails!  The Blood Orange - Jalapeño Margarita - jalapeño-infused Milagro Reposado, blood orange juice, fresh lime, Cointreau.  Soooo good!- Creekstone Farms Braised Short Rib Soft Tacos cherry tomato relish, poblano crema $19- Hand Pulled Chicken Arepas  jalapeño salsa verde   $10- Red Snapper Tacos - creamy avocado, spicy mango  $10- Kobe Beef Burger  $7- Rhode Island Style Lobster Roll  $9- 'Kobe Philly' - truffle & goat cheese fondue  $9- Beef Wellington grilled filet mignon, foie gras mousse, and mushrooms wrapped in puff pastry $22Fun restaurant.  Great food with perfect single bites of flavor.  You can't go wrong!I have had some amazing dishes at The Stanton Social. I hate the term "tapas," I prefer the word "appies," but this would probably be best described as a tapas restaurant. It is also the dressiest restaurant on the street, being only a few doors down from the rock club Arlene's Grocery.The French Onion Soup Dumplings are really really good. As are the Crabcake Corndogs and Brie/Peach quesadillas. All dishes are meant for sharing and it usually takes 4-5 dishes for you and a date to be satisfied, many more if you are with a group.I have only been here for dinner, and it is easiest to get a res if you go around 5. It's a hotspot any time after that and hard to get seated.The Stanton Social was incredible last night.  The restaurant hostess was so sweet and so helpful and the waiters were amazingly nice.  The food, the scene, the people, the ambiance, everything was just incredible.  I would recommend this place to everyone to try at least once-but make sure you have $$$ to eat here.  The food and plates are small but everything was excellent and so worth it.  I personally thought that $220 for 5 girls was cheap but I don't know what others feel.Here are my top choices:french onion soup dumplingsmeatballs & manicottifrench fries (SOOOOO goood!!)mac & cheese (THE BEST EVER!)cajan shrimpwarm donutsred velvet twinkie the chocolate tasting we had a few other items but the ones listed above were incredible.  Next time, I want to try the kobe sliders and the lobster rolls (these are the most expensive)Always a solid choice for the beautifulHave been here a few times and it never disappoints. Even with 8 people the service was great and food came out surprisingly fast.Have sampled everything on the menu, the favorites are definitely for a reason. The good:Onion soup dumplingsPerogies Chicken and wafflesThe could be better:Grilled cheese sliderMac and cheese (mostly because the expectations were so high)I've had two different but equally satisfying experiences at the Stanton Social.  First time, friend's birthday, lots of drinking.  The only thing I remembered were the pierogies.  And that I wanted them again!Second time, I went with three other girl friends.  We ordered about 9 or 10 tapas to share and ate everything.  My favorite, again was the pierogies.  This time I remembered that they are potato and goat cheese.  Second place was the French Onion Soup dumplings and the overall favorite of the night.  The waitress was very helpful and patient.  It was a tad dark, but when the food tastes so good it's probably better not to look at it!This is by far the best brunch I've ever had in the 7 years I've lived in this city.  Without question.As you can imagine, the whole experience left me utterly flabbergasted (not to mention extremely full) because this is not the sort of thing that one finds often.  This was a brunch with my colleagues; the last thing on my mind was the quality of food.  99% of the time, an NYC brunch can be summarized by the word "forgettable".  Typical eggs, typical pancakes/waffles, typical hollandaise sauce.  Not at SS!Our server was genial and extremely accommodating to our table of 8 women.  She was prompt, gave solid recommendations, and had no qualms about our 2 late arrivers.  Acted like it was no issue at all.  This was so appreciated!We ordered so many amazing things, and the family-style portions ensured that everyone got a taste of everything.- warm donuts with chocolate (light and fluffy, almost like a popover)- potato & goat cheese pierogies (very decadent, zesty) - red snapper tacos (fresh tasting and loaded with flavor)- french onion soup dumplings (a bomb of onion-y goodness)- chicken n' waffles (*didn't try this one)- spicy lobster benedict (best. benedict. of. my. life)- huevos rancheros soft tacos (*didn't try this either)- french fries (even these were phenomenal!)We enjoyed all of these magnificent dishes in a sultry but lively atmosphere.  I cannot wait to come back here.Prices were also better than expected; even with multiple drink orders (bloody marys yessssss) and WAY too much food, the bill ended up pretty reasonable, despite being more than I'd normally spend.  However, I don't normally make a meal from 8 different dishes... it was well worth it.Gilt City Brunch was amazing!Wow. I mean, really - DAMN, SON! My experience consisted of Sunday brunch with a good friend. He was in from out of town and relied on me to find the spot for the "ideal New York City brunch". I won. - You can come here on a budget, but be prepared to cause severe emotional strain on yourself because you'll only be allowed to have one plate and one cocktail ($25-30) -- the plates are all small portions, like tapas - So, based on that, come here ready to spend so you can try EVERYTHING like we did. - The service is exceptional - The atmosphere is New York concentrated into a bottle and then poured out to make a perfect restaurant - The cocktails (both the ones on the brunch menu and the regular menu) are extraordinary - unique, classy, comforting, delicious (but pricey) - I've seen the french onion soup dumplings raved about on TV and in print -- they were ok, but by no means our favorite - The steak and eggs were a standout as were each of the sliders---especially the grilled cheese - Chicken and waffles were just "ok"--but not what I would've like (crispier, sweeter) I can honestly say this is one of the best meals and brunch experiences I've ever had and my friend was completely impressed as well.We have a winner.VERY loud atmosphere. The food is good, if overpriced, and I really liked my drink: Strawberry Fields. It had TONS of strawberry pulp in it, and after I finished it, I literally added water so I could make strawberry water. Sounds gross maybe, but it was delicious. Most of the plates come in multiples of three, so if you have a party of four, either order an extra serving or things will be a little awkward. Servings are rather small -- the tacos and arepas are TINY, and I actually wasn't super impressed by the chicken arepa. It was cold and too much guacamole made it mushy. Only two scallops to the order, and 6 or so French Onion Soup dumplings, which were by far my favorite dish. Macaroni and cheese was a close second.My co-worker highly recommended this place after a visit two weeks ago, so I went ahead and booked a table for two. Here's how I would describe this place:Crowded - so much so I actually bumped elbows with the girl at the next table several times.Deafening - I was shouting at my boyfriend because the noise was so loud. And the restaurant kept turning the volume up, which didn't help matters in the slightest.Average - the food was just not that good. I started with the blood orange jalapeno cocktail which was much too sweet. If you're looking for a fantastic jalapeno cocktail go to Sunita instead. The sweet & sour chicken and cashew spring rolls were okay but nothing you couldn't get at a dozen other restaurants. My ravioli was actually cold, which is not how I prefer to eat my pasta, believe it or not.Expensive - now I knew we were heading out for tapas before we came here, but even for tapas the portions were small. We had to keep ordering food because after four small plates we were still gagging for food! At The Stanton Social, $15 gets you three or four bites. Annoying - the wait staff was relentless when it came to clearing plates. The moment my fork hit the plate someone would try to take it from me. Funny enough, we had to ask for more silverware because though they didn't expect you to eat off the same plate, they certainly thought you should use the same knife and fork.I wouldn't recommend this place - I think New York has better offerings.Alrite, I'll preface my review by stating i'm not local to NYC, but that I was merely visiting a family member when i decided to go to the Stanton Social. I had heard great things about it, so I figured I'd take my bf and see what the hype was all about. My sister even mentioned that a reservation should be made days or weeks in advance. How could something that exclusive be bad? Right?!?! hmm???I went on a Saturday evening with my bf.where we both decided, because of the restaurant's hype to dress up for dinner. Unfortunately I don't think everyone else that was at the restaurant got the hint that the restaurant was a little less casual than a TGI Fridays...That got me a little irritated. It's always great to see people in a t-shirt and sweats, or whatever the case may be, at a place like the Stanton Social.Nevertheless, as I was distracted by the casual diners, I also was distracted by the fact that the food was just average. The menu definitely was great for vegetarians, but it didn't have that wow factor I thought it would. We had the gnocchi, asparagus, sliders and some other dishes, finishing off with the massive chocolate plate. My bf seems to think the best thing we had that night was the variety chocolate plate, I disagree, but, whatever. I like the ambiance of the place, however, if you're looking to have a chat with the people you're dining with, that might be tough. It can get loud and it is dark, but that's not too bad. Overall, it's just an OK place, perhaps I will have to try it again when I'm in NYC next and find something new to try on the menu.I just went here on monday night for an afterparty for this crazy event that I attended. It was worth a trip down here from 59th street colombus circle area. There were so many beautiful white women scantily dressed with revealing assets. I mean a flock of them.  I met some Greek, Italian, Polish, German, and everything else in between.   I am not sure if this many were from my same event but this place was impressive. I want to come back here one weekend to try a meal here. I had been drinking Hennesey and Sky Vodka all night at the other party so I only got one beer here and some water.  The environment was nice though. Great service from the bartenders.  It was an afterparty for an NFL oriented event, how did I make it here, lol.   I was impressed, there were also some NY Giants players here that night.  So that is why so many girls in really tight dresses were here too, haha. I had my fun so who cares, reaching out and getting a bit of convo with these groupie chicks I guess you can say "the MYTH  is real folks, haha- THERE are groupies out there". Very trendy place like I said, the women looked fine here.  Hella fine, I mean big asses were everywhere and this was only a monday night.  -I left about 1:30 Am, I mean it was a monday after all and had to get home.  The upstairs part is where our party was , I took a look downstairs to see how that area was as well.**Side note:I heard Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds were here just last weekend to eat brunch or whatever...See I guess the place is very Trendy.I finally made it here 2 weeks ago with a group of friends after hearing all about it. They will not seat you until your full party has arrived, which is like most places in LES. 5 of us sat in a booth and it was a bit snug, but that's ok, didn't bother us much.We ordered 8-10 tapas and were so full towards the end, even the guys stopped eating!! I remember ordering -Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies - yummyFrench Onion Soup Dumplings - I thought it was ok but the guys loved itRed Snapper Tacos - my favoriteSpicy Lamb Souvlakis - not that spicy but tastyChicken n' Waffles - nothing specialThai Spiced Baby Back Ribs - tastyvariety of sliders - all yummyWe didn't have room for dessert but heard that the donuts were the best on their menu. Will definitely save room next time to try them.Very good, a little long to wait for a reservation.  But lovely private upstairs table for party of 10.  All in all food selections were tasty.  Drinks were a bit watered down and priced high.  Bottle of wine was almost double what we paid in another NYC restaurant a couple of nights prior....I wouldn't rush back, but would go again with friends if tapas was food choice....Small plates, perfect for large groups in the downstairs dining area.Upstairs- very quaint and cozy; I believe that was the bar area. Rumor is that it can be extremely crowded but we went on a Sunday night in September so it was busy but not dead packed. Had a blast, must come back with stretchy pants.You don't understand HOW awesome this place is, you really don't. In addition to the ridiculously awesome dishes I tried the last time around (refer to first review), here is what I tried this past MondayKobe Beef Sliders - PERFECTLY cooked with a fluffy, yet complementing bun and carmalized onions. Lamb Souvleki (sp?) - No words do justice to this dish. Just go try it.Fish Tacos - I think it was the Red Snapper and my god, it was a real snapper!  Crunchy, baked taco with a concoction of fish, shallots and some super finely chopped veggies. King Prawns, more affectionately known as Gambas - Well spiced, soft, and juicy! It's amazing how shrimp/prawns in new york are generally shit, but if you pay the right price, you can get some REALLY fresh succulent ones. Absolutely LOVED my second experience at Stanton Social.Ladies, wear a pretty lil dress if you go to Sunday brunch here.Yes, the warm doughnuts ARE amazing. If I were you, I would ignore the server's suggestion about sharing them. I wanted to eat each and every single one of 'em. But that would have been uncivilized since I had  already agreed to share those. I did have my own Pomegranate peach bellini and Lobster roll. Both were sufficiently tasty. I don't know. Maybe I just had a bad attitude about brunch that day. But I just really couldn't get all hyped up about this place. It seemed noisy and pretensious with a whole lot of false bravado floating thru the air.  Maybe I should have had a drink before the brunch to loosen up a bit but I just couldn't get into it.On my next visit to NYC, I will give it a second chance.May not be "the spot" anymore, but its still got some tasty food with a energetic house vibe. Prices are redic' but alas that is NYC for you.The Stanton Social is a really cool place.  Typical New York, unassuming from the outside and stunning on the inside.  The layout of the restaurant was really inventive, they have 3 floors but really only 2.5 because the 2nd floor only had space for two large tables.  The top floor is a bar and the bottom floor is the main dining area.The 'Social' is considered a Tapas bar.  So we ordered a bunch of small dishes and everyone shared, it's sort of a fun way to have dinner!  As others have noted, the service was very very good and the restaurant seemed very well staffed, even the bathroom was spotless!  Please note that I said bathroom, they just have one and with the copious consumption of alcohol by it's patrons there is a possibility of a lineup.The food here was more than palatable, even bordering on divine.  The frequency of the food delivery was that of a well oiled machine.  It always seemed like there was a new plate arriving and we capped off our dinner with the Kobe beef sliders.  The sliders seemed like one of the more popular dishes as they were constantly being delivered to other tables.  Our meal ended with the presentation of the bill.  Yes, it was rather expensive for a group of 7 people but it was well worth it.  From the food to the service to the 'scenery,' I would definitely return.The Stanton Social, you get 4 stars because I can't give out a half star and feel like rounding down.I love the atmosphere, the crowd and the new american tapas. Stanton is great for a night out with friends , especially since the tapas are great for sharing that way you get to sample more. My favorite things here are: - french onion soup dumplings ( YUM) - potato and goat cheese pierogies with caramelized onions - the bistro salad with bacon and poached egg - chicken and waffles - grilled cheese slider with fried green tomato - kobe beef burgers ( amazing) - kobe philly sandwich - pickles - fries ( crunchy perfect) Now leave room for dessert because the donuts here are beyond words!Loved it! Two floors-upstairs is a lounge/bar area you can use while waiting for your table. We were originally offered a table upstairs but it was too loud for our preference so we decided to wait for one downstairs to become available. Service was excellent and our waitress was happy to offer us suggestions, everything she suggested was right on. Food was delicious: onion soup dumplings,  kobe beef slider and  lobster pasta. For dessert we got the doughnuts with 3 dipping sauces: SO GOOD. Definitely recommend this place for a fun and hip night out.Brought the whole family here for brunch to celebrate my sister's birthday and my god was it good.  I've been here for dinner before and enjoyed it, but I honestly think the brunch is even better.  Like others have said, it is tapas style so be prepared to share.  With a party of 6 we ordered 10 dishes (well technically 13 if you count the 3 kobe beef sliders as separate dishes... as the restaurant does).  It was the perfect amount of food... everyone was satiated but not overly stuffed.  The Ricotta Frittas and French Onion Soup Dumplings were my favorites, with the banana nut pancakes rounding out the top three.  Service was very friendly and attentive, with rounds of two dishes coming every few minutes.  Pretty much everything you could ever want in a brunch spot... well, except for unlimited mimosas and bloody mary's.  But that might be asking too much from such a nice spot.(Jan/ 2007)Creative and innovative tapas-- great for dinner for two! (The place is big-- great for large groups as well)Virtually everything we chose-- all 6 dishes-- were fantastic! The french onion soup balls were the most unusual and original dish I have seen and downright delicious. We had everything from ceviche to tacos to empanadas and even powdered donuts for dessert. You can't go wrong here. And the drinks were equally good.I'd request for the hostess to call a cab back to your hotel if you're planning to dine here late night. It''s not necessarily subway friendly.I really LOVE the food here! The atmosphere is really nice as well. I was disappointed in service on my last visit and ended up leaving. I tried for a light dinner on a Friday night. No, I didn't have a reservation, but was prepared to wait. When we saw the hostess she told us a 30 minute wait for a table, which isn't bad AT ALL. Then suggested we could go up to the lounge where there was PLENTY of seating. So we went. When we got upstairs there was a bar, which was crowded, an area with couches and tiny tables and a few larger tables. Since we were eating we sat at a larger table. OH NO! Even though their were many OPEN we had to be SEATED at those tables! We were asked to move to the couches. She said the LOUNGE upstairs so I assumed the entire upstairs (which is small) was the lounge. I thought it was silly to even suggest eating on the couch at the tiny tables. They were barely big enough for a few drinks! I would have waited the 30 minutes for a REAL table. The hostess should be a little more specific and also note that people who want to SIT DOWN for dinner, might not want to to do so at a table barely big enough for a few drinks. I really wanted to give this place 5 stars, but after that I can't.Loved it.  Get the french onion soup dumplings because they're awesome.  The red snapper tacos are great as well.Ambience was trendy and maybe just a touch too loud.  Probably good for groups looking for a nice dinner.It does not happen often but Yelp actually let me down. This place does not live up to the 4 star rating. If you are a true foodie be ready to be disappointed.  Stanton Social is a way over hyped and over rated restaurant. The food is not bad but it lacks soul. Some selections have a generic almost reheated microwave dinnerbox flavor.  The hyped up tapas style portions are tiny and way overpriced.  The place is small and cramped. In order to get in and out of your seat one must move the whole table inconveniancing the people on either side of you. The music is way too loud , so forget any type of conversation with who you're with. Also be ready to wait a while to use the restroom as there is almost always a line.  Service was ok, but on several occassions I had to wait 5 to 10 min for a round of beers.Dont believe the hype.  This place is not worth it.  If you like to eat dont come here.Only problem with The Stanton Social...what to order?? Great menu.. A little loud but it's worth it.Jesus, this place has a lot of reviews. We were about 10 minutes late for our reservation (I called ahead and told them we were running late) but had to wait about another 20 minutes. Luckily, it was probably some of the best tapas I've ever had. One of the best cocktails, too (basil lime gimlet).We had goat cheese dumplings, some french fries, risotto cakes, duck sausage... I don't know, something else. Everything was great. I would definitely go back and try the raw bar and go with a bigger group so I can get one of those cool leather couches.The only reason I subtracted a star is because the restaurant is a carbon copy of so many other LES places. It follows the same red-and-black-dimly-lit-downtempo-music-in-­background formula and attracts that same sort of crowd. Perhaps I'm one of those sheep, too, though....Man, I love this place.  The vibe, the music, the energy is so great, the food so incredible that you just are just happy to be in the mix--totally E. Village.  All types are welcome.  The friend who turned me on to it a few months back on one of my recent NYC trips basically forced me to try the colby beef sliders.  Though not really a big meat eater, I ordered it, and then ordered two more of the little 8 dollar thingys.  The BlueCorn Crabcakes were no freakin joke either!!  The music, was soooooo......ah...the music was so dead on that I could barely believe it.  Right in the pocket.  Hip Hop, without apologizing; lounge music beyond compare. Super fashionable crowd of patrons.  I understand Pharrell of Neptunes did some sort of party here last year.  I can see why.  It is soooo effin sexy.  Can be enjoyed afterwork with friends--or like me--after landing,  but recommend this one for date night.  You'll get points... Oh yes, also, they have THEEE best cocktails..had too many to remember the names...lolI would like to give this place a 3.5 star which would be something like "I could be a fan, OK?".Positives:-Food is delicious!!-Service was what is to be expected in NYC-Atmosphere is funNegatives:-Busy (as in people knocking into your chair, waiting in line at the restroom, busy)-Music got very loud around 10 which I find obnoxious in a restaurant (c'mon, this is not a club)-Pricey: tapas are tapas, not lobsters and steaksA place I would likely go again for a special occassion, but not somewhere I am frequenting for a night on the town.First impressions... The place is awesome.  Great space, great location, super trendy, but a bit cramped (i felt like a sardine).  Second impressions... "What?  I can't hear you?"  "I said, Second Impressions!" Yay, the place is loud... I mean, come on.  Is it really that necessary to blast the music like that?  Why would you stay someplace for more than an hour if you can't even hear your server.  Had they turned the music down even just a decibel, I would have ordered at least 2 more dishes, and dessert (not to mention more wine).  But instead, I missed half of what my best friend had to say, and left with a headache.  Third impressions... the food was amazing.  This is a small plates restaurant, and for two small chicks, 4 dishes were perfect.  We dinned on: The fried zucchini with tomato jam, the pizzeta, ricotta & wild mushroom raviolis, and the star of the night, the french onion soup dumplings!  OMG the dumplings were heaven.  I ordered a glass of their Malbec (smooth, not too spicy), which paired well with a majority of the dishes.  If you're looking for a cool, trendy place with amazing food, come here... but don't expect to be able to speak with your dining guests (or your server).GOOD:Sweet & Sour Chicken & Cashew Spring Rolls  Spicy Lamb Souvlakis Potato & Goat Cheese PierogiesFrench Onion Soup Dumplings Kobe Beef Burger Short Rib Soft Tacos Thai Spiced Baby Back RibsOld School MeatballsWarm DoughnutsStrawberry ShortcakePASS:Red Snapper Tacos - nothing specialWok Charred Lobster - this is one that our waitress recommended and it was the worst thing we had.  Noodles were a gloopy mess, lobster was obscured by an overbearing sauce.  Just narly.Maryland Jumbo Lump Crabcake 'Corn Dogs' - mehSocial Mac & Cheese - chorizo & ovendried tomato - dry, disappointingGuinness Toffee Cake - too sweetOverall, a fun place to eat, but it's so expensive to fill up.  Also, the truest test of all - there's nothing I'm craving days later.Really Great restaurant, if you feel like eating tapas and you have more than a couple of friends this place is such a good option.You can order different types of small tapas, try and share. The music is really good, the set up of the room and more special the food is really great. The food is really amazing, we ordered (and took photo) of the kobe burger (one per order ,we ordered 2), fries, snaper taco , the spinach cashew salad , spring rolls and than the desert. If you like passion fruit you must order the passion fruit panacota! And I regret not having ordered the onion soup and the doughnuts for desert!I will be back!! Really enjoyed...And really close by another great restaurants if they are too busy here.. The meatball shop and TRE !! =)A place with wonderful food and timely service. 1,400 reviews later I can see how it has become a very popular place.Now, I wasn't blow out of the water or anything, everything was expected. So to be fair and frank, every note sang in harmony, bathrooms were clean, and the manger was doing check-ins. A turn-off : how close we were sitting to the other tables, as if your reservation doesn't merit a decent table.Not impressed. 1 star for the ambiance, 1 star because the one time I went here we played credit card roulette... and the waiter didn't choose my credit card. PS. I'll never play again. Also, the guy who's card WAS chosen probably won't play again either!For the Win! I love Stanton Social! I have been here a number of times for dinner and drinks. Other than the the fact that it's often hard to get a reservation without booking in advance, it's a great place to go with big groups. Everything at Stanton is geared towards sharing. Many of the dishes are small and you can adjust the number of "items" according to the number in your party. I would definitely recommend the: Red Snapper Tacos (use the sauce) Chicken Spring Rolls Tuna Tartare Roll Chicken and Waffles Warm Doughnuts :)I don't eat beef, so I can't talk for the sliders, but I hear that they are quite good too! If you can't get a reservation then fear not because you can order some of the items from the menu in the bar area. The upstairs is a cool area for the smaller intimate group or girls "on the town." They have stools at the bar, standing room and plenty of seats towards the right when you enter thru the main entrance. Dress code is casual in the dining room, but upstairs people tend to be dressed up!Pros: Quality food, seriously good drinks and good servers who are helpful Cons: Upstairs can get packed and if you don't make reservations early then you will be stuck with a lame seat time.After an entire day of apartment hunting a friend and I were looking for some good, light fare. We both love LES and thought the menu at this place sounded refreshing and interesting. We arrive around 9 in the same clothes we had been apt hunting in, b/c it's LES on a Sunday night, and generally pretty casual. I open the door to have freezing air blast against my entire (slightly sunburned body), and when I am able to get a look inside I am very surprised. Everyone in the place is swanked out!! These people look like they belonged in the Meatpacking District w/ their 6 inch stilettos, mini dresses, and fancy buttoned down shirts. Anyways the dining room was packed, so the hostess sent up upstairs to the lounge. The place is sooo dark that I'm praying I don't trip and fall, but the ambiance is very cool, upscale/chill is the feeling I get. We make a beeline for this cute corner on the couches in the lounge and get to making our digestive decisions. I got the strawberry fields and my friend got the blood orange and jalapeno margarita, both awesome! We also ordered a 1/2 dozen oysters, the lobster roll, pickles, and the red snapper tacos. The food was amazing!!!! What wasn't was waiting an hour to get it and sitting right under the A/C vent. This is definitely a place I will try again, this time w/ a better outfit and a reservation.I like this place. I'm giving it four stars because their ribs were so freaking tasty, I wanted to lick the plate. Whenever I write that in a review, know that it's getting four stars. My friend and I got there early, apparently this is the place to be and so we couldn't get reservations between 6 and 9, and really enjoyed ourselves. The food was solid. If sharing, not so expensive. We definitely left full. We had the mushroom risotto, the french onion soup dumplings, chipotle grilled shrimp, thai spiced ribs and the mac and cheese. Everything was good. We did have dessert. We shared the Apple pie thingy that was divine. Seriously. I think it contained cinnamon ice cream which is a fast way to this gals heart. My friend also had the mudslide shot, which she really enjoyed. I just stuck with coffee. Oh and lastly, with my meal I had one of their cocktails--the champagne julep. It was delicious. Quite refreshing and light. I highly recommend this place. Not for a date, or for a dinner where you need to talk, but for when you're hanging with the girls, or having a fun date night (where you've been on several dates before).  I would also note that this is trendy and the place is really dark. The candles on the table do not help to see anything. Maybe it's because it's hiding the trendy factor? Not sure. Either way, take note that the place is bumping after 6 and there's almost a different feel from relaxed and empty restaurant at 5:30/5:45 to busy (can't move within the space), and loud restaurant, especially within the 15 minute window it all goes down in.I don't like it when restaurants make me feel like I'm so privileged to be sitting at a table and paying for a meal.  The food here was alright, don't get me wrong (though nothing crazy, the red snapper tacos needed better seasoning and we left a breakfast bruschetta uneaten because it was too boring to waste the calories).  Apparently SS has fantastic doughnuts but it's beach season so fuck that.  At the end of the day, I didn't get the point.  Even my Bloody Mary pissed me off - some unidentified flavor bastardized what is normally my favorite brunch cocktail.  The waiter was a dickhead, too.  He was aloof and came over to take our order not with the normal question of, "May I take your order?" rather raised his eyebrows at me as if I was holding him up from doing something more important (oh I'm sorry, I didn't realize working here wasn't actually your job).  I don't plan on coming back here, but they get 2 stars because the French fries were rather good.I have come to Stanton Social a few times solely to party and once for a late group dinner. It's a restaraunt turned lounge in the evenings.  Two levels, go on upstairs where the party begins.  TIP: the best bathroom with usually no line is downstairs! Party: Great! Non-pretentious crowd.  Excellent music, especially if Omari is on the turntables...you're in for a GOOD NIGHT! The prices of drinks are like any Manhattan place that kind of tries to hard.  I am not at all impressed with the bartenders, they think they are way cooler than they are...sadly.  You don't get attitude from the crowd but the bartenders, you can and likely will get some 'tude there.  They don't take table reservations, which is great! You can get there early and snag a table for you and your friends...go to the bar grab some drinks, dance by your table...all without having to spend $500 on a bottle. Food:  We did shared plates and there was enough to share....we were thoroughly impressed.  Everything was YUMMY.  YUMMY.Just aright ... I think it was a hell of a lot better a few years back. The slides and lobster roll where good and they where generous with the drinks. My only peeve was that they brought out regular milk with the coffee instead of cream! Come on at least ask. Overall it a nice place to impress a first date or meet up with all your friends. The food could be better for the price.The food the atmosphere and the wine at this place is just awesome.I hadn't been here in awhile but decided to bring some out of town guest to check it out.Let just say the moment I sat down I knew this was a great choice. I fell in love with the Caesar Salad bites. This is the best idea ever. We got about 7 different dishes, my favorite being the red snapper tacos.I can't believe i hadn't been there in so long I was so mad at myself. Can't wait to go backAwesome food, trendy atmosphere.Had a great dinner here with my two good friends before our high school reunion.  We got 6 plates total, plus a bottle of champagne.  Around $50 each.  The plates were: French onion soup dumplings (innovative and amazingly good)Tuna tartare rolls (my favorite)Risotto cakesLobster pizzetteButternut squash ravioliWasabi pea crusted salmon (least favorite, but that's because I'm not a salmon fan)Service was good -- we were seated promptly and our waiter came around enough, though he forgot that we had champagne left over until I asked about it.  We left satisfied, but I definitely wish we had gotten more just because everything was so good!  Would definitely go back when I'm not a student anymore with a group.  I don't think it's the best place for a getting-to-know-you date.This place rocks!!!  I love Stanton Social...NOT too fond of the seating downstairs as it is extremely tight.  I mean you're literally touching elbows with the person next to you.  If you can, try to eat upstairs at the lounge area where you have plenty of room and on the weekends, the DJ plays great Music...80s mash-ups with up-to-date songs.  Thursday to Saturday after 9 or 10pm is the best time to go here.Regarding the food, I can't say enough so I will go without saying anything.  A must try, the food absolutely speaks for itself...I go almost every week!!!!  Remember, ALWAYS, ALWAYS, ALWAYS make reservations.  ENJOY!!!My friends have been talking about and goong to this place forever and I just have never been. Out of town one weekend, working late one night, washing my hair a third time....it just never worked out to the point that my friends would introduce me as "the only guy to have never gone to Stanton Social"So, finally, after probably 2 years of trying, I am happy to announce that I HAVE made it to Stanton it's pretty outstanding. The concept revolves around small, shared plates, making a fun, interactive dining experience. Service was on point all night and it has a kick ass martini list which unfortunately led to a less than stellar performance at work the next day. Needless to say, I don't actually actually remember the names. Let's just say that 4 were tried, a couple were repeated, and all were excellent.      Since I was dining the experienced Stanton patrons, they knew the highlights (French Onion Pops, Chicken & Waffles, Potato Perogies, Crab Cake Corndogs) and we threw in a couple that were new to them (Meatballs, Salmon). All but the chicken and waffles were outstanding and those weren't terrible either.   For dessert we topped it off with the freah doughnuts with dipping sauce and called it a night. A good time was had by all and I will definitely be back, hopefully before 2012!Okay ideally I would like to give 4.5 stars, so I was considering giving 4, but that just didn't seem to do this place justice.  So 5 stars it is.I'm usually skeptical of places where you order a number of small plates and share.  Usually I get stuck with one unsatisfying bite of mediocre food.  The food at Stanton Social, however, was so full of flavor and delicious that every tiny bite was damn amazing.  My favorite dishes were definitely the French Onion Soup Dumplings, Maryland Jumbo Lump Crabcrake Corn Dogs, Pan Roasted Day Boat Scallops, and the Stanton Social Beef Wellington.  OH BEEF WELLINGTON HOW I LOVE YOU.  One of the best, melt-in-your-mouth bites of beef I've ever had.  The foie gras mousse probably had something to do with it.  The Social Mac & Cheese was also phenomenal.The reason why I would deduct 1/2 star is because I was disappointed by the dessert.  We had the chocolate tasting, which was very average.  It didn't seem to fit with the rest of the meal.Definitely make reservations before coming here; we had to make our reservation two weeks before just to get a table at a normal dinner time.  It's actually quite a small restaurant, but with a lively and fun atmosphere.  For two people, with drinks, one dessert, two coffees and tip, the bill was about $200.Can I say awesome?  It's been a while since my taste buds and eyes have been completely wowed!  It came highly recommended by several of my coworkers although I walked in a little skeptical, as usual.  This is a tapas style restaurant where it's recommended to order 2-3 dishes per person for everyone to share at the table.  I want to call this place the ultimate Fusion cuisine!  I was looking forward to the highly acclaimed French Onion Soup Dumplings, especially after they were featured in Food Network's Best thing I Ever Ate.  It did not disappoint!  We were a large group so we were able to try many dishes:Wok Charred Edamame with spicy miso glazeKobe Beef SlidersGrilled apple & brie QuesadillaRed Snapper TacosChicken and WafflesRaviolisChipotle Grilled shrimpsPotato & Goat Cheese Pierogies with Creme FraicheSeared Hudson Valley Foie GrasDon't underestimate the power of tapas.  Although it comes a little bit at a time, our stomachs were filled very quickly.  For desert, we finished our meals with the warm Donuts (with 3 dipping sauces)- OMG~ and the Cookies & Milk tray with a side of Hot Chocolate Mudslide Shots.  I'm normally not a cookie type of gal but these cookies were hot and gooey and we just couldn't stop eating them!  Everything was DELICIOUS and presentation of each dish was unique.  I HIGHLY recommend it, a MUST EAT!!water! water! waiter, water please! They use so much sodium in all their dishes! I think I filled myself up with their cocktails and water rather than the food. I guess that's good if you're on a date. For two people we ordered to share -A dozen East & West Coast OystersFrench Onion Soup Dumplings, the sweet onion balanced out the super salty cheeseWasabi Pea Crusted Salmon (favorite thing we ordered)Shrimp & Grits, came with two shrimps ontop a bed of grits, six shrimps in total orderSocial Mac & Cheese, i usually love mac and cheese but this was just salt overload! Stanton Social is definitely a cute date spot or a nice spot to catch up with friends. We sat upstairs so it was relatively quiet. I would come back again and try their other tapa dishes, hopefully the kitchen lays low on the salt next time.So, can anyone tell me why this place is still successful at fooling people into thinking it's cool? The food is overpriced and awful, so I guess one good thing is that you get so little of it. But when I say awful, I mean truly awful. I guess you could say one comes here for ambiance, but even for that, I mean, really? Squished into a really dark space is your idea of ambiance?Sometimes all you need to create "atmosphere" is really snooty service, so on that end, they are great. But as for me, I will take my snooty service where it's earned, not at some sad hovel on the lower east side that will be trendy for two seconds and a haven for has-beens soon after.I am new to the area, and this came highly recommended. It was a really cute and chic place. I gave four stars due to the food. I love tapas, but some of ours were cold. I loved the taquitos, but we ordered the chicken and waffles, and didn't love it. He waitress was awesome and so were the adult beverages, so we didn't bother complaining. A great spot for drinks and socializing. I'll be back.Overpriced.Walked out with an empty stomach and an emptier wallet.Trendy / lively atmosphere, but that's about the most positive things I can about muster about it.A weak rail vodka tonic starts at $12.Very loud and too crowded.Bizarrely eclectic menu.  Some things were tasty, but again so over priced it was not worth it. For example 4 meagar pieces of sea bass on satay skewers cost $30! unacceptable.Will not return.Fun, attractive, trendy, good and pricey!The appetizer selections are all real fun and all taste real good. Greeks have been doing this for century's so the concept is not new to me. Come to Astoria and find many restaurants doing this for ages. Anyway musts are french onion dumplings, red snapper taco's, potato goat cheese. Stiff drinks and great scene. Must make reservations in advance or you'll be doomed at the bar, which might just be a blessing in disguise.Superbbbbbbbbbbbbb! **** I highly recommend the french onion dumplings, they are quite unique and come with 6 of them total. ****Perfect place for either a couple OR a small group of 3-4 girls. ****The dessert (Strawberry sundae) was more than delightfully amazing. ****Everything ordered was no disappointment. ****Completely satisfied with the taste of every single tapa! ****The place is comfortably set... it's trendy but comfortable. ****Service was on point and it was an exceptional experience.Best tapas place I've ever been...which is why I continue to come back for more and moreI decided to check out Stanton Social with a friend after reading all the reviews raving about it on Yelp.  We met there at about 6pm midweek, for a light dinner before heading out to the New Museum (I picked this place because it was close to the museum).  The hostess refused to seat us downstairs because we didn't make a reservation--even though the place looked really empty.  She suggested we go up to the lounge.  While, I liked the decor of the lounge, being rejected by the hostess didn't leave a good first impression with us. I have to admit that the French Onion Soup Dumplings are even more amazing than I had imagined!  I would be giving this place 5-Stars if I had only the dumpings and the drinks (my Strawberry Fields cocktail was shockingly good).  But, the rest of the stuff we ordered was just "ok".  The philly cheesestake slider was pretty good, but so small that we each barely got a bite.  The kobe slider was just as small and totally tasteless.  The fries were meh.  We were hoping that 4 dishes would fill us up because we're small girls... but they didn't.  So we went ahead and ordered the fish tacos, which were tastey, but nothing special.If you go, don't bother with the sliders.  For the same price, you can get a better full-sized burger anywhere else.  Which brings me to my next point: Don't come here if you're hungry.If you're willing to dish out $13 for good drinks and share a snack with friends, it's a lovely scene... but don't expect "a meal" for less than $40-$50 a person.Completely overrated, which I'm sure most New Yorkers know by now. Despite living here for many years, I had not been to Stanton Social, and thought it might be a safe place to go for my birthday. BAD IDEA.Went on a Saturday night, with reservations. One member of the party was 10 mins late, but we were not seated for another 30 minutes, despite a table of 8 being empty. It was broken down to accommodate other guests just after our last friend arrived (we watched as our full party was present). I found it completely unacceptable since we clearly had reservations and were told to wait at the bar. But we were NEVER informed that our table was being given away until we re-approached the hostess ourselves, and found out the empty table we were staring at was supposed to be ours. I've found a 5-10 min grace period common with other places in the city, so I'm not clear why this place would be an exception. Not to mention the hostess was clearly snide and made no attempt to be apologetic or even feign an attempt at helping us.We were waiting around in the crowded coat check area 45 mins after our original reservation time, and finally escorted to a tiny booth that typically accommodates 6, and asked to squeeze in. (Yes, many of my friends and I are small, but we are still adults, and it felt quite insulting!) One of my friends was seated by the hostess in the aisle, blocking the poor waiters the whole night.The food was passable, but definitely not as hyped. The french onion soup dumpling were way too salty. Tacos small, pretty tasty but not satisfying. A few other forgettable dishes. I'll just conclude by saying the table next to us was a group of high school girls celebrating some event or another and I realized that reflected the entire experience. I'm embarrassed I even stayed for dinner--completely not worth the time, money and EFFORT it took to get a table that honored by original reservation. Will never return.2.5-Meh, the food is decent. I would given this place 3 stars if the price was more fair.4 people is probably the ideal size; If you have two people, you probably wouldn't be able to sample that many dishes. Definitely not worth the price. We paid about $30/person and we ordered about 10 plates total and there were 5 of us. Obviously, we were more on the conservative side with quantity b/c we wanted to sample which dishes were good, but they were mostly mediocre.1) French onion soup dumping: 3/5 eh...not that great2) Beef Carpaccio: 3.5/53) Red snapper taco: 3/5--crunchy taco shell4) Hudson Valley Foie Gras: 2.5/5; Since Californians are deprived of this...then we go to NYC to eat it!5) Thai spiced baby back ribs: 2.5/56) Short rib taco: 3/57) Potato and Goat cheese pierogies: 3/58) Warm donuts -5/5 best plate of the night!! yum..on the caramel!9) Chocolate tasting 3/5--avg, nothing specialProb will not come back, but good food and great plating on every dish!This place is delicious a bit pricey but well worth it. I hate mad&cheese but I love stanton socials ! The French onion soup dumplings I think everyone orders because they are amazing!!!! So so good like nothing you could ever imagine. All in all it's a must try at least once. The place gets packed so better make reservationsThere are places that are good at accomodating big groups of places.. and those that are not.  This place is GREAT at handling large groups.Trendy inside.. you should plan to dress up.  We didn't and looked out of place.The bar is unfortunately upstairs.. the staircase is not air conditioned.. and it's kind of awkwardly placed.  They were able to accomodate all the tastings for eight people.  That is amazing.  We didn't even have to ask for it.. it's just what they do.  Service was impeccable as well.  Water bottle was always full.. plates were expertly cleared and picked up as soon as possible.  Wow.The food is a hit or miss... for example, wild mushroom risotto cakes were not that great.  More like just risotto with dried mushrooms on top.  Other things that were mediocre to poor.. warm piquillo pepper bruschetta, zucchini tempura, barbque duck confit and black bean empanadas, French onion soup dumplings, and this pulled chicken thing... so priceyness for that kind of sucks.Things that were good was the creme fraiche with truffle oil sauce which was really good with the pierogies.  The yellowfin tuna sashimi was really good with avocado as well as the red snapper tacos (and I am usually not a fan of fish tacos).Take your chances but a good place to bring a group.Came here for an intimate, NYC-style Christmas-eve dinner with my bf and was not disappointed. None of the food was life-changing, but it was definitely an enjoyable experience.The scene does not disappoint. It's trendy, new, chic... very classy, without feeling stuffy. There are candles everywhere, and for Christmas, they had ornaments dangling from the light fixtures, and giant wreathes. Very see-and-be-seen kinda place. 5-star ambiance. Great date spot if you're trying to impress.The food was good, but nothing stood out as great or amazing. definitely not a life-changing meal you'd hope for if you are paying for it. We started with the frites (good, but i'm still a sucker for my MickeyD's, served with mayo and ketchup), lobster roll (nice roll, lobster filling tasted not that lobstery and not very succulent, but it was still good), and the philly kobe slider (this was my favorite of the night, it was juicy and succulent). Then we had the french onion soup dumplings, which were like cheese-encrusted bites of french onion soup. it was good, but not mind blowing. great presentation, with the croutons on skewers poked into the individual dumplings. we finished off with the beef wellington (overly-flavored for my taste, but this was my bf's fave) and the oven-roasted beets (if they coulda added feta cheese i think this would've been stellar).Service was top knotch. It seems like all the servers were young, cute, and very helpful, which is a nice change from NYC-style service. overall, it was a very cute restaurant, which easily impresses anyone you bring. the food was good, but nothing was that memorable or amazing. would come back, but would like to try other spots first.My friends hosted a birthday dinner for me here, and my overall experience was fantabulous.1) Come here if you enjoy tapas style portions. For example, you are not going to get a rack of lamb when you order "lamb". Two of my friends were dumb enough (or smart enough, depending on whose point of view) to attend the Googa Mooga festival before dinner, so they weren't THAT hungry. It's great, because that means there's more food for me!2) Food Recommendations - I remember the mushroom ravioli as being fantastically delicious, but then again, I'm biased because I'm a mushroom ravioli fanatic. Seriously, everything I had was mouth watering so just go with whatever dish catches your fancy.3) Cocktail recommendations - at $13 per glass, have everyone order something different and trade drinks. I'm a huge fan of the Pineapple Martini and the Social Tea.4) Dress Code - I saw a few tables in jeans & a tshirt, but this is a perfect place to get dressed up for a date or for a dinner with your friends.This place makes my list for romantic & cuddly date spots. Take me?We came here as a group to celebrate my not-so-little brother's birthday about a week ago. We had a reservation and arrived beforehand, but still, there was a little bit of a wait to be seated. This place is crowded and loud, this is not particularly a complaint and was to be expected - Although, the seating arrangements do not make sense, the tables and chairs are too close together and it is obnoxious to have fellow guests and wait staff knocking into you every few minutes. Nonetheless, the waiter was a real dear, as was the hostess. The food is prepared for sharing and they were even able to provide us with 8 of everything that we wanted to try, so this establishment is great for groups. For some reason, drinks take forever to reach the tables. That was a definite con, as was the music - The DJ was terrible... But most importantly, the food was pretty amazing, we were impressed.For dinner:French onion soup dumplings, oysters, kobe beef burger sliders, Rhode Island style lobster rolls, chicken & waffles, Creekstone Farms braised short rib soft tacos and the Essex Street pickles. Everything was delicious. Honestly, no complaints concerning the food. It's definitely the main reason I'd ever return here. Yum!For dessert: The menu on the website seems to have changed since I visited, probably because there's a unique winter dessert menu that I was lucky enough to experience, so I'll list what I can remember - We had the warm doughnuts, the chocolate tasting, gingerbread twinkie (filled with pumpkin cream cheese), some sort of chocolate creme brulee, assorted ice creams/sorbets, some sort of mocha ice cream sundae and bourbon hot chocolate shots. Again, everything was amazing.I think that the prices are exceptionally reasonable for the quality and quantity of food that they are serving. We were very pleased, and almost a little surprised,  when the check arrived. Well worth it.I'm definitely considering returning here for my birthday, especially if I can reserve my own little area for my party... It would also be a plus if the music changed because I had a headache by the time we left. A person can only take so much Katy Perry, Britney Spears and Justin Bieber.Amazing bar scene! Food is delicious but on the expensive side. Gotta love the Kobe beef sliders though you should ask for a side of blue cheese to really make the flavor jump.We sat on little couches and ended up meeting some very interesting people. (Some good, some bad.) - All in all it was a memorable night.This is definitely a cute, trendy place to eat. The food was tasty, but because of the small portions each person has to order two things in order to be fairly satiated. My boyfriend and I ordered the red snapper tacos, goat cheese pierogies, the pizetta, the honey-brie quesadillas, and the spicy edamame. It was enough for the two of us and the bill came to about $58 with coffee (no drinks or dessert - we are on a budget). Overall, it was tasty and I enjoyed being able to sample several things. It was pricey, and I was concerned about us not getting enough food.Went to Stanton Social for brunch today and got to try an assortment of items on the menu as the portions are small and are meant to be shared:*Lobster Benedict*Goat Cheese Benedict w/chorizo*Banana Pancakes*Red Snapper Tacos*Chilaquiles*Croque Monseiur Satays*Donuts w/FudgeI really wanted to rate them in order of preference but they were all equally savory and flavorful.  If I had to pick one favorite, it would be the banana pancakes, they were awesome and a group favorite. I'm giving this place 4 stars because the drinks were on the weak side and at $13 a piece, they shouldn't be! The drinks also took forever to arrive as there was only 1 bartender today preparing everything upstairs. After 2 drinks I never even got a buzz. I've been wanting to try this place for a long time and I'm glad I did, but at $65 bucks for brunch, it's not something I would do all the time. Still an awesome place!Went with my bf and another couple, and we all enjoyed the experience. Food was great - small plates, everything shared, great wines. French onion soup dumplings are yummy and unique. Crab cake "corn dogs" were just what they sounds like - crab cakes on a stick, tasty. Lobster risotto (special that night) was delicious and rich. Braised short rib soft tacos were good, but nothing special. Red snapper tacos were a winner. Bistro salad was refreshing.Only complaint would be how tight it is in there. We were seated upstairs in the corner, but the table next to us was so close, you had to either sit in their food to scoot out to get to the restroom, or you had to fully move out one of the tables to make room. Also, this place is not cheap, especially if you order drinks, so be warned. But you will enjoy the food, and the atmosphere is good for small groups.Had the pleasure of eating through the menu on someone else's dime.  It's been proven that free food tastes 23% better so keep that in mind when I give it 4 stars. There was so much food I can't remember but the standouts include the oysters, the burgers, the ribs, and the chicken and waffles. The atmosphere would be awesome for a date as long as you've had 2 drinks beforehand.  The noise can be a little much to start the night off here. It's a solid rec to make if you're new to the area.Picture a silhouette of the young and sexy wanting to see, be seen, to impress and be impressed. You're at The Stanton Social.10:30 PM, SATURDAYAs soon as I walked in, I smelled pretense, excitement and flirtation. It seemed as though the food was never the main concern. And somehow I didn't mind either. I expected it.I CAN'T HEAR YOU. I CAN'T READ6 of us were seated immediately. Service was prompt and professional. But as alert and energetic as we were, we all turned half blind and half deaf. Club music swallowed our conversations. Dim candles were our major source of vision. We had to yell at each other and to our waitress. Sometimes we couldn't even hear our servers but the movements of their lips. "Maybe all this was to make us focus on eating and nothing else," a friend joked. "The food better be good."TAPAS: SOLID OR PLAIN?It was suggested that we ordered about 8 plates to share, and so we did. None of them were bad. They just didn't make a strong impression. The ones that got along with my taste buds? Thai Spiced Baby Back Ribs. Pan Roasted Day Boat Scallops. Spicy Lamb Souvlaki. True, I was full after sampling 8 dishes, but mentally I wasn't satisfied. It was as if I needed a closure. Just something.I LOVE YOU TOFFEE CAKEI prayed and prayed for some fabulous dessert and my closure. My prayer was answered. Lo and behold: Toffee cake with Bailey's ice cream. Fabulous. Apple Pie Sundae. Fabulous. I was peaceful. I was calm. I had a sweet closure.1:30 AM, SUNDAYWe paid our bills and the numbers were steep. Not surprising, no?It was still loud and busy as heck when we left. Where did time go? Must have been muted by Manhattan's endless energy and all.Considering that I will be the 1,412 person to review Station Social - I will keep things brief and to the point. First - Love the décor. Like the staff. Hate how loud it is and how close you sit to the next table over. Second - Review of what we had-French Onion Soup Dumplings - Loved. My favorite. Could have eaten the whole thing myself :-)- Chicken n Waffles - Both me & my BF were disappointed. The chicken  n Waffles were a bit dry. - Thai Calamari  - Very good. Liked the kicked up Thai dipping sauce.- Thai Spiced Baby Back Ribs - Borderline loved. My second favorite. Packed with flavor and so tender they were literally falling off the bone.- Warm Donuts - Good, but I have had better. They were not as doughy as I like them.- Peanut Butter Bon Bons - Wasn't really a fan. Could have passed on ordering these.Third - They knew it was my BF's birthday (well I told them) and they brought him out a complimentary cupcake. I thought that was really nice since most place won't do anything for you or they would charge you. Fourth - Drinks were good, but kind of small, but then again we are in NYC.Oh stanton, you so pretty...I can totally see why people like you. I'm sure your cocktails are delicious and I'm sure your music is poppin', but why cant your portions be too?!My girls and I recently went here for a food porn brunch and it was hardly an orgy for the senses. I can understand the shared plates idea--in fact, I love that it allows me to order more so i can try more, but Stanton Social takes it to a new level. Not only do you get 3 or 4 pieces a plate, they're also miniscule (except for the doughnuts and french onion soup dumplings).Speaking of doughnuts.. they were delightfully soft and airy! The caramel was a nice touch and although they didn't need it. Fish tacos, breakfast costini and lamb souvlaki were also good, but not memorable. What was memorable was the french onion soup dumplings... mostly because none of us knew what to expect.. we thought they'd be dumplings in soup! (they're actually dumplings of soup.. clever!)All in all, it wasn't a bad meal, but i'd prefer spending that money else where. P.S.I am glad I tried it though!Amazing.Sat upstairs at the bar for some cocktails and a little bite to eat.Blood orange jalapeno margarita.  Yes.French onion soup dumplings.Goat cheese pierogies with truffle creme fraiche.Chicken and waffles.Duck flatbread.Amazing.  All of it.Great service, great ambience, and a really fun spot.  I will be back!Love this place.GREAT food. GREAT. Everything I've tried here is delicious. The chicken spring rolls, the mac and cheese, the meatballs - all amazing. The music is super loud, but I like that. If I can bob my head while I eat I'm a happy camper. It's always super loud in general here, though, so it's not a place to go to if you're trying to get to know someone. More like the place you go when you are close enough that you can just sit, enjoy the atmosphere, the music, and alllll the yummy food. It's a bit pricey, but I feel like tapas usually are, and the food is good so it doesn't make it lose a star for me. Oh, and finish everything off with a milkshake shot. They're good! Probably one of my fave NYC restaurants.Great brunch place! My friend took us here and we loved it. She'd made reservations beforehand so we were able to be seated right away. Surprisingly, it wasn't busy at all and we were one of the few occupied tables in the restaurant-which is pretty rare. My friend swears by their warm doughnuts w/ the caramel dipping sauce, so we ordered those as well as the pancakes, tacos, french onion soup dumplings, and a ton of other stuff that I now can't remember. Everything is tapas style, so you can try a lot of different dishes. It was all really good, so I want to come back to try more.Their restroom was also really nice :).There is definitely quality in the food, and the flavors come together well on 7 out of 10 dishes we got. I enjoyed the food. Music is loud which made communication bit difficult, felt like a club for a moment.Service is good.Drink menu is ok but bit pricey! cheapest drink is more expensive then an average entree! this is when you know a drink is overpriced! i would say go there to eat, then go out drinking afterwards.  Good jobComing from Stockholm Sweden I was hoping for a great culinary experience. Also, I´m am really fond of the "share" idea. We had reserverd a table at 20 pm and arriving a little late(5 minutes) we where ushered up to the lounge for drinks. I had one very watery and disapointing Dry martini and Linda had a likewise watery Margueritha.  We didn´t have to wait that long and we got a quit decent table in a both. The ambience in the restaurant was good, fairly young people in mostly quite .large companies  was making the feel of the room really buzzing. The Food? well, we had the famous french union soup dumplings, the red snapper tacos, crabbcorn sewers(dont remember the exact name) a salad of spinach and feta cheese and the kobe beef sliders . And how was it? well, maybe I had my hopes to high but to tell you the truth, I really thought that most of it was rather disapointing. The Dumplings was allright, but I prefer the real thing, The red snapper tacos was really good, a winner! The Crabbcorn Sewers, or what ever its called, was really bland and unintressting. The Salad was quit good and intressting. The sliders  was competently executed but nothing more. All in all a rather disapointing first restaurant on this 10 days New York crusade. The Tab landed far over what I thought it was worth so no more than 2 stars from meOMG BECKEY! This place was like, totally hot. Seriously though. I came late to a dinner party and was greeted but the tastiest little edible delights I have have in a long time. The most memerable ( I'm drunk and I can't spell) things I had were the French Onion Soup Dumplings (oral orgasmictastic), The Blood Orange jalapeno margarita, and the fried donuts. Magical doesnt begin to explains what was going on in my mouth... mmmmm, mouth magical ness.p.s I just noticed the spell check button at the bottom of this texty window thing, and I say screw you spell check button thing, screw you!This place was recommended by a friend and we went there for a 2pm Brunch on a Saturday. The place was moderately crowded and I liked the relaxed atmosphere. I am a huge fan of the small plates or "tapas" concept but if you are not don't go there for brunch. The cocktails are - as the food - little bit pricey (13 USD) but really delicious. I highly recommend the pancakes, the Pierogies, red snapper tacos (perfect spiciness) and the egg&steak. The lamb souvlakies and french onion soup dumplings were good too. However, I wasn't a big fan of their version of Mac&Cheese, it just was too soggy and the tomatoas didn't work for me.If you don't mind paying a premium price for high quality small plates and you like sharing family style then definitely go there.  If not, then don't waste your time.   I'll be going there again...I went to Stanton 5 years ago with friends... and it stood out to me. I remembered it five years later. I specifically remembered the beef wellington. So, to me a place you remember fondly 5 years later, is a place to revisit.And they did NOT disappoint. I was so happy I chose to bring my sisters and mom here for my sisters birthday. We had the wellington of course (my favorite). Melts in your mouth.... the mac and cheese which was sister 1's favorite, the dumplings, brie and apple flatbread, mushroom ravioli, and asparagus. The service was outstanding, and we pretty much got to try every dessert on the menu. Our waitress Sarah was super friendly and helpful and the manager there was superb. I will be back. If you try a dessert the red velvet twinkies were my favorite... but my sister said the truffles were "little orgasm balls", so try those as well ;o)sisters second one of these guystwitter.com/#!/slb75/med…Love love this place. It's so much fun. The drinks are delish and the food is meant to be shared. The French onion soup dumplings and the meatballs are a a must. How can you say no? I will say it is loud but it gets you ready for a night out. It's full of pretty people. Food for your eyes and tummy :)After a disappointing night of dinning on Saturday night I woke up Monday morning with faith in NYC dining once again thanks to Stanton Social.Sunday started with a friend that comes into town often wanting to meet up for dinner and drinks. Im not usually a fan of the EV but I had wanted to try the Meatball Shop for some time. We showed up at 830 on a Sunday night and to my dismay at the the time there was a 90 minute wait.... So i pulled out my handy Yelp app on my phone and searched for near by restaurants. As I scrolled down the list I saw Stanton Social. I had heard of the SS before, but didnt know anything about it.I was immediately impressed with the decor and ambiance of SS. When I spoke to the hostess she asked if we had a reservation, we didnt, but they sat us immediately in the dinning room. Our waiter was rather helpful walking us through the menu and suggesting dishes that sounded amazing. OBetween three people we ended up settling on 7 dishes: Wok Charred Edamame Spicy Miso Glaze (added amazing flavor to a usually bland dish), Warm Piquillo Pepper 'Bruschetta (Stuffed with garlic goat cheese), Red Snapper Tacos (came garnished with a creamy avacado sauce and had a sweet mango glaze),  Maryland Jumbo Lump Crabcake 'Corn Dogs' (a simple yet new twist to spice up a boring crab cake), Chipotle Grilled Shrimp (absolutely divine), Grilled Apple & Brie Quesadilla ( stuffed with mustard maple syrup sauce and bacon bits) and finally Old School Meatballs (because I was craving meatballs all day).Although all the dishes were small i felt like I had consumed a 4 course meal! After our meal the waiter came by with the dessert menu. I thought I had nothing left but as soon as I saw the Hot Chocolate Mudslide Shot i knew I could never turn down a shot especially one that came with Patron, Baileys and a homemade marshmallow! Once it hit the table the warm chocolate and tequila warmed my core and got me ready for the rest of the night.The finally bill for the night was $142 that we split three ways. While that might sounds high, the quality of the food was amazing, I didnt feel like I was sitting right on top of the table next to us and was able to enjoy the conversation at the table. I would recommend Stanton Social to anyone on a date or in small groups. I will be back again.Ok again... what is with these reviews! Here's the truth...went on a fri at 7pmThe atmosphere is cool, yes its a decent scene.. the 1st floor had mostly older people late 30s 40s.. the drink was SMALL!!!! good but too small! The food:whoever says the onion soup dumplings are good has to be crazy!So gross, the cheese they use has a smell like plastic, cheesy feet smell. My friend was disgusted... had teh Kobe burger , smaller than a white castle if u can imagine. It tasted just ok, no flavor,, but u need 5 of them to feel full.then the red snapper tacos.. I hated them. tasted microwaved from the frozen food aisle The Bill was Super high we both left there STARVING!!!! I'd say its good for a first date like first meeting up with someone.. for an hour.. Def not for dinner. you'll have to order the whole menu to be full.Tapeo 29 is WAY better!! They give u a ton more bang for your buck, cute but small inside. but for a date its great! Friendly staff too.PERFECT for my son's 20th birthday party of 8. This small spot had a full house and a pleasantly happening vibe on the Wednesday night that we visited, which is essential for special occasons. The food was truly memorable. We ran through more than a dozen of the small plate dinner items. The french onion soup dumplings and the goat cheese pierogi were such hits that we asked for seconds of both. The sliders, lobster rolls, snapper tacos, ribs, donuts, red velvet twinkies, and much more were all delish. Who knew that the cookies and milk would prove to be the secret star of the dessert menu? And our server was the perfect combination of ever present and ever ready just when we needed her. They even had a special menu for the gluten-free member of our party. Thank you, Stanton Social, for making me the mom with the mostest. Nothing like a successful birthday dinner for your twenty-something guests to keep customers raving and singing your special praises. Be sure to reserve early for a party of our size (we made our reservation a month in advance).P.S. Please tell your snarky hostess, who wanted us to wait in the upstairs bar while I could see our table ready for us, to cool her jets. She created a lousy first impression, which everything that followed fully overcame...The Stanton Social: Special Brunch EditionWe first decided we'd try The Stanton Social for brunch after hearing that Chris Santos was the brain behind it (you know, one of the judges on Food Network's Chopped?). We figure if he's good enough to be a regular judge, then his own restaurant should live up to its popularity. Bottom line: we weren't disappointed (although we were jealous of some of the tables next to us).Spicy Lobster Benedict [$13] -- Overall, delicious. A big, juicy piece of lobster meat on each mini English muffin half with wilted spinach, a quail egg, and chipotle hollandaise. The small spinach salad with a light vinaigrette helped to cut the fattiness of the dish, but was definitely only there for texture. The spice in the hollandaise with the texture of the lobster absolutely made this dish.Croque Monsieur Satays [$9] -- As good as any croque monsieur I've ever tasted (can you go that wrong with ham, gruyere, bechamel, and toast?), but here's the problem: making one huge ooey, gooey, cheesy, melty sandwich into four 1 inch x 1 inch squares (with 3 slices of bread, mind you) didn't make it any better. The flavor was there, but if you're going to put these itty bitty squares on a stick, shouldn't it taste even better than the original? Our advice- if you're craving it, get it. Otherwise, order something more innovative and interesting flavor wise.French Onion Soup Dumplings [$12] -- If you read any of the reviews on Yelp, you'll notice right away that this is one of the Stanton Social's claims to fame. It lives up to its reputation. In the words of Rachael Ray, YUM. O. Nuff said.Kobe Beef Burger/Slider [$7] -- Yes, this was delicious, with some sort of sweet barbecue-like sauce with a little bit of cooked onion, but way too small for $7. Really? One slider? I mean, I know it's Kobe Beef, but even the Cheesecake factory down in Jersey is giving them away for 10 bucks and it's adult sized. Skip this one and try something else on this eclectic menu.Chicken and Waffles [$18] -- So so good... We were hesitant about the balsamic maple drizzle, but the chicken was juicy and the skin was crispy, and the corn waffle underneath was great. There was also what we think was a corn puree underneath the chicken, which had great flavor.  Our only unfulfilled desire was this: a crispy waffle! It's possible this was done on purpose, but every waffle I've ever had was crispy on the outside and pillow soft on the inside. Worth $18? Probably not, but it's worth trying.If we could have sampled these small, almost tapas like plates ahead of time, we would have nixed the Kobe burger and Croque monsieur satays right away for taste and value. But the 2 tables next to us had the right idea. They had both ordered the Huevos Rancheros [$12] and Red Snapper Tacos [$10]. The smell of these mini tacos wafted their way to our table from both sides (it was almost cruel)- not to mention they both were popular dishes throughout the restaurant.  The tables next to us seemed VERY happy with their choices. If we come back in the near future, we would try these in addition to the Potato Latkes with sour cream and apple sauce [3 per order for $6] in a heartbeat.We're saving this comment for last because we didn't want it to interfere with your first impression of the food, but it needs to be said. We find that no one on the internet has commented on this, maybe because it's embraced or appreciated? Or maybe because people thought they were imagining it? Or maybe because it's not that big of a deal? But there was... a strong smell of... cheese!  It's pretty smelly cheese. It's DAMN GOOD, especially in the soup dumplings, but if you're not a super duper cheese lover or you stray away from the cheese counter at Whole Foods because the smell suffocates you, just be prepared. It caught us off guard at first, but it shouldn't interfere with your dining experience.Great space, great atmosphere, and ORDER 5-6 DISHES for 2 people. Otherwise, you definitely won't leave full.Well done, Chris Santos. Next- Jeffrey Zakarian (JK-maybe later)!4.5 starsGreat place for brunch and very unique concept! Brunch here is served tapas style, which is perfect for me since:1) I always want to try multiple things 2) I have a tough time making decisions =PIf you have a big appetite this might not be the place for you as the portions are fairly small and the dishes are a bit pricey for what you get. Loved everything we tried, and had to exert considerable self-control to keep from over-ordering! (had plans to visit a churrascaria for dinner that day and needed to save room!) Everything on the menu looks delicious and I definitely want to make a return visit in order to try more! We had the social mac and cheese, warm doughnuts with caramel, breakfast bruschetta, croque monsieur satays, and potato latkes. Of those, my favorites were the warm doughnuts (a must if you're a caramel fan!) and the mac and cheese (slightly spicy quality from the chorizo). Best of all, we walked in around 12:30pm on a Saturday and were seated right away =)I've been here once for dinner and another time for brunch.  dinner was great but it was over a year ago... so i will focus on my recent brunch experience.  Service was decent.  No compliants, but also nothing spectacular.  Our waitress was just nice enough, attentive, fairly fast.  As a disclaimer, the restaurant was not that busy... so i would have expected no lessPrices are on the expensive side considering all plates are tapas (i.e. tiny).  For brunch, which consisted of 5 dishes plus a bellini i believe the bill came out to $80.Now the highlight of the review.  The Food!  Amazing. Definitely was not expecting it to be THAT good, but i was proven wrong.  I would definitely recommend the banana walnut pancakes and the donuts. SO SO good, esp if you like your breakfast food a little sweet.  We also ordered the french onion soup dumplings, which were also really good but a bit warm.  They're better when they're piping hot.  Also, the cheesesteak with truffle oil was defnitely worth ordering for truffle fans.  The only dish i would not recommend/get again is the miniature eggs benedict.  very mediocre.... i would not waste the money or appetite when there's muchhh better things on the menu!!!Hopefully i'll be back soon...I'm still drooling over the Kobe Beef sliders. I have been dying to try it ever since I saw it on "The Best Thing I Ever Ate" show on the Food Network. I would come again judt for those sliders and a drink.Even though we had rservatiions, we still had to wait a good 15 minutes. We grabbed a drink by the bar (Cucumber-Vanilla Cosmopolitan: cucumber & vanilla house infused stoli, white cranberry, fresh lime; was a very refreshing cocktail) and waited for our table upstairs. Both levels had a trendy decor, but the upstairs had more of a lounge feel. 1) French Onion Soup Dumplings2) Baby Spinach Salad (roasted corn, smoked goat cheese & spiced cashews)3) Kobe Beef Burger4) Grilled Cheese Slider (jalapeño bacon, fried green tomato, lemon aioli)5) 'Kobe Philly' slider (truffle & goat cheese fondue)6) Grilled Asparagus (smoked sea salt, lemon)7) Lobster ravioli8) Lobster rollEverything was pretty good but the dumplings, kobe beef sliders, and lobster ravioli were the ones that stuck out. The salad wasn't anything all that great but we thought we need some kind of vegetable in the mix. The service was great although I felt a little pressured to order more (we were a table of 4 but none of us were hungry, hungry).Stanton Social - reliable and recommendable for 2 things :1. STRAWBERRY FIELDS cocktail 2. French Onion Soup DumplingsLove love love It here. The vibe is laid back. Went there for a birthday, there's a bar/lounge area upstairs to pre-drink as you choose before dinner, which is served downstairs. Very Dim lighting. We had the baby back ribs, the short rib tacos, chicken and waffles and the old school meatballs. I recommend the Strawberry Fields cocktail or the social tea. Tapas portions but you leave feeling satisfied.Went for a birthday and even though the wait was long (we had a reservation!!) the managers more than made it up to us. Red snapper tacos, Kobe sliders, pierogis, fries, and doughnuts were the highlights along with the strong drinks. Definitely did not disappoint. Still drooling : )The food is freaking awesome. However, the portions are small and pricey. The wait can be really long for parties 4+, so be sure to make a reservation. Nice decor, chill/attentive staff... but I wish they wouldn't blast the music.Anyway, onto the food!Sliders:Kobe beef burger - THE BEST SLIDER, DON'T EVEN LOOK AT THE OTHER ONES (I'm kidding). I usually order it medium and the kobe beef just melts in your mouth. I should probably just order a dozen of these.Kobe philly - Tasty, but I prefer ^Pulled pork slider - Pretty awesome. But not as awesome as the kobe beef burger!Rhode Island style lobster roll - Was good, but nothing special. Can do without.Tapas:Potato & goat cheese pierogies - So so so good. It's a must try!Red snapper tacos - Simply amazing. The ingredients are super fresh, and the spicy mango sauce/salsa is delicious. Get this one too!French onion soup dumplings - Really unique, cheesy, and tasty. But this one has  been kind of inconsistent. Sometimes its amazing, other times can be too salty.Chicken n' waffles - Chicken was dry, flavors were boring... wouldn't order again.DessertWarm doughnuts - I would come back JUST for this. It's THAT good.90-proof milkshake shot - Interesting. More of a dessert than a shot. It's definitely worth trying.Can't wait to come back to try the brunch menu!!!Definitely a scene and definitely extremely loud on a Friday. We tried upwards of 8 dishes in a group of four, and the only one that was memorable was the short rib tacos. Even then, paying this kind of price for mediocre food is never worth it!Great atmosphere really sets the mood well. the low candle light makes this a nice date spot. It is easily classy enough to impress your date. The food and wine aren't cheap. The food is served tapas style.as you know tapas means = small portions, expensive price.The dishes were generally ok. nothing that bowls me over. only 2-3 stars for the food. our squid tapas was on the burnt side of cooked.let me let you in on a secret. the deserts are fantastic to share. the chocolate tasting plate is good; but i thought our apple pie sundae was the best.a few shortcomings on the food, but wine, atmosphere, and desserts help this place be a nice spot to go to, on the odd occasion.The place is very nice. They have really, really nice bathrooms. Service is very friendly and the music is great (Andrew Bird was one when we walked in).The food is good, but way too expensive for the portion size. Banana pancakes are 4 silver dollar pancakes per order. The menu reads 'sliders - $6.' This sounds like a great deal, until they tell you that it's one slider per order. I went with a group of friends for a birthday brunch, chipped in about $100, and left hungry... fill up on Snickers before hand.My lady friend and I came into Stanton Social on Sunday morning after a rather late Saturday, coincidentally it was also Valentines day. We had no booking but soon enough we found ourselves downstairs wedged between two couples, one big line of thighs uncomfortably meeting for the first time. To say it was awkward was an understatement, we were out to have a bit of fun, our neighbours were there for a serious V day breakfast, whatever was going on they needed someone to spike their drinks. This was my first time at Stanton Social and I found the service a little rigid, maybe it was just a product of Valentines day. After a cursory glance at the menu we ordered a couple of bloody marys and informed the waiter that we did not intend to eat, as the downstairs tables are for eating customers we were escorted upstairs to a lounge at the bar. Thank god. The upstairs space is really cool, a few small tables for eating, a set of lounges for reclining and gentle lighting courtesy of the skylight and the rustic metal lamps above the bar.We happily settled in, content in the privacy of our thoughts and low key discussion. The bloody marys were good, although were a victim of too much ice and vodka in a short glass, leaving the consistency a little thin and watery. We ordered additional tomato juice to top them up, the tomato juice mixture was perfect, 9/10, rich with fresh horseradish, Worcestershire and perfectly seasoned. The hours slipped by, people came and went and we left happier than we entered. Next time I will try the food.Overall an impressive establishment.  I've been to Stanton Social twice for dinner, once on a weekday once on a weekend.  Service and quality of food were consistent, and the ambiance is swanky and high-end with friendly servers and attractive clientele.  SS is a place to dine if you want to feel like a super chic yuppie with great taste in food.Here is a run down of all of the things I have had over the course of my two trips to SS:Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies:  My favorite thing on the menu.  Delicate deep fried puffs of potatoes with a truffle creme fraiche you could eat with a spoon.Skillet Roast Octopus (not on current menu):  Undoubtedly the most well prepared octopus I've ever had.  Very tender and not one bit chewy, served in a great light sauce that compliments the mild flavor of the octopus.Baby Spinach Salad:  Super tasty with a nice crunch from the cashews and a great blend of flavors.French Onion Soup Dumplings:  This is SS's "signature dish", one of the main reasons I wanted to eat here.  A unique concept with a beautiful execution.  They're very tasty, but I wasn't wowed (BEWARE: the gruyere they melt on top of these gives the entire dining room the faint smell of the mildly stinky cheese).Oysters: Fresh and not slimy, simply good oysters.  Served with three sauces, my favorite being the zesty cocktail sauce.Creekstone Farms Braised Short Rib Soft Tacos:  Extremely tender meat, but I found that the beef flavor overwhelmed the other flavors of the dish.Red Snapper Tacos:  I had high hopes for this dish, but something about it fell short for me.Cocktails: The 1940s Champagne Julep, Strawberry Fields and Blood Orange - Jalapeño Margarita were all delicious and inventive, but very pricey (around $15 each).  Be careful, because this is where your bill can easily rack up $$$.If you're open to new flavors, seeking a swanky atmosphere, and willing to crack open your wallet, I absolutely recommend SS.This is a review of brunch, haven't had any other courses here:If you're looking for comfort food on a Saturday morning after a night out, you won't find it here. Stanton Social is hip and classy and its food follows suite. A culinary experience. We got a bunch of plates to share (since the food is "designed for sharing"... more on that in a bit). Would highly recommend trying out the goat cheese  perogies and the red-snapper tacos. Really quite good. We tried the french onion soup dumplings that everybody is raving about and I found them to be a bit too salty. That all said, I'm going with 3 stars because the food is not quite good enough to justify the price. Some of the small plates are reasonably priced, but some are $14/$15 for a couple of pieces. Worse still - they charge $3 for a cup of tea or drip coffee!! (and no, it's regular old drip coffee, not Jamaican Blue Mountain or anything like that)Last thing: "designed for sharing". This is an obnoxious euphemism I've seen popping up at a lot of places. Dear restaurant owners: unless it comes in a huge bowl and is served with tongs or an enormous spoon, it's not "designed" for sharing. This is akin to calling those tiny chocolate bars "fun sized". It's all just covering up the fact that these portions are too small to be enjoyed on their own.Came here with a group of 5, 3 of those people being out-of towners looking for a NY experience...enter SS!I love small plates, love cute boys, love a good cocktail.  SS gives me all of those things....but.....the food is sooo spendy and not....that.....great. We had the french onion soup dumplings, the red snapper tacos, pierogies, ribs, mushroom risotto cakes and the duck empanadas.  I was most impressed by the ribs and tacos though my friends loved the pierogies. I didn't see what was so special about them- all I tasted was potato. The dumplings were fun, but so hot and impossible to cool down. How about a nice soup spoon with some cheese on top? No one seemed to care about the risotto cakes, they were good but it's been done and done before. Our server was good, she paced the meal well, and offered to bump up orders so that each person at the table got to try everything. They wear an interesting uniform too, sortof a cross of a ballet dancer and matador.It's a trendy spot and fun, but I don't think I'll do it again unless someone else is paying.Came here straight from jfk... had reservations at 11pm and didn't wait. Place was packed with good music.Got a bottle of cab, started with some clams, the crab and kobe sliders. moved on to some short rib tacos(good), and ended with the best donuts i ever had! warm and delicious, esp with the caramel dip.Only complaint is that its crowded and you have to over talk the music, seats and tables are all squished, but what else is new in NY?After many a failed attempt at visiting this lounge, we FINALLY were able to get in on a Monday night of Labor Day weekend.  My friend said you're usually packed like sardines in this place, but it was surprisingly quiet when we came.  But it was just perfect.  Not too crowded, got a nice little banquette in the back for our group.  We spent our time in the lounge area upstairs.  The space is beautiful with leather seating, a sort of pan-asian-european decor, rather upscale.  Specialty cocktails were only $11 which I think is very reasonable for a place of this caliber.  I tried the orange jalapeno margarita which was peppery and citrusy.  The pineapple martini was fruity and delightful.  We also had the doughnuts which are freakin amazing!!!  3 dipping sauces, need I say more?  The food looked good too, though we didn't have any.No wonder this place is normally super packed.Came here for brunch while visiting family in NYC.  I have been to plenty of small plate restaurants, but aside from dim sum, I had never experienced small plates for brunch.  Turned out to be a great concept!  I can't tell you how many times I am torn at brunch between savory eggs and bacon, and a delicious sounding pancake or waffle.  At the Stanton Social you don't have to choose - in fact, you can try just about everything.  I was in a party of four, which was great because it allowed us to try just about everything on the menu.  Our waiter suggested around 2-3 plates per person, but the menu looked so great that we actually ordered about 4 dishes each.  This may have been a bit of over kill, but everything was so tasty, no one seemed to mind that we were beyond full when we left.  My favorite of the meal was hands down the doughnuts with caramel sauce!  The doughnuts were delivered hot and crisp to our table dusted in a bit of cinnamon and sugar.  And as if that was not decadent enough, they were accompanied by a slightly salty caramel sauce.  Soooo good!On the breakfast side, I also enjoyed both the chocolate chip and the banana pancakes - delicate disks of fluffy goodness.  The lox that came with the bagel was perfect, so smokey and delicious.  Next came the sliders.  Stanton Social has an entire portion of their brunch menu devoted to a variety of sliders: egg cheese and bacon, Kobe sliders, sausage and gravy on a biscuit, grilled cheese with bacon and jalapeno, and cheese steak.  Sliders can be ordered individually to maximize variety.  My boyfriend was in slider heaven - I am not sure I have ever seen him this happy.  His favorite was the Kobe beef, but he enjoyed all four varieties that he consumed.  We also ordered the mini fish tacos which were like a wonderful flavor explosion.  The table loved the pizza and the quesadilla.  And the french onion soup dumplings were a great idea (like an Shanghai XLB but with french ingredients) and super creative.  Other yelpers complain about the atmosphere being pretentious, but at least for brunch our servers were great.  There were plenty of families with children - so I found the restaurant inviting, if not a bit chic for the morning.  Loved the small plates idea for brunch and hope it catches on in SF - I would totally return.Went there last night for dinner with my 4 besties for my birthday. Our reservations were for 7:30PM and at that time we were asked to go upstairs and have some drinks while we wait. One person was missing from our party so I totally understood we probably couldnt be sat, the place (which is kind of small) was jam packed.Half an hour later I go to check and they still cant sit us. Half an hour later after that I decide my bday has been ruined. As I had left my credit card for the reservation I went to the front to cancel my reservation. I had my pout on. My friends had their coats.Within 3 minutes of telling the guy that I was cancelling my reservation (and then muttering under my breath that my birthday was ruined) we were sat at a table where an adorable waitress opened up a bottle of veuve cliquot for us. Two appetizers were then brought out very quickly. Way to turn my frown upside down!The rest of the night we had great service, great food, great drinks, great ambiance. They apologized so much for the error and I think they more than made up for it.Love this place, recommend the lobster croquettes and the french onion soup dumplings but everything we had was delicious.I concur with the plentiful reviews extolling the fantastic food, cool scene and great service.  I loved my 1940 Champagne Julep girly drink, the creative tapas (even if that chicken on waffle was kinda weird) and the long dramatic table my huge group got all to ourselves on the second level.  A great time, I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who has to entertain a big group (like 20 peeps).This place rocks, end of part I.Came back just for some drinks on a different night, and again it was a good experience.  There is a bar on the third level with lots of lounge-y seating.  I generally prefer some dancing, but you can get that at a lot of other venues in the vicinity, so this is still a worthwhile stop.  The vibe was relaxed and the crowd was good-looking.  I had the Black Magic (guiness + champagne), which was good but definitely not as girly as my previous 1940 Champagne Julep.This place rocks, end of part II.Ugh! I was a little annoyed when I saw Whitney and her boy toy eating at The Stanton Social in this week's episode of The City. (Yeah, I watch it. Don't hate.) I realize the place is already popular, but now I imagine that more out-of-towners who watch The City will be competing with the locals to snag a table here.Anyhoo...I've only been here once for brunch and it was fantastic. It wasn't too difficult to get a table through OpenTable (booked it a week in advance), but there were only 2 of us and I imagine bigger groups might have a more difficult time. We had the huevos rancheros, vanilla bean pancakes and the lobster eggs benedict. It was all absolutely delicious. And because brunch is not complete without a little daytime drinkin', we also had a couple of cocktails. They have a really creative, unique cocktail menu (I had a vanilla, fig and pear martini and my friend had a bloody mary with rosemary-infused vodka). Yum.There's a catch to all this deliciousness, though. It comes with a pretty hefty price tag ($100 for the two of us). That said, this will definitely be a special-occasion brunch spot for me.My friend booked this place for us to go on New Years Eve and it was a fabulous pick! We went with 6 girlfriends and had the best time sharing a bunch of different plates and of course drinks. We arrived a few minutes before our reservation so we went upstairs to the very trendy bar to grab a cocktail. We all tried something different and they were all equally delicious, although my vanilla mint martini was a little heavy on the Jack Daniels taste for my liking. Once seated, we decided to try a variety of small plates, including: the ravioli, pierogies, quesadilla, pizzetta and a few others I can't recall. The quesadilla was definitely one of my favs, and it was really fun to try a little bit of everything. Overall a fun place, with unique small plates and a hip atmosphere, but not so over the top you feel out of place as a non-New Yorker :)This is a trendy spot to be.  Fancy tapas to fill your belly.  Loud environment, but good for groups.  We went for a group birthday dinner so it was perfect.  Favorites:  Potato & Goat cheese Perogies (delicious!), foie gras terrine was tasty, french onion soup dumplings (be careful eating these! hot soup inside)Not so favorite: Wasabi pea crusted salmon (Salmon was cooked perfectly, but I wasn't a fan of the wasabi flavor) Ehh: Chicken n' waffles (chicken was cooked well, but there was something missing with the waffles..)I also wasn't impressed with the kobe beef sliders.  I'd go for a shake shack burger over those any day!I heard the red snapper tacos were tasty.  Too bad I couldn't try them because I'm allergic to mango.There were other dishes that we tried (ex. dessert was fine, but not any dishes that I would call my favorite), but not many others that were memorable.I so want to like the Stanton Social more. The food is very good - I'm awful fond of the chef. But the atmosphere often kills it for me. I understand that loungy, Euro-trash vibe brings in a certain kind of clientele, the kind who spend a lot on cocktails trying to impress their dates or each other while pretending to make deals on their annoying little bluetooth earpieces. But I don't want to hear it or be around it, personally.The seating downstairs is fine - normal tables and whatnot - though it's a bit sterile. And in the bar/lounge upstairs (where the "cool people" are, I guess) it's just not conducive to eating, but to - well, lounging. Deep-seated couches are never good for dining - it's hard to lean over to the tables. Fine for sipping cocktails and maybe a small bite or two, something to pick at alongside the drinks, but not for a meal.The service could be a little better. It can be tough to get the attention of waitstaff sometimes, and when you do some of them can come off a bit indifferent. I wonder, maybe, if the've just developed hard exteriors from having to deal with the d-bag crowds. Can't say I blame them if they have.The food is good, though, like I said, and by and large price-appropriate. There are a few items that seem to be marked up more than usual, but you'll find that nearly anywhere. I would just say that it's not somewhere I would set out to for dinner, specifically - it's more of a cocktail bar with exceptionally good bar food. Four star bar food, really, just minus one for the overall vibe of the room(s). I'd love to see what Chef Santos would do in a more traditional "restaurant" setting.Brunch on Sunday with the Misses, we got a nice table but waited for ages to be served.The food was way smaller than I remembered, the fish tacos were tasteless and minute. The granola was decent but served in a cup....tiny!Lamb - tasty but nothing specialOnion Soup - interesting presentation and not bad.A very expensive average experience.Perfect place for small bites & drinks. I fell  in love with a cocktail that consisted of Guiness & Vueve Cliquot. Plan ahead since it gets packed after work & on weekends.The Bad- Expensive for the small portion you get- Need to order about 4-5 tapas to get full (for one person)- Chocolate sampler for dessert (I didn't like about 3/4 of the samples and I love chocolate....)- Maryland Jumbo Lump Crabcake Corn Dogs (interesting idea...but tastes more like corn dogs than crab--not a fan)The Good- Free mini appetizer- Mac and cheese is good (surprisingly, even if I don't like mac and cheese)- French onion soup dumpling (don't burn yourself!! be careful--full of goodness inside)- Chipotle Grilled Shrimp (nothing special but it's good)- Wild Mushroom Riosotto Cakes (i think the mushroom chips is the highlight of this dish)- Red snapper tacos (nothing memorable.....i think they need to put more spicy mango to make it taste better)The Bottomline- Good place to go to if you enjoy tapas. Better to go in groups so if it doesn't taste good, then maybe someone else will like it. It's really crowded here so don't expect an intimate date. It's about 6 inches away from each table.Third time at Stanton Social and by far it was the best experience to date.The waiter was on par and very helpful (and per my colleague...the cutest thing with freckles)  The drinks were nice and strong (I had the gimlet and it was right on point).  The wine they recommended was great as well.Some of our favorite dishes had to be the french onion soup dumplings.  They came out in a cheesy escargot looking pan and was perfectly hot and tasty with oozes of onions, cheese, dumplings in each bite.Next came the pierogis (sp?) and the creme fresh on the side.  It was the perfect combination of spices on the creme fresh...we would like to have thought they sprinkled crack on top but our waiter said it was a blend of spices and pepper.The jalapeno bacon sandwich and goat cheese truffle philly sandwiches were also very tasty as well.Some honorable mentions were the ribs and the red snapper tacos.  Both were delicious and we must have ordered 7 dishes amongst the 3 of us and were STUFFED.The Stanton Social -- we finally meet!I have been dying to try this place out for their French Onion Soup Dumplings which was featured on Food Networks, "Best Thing I Ever Ate." I even hate Claire Robinson, but damn that bizzo has some good taste in dumplings. They totally lived up to the hype and I want some more. How can you go wrong with my favorite soup encased in crispy dumpling skins and Gruyere. Just be careful because they will burn the inside of your mouth if you're too anxious to eat them. But it's well worth the pain!We also had their Carpaccio which is one of the best that I've had. The pickled red onions are a really nice touch and I loved the fried caper. It was a simple preparation but felt like a party in your mouth.The oysters were fresh, but the selection changes frequently based on what's seasonal so I won't go into too much detail.For our main, we tried the Beef Wellington, which was superb. It was everything you want in a Beef Wellington plus more! The Foie was a nice touch and didn't overwhelm the dish. When you cut into the pastry the wonderful smell of Truffle fills the air.Their cocktails are really delicious as well; a bit pricey (in fact more pricey than a majority of the small plates that we ordered).As far as the atmosphere, it was blasting music like I was in a gay nightclub, and it was really loud where it makes it hard to have any conversation (which is ironic because it's the Stanton "Social"). The tables are really narrow and close to each other. (I'd like to apologize to the lady who's face met my ass when I was trying to sit down). Otherwise a very enjoyable experience.My friend recommended I visit this place, when I was on my first American vacation.Located in SOHO, I really did not know what to expect.I went with my partner and boy did we have an amazing time. The atmosphere and vibrancy of this place showcased what New York was all about. You definitely have to book in advance, but definitely check this place out.The food portion is small, but it is so delicious. Think tappas style of foods.My favourite was the beef wellingtons. YUM.Make a night of it, go early and go upstairs to have a few drinks. Then get a table and enjoy the rest of the night with the amazing food.Such a fun and playful eating experience. I enjoyed everything I ordered: spanakopita, chicken tacquitos, beef and sausage sliders, chicken and waffles, and Mac and chorizo.Desserts were also great. The portion sizes were perfect for trying new dishes. The service was excellent. The decor and vibe were very chill.I highly recommend everyone try this.Have you had the experience of eating in a sauna?  If not, I highly recommend making a reservation at Stanton Social.  Wear your lululemon gear unless you want to walk around with a kiddie pool in your pants for the rest of the evening as this sauna does not offer a shower and locker room to change in.  However, the staff at this unique establishment could use some training on how to properly handle those who actually anticipated dining under ac.I came here twice, once on a date and the second time with girlfriends.  Fun for a date, you get to order many things and share.  We went on a weekday and sat downstairs, so it was not as loud as it was the second time, when I went on Saturday night.  The second time we sat upstairs (location of the bar) and the music was verrry loud.I guess I don't really care that it's that loud because I think the food is great and I have lots of fun (and drinks) each time.yum yum yumNOTE: if you have food poisoning...do not try to eat your way through it.  even if the food is really good like at Stanton social, you will still pay for it afterwards.  advice given based on self experience....anways, if you are sans food poisoning, you will enjoy this place.  Stanton social has a cute layout, cute menus, and spacious seating. It's perfect for a lazy sunday afternoon.since this is a tapas style brunch, the three of us shared:mac and cheese: i effing love mac and cheese, esp with bread crumbs.  this was the best savory dishcaramelized banana pancakes: best sweet dish. cute tiny pancakes with great flavor. only gripe was that there wasn't enoughfrittata: not impressed because it was really dry. def was the weakest dishhuevos rancheros tacos: another solid dish.  it had 4 mini tacos, so it was a good portion size.potato & goat cheese pierogies: yummy! can't really go wrong with cheese (refer to mac and cheese dish)this place is definitely not a cheap brunch especially considering the portion sizes but its worth a try.  i would come back just to try all the different options on the menu!I finally went for dinner one night to sample the food I'd been hearing rave reviews about.  Love the decor of the place. It's kind of a modern elegance.  It is a bit loud so it might be better for a large group celebrating or pre going out.  Pretty trendy LES type of crowd.I was hooked up with a prix fixe menu through a friend who djs there so I didn't get to choose any of the dishes but I loved everything that was served.... except the ravioli.  I wanted to like it but when my friend compared it to play-doh in everything from taste to smell I just couldn't finish it.  Tuna Tartar  chicken & waffles and warm donuts with dipping sauce all stand out in my mind from the experience. The spinach salad was even memorable because of the flavorful dressing,.  I hear the empanadas are awesome as well but unfortunately they weren't on the menu for us.  Service was great, food came quickly, and  ofcourse the DJ upstairs is wonderful.  This is a great spot for a nice dinner on a night out in the LES.Stanton Social is divided into two floors; first level dining and second floor bar and lounge. Having been here about eight times I have never experienced a quiet night; not even on a Monday. The atmosphere is casual but sophisticated. Has a overall lounge feeling. My favorite item I have every time is the Tacos - very good. French Onion Dumplings are very good especially if you like cheese. All in all the food is good. Save room for dessert. The drinks and wine list are also very good. I always get a bottle of Perrier Joet which very well priced for NY at $80.00. Great place to chill with friends or a date. Most of the music they play is house. Also they serve food till 2AM every night which is nice. I forgot the crowd is mostly 25 to 38 if that makes a difference to anyone.Octopus Foie gras Lamb souvlaki tacosBeef short ribs tacosMac n cheeseLobster pastaDuck confit empanadasMudslide shakesFrench onion soup dumplingsRed velvet twinklesChoc tasterOld school meatballsFront of house needs some serious reconsideration. The whole logistics jut aren't working. But that's the scene out here. It's just more inconvenient that necessary. The staff kinda have it together but not really.We were big drinkers and our food came consistently.  The only delay was dessert.  We ordered well before the tables around us but they all got their desserts way ahead of us.  I guess it was worthwhile to keep us waiting and drinking.Please for the love of god DO NOT order the onion soup dumplings. They are the most foul smelling things I've ever had the displeasure of experiencing, and I work in healthcare. Other than dry heaving every time those things were brought out to neighboring tables, the food was alright as well as the service.I doubt I'd come here again.The food here is absolutely delicious. Apparently the owner also owns Beauty and Essex, where I have only been for drinks but will definitely try out now. The two must haves here are the French Onion Soup Dumplings and the Kobe Burger Slider. Kobe Slider everyone definitely need to get their own. Sharing is caring but with that burger, I don't give an eff about anyone. French onion soup dumpling. God, after taking my first bite, I was literally just mad at myself that I didn't think of it first. There are six dumplings total and it is shareable for sure. Two a person is good, three is better. If you eat six, more power to you but get some gum because that's a lot of onion. Also be warned, it is hot when it first comes out. My date burnt her tongue for sure. That kind of makes the rest of the menu a tad less enjoyable. But she trooped on and had two more. Although she did make me try them first to see if they were hot and then said that if she burnt her to tongue again I would have to eat a whole raw onion. Girls. SMH. Only complaint was the dessert. It's a tapa joint so just opt for one more tapa instead of the dessert. Trust. We ordered the red velvet Twinkie and the filling was way too sweet and the red velvet cake was dry. The only thing we didn't finish. The bourbon something something shot we also lacking. Not enough bourbon and the marshmallows were too small and not warm enough. But the shot was 3 dollars each so can't complain too much about that. This meal will deny the wallet but your tummy will thank you. Hopefully your date thanks you too I guess. Happy eating, suckers.cute place, great music and slightly above average service. my friend had a couple of their specialty cocktails and said they were very good. the menu seems fairly priced but the fares are small so don't be shocked when you get the bill. the jagermeister chicken and chicken arepas were delicious! was disappointed in the chicken and waffles (would prefer it to be boneless and fried chicken).This is a great place to come with in a group! Everything on the menu is meant to share - you get bite-sized portions of everything which means that you get to try a lot of different things and don't have to tie yourself down to one entree - which is perfect for indecisive people like me! But, because you will be sharing with everyone, make sure that you go with people who will want to order similar things as you will - basically, don't go with picky people who have lots of dietary restrictions.My favorites were the french onion soup dumplings, the crab cake corn dogs, the red snapper tacos, the brie and apple quesadillas, and the pizzetta. I don't eat beef, but the group I was with also got the kobe beef sliders and the beef wellington (which are supposed to be amazing).We also got dessert - the doughnuts are great, as were the hot chocolate shots. The chocolate tasting is extremely rich - but I loved the caramel tart in it.All in all, I had a great time here - just make sure to bring your wallet, bring your appetite, and bring a group of people who enjoy sharing lots of good food!Ah-MAY-ZING....I was a bit skeptical about brunch tapas...but they sure made it work!  Get the red snapper tacos, we loved them so much we got two orders!  This place is great to go with fellow foodies who love to try new things.  It's a bit pricey, but worth every penny.  Even the service was outstanding.  I like the way they paced out the different items and the order they brought it in as well.  And if your a fan of mimosa's...get the pomegranate peach bellini...perfect compliment to a perfect meal!I haven't been here in a few years and went back this past Friday night. Probably not as great as it once was, but still a fairly enjoyable experience. I ordered the jalepeno margarita, and while it was so delicious, for $13, I want to taste some alcohol in my drink. Oh and I'm a light weight so it usually doesn't take much. The food was enjoyable, but everything came out so quickly, we couldn't even enjoy the experience to the fullest. If we didn't sit there talking after desert, we could have been in and out in less than 45 minutes.  The waitress was very nice and helpful, so no complaints there. We ordered the french onion soup dumplings which were delicious. We also got the paella lobster cakes paella which were kind of bland so not something I'd get again. And I also had the mini kobe beef cheese steak (something along those lines) which was great. For dessert, we shared the warm donuts with the dipping sauces which is one of my favs here!  Overall, the food was good, but I wish the food didn't SPEED out. And like I said, for $13, the drinks could have been stronger.  I wouldn't rush back again. I'd rather spend the money where I leave feeling a little more satisfied. A good place to come for the "scene" and the atmosphere with a few friends or a date, but not if you're starving! If you are starving, expect to drop a lot of cash.Here's the deal...Large group small portion place that encourages you to order more.The waitress with her predetermined 18% tip would always advise on adding more orders. Beef wellington$22 is the size of a hockey puck.Soup dumplings are good but 6 croutons for $12 is NUTZ...Great place to go and then when you leave eat 2 slices of pizza...Trendy, cool and RIPOFF!!!I wish I could go 3.5 here. A good selection of small (comfort food-ish) plates. Most were pretty tasty and the cocktails weren't bad. Prices were fair for a swank place and the service was good. The biggest turn off for me was the noise level. It was super loud. The music alone was enough to force you to raise your voice. When you add in all the chatter, you basically have to yell across the table. There's only so many times you can say "what?" before you just have to resign to nodding your head and hoping that you're not required to give a response. I played that game a lot with my friend.It's not at the top of my list in LES, but I'd go back with a group for some snacks.Ehhh.... I love tapas restaurants, but this place really means business with their small bites! Even their wine pours at $15 a glass were tapas style... It was more like a tasting pour than an actual glass of wine. When we asked the waiter for a bigger glass of wine the smart-alec literally brought a larger glass... The food was good, but nothing too spectacular. The place is more about ambiance and an experience than great food. Not a good place to go for a four-top as everything comes in threes and you have to pay almost double to add a fourth bite to the plate. I recommend the pea-wasbi encrusted salmon, skipping the scallops (overcooked, sandy and chewy)  and the snapper tacos (totally fishy), and eatting before you go!My friend and I came here for dinner and left knowing that we had tried it, but probably would not be returning. The atmosphere was trendy and the crowd was young-ish; they also had an impressive collection of wine bottles that lined the upstairs dining room. That being said, I could not help but notice this weird smell.-Baby spinach salad: very flavorful, light, refreshing. The goat cheese was barely noticeable but the spices in the cashews mixed with the roasted corn made for a delightful bite.-French onion soup dumplings: to put it simply...meh. The caramelized onions with stock was overly salty. While the concept is clever in theory, the servings were difficult to enjoy in person. When first served, the dumplings were too hot and burnt my tongue. After I had allowed them to cool a bit, the gruyere topping had hardened (I personally hate hardened cold cheese).-Kobe beef burgers: these sliders were ok but the quality of the beef was definitely lacking.-Red snapper tacos: first piece of advice, don't squeeze too much lime on the tacos or else it will overpower all the flavor. Not a very memorable dish but my friend seemed to enjoy it. Perhaps I'm just not a fan of the texture of red snapper.Overall, the atmosphere was great (minus the smell) but the food was lacking.I'm in love =)This place rocks! They have awesome bartender service, great Red Snapper tacos, cozy atmosphere, and perfect service hours.Definitely will become my new  "go to" spot.Oh..I didn't fancy the french soup dumplings, but the presentation was great.Now you officially have The Supreme Touch!THIS WAS A GREAT SPOT TO EAT! Get reservations because it is worth it! I was very happy to try here and will be back next time I go to NYC! I love my experience at this restaurant with great food and service. There was only one bathroom but it was ok. Very good tapas with a modern twist!Food:Foie Gras- Sweet, buttery, and TastyBeef Carpacio- SO SO SO GOOD! I only eat raw meat at places like this!Shrimp and Grits- I am getting hungry thinking about them! Excellent dish!Chicken and Waffles- Modern twist on chicken and waffles but it was goodDonuts- Perfect way to end the meal, the carmel sauce was BOMB!Must try!I love this place, it is perhaps my favorite place in my neighborhood and if that makes me pretentious, well then I'm pretentious. There are certain menu items that never ever have failed me: goat cheese pirogies with caramelized onions, red snapper tacos, spicy lobster pasta and the wild salmon with sobe noodles. The fresh donuts that they serve for dessert are ridiculously good and they have at least three cocktails that I can't get enough of which is kind of a bad thing (rosemary tangerine cooler served up not on the rocks as it is on the menu, pink grapefruit and mint martini and the Social Tea).I very rarely sit in the dining room as that is not the optimal experience, I prefer to sit at the bar upstairs or the lounge as a second choice. If you get there reasonably early on a Friday, say around 7:30, you can score a couple of seats at the bar when people who are waiting for their reservations leave. Usually for two people with 4 drinks each the tab is about $180 with tip but we usually get one round on the bartender.Also, brunch is excellent there, the menu has many of my favorite dinner items as well as some very brunch specific plates like the breakfast bruschetta which is scrumptious.So I recently went here on a date.Pros: Great tapas place. The food was so good and each dish we got seemed to taste better than the last. The  Chicken Mole Quesadilla was amazing. The best part had to be dessert: 90 Proof Milkshake Shot... Umm imagine heaven in a shot glass!Cons: Very loud and we were crammed in between two other tables. Half the time I was listening to the couple next to us and the other half I was trying to understand what my date was saying over the music that was blaring. A few minutes after we were seated the waiter asked us if we were ready to order food and seemed to be rushing us. He seemed shocked when we asked if we could order drinks and look over the menu for a few more minutes. I think this place is great but wouldn't recommend it for a date. Groups I think would have a better time here.Ok folks, here's the real deal about Stanton Social - AMAZING food, yes small portions but overall you'll get your money's worth if you go with a group of five or less. Any party bigger than that and you'll have to spend big $$ to leave full.Here's the good and bad of my experience after I went here for my birthday dinner:THE GOOD:Again, AMAZING food. Everything we ordered was spectacular. Sure some dishes were a bigger hit than others, but we were exceptionally happy about everything we ordered. I see the french onion soup dumplings get good reviews, but the real show stopper was the artichoke fritters! We ordered 3 portions because they were so irresistable. Also loved the ribs, crabcakes, truffle mac n cheese, and the kobe beef sliders. The waitress was very patience and courteous.The NOT SO GOOD:I wasn't a fan of where we were seated. I had a group of 11 and sat right near the entrance where other patrons were coming in and out, and our table was right near coat check. We felt cramped and kept getting hit with the cold draft as the door kept opening. I would've expected better seating considering I called a month in advance for this reservation. Also, I get the whole tapas theme, but the portions were miniscule. I knew this from reading previous reviews so I made sure to eat a big lunch, but I could tell my guests were not completely satisfied.I'd certainly come here again for the food if nothing else.Nothing that I am going to write here is probably going to sway anyone's opinion about this place.  However, it really is not what it used to be.Upon arriving at the restaurant, my party and I were greeted by a hostess with a ton of attitude.  One I guess has to expect this type of nonsense from "hip" (insert sarcasm) restaurants like the Stanton Social, but I wanted to simply beat the young woman with the stick that was lodged up her......well I digress.Despite having arrived promptly with a reservation, my party and I were seated upstairs.  A warning to anyone making a reservation here, you do NOT want to sit upstairs.  Downstairs is a beautiful space, but the upstairs is a loud, crowded, dank bar (picture Dante's 9th ring of hell), which is nothing like the downstairs dining room at all. It's a space filled with wannabees or those waiting for a table in the real restaurant.  If your name is Tony and you're looking for an easy time with a gal with low self esteem and daddy issues, then hit this bar up!Now back to my dining experience.  My party (a table for four) was packed like sardines into a table more adequate for a party of two.  There were two very loud bachelorette parties going on in our same area (at least two tables of ten ladies.....I use that term very loosely).  From the looks of them, I would say that they hailed from Jersey.  Yes....this place reeked of bridge and tunnel.  Despite the horrific setting, we were there for the food....right?  Ugggh.  The much hailed french onion soup dumplings were salty and downright unpleasant.  In fact, all of the food was overly salted.  We also had the mac and cheese (yawn), the meatballs (not bad), the ribs (decent), and the shrimp with grits (a miss).  We had a couple of other dishes, but they were not memorable enough to describe here.In terms of service, our server was very pleasant, which was probably one of the only nice things that I can share about this restaurant.  However, the bus staff were pretty abrupt, slamming into our chairs constantly as they tried to maneuver through the maze of packed tables.  One bus boy actually spilled the dessert from another table on one of my guests while he was clearing the table next to us.  He did not even apologize.  Nice.When our dinner was over, the manager asked us to vacate our table as he said someone else was waiting for it.  Normally, I would have told him to go pound sand, but I really wanted to get the hell out this place as it was so awful.  That being said, he did offer us a round of free drinks at the bar.  Against my better judgment we stayed a while longer.  The bar area was filled with big hair, cheap perfume, spandex, and loud voices peppered with accents from the outer boroughs.  It all just became too much, and we decided to finally head to our next destination.This place is living off of a reputation that it deservedly earned many moons ago.  Now it is simply milking those stupid enough to actually spend their time and money here.  Seriously, try some place else.....any other place would be better than the Stanton Social..YOU'VE BEEN WARNED!!3 stars seems about right for this place.  While I wasn't blown away from the taste of the food, I do give them a thumbs up for being unique and creative about their dishes.  Dishes we tried include:French Onion Soup Dumpling $12 - Creative...but it tastes just like how it sounds, french onion soup in dumpling form.  Maybe I was expecting something totally out of the ordinary.Kobe Philly $9 - The meat had good flavor and the dish smelled really good from the truffles.  However, when you bite into it, the truffle flavor disappears like a magic trick.  I wanted some more punch from the truffles!!  Rhode Island Lobster Roll $9 - Packed full of meat, this lobster roll doesn't consist of any fillers.  However, don't be fooled when I say it's packed full of meat, this is still tapa-sized items.Old School Meatballs $13 - Although the meat was tender and cooked pretty well, all you get is two meatballs.  That's $6.50 per meatball.  WOW.  Also, I usually don't say this but...the meatballs had to much cheese in it which kind of turned the texture into "mush" .  Imagine that...me saying "LESS" cheese.Spaghetti Carbonara with Pancetta $22 (I think)- This dish looked real nice but it didn't really blow me away.  The pancetta was really good although used too sparingly.Herb Dusted Frites $7 - Standard medium sized fries.  NYC is getting pricey!  Drinks - Social Tea and Pineapple 75 Martini.  They were decent drinks at $13 each.I had a decent experience here as the waitress was pretty nice.  I do wish they would turn down the music as it made everyone in the restaurant relegated to screaming at each other.  This is a restaurant, not a lounge/club!  Would I come again?  Probably not especially since everything was really expensive for items that really weren't up to par in terms of flavor.   Decent experience and pricey food pretty much sum up the experience.When my friends and I were thinking where to go for one of their birthdays, I offered up Stanton as a possible option. Stanton stands out as one of the new luxe establishments popping up across the formerly grungy areas of the Lower East Side. A bilevel restaurant-bar-lounge, it's sleek and sexy. For our victuals, we ordered the spicy lobster benedict, chicken n' waffles, chicken taquitos, french onion soup dumplings, lamb souvlakis, ricotta fritters, and caramelized banana pancakes. I will start by saying that one must prepare themselves to order a good chunk of the brunch menu if they seek physical fulfillment from Stanton; the portions are quite small. The benedict was delicious (especially the accompanying spinach); the lobster was fresh and perfectly prepared. The chicken n' waffles was just ok; the flavors were all there waiting to let out cries of exuberance that were, unfortunately, stifled by the lack of texture as both the chicken and the waffle were far too soggy. The "taquitos" should be renamed to "one long taquito." I thought it was far too ridiculous what Stanton charges for something that could be put in the microwave and cut up into five bits to be shared. Admittedly, the flavors were better than a market brand alternative, but for $12 I think it would have been only far to AT LEAST serve two taquitos to make the dish worthy of its name. The dumplings were amazing and I'm not even a huge fan of french onion soup; the deliciously moist bread dumpling mixed with the sweetness of the broth and the savory cheese globs makes this dish a decadent luxury. The lamb souvlaki was the star of the meal; though one of the more simpler dishes that Stanton offers, it is one of THE best plates of lamb I have ever had. For our "dessert," we enjoyed the zesty lemon-flavored ricotta fritters which, although tasty, were a bit more battered than expected. The pancakes were also delicious, especially when you consume them with the candied blackberries that join the flapjacks! Employing the use of intimately dark incandescent lighting, low-lit candles, bronze leather booths, and dark wood tables all amidst stark white brick walls, Stanton offers a cavernous, yet sumptuous, atmosphere that makes ravaging the tapas selections and day drinking perfectly permissible, if not a bit mischievous.Stanton Social was pretty fun,.  Food was pretty good but nothing spectacular.  It was way too LOUD!  We couldn't hear a word we were saying to one another.  The highlight of the meal was the lobster croquette and shrimp tempurathe hand pulled chicken arepas (taquitos) were ok... nothing special.the sliders were pretty tasty!Tried their brunch and the food was amazingly good! Service could use improvement but it was pretty busy....loved the French onion soup dumplings, the pizzeta, the huevos rancheros (tacos), and buttermilk waffles. The egg and sausage sandwich was not tasty at all. Would def come back to try their eggs Benedict which looked amazing from the table next to us....good ambiance too.Good food (try the french onion soup dumplings!).  Overpriced and under portioned?  Definitely.  Service?  Hit or miss.  Cocktails? Delicious.  A great place for special occasions, and if you're not in a crazy hurry, but I wouldn't go there all the time.Dined here again tonight w/friends.  This time though we rec'd a complimentary starter.  Not exactly sure what it was, but a tomato & cheese on a crostini.Tried some new things and some of the same items I've had before.  Here's the list:red snapper tacos - disappointed this time aroundcrabcake corndogs - still just as good as I rememberfrench onion soup dumplings - pretty goodbaby spinach w/garlic - good choice if you want some greens in the mixspicy lamb soulvaki - okkobe philly - i think this was goodgrilled cheese w/bacon, fried green tomato - a hit!baby back ribs - not as tender as I remember chicken n waffles - i personally enjoyed this dish, although the chicken could have been more tender, but the rest of my party thought this was good (they just didn't enjoy it as much as me)braised short rib tacos - good stuffwarm donuts - absolutely delish!!This time we sat upstairs and not in the main dining room.  I guess Sunday nights they make the lounge area a restaurant too.It was $45 per person (no drinks). Not too bad for tapas. Still a wonderful place to take out of towners!  I think the best number of ppl to dine with is 3, since most dishes come in numbers of 3.I enjoyed Stanton Social and there's little not to like. It's a festive spot, so expect the noise level to be high; however, you can sit on the second or third level and it's not as loud. The food is wonderful. The Red Snapper tacos rock and are so tasty. The Kobe beef sliders are also good. I loved the French Onion Soup Dumplings. And the potato and goat cheese pirogi are yum. But perhaps the best was the lobster pizzette. Lordy, I just get happy thinking of it. All the chocolate desserts are great. The homemade peppermint patties have now ruined Yorks for me. The warm donuts with dipping sauces are unreal. The coconut creme brulee was just ok. The cocktails are imaginative and strong.  Just the way I like it.Beautifully designed interior, and the service was attentive, fun and professional.A trendy brunch spot that's a little pricey, but the food is decent.  We got the banana pancakes, which definitely ranks as one of the top dishes.  Next we had the lobster benedict...it was decent, but nothing to write home about.  It tasted exactly how you would expect it to.  We got the huevos rancheros next...while they were good, it wasn't anything different from what you can get at a good Mexican restaurant for half the price.  Last was the chicken and waffles...the chicken was a little dry but the texture of the waffle with the chicken was good.  It's worth going to if you need a brunch spot to go to with a group and don't want a long wait.  Each dish is about $10-$15, and we spent about $20 a person on food not including drinks.  I think there are better values out there if you're looking for a spot to frequent, but this is worth trying at least once.Great, friendly service with good recommendations for food and wine.The drinks are very well made and balanced.They are flexible with portion size depending on your party size.Food presentation, taste and portion size was good overall for tapas.Good atmosphere, good for groups.Overall an excellent experience.I don't even know or remember what I ate, but it was fantabulous.  The bottle of prosecco at 1 am didn't hurt.  (Actually, mushroom risotta cakes, kobe beef thingies, chicken arepas and some meatball thingie were ingested).One star off for crabby bouncer.  Dude, I know I'm a drunk mess but that's what you get for serving dinner at 2 am.  Drunk messy eaters.Food is extremely pricey not just NY pricey. 60 bucks for 5 plates of tapas & no drinks. Plates are 9-18 dollars for tapas. I heard drinks were amazing here but didn't have the chance to liquor up, just too early for me.Chef Chris definitely had creative cuisine tht actually exceeded my expectations.Breakfast bruschetta- eggs done perfectly in a soft scramble on crusty sourdough baguette with pesto drizzle & asiago shavings and a splash of spicy sauce. Overall combo is a delight. Baby waffles- light, fluffy with an outer crunch. Served w a sweet creamy sauce and blueberries w crunchy granules of sugar. French onion soup dumplings- crunchy outside, savory inside with gyrure cheese melted all over the top. It's more like a dumpling with soup filling, not soup w. dumplingsQuesadilla- More like fillo dough than a tortilla. This gives it a good crunchy texture. Green apples paired w creamy sweet Brie offset quite well by a drizzle of wasabi oil.Grilled cheese slider w/ fried tomato and jalapeño bacon- Good, but not amazing. A little too greasy for my taste Breakfast slider- good biscuit, what you would expectMust tries: breakfast bruschetta. fench onion soup dumplings. Apple n brie quesadilla.Yummilicious Factor = AQuit reading yelp and go here next week. Why next week? Because you shouldn't go out this week to save up a little cash to feed yourself properly as it's well worth every penny. All the small plates do add up $$$..Great food, great service, great ambiance!!!! Make a reservation and thank yourself later for doing so.. Invite others that enjoy great food. Seating is a little tight and the music is loud but I loved everything about it..Somewhat want to knock it down a notch to 3 stars because the portions were all soooo tiny.  But the quality was excellent.Fave - red snapper tacos and the tuna roll. Chicken arepas - excellent but had no idea an arepa could be made so tiny.  MUCH better flavor than Caracas.Octopus- not the greatestPhilly slider- very good and the largest size out of allWasabi salmon - amazing taste/flavor.Lamb soulvaki - unfortunately ordered this at the end and needed the (not so great dessert) afterwards to get the awful after-taste of curry and spice out of mouth.  Was definitely the worst dish of the night.The caramel 90 proof milkshakes  - tiny shots with excellent, very sweet/caramel flavor.  Problem is I tasted zero alcohol...Had to ask waitress if there really was 90 proof in it.  Another rip-off really.And as for the french onion soup dumplings - they were built up too much in my mind - they were good but not as good as I had hoped and about 1/4 of the size I imagined.  I mean come on really- for $12 it is just onions and some broth- can't they be made a bit bigger?Big on flavor, small on portions...I'll up it to 4 stars as the majority (but certainly not all) of the dishes were excellent.Brunched here as a party of five, and we just about ordered everything. The Stanton Social is perfect for a tapas lovin' (or simply, attention deficit disorder bearing) bunch. There's something for everyone, and well, I found my "somethings." Some thoughts: The waffles here are good, but the banana pancakes? Better. Excellent, really. You MUST get them. They're teeny. They're tiny. They're delicious. The pierogies are good. The lobster benedict, nice. The croque monsieur, as expected. But the Bruschetta? BRILLIANT. Get THEM. *NOM*Finally, the latkes. They're okay. The mac n' cheese, not bad. But the Philly Sliders? YUMMEEEEE!!! Topped with truffles? Double yumEEEE!!! On a side note. The bathroom's red. The lights? Red. Weeeeird.My friend and I lovedddd this place!! We came here at 6pm on a Friday night which was good because it was not crowded and previous reviews have mentioned that tables of 2 are usually on top of each other. We left at about 7:30 and the restaurant was beginning to fill up. So come here early!The waitress was nice and helpful. She asked if it was our first time there and let us know that they recommend 2-3 plates per person. A bus boy then came with a complementary tasting of the caesar salad bites. A single, minuscule bite of caesar salad sandwiched between 2 circular pieces of crouton. If this was ever offered on the full menu, it'd be the biggest rip off ever! But we appreciated the free tasting because who doesn't love free stuff??We ordered to french onion soup dumplings, crab cake corn dogs, thai baby back ribs, and the red snapper tacos. Despite all the talk about the soup dumplings, they were just ALRIGHT. I was expecting more "soup" in them, like with xiao long baos. The star of the show were the red snapper tacos (each consisting of about 1.5 bites) but were absolutely amazing! The thai baby back ribs were surprisingly yummy. The meat was falling off the bone and extremely tender and juicy. The crab cake corn dogs sounded very innovative but upon tasting, the flavors were not as interested as they sounded. So my recommendations - red snapper fish tacos and thai baby back ribs!!! We ordered the warm doughnuts for dessert. These sugar coated fried doughs of perfection came 6 to an order, and with chocolate, raspberry and caramel dipping sauces. An excellent way to end your meal :]The meal was $120 including tip for 2 drinks, 4 plates, 1 dessert and 2 dessert shots. We spent a little more than we wanted to but we came out extremely happy and full. I will def come back again in the future!We've only been for Brunch but left mildly pleased. The food was very good. A lot of good options and it was very tasty. HOWEVER, the portions were minuscule and incredibly pricey. The decor is nice, but the ambiance is lacking. They jam you in to places that you're basically sitting on your neighbor's lap. Not to mention that due to the reputation this place has as 'trendy and upscale' the clientele leaves very little to be desired. They're obnoxious, snobby people who feel they are the only important customers in the restaurant and therefore drive the wait-staff crazy.Not bad to try, but doubt we'll ever go back.Words cannot describe how amazing the food is here...but I'm going to give it a shot.There's a reason why the only open reservation on a Friday night was at 10PM, but it was well worth having dinner so late. They were running behind on the reservations so we had a drink upstairs and my mojito was the best mojito I've ever had; it just started the night off right. We checked in with them 20 minutes later and there was still a wait. When we finally did get a table, they gave us a complimentary dish. Talk about customer service done right.We had the french onion soup dumplings, nori tuna, red snapper tacos, kobe beef burger and the pulled pork. Lets just start it off with the fact that EVERYTHIGN was good and full of flavor. While the kobe beef burger was good, it didn't wow me as much as everything else and I'd recommend passing on this and getting something else. The pulled pork was a little better and served on a biscuit. The one thing that was absolutely the best was the nori tuna. It was the BEST tuna I've ever had and just thinking about it makes my mouth water. This is a MUST have and the next time I go, I'm ordering two. You don't taste it right away, but after that first bite, it all makes sense. Top notch tuna that I would die for.The service was great and I have no complaints with that. The food came out fast and they don't overload you with food. Definitely make reservations otherwise you will be waiting. I cannot wait to come back to this place!!!!!Food here was average. I think it has a great trendy ambiance for grabbing drinks but the food wasn't too impressive. The best things probably were the warm piquillo pepper bruschetta and the french onion soup dumplings. Watch out for the dumplings when you bite in though. They are ridiculously hot when they come out. The waitress was a bit rude and she forgot my drink order.Warm Piquillo Pepper 'Bruschetta'French Onion Soup DumplingsPotato & Goat Cheese PierogiesBistro SaladRed Snapper TacosPulled Pork SliderWent here as a group of 6, so we were lucky to try a decent amount of items from the menu. I tried a strawberry fields cocktail, which was very tasty, but on the smaller side. I could guzzle down 10 or so, if they weren't $13 a pop.Some of the stand-outs were the pierogies with truffle creme fraiche, short rib tacos, octopus, and the bacon/apple/brie quesadilla. The flavors were great with those dishes. A side note about the octopus too: I generally don't eat octopus. I think it's too chewy and fishy, personally. However, this octopus was cooked properly, and with a nice savory sauce.Service was attentive, and they swapped out the plates halfway through so that all the flavors from the many small plates wouldn't run together. Decor was sleek and fun.I have been to the Stanton Social twice, both in groups. The first for a bachelorette party, and the second for a birthday party. Reservations are required, so plan ahead, but this really is a great location to go with a crowd. If you get there early, you can hang out at the louge-y bar upstairs. Note that it gets seriously crowded after 9:30ish.I found the service to be quite good. Really attentive. We told our waiter that the bride-to-be loved appletinis, and he came back with a round of appletini inspired shots for the whole table. The cocktails are interesting and really yummy - the vanilla cucumber cosmo goes well with everything!One of the reasons you want to go with a group is so that you can try lots of the food. They can bring out serving sizes that are one of each for everyone if you ask. I think the french onion soup dumplings are ok, but everyone else loves them. The pierogies  and the shrimp are really fantastic - I insist that you try them. The brie quesadilla is a LOT of brie.DO NOT skip the donuts for dessert. Please. Just trust me. Please.Last time we went the total cam to just under $100 per person for 7-8 tapas and a few cocktails each.We finally made it to Stanton Social on a Sunday morning. To my greatest joy, the brunch menu includes all those tapa dishes that I've always wanted to try.Two floor plan; high ceilings; it has very interesting, intimate and romantic vibe. It reminds me of Russian Tea Room with those circular seating, and they have several huge long tables good for large groups as well. Food were innovative and taste delicious. 4 of us ordered French onion soup dumplings, Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies, Kobe Beef Burger sliders, Breakfast Bruschetta, Spicy Lobster Benedict, Caramelized Banana Pancakes.Most dishes were admittedly salty and greasy. I still love them because of the uniqueness. (Actually now come to think of it, food variety are very similar to "Hurricane Club", but taste much better. Making fancy innovative unhealthy dishes is harder than one thinks. They have a wide selection of creative signature cocktails as well. The drinks about $11-13 each, very strong. We had a great time in Stanton Social. Go with a group of fun and cool people. You really have to be with the right crowd and with the right mood to get most out of it. =)Not really impressed with the food here at all. I tried a number of dishes (crab cake corndogs, kobe beef sliders, french onion soup dumplings, lobster rolls, calamari, fish tacos, pierogies, and maybe more that I'm forgetting), and all of it was average if not subpar. Seems like it's more of a place for those who just want a trendy scene, but don't care much for food.Prices are not cheap, but are rather typical in price and portion for tapas. I think among our group of four, the bill came out to be $140ish, and we all left still capable of eating more. Luckily, a friend covered a big chunk of the bill (thank you!), or else I'd feel like it was even less worth it.Service was alright. They will not seat you unless your entire party is there. They are willing to accommodate multiple cards when paying the bill.Okay, food is off the chain here, and the cocktails were pretty slamming too. I had the Sidecar and a whiskey sour, and...Lobster rollKobe slider (DA-YUM!)Short rib tacosArapasTuna carpaccioPhilly steak sliderPerogiesI'm a nut about good service, and there were a couple of service issues here - like some others, we also got asked to move to the bar after about an hour and a half. Yes, we were comped a drink and dessert, but with small dishes coming out in waves, there should be more thought put into planning. Also, I wasn't keen on the way our waitress demanded we order everything at one time, and got huffy that we ordered an additional dish later in the meal. I get it, I just didn't need the attitude about it. Go, eat, drink, enjoy, shrug off the "eh" service. It's worth it.Very swanky atmosphere, kind of like a lounge/club environment w/ top 40 hits playing...the restaurant is borderline meatpacking feel, but not w/ the same type of crowd.All of the appetizers were either a hit or miss for me.  Some things were really delicious and others were just gross...I even gave up some of my pieces b/c I couldn't bear to eat the less appetizing food (meatballs were a no go and so was the mushroom ravioli).  The grilled octopus was also kind of disgusting...the octopus itself was cooked nicely but the sauce was too heavy.  I'm a big fan of desserts but nothing on the menu was very impressive...the doughnuts just tasted like heated sugar donuts w/ dipping sauces.  The vanilla panna cotta was too soft and didn't seem like it finished being set, and the ratio of sauce to panna cotta was too high.  Another con about the place - 1 restroom for the whole restaurant for men & women...maybe there was another one upstairs, but the wait for the downstairs one was annoying.  My favorites were the crab cake corn dogs & the hand pulled chicken arepas, but other than that everything else was just bleh.  Expected better food for the ambiance of the place & price ($40ish dollars per person for a group of 6 w/o drinks).I've come here twice now, once for post-dinner drinks and another time for brunch, so I'm pretty sure I "get' what Stanton Social is trying to do in terms of offering a fun, trendy and elegant approach to small plate entertainment, and I will say they succeed on almost all accounts.For me, I'd like to think that I'm more concerned with the food, than the ambience.  I got a headache from the music on the website, for crying out loud.  Heck, I even used the phrase, "Crying out loud" in a Yelp review.But based solely on food, the Stanton Social is a winner.  Go with a large enough group, and you'll be ordering eating just enough of an item that you'll be satisfied, but wanting more before you move on to your next dish.  Plates ranged from really good (the tacos, croque monsieur satays, and donuts in chocolate sauce) to interesting, but just ok (grilled apple and brie quesadillas, and chilaquiles), but all of that is part of the charm and fun of the Stanton Social.It's a refreshing change of pace rather than paying $15 for an overpriced and mediocre omelette at most other restaurants in NYC, and a great place to feel momentarily cool while going for drinks in the LES.Very clubby atmosphere, but we were seated by the door and didn't get to partake. Food was very good, but not excellent.I would have given this place 5 stars if the wait wasn't soooooo loooooong. A+ service, the staff is very professional and top of the line. If you enjoy cocktails you must try the strawberry fields cocktail, I will go back to this place just to have another glass (or two), it's that good. Details about the place: This is definitely a trendy place to see and to be seen. Patrons were relatively young and well-dressed, granted I did go on a Saturday night.   It's extremely popular so if you go on a weekend night be prepared to wait even with a reservation. Ambience is sophisticated but down-to-earth.  My two friends and I ordered five plates and it was enough to feed all three of us:we had:the french onion dumplings: eeekravioli: goodribs: goodand 2 other dishes. Aside from the wait, good experience overall.I ended up with up in the LES with friends on a Friday night around 9pm. We booked a reservation time within 20 minutes through Yelp. We had no issues getting a table. The food was declicious and at reasonable prices (for New York). I will definitely go back and try the brunch. This is a great spot to keep on your short list when in the area.Before I get to the review, I have to say this.  Definitely get the Guinness toffee cake.  My date and I decided to split one and we liked it so much that we actually split a second one.Everything was fantastic, from the first sip of wine to the last bite of cake.  Here's what we had starting with the best:'Chicken n' Waffles'Moo Shu ChickenButternut Squash & Sweet Potato RavioliStone-ground Blue Corn Crabcake 'Corn Dogs'Wok charred EdamameOne quick note: I don't like seafood or vegetables, and I still ate every item and the worst thing that I could say about any is that I was indifferent towards the edamame.This was my favorite restaurant we went to during our trip. The interior of the restaurant is gorgeous. It was vibrant & loud when we walked in, but once we were seated in a corner booth, conversations were manageable. Our group of 4 ordered separately despite our servers recommendation to order a bunch of food and just share. For me, I ordered the Red Snapper Fish Tacos, Pulled Pork Slider & 3 East Coast Oysters. The food was excellent. The tacos were my absolute favorite, though. I thought the prices were reasonable, the food delicious & the service fantastic!Cocktails and food were good in general; service was fine, though not exceptional. I may or may not go back again, I'm not exactly sure why yet. I mean, I did have a good experience after all. Something just doesn't click with me about this place. With the lack of adjectives and modifiers about this place, well, this probably all sounds so confusing to you, but I thought I should just be honest.P.S. Most dishes come in 3 pieces, if you want extra for them (say, for a party of 4), you can pay a few bucks for that extra piece.Tapas style brunch. Best idea EVER.Kitschy little spot. Love the decor and ambiance. Dimly lit, even on a Sunday at noon. I was intrigued by the tapas brunch concept. I mean, baby eggs benny? Who wouldn't find that appealing. We tried the grilled apple and brie quesadilla, grilled cheese minis with jalapeno bacon and fried green tomatoes, caramelized banana pancakes, mini huevos rancheros, lox and bagels, and as previously mentioned, the baby benedict. My eyes were beaming from the glorious spread before me. And not to mention, Colin Hanks was sitting directly across from me, not too shabby of a scene I'd say. Everything was delicious. Service was a bit spotty but whatever, it was super busy. Can't wait to go back!!!There can't be much to say about a place that already has 125+ reviews without being totally redundant, so I'll keep this brief.I liked the space itself - though it was lively and crowded, we didn't feel suffocated and we could actually hear ourselves talking! The staff was friendly and helpful and were more than happy to offer recommendations.  The red snapper tacos were my favorite followed very closely by the hanger steak skewer things. We also had the Crabcake Corndogs, a Pulled Pork slider, Endive Salad, and the Butternut Squash ravioli. The only thing that totally missed were the raviolis (waaayyyy too buttery and possibly undercooked).The food at Stanton Social was simply scrumptious. I highly recommend it for the amazing tapas!! I have to admit I was initially skeptical of the place because it seemed extremely trendy... but I was in for a nice surprise. I went with a group on a Sunday night when it was relatively uncrowded. Without a reservation, we were able to get a table upstairs (which lacks the loungey atmosphere of the trendy downstairs, but the privacy was a nice tradeoff). The potato pierogies, butternut squash ravioli, and paella cakes were my favorites. We got 8 dishes to share, and everything was melt-in-your-mouth delicious. The waiter was very nice and for a small price increase, they were able to adjust each of our dishes so they included four of everything (so we could each have one). This would be a great place for a date also, and I plan on going back soon. Highly recommend it!!! The only caveat is that I tried going back on a Friday night a week later, and the entrance was packed with preppy wanna-be socialites. I guess Friday night is when the place is in full swing for all the scenesters. Without a reservation, we were told the wait would be 1.5 hours... so we left and went somewhere else. A few days later, I saw Stanton Social mentioned in the latest issue of US WEEKLY because Jessica Alba and her bf went there. My recommendation... the food is definitely worth it and you will not be disappointed- but go on a off-time to skip the scene if it's not your thing.My review is based on Friday night drinks in the lounge since the food and restaurant have been covered pretty thoroughly in the previous posts.A friend and I thought we would stop by for a drink, being fully prepared for a huge crowd at the bar and already having a plan B in mind. I guess we were lucky because it was not too packed and we were able to sit down without any hassle in one of the two couch areas. The lounge area upstairs is small and lively. The vibe is sexy and upbeat--dark and candlelit, decorated with mirrored panels and a pretty red blossom design, there's a good mix of music old and new and totally loud, and dancing is in full effect. The cocktails ($14) are AMAZING, superbly thought out and very well prepared. Loved the Social Tea, Strawberry Fields, and Brooklyn Lemonade. Another great night here. I'm very happy that this place has remained consistent over the past few years.Four words for you: French Onion Soup Dumplings. Holy crap, these are unreal. I would go back again and again just for the dumplings. As far as everything else - Stanton social is a real treat. It's absolutely gorgeous and perfect for a classy night out. We had great service, great drinks, and the food was really yummy. The only reason for 4 stars was that I felt that the drinks were just a wee bit small and some of my oysters were a little too crunchy... and as a new englander, that's never a good sign. would definitely come back! yum!Hands down best tapas place I ever been to and not only that....they had the best signature cocktail list around! I tried almost 1 of everything; literally!!! Ambiance: 10Service: 10Flavor/Taste: 10I was greeted with a complimentary tequila gazpacho shot - Amazing! Red Snapper Tacos - Amazing!Chicken Taquitos - To die for! Goat Cheese & Pesto Pizza - Amazing!Grilled Asparagus - Best I ever had! Beef Wellington - GoodChicken N Waffles - Cute & YummyHomemade donuts - too much....so good!Chocolate Lovers Sample Platter - Wear maternity clothes if you can!Pros: Great food. Kobe Burger, the French Onion Soup Dumplings are all musts. Nice alcohol selection. Nice decor and atmosphere (first floor). Nice service with hot servers!!Cons: The open bar area on the second floor is kind of weird, especially with people sitting for dinner on the same floor. Makes the floor a kind of a mess. Also some of the tables are not conducive to eating. Lounging yes, eating no. Kind of loud and also cramped. I mean all of these are nitpicking, which is why it is still a five star in my mind.Hard to find this place if you are looking for a HUGE sign for it on the outside.  It's very discrete.  When you walk in you are transported into this dark, sexy, "chill" restaurant.  All the plates are "small" so for 2 people it was recommended we order 5 plates.  We had a show to catch in an hour so we were very happy that service was so quick!  Started off with the philly cheesesteak slider (best thing ever.  Get it) and lobster roll.  The mac and cheese was delicious, spicy pieces of chorizo throughout the creamy pasta.  Of course we got the french onion soup dumplings.  It's legit guys.  Delicious. Honestly I'm running out of adjectives for this place.  At 5:45pm the place was pretty packed so make reservations and prepare to eat salty, savory, foods till you burst!Food: Small plate brunch is the best! Especially good were the lobster eggs benedict (hollandaise was delic, fresh and uncongealed) and the BLT sliders with avocado (all blts should have Avo)  with a slight harissa kick.Space: Great contemporary space, nice vibe.  Recommend brunch over dinner- upstairs is especially loud and not conducive to hearing/speaking...which come to think of it could be perfect in some instances...Service: always professional and not in your face or pretentious.Cute place!  I came here for dinner/drinks - it was well worth the wait.   Be sure to make reservations.  I had their Kobe beef sliders - so cute and so delicious. I also had their French onion dumplings.. yummy...  Oh and the martinis - I had so many.  let's see.. as far as I remember, I had the sake pear martini, the tangerine, and i think the pomegranate.  All highly recommended.Definitely coming back the next time I'm in town.Went there for dinner with my husband.  We had a few different plates.  It all tasted really good but the portions are miniscule.  We spent over $100 and left not feeling full.  I'd recommend going for drinks and to enjoy the ambience, but not eating here.If you love trendiness and overpriced food, this place is perfect!Trendy, sexy vibe. It actually sorta reminded of LA. Had reservations here so we had no problem waiting. Everybody from the person working the front to the waiter were all friendly and nice. I love tapas and the menu looked amazing, it was difficult to narrow our choices down. For 2 ppl, the waiter recommended between 4-6 small plates. We decided on the French onion soup dumplings, cheddar waffle and chicken, grilled cheese sliders, butter poached lobster pizza, and goat cheese with caramelized onions pierogi. All were fantastic. I will have to say that it was a bit noisy inside so it may it a bit hard to hear your dining companion and as for the sliders, keep in mind it's just one slider only. Next time I come visit NYC, I'll be sure to hit up this place.If you're in the mood for small portioned tasty treats, definitely head to Stanton Social. Although I would suggest going before 7 if you intend on having a conversation with your company since it's pretty popular after 7 when the crowds start pouring in by the dozens.Here's a rundown of what we had:- Ahi Tuna Tartare roll - seems so simple yet so tasty. Every bit was amazing.- French Onion Soup Dumpling - Definitely an interesting spin on your traditional French Onion Soup and quite savory.- Yellowtail Sashimi - Meh. Nothing special.- Slow Cooked Pork Ribs - Yum. The meat literally falls off the bones and were very well seasoned.I definitely recommend giving this place a try if you haven't yet.I love dissecting names, food, ambiance etc. Lets exam the name here. Stanton, ok makes sense it is located on Stanton. Social? By Social you mean great for groups, in an atmosphere so loud that there is no point in talking to your friends. Sure, why not. Regardless how big your group is Stanton Social will create just enough for everyone to try. Mmmmmmm bite size food. Happily delicious since I get to try so many different types. Upstairs lounge, oh gosh it's too small and with very limited bathrooms.I had the chance to visit The Stanton Social in the afternoon with my NYC friends!  We tried the red snapper tacos and the French onion soup dumplings!!!  I liked the red snapper tacos more than the soup!  Next time, I'll order double portions.  ;)  Also, reservations are a must!  They make awesome mocktails for ppl that do not drink alcohol too. =)I learned about this place from the Food Network from their show: The Best Appetizer I've Ever Had. :))))))My friend also said that their donuts are really good here too!  I can't wait to visit NYC again!Sexy! The decor is sleek and handsome, candlelight abounds, the plates are decadent and designed for sharing, and the music is good, not too loud, and perfectly projected by an exquisite sound system (seriously the best sound system I've heard in any restaurant, ever). A great date spot as well as a ladies' night out spot.We came on a Sunday afternoon and it was not crowded at all. I imagine that it probably gets crazy busy in the evenings (like most places on the LES), so I'll probably stick with the afternoon slot in the future.Highly recommend the chicken arepas. They don't sound that exciting at first, but they are goooood.The Stanton Social is the definition of a trendy dining experience. We came here around midnight, but the staff was still gracious and sat us right away in a really comfortable booth near the front.Our server was awesome -- I don't remember his name, but he had that aloof yet friendly hipster air about him. I ordered the Strawberry Fields cocktail, which was really refreshing and delicious. My boyfriend wasn't as big a fan of his Brooklyn Lemonade.They brought us a complimentary taster of a new dish, caesar salad bites, while we waited for our food. They were good, but not even big enough for one satisfying bite (and not worth the $7 or $8 they'd probably charge for it). We ordered:French Onion Soup Dumplings: Not as impressive as I'd hoped. I was thinking this might be actual french onion soup with dumplings in it, but instead the dish consisted of several dumplings smothered in onions and cheese on toothpicks. Interesting concept and not bad in execution, but I wouldn't say I'd go out of my way to eat this again.Red Snapper Tacos: Incredible. Three tiny tacos with so much flavour packed into them. I could've eaten three more plates of these.Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies: Pretty good, but too heavy on the cream. Not sure why it's considered one of their signature dishes.Grilled Pizzetta: We technically didn't order this. We meant to order the bruschetta, but they brought this out to us instead, and we didn't realise it until we got our check (although I did wonder the whole time while our bruschetta was more like flatbread). It was your standard cheese pizza with a spicy kick. Definitely the most filling thing we ate.We'd expected to order more than four dishes, but we were stuffed despite the small portions. I guess that's what happens when you know you're paying $2-5 per bite.Fantastic DJ, this place was hopping and it was Monday! No line up, got up the stairs right away. Beautiful dim decor. Plenty of seating areas. Great for a bday celebration. $12 drinks were not too bad. We danced till closing time! Coming back soon!Impressive and beautiful ambience, exuding the chic NYC trendy feel that we love to show off to out of town guests. The food, however, is incredibly expensive for what you get, and unless you have an unlimited bank account of your company/rich boyfriend/sugar daddy is footing the bill, you won't be able to just enjoy the food because the only thing you will be thinking is "I just paid 4 dollars for a 2 bit taco".   We got Katz sandwiches right after.Best of the night  were French onion soup dumplings and the donuts with dipping sauces. Skip the pumpkin twinkies for 4 dollars a piece....the original Twinkie at the bodega across the street tastes better.I do have to admit that our waitress was helpful and sweet. Music is too loud to have a decent conversation.Went w 2 of my gal pals saturday, one of us was late and they refused to seat us until everyone shows up. We were then seated at the lounge area upstairs.  we love the area, although the table kind of small, but we liked it. we ordered few drinks to start off, mojito was wonderful.We ordered few items to share, ahi tuna poke (thumbs up!) Kobe beef sliders (must have) meatballs (absolutely loved them) and personally I didn't really care for the pierogies or the French onion soup dumplings... other then that everything was great. It was quite crowded. Since it was a Saturday night, we were told that we could only have the table for an hour and 15 mins...didn't really bother us cuz we had other place to go.  However, if u happen to go on a Saturday, be aware that management might do the same to u if ur party is rather small.  prices were ok for a standard small chic restaurant in the city.  I will def return!My Manhattan friend picked this place for our girl's night out during my visit to The Apple :)We sat at the bar and ordered food and drink thr. Everything was beyond delicious and top it off with a really nice bartender!We had an awesome time. Good crowd, awesome music and great ambiance!Would like to go thr again with my better half!Also, enough vegetarian choices. A big plus!Brunch was fantastic.  The restaurant gets a little crowded, but I guess that could be expected in New York.  Love the atmostphere and will be back again.The food here is delicious if you choose the right items. I've been here with both medium sized groups, with a friend, and on dates. I wouldn't come here with more than a group of 6 as it gets difficult to share the small portions (think tapas!).Seating can be a pain, so make reservations in advance. Oh, and it gets pretty hot inside during the summer.Recommended:- French Onion Soup Dumplings- Creekstone Farms Braised Short Rib Soft Tacos - 'Kobe Philly' - truffle & goat cheese fondueThis is place where you get really cozy with your neighbors......the resturant is always packed but the food is good.  I like to go upstairs and just grab drinks and a few appies, it's not as loud as it is downstairs.  Loved the sliders, crab cake 'corn dogs' and the french onion soup dumplings.  It's all quite tasty....oh, and dessert, doughnuts...with a few dipping sauces, YUMMY!  Also liked the decor of the bar upstairs....I really like this place... and not just because it's trendy! The food is actually good here! It's a great place to go to if you have a lot of people or want to meet for drinks. Aside from that, two dishes that I absolutely recommend and have been craving for lately are the red snapper tacos and the chicken and waffles. Ever since I got back from Los Angeles, I've been searching for a place in the city that has anything close to it and Stanton Social's is quite good although on the small side. (They are sharing plates, after all.) Everything here is shared. Anyway, the other dishes I've had were alright for me and not extremely memorable but if I can't remember them, they must not have been that bad. I had a good experience there and I will definitely be back for more chicken and waffles and fish tacos. *drool*Definitely a fan.  I've only been for special occassion brunches, but very delish.  the beignets are worth ordering more of after you taste your first order.  the French onion soup dumplings are amusing, but just ok.  the perogies are yum.  mostly all the food is great and cute.  and i love having cocktails in the morning.  it is a bit expensive, but that's why we go for birthdays.This was my second time here. Really fun place with a great ambiance! food and drinks were both fantastic. Definitely order the onion soup dumplings and make sure to eat them while still hot!The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the music was just way too loud. Too many times did we find ourselves not being able to hear each other over the music!Squishy & crowded, but very good food. It's definitely a place to go to with people you like=)Highly recommend the french onion soup dumplings and the crab cake corndogs. Just be careful to let the dumplings cool down before you eat them - they can be dangerous!i love little portions!This is really random but, I love the electro-house music that they play on their website.Is that a good basis to give a restaurant 5 stars? I don't care.....I DO WHAT I WAAAANNNNTTTT!!!If I could afford it, I would come back again and again. My date and I shared East and West coast oysters with a variety of garnish, duck confit empanadas, french onion soup dumplings, chicken & waffles as well as a spicy rabbit sausage mixed with pasta and an incredibly complimentary sauce.Drink-wise, their dirty vodka martini was perfect, and exploring their bold variety of specialty drinks is worth it. My favorite was the clementine gimlet, but go for the Guiness/champagne flute (I think it was called Black Magic) for curiosity, and with little expectations.The wait staff definitely has it together. Their timing and coordination made us feel like we were the only couple in the crowded restaurant.Definitely an incredible place, with a menu that deserves to be explored again and again.*3.5 StarsDesign matters a lot to me.  There are a lot of places in NYC that serve great food, but if I'm going to pay over $50 per person anywhere, I expect excellent design and ambiance too.  For this reason, the Stanton Social gets TWO bright stars right off the bat. The modern art-deco design of the restaurant is impressive and unique.  I love the 1930s architectural lines, brass fixtures and lighting. The tapas style food is good and cute; comfort food options in smaller bites, like chicken and waffles & goat cheese pierogies, plus some more original dishes.  BUT, the food was not completely memorable and for the prices you pay, I expected more kick in each bite.  For food and drinks, they get 1.5 stars.  The Stanton Social was a good time, but not one of the best.  I'd recommend checking it out once.  Just be warned that while you'll get to enjoy one of the best designed restaurants in the City, you'll pay $70 a head and probably still be hungry at the end of the night.Perfect place to go with a group of friends.  We came as a group of five on a Saturday night.  We sat at one of the side booths on the main floor - and my only peeve with the table was the fact that it was just too damn high!  Three of the ladies at the table are pretty tall and still had issues, while the two on the shorter side could barely rest their arms on the table.  We also had to push it out because we felt so cramped.  Kind of awkward.Regardless, our service was great.  We had an attentive waitress and the smaller shared plates were super yummy.  The perogies, mac and cheese, and spinach salad were the most memorable parts of the meal.  Off the drink menu, I had the cumumber and vanilla martini, which was refreshing but kind of weak - I definitely did not get lit like I would have with a dirty Belvedere.  In order to get the job done, I switched to scotch at this point.Overall, the meal and drinks set us each back around $60 including tip.Four solid stars, i had such a great time yesterday evening. Despite the poopy rainy weather, and the long cab ride getting there, it was still well worth it, LES is far from mid-town!We were seated immediately right after we arrived. We got this amazing circular booth in the front of the restaurant, right when you go in--and the seats face the rest of the place so we can see the entire stretch of the restaurant including the upstairs! Our waiter was very kind and asked if we had any questions and needed any help with the menu. We didn't need any help and we ordered the following for 2 ppl (and they are listed in the order of what i liked most to least):French onion soup dumplingsMiso glazed chilean Sea bass sataysRed Snapper Tacos--creamy avocado and mangoWarm Piquillo Pepper Bruschetta stuffed with roasted garlic-goat cheese Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies caramelized onions & truffle creme fraiche Wow the french onion soup dumplings are super unique and deeelicious! If you've ever had a chinese pork soup dumpling-- it's the same concept  but instead inside the dumpling is carmelized onions and french onion soup then it's like overlaid with yummmy hot crunchy cheese and seasonings. It looked like it was baked in one of those escargot molds. very very nice! :) The mizo glazed chilean sea bass was very nice!! The sea bass was fresh, a quality cut and just melted right in our mouths. Then the red snapper tacos were great, they accidentally brought us out 2 orders of it.. one right after the other, and we told them but they still gave it to us and didn't charge us.. the sauce was a little on the spicy side, but still very flavorful. Bruschetta was very unique. The stuffed peppers on top with fraiche cheese was very rich in flavor and yummy. It's not something you could each very much of but still tasty.Which brings me to the potato and goat cheese, very very rich, maybe by then we were stuffed already so wasn't my favorite. But how could i expect potato and cheese combo not to be rich right? Still very delic, it was liked fancy mashed potatoes in an empananda! The portions are small, but still very very filling!!! We still wanted something sweet at the end so we went with the donuts!! HAHA After the hot crispy donuts arrived with the choco/caramel/strawbery dipping sauce, we wanted a little bit of icecream on the side. We ordered chocolate, they brought us strawberry, we told them we wanted choco, they told us to eat the strawberry first, they brought out the choco and we were stuffed!! They didn't charge us for the strawberry OR choco...The staff was extremely nice and quick to clear our plates, informative and efficient providing an overall excellent experience! The prices are very reasonable...Can't wait to go back!Wow! I'm super impressed by the service & the food! Came here for tapas style brunch and here's my top-picks:french onion soup dumplingscroque monsieur sataysred snapper tacosWe walked right in at 1pm on a Saturday, didn't have to wait for a table and got seated in a booth for 3 right away! Service was top notch and i love the interior of this restaurant - modern and hip with good food to match. I've got a renewed love for the LES...definitely gonna be spending more time here..Stanton Social is a two story venue with a fusion restaurant on the first floor and a lounge on the second floor. The decor is very modern and attractive. (It reminded me of California.)Their kitchen is open until 2am and they remain open until 3am. The food is very creative and wild. Each small plate costs $10 to $15 which is good for the quality. The dishes have a nice mix of lots of fresh ingredients. They will mix elements from cuisines around the world. You can eat dinner and later go upstairs for drinks to their nice bar. The crowd is pretty nice.They would lose points for the unreliable music but the food, decor, and bar bring it up to five.Ok so I finally made it here for brunch and it was great. I can be an indecisive orderer at brunch so small plates at my favorite meal = happy me. The decor is beautiful and the atmosphere is great -remember this place for a bigger group. Here are my food recommendations:DRINK: Rosemary bloodyTRY: Everyone is right - the donuts are AWESOME!, huevos tacos, kobe philly, grilled cheese, and the onion soup dumplings (they aren't a MUST but def a specialty of SS)PASS: the steak & eggs, potato latkes they're both kinda blandAmbience: Dim, loungey and romantic. Tables are a bit close, so watch out because you may get the occasional stranger's ass that has to go to the bathroom's in your face.Service: The waitress was nice. She was cool about my friend having brought in a momofuku cake too. Plate clearers were a different story.  Was anyone else annoyed them? I appreciate the clean plates (although almost wasteful everytime a new dish was brought out). I felt I was being rushed to finish my dishes at times. Maybe I wanted to save the last dumpling for later. Apparently, not ok.Food:Potato and Goat Cheese Pierogies- delicious! I'm getting these again!French Onion Soup dumplings- these were overhyped for me. They were good, but I'm not sure if I liked the pierogies better. Still worth getting.Lobster Roll- Go to Luke's Lobster. Social Mac and Cheese-I don't know if it's the cheese or the chorizo, but this was one of our favorites. Wild Mushroom Risotto Cakes- pleasantly surprised. I wasn't excited for them, but they were delicious. Maryland Jumbo Lump Crabcake "Corndogs" - What can I say, I'm from Annapolis and I'm a crabcake snob. These were good. Were they as good as Jerry's Seafood crab bombs or Edgewater Restaurant's jumbolump crab cakes? No (in fairness these were just different). But better than some crabcakes in other Maryland restaurants? Yep. But kudos for coming close to a Maryland crabcake (old bay and cocktail sauce would have made it better).Barbeque duck confit and black bean empanadas- last minute desicion and we may have been better off with something else. This was aight at best. 90 Proof milkshake shot - 90% sugar. Didn't even taste the maker's mark (hm... but I could be too much of an alcoholic). I like sweets, but this was too sweet for me. I liked Stanton Social, I just wish the plate clearers ease up a bit. I'm at a restaurant, not boot camp.They take simple basic stuff like tacos, perogie and twinkies and glitz them up by adding all the familiar flavors then throwing in one odd ball ingredient to confuse the hell out of you and make you remember you're not in Kansas anymore.  This is the kind of place that has the bass pumping some techno beat over and over again and the lights turned super low.  High ceilings, candles flickering on the brick walls, a giant mound of glowing ice with bright red lobsters arranged in a post modern sort of way on top...  You know.  This is a special occasion place.  The kind of place you take friends from out of town to grab a drink and dinner for a night out only to go home and rest your head on your low thread count pillow and be happy that you don't really live that life, because that life is a dim, expensive, pretentious life to lead, but kind of fun every now and then.One of my new LES faves. Came here with some good friends for a super late late nite dinner & dessert... and left with a super-yummy taste in our mouths!Upstairs bar is small, intimate and kinda loud. Nice seating options and a great stray from the LES grittyness you're used to.Downstairs dining area is nice, warm, dark, quiet(er) and intimate. Our waitress was super helpful, attentive and willing to answer any questions we had. I'm a fan of small plates--the variety of tastes always pleases my palate!So here we go...Caesar Salad Crostini? - This one was a freebie--kinda like a caesar salad bite. Simple and yummy.Grilled Cheese Sliders - These looked like perfect little triangular stacks of goodness. Unfortunately I didn't have this because of the bacon. My friends said it was awesome.Duck Confit w/ Black Bean Empanadas - Again, I didn't have this one, but it was described as great bbq duck flavor, with the black beans offsetting the richness of the duck confit.Red Snapper Tacos - These were AMAZINGLY yummy. Avocado cream with bits of mango round out these itty-bitty taco bites.Dusted Frites - Their rendition of pomme frites. Simple execution done well--potatoes perfectly fried and crispy, dusted with spice and herbs. Ketchup and alioli were a nice touch as dipping options.Wild Mushroom Risotto Cakes - This was probably my favorite of the small dishes. Balanced flavors, nice textures with the wild mushrooms and the crispy mushrooms on the top. The parmesan cheese gave a nice subtle saltiness and tang.Grilled Tomato Pizetta - Like a slice of pizza refined. This was very simple--fresh mozzarella, grilled tomatoes, garlic and chile oil. Warm Doughnuts - Warm, fluffy, perfectly fried and rolled in cinnamon and sugar. What more do you want?... Well, how about chocolate, caramel and raspberry dipping sauces? OH HELL YES.Chocolate Tasting - The perfect ending to an awesome meal. I'm surprised we had room left in our stomachs. Chocolate malt ice cream with chocolate crunchies, chocolate panna cotta, mousse, molten s'mores cake, mini sandwich cookies and homemade mini peppermint patties. So there... will I come back? OH YES. The best thing is that they're open till 3am and their kitchen closes 2:30ish? Good friends, good food and good drinks make for a great night thanks to The Stanton Social!It's fun here but I'd say it's one of the more annoying restaurants i've been to. Anywhere that tries to make you feel sub par socially upon arrival can fold their lamanated menus and place them swiftly in their nether regions.  I've been to michelin star restaurants that have been friendlier and more accommodating. DO NOT make me wait for my table if 4 of the 6 of us are there. We made a reservation. Do your line of coke, check your makeup and take me to my table. Your a host/hostess you make minimum wage your not the gatekeeper to shangri laOkay now that I've got that out of my system.. The food was good. We got drunk so it's hard to tell how amazing everything was because it always tastes amazing when your drunk.I love the selection.the french onion soup balls were a bit of a let down.The mini tacos and sliders were greatThe donuts (amazeballs) for realThe squid lettuce wrap was really well prepared.All and all it was a fun night and our server was terrific.. i'm not lumping in the waitstaff with my disapproval at the top of the post.It's a fun spot to hit up but NYC has so many other places to offer I wouldn't go running here. But if you do end up at Stanton you will have fun and leave full and drunk should you desireLOVED. THE. EXPERIENCE.Maybe it was because i went on Thanksgiving, but the server was super nice and attentive. She always came when we were thinking about calling her over... like... brain telepathy. amazing. We got about 10 items on the menu... all of them were amazing. except for the meatballs and the brie quesadillas... those were really awkward... in my mouth. && its a little pricey for the amount of food but its really not that bad... (the minus 1 star)LOVED that mango taco thing, dumplings, some chicken jalepeno thing, and salmon noodle thing... (sorry its not the exact names... read the descriptions...) OH! and their COCKTAILS. def. worth a try. STRAWBERRY FIELDS!!! really really need to try that...especially if you like/dont mind chunks of strawberries in your drinks. OVERALL... i would go again. the place is cute. the atmosphere is cute. give it a try.Everything here's meant to be shared. They recommend about 3 dishes per person but we ordered 2 per person for a group of 4 and it was the perfect amount - full but not too bloated!Standouts: - Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies with caramelized onions & truffle creme fraiche $9- Maryland Jumbo Lump Crabcake 'Corn Dogs'  $13- Chipotle Grilled Shrimp with  tomatillo & feta relish $15- Social Mac & Cheese with chorizo & ovendried tomato $12I'd skip the quesadillas, chicken & waffles (and I am a girl who LOVES her fried chicken), and the french onion soup dumplings (ok ok, I know they're the thing to order here... but I wasn't impressed!)Food was definitely an upgrade from sister restaurant Beauty & Essex, but B&E wins in terms of ambiance. Our table was upstairs in the cocktail lounge so it was loud to the point that we couldn't hear each other speak - I'd request a table downstairs if you want to be able to make conversation, and then head upstairs post dinner for drinksWhen a restaurant is featured on Food Network's Best Thing I Ever Ate, of course you're going to go try it right?! It also helped that the French Onion Soup Dumplings looked absolutely delish.When you walk into The Stanton Social, it feels like you're walking into a club - the lights are dim, the music is loud and the place is packed with people. (Note: MUST make reservations!) My friends and I got seated at the booth at the very end of the restaurant, which was unfortunately next to a long table of drunk girls, squealing birthday wishes to each other. Oh well...We ate: (1) French Onion Soup Dumplings (2) Red Snapper Tacos (3) Social Mac&Cheese (4) Wild Mushroom & Ricotta Ravioli (5) Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies.The thing great about a tapas restaurant is that you get to try a whole bunch of different things. The not-so-great thing is that each dish is pretty expensive and so should you chance upon a mistake, its a costly one. The food was ... ok. I was looking forward most to the soup dumplings (of course) but I thought that it was too doughy. But I think making french onion soup into a dumpling is a genius idea.I'm such a sucker for the Food Network, its embarrassing. But I will forever trust them and their recommendations for restaurants.We made reservations for 7pm but we called them and let them know we were going to be 10 mins late but we ended up being 30 mins late. Of course we knew we weren't going to be seated as soon as we got there since it was dinner time on a Saturday night. The hostess was super nice when we got there late and told us that she could seat us within 30 mins. I think we actually got seated within 15 mins.We had an amazing waiter that made great recommendations and he even provided complimentary glasses of champagne AND a dessert dish. Nicest waiter ever! Everything we ordered was amazing!After an indecisive walk through the LES, we stumbled upon this little spot.  The waitress was psychic....ok maybe not psychic, but she knew exactly what drinks we were going to order, and she pretty much knew what tapas we were going to get as well.Selected Drinks:Strawberry FieldsGrey Goose Citron, muddled fresh strawberries,lemon syrup, fresh lemon & a Riesling floaterYUMMY!!! I can't recall what my brunch partner hadSelected Tapas:'Chicken n' Waffles'brick pressed chicken, aged cheddar waffle,corn pudding, balsamic spiked maple syrup - This was AWESOME!!French Onion Soup Dumplings - The soup burst out of the dumpling in your mouth....watch your tongue, I was feeling it for days, but it was tastyRed Snapper Tacos - creamy avocado, spicy mango - little bite sized tacosGrilled apple & brie Quesadillamustard- maple syrup, smoked 'bacon bits'  - Sweet and savory, perfect biteI am planning to make a reservation here soon.We got there early, thought this would be good for this trendy place...but not so much. Had made two requests when making reservation. One was ignored, never acknowledged. The other was taken care of. The food came out in clumps, poorly timed, left us feeling quite rushed, esp as staff repeatedly tried to take not quite finished plates away. Will not be returning.The best part of the whole meal? Getting dining points from Open Table ;-)Very cute and trendy spot. The food was delicious. We ordered 4 different tapas style courses amongst 2ppl...spinach salad (so good, a def must try), the French onion dumplings (interesting taste), tuna tartar (delish) and the salmon (amazing!). Also tried the Red Velvet Twinkie...it was ok and a bit too dry, nothing mind blowing. Their Gimlet drink (its green!) was quite good and refreshing. Can be pricey since you need to order few meals to get full. It gets super crowded and loud after 7pm...becomes tight to maneuver ard and squeeze out of ur table, especially if u got a big ass. Our waiter was so damn freaken hot! OMG! Gorgeous!Decor is gorgeous, presentation is beautiful, service is alright... food is DELICIOUS! But... the place is VERY dark. You'll make good use of the candles on your table. And it gets pretty loud. The tables are pretty close to each other as well. You won't be too far from the other parties at the restaurant.My friend and I started off at the bar upstairs. Lots of specialty cocktails that are pretty good. I forgot what we had but they weren't bad.Started with these cute little Caesar Salad bites that were complimentary.Red Snapper Tacos with avocados and spicy mango sauce! Mmm.Crab Cake Corn Dogs - so good.French Onion Soup Dumplings - EVERYONE MUST TRY THESE. Frites - good.Mushrooms - good.Oysters - Fresh (they had Blue Point oysters that night - my favorite!) and they came with every condiment possible.Guinness Toffee Cake with Bailey's Ice Cream for dessert. It was pretty good.All in all - this is a restaurant everyone should try. The food is unique and delicious! The prices aren't too bad either.The trademark French Onion soup dumplings are very good with a hot, savory broth, but I am a big fan of the smoked duck and baby kale salad.  While the duck is not as amazing as a tea-smoked duck, it was juicy with a crispy, flavorful, smokey skin; the goat cheese croutons are amazing, though.  I could eat those for days, which is why I'm kinda glad the prices are so high here.  The kobe sliders were good, but not the best sliders that I have ever had.  The Australian lamb chops were nice and juicy with a deliciously creamy eggplant puree that tasted like a smokey version of baba ganoush.  Service was lovely and the dark, dimly-lit ambiance is very hip and trendy.  It's great for a group and the atmosphere is definitely part of the charm.  Yes, the pricepoint is a bit high but that kinda comes with the territory.Great food and service.  Fun night.  Had short rib taco, asparagus, french onion and more.  Great experience.Nice loungey atmosphere, came here on a monday and the crowd seemed like it was a late week thursday/friday crowd. The vodka drinks were mixed well,, sampled some quesedillas/goat cheese perogis which all tasted very good. There is a bar in the front area, a small loungey area on either side of the bar. Its a dark decor and people tend to come in dressed up (not as chill feeling as pianos across the street). My own annoyance might be it was a touch louder then i woulda liked, but overall had a great time drinking and eating here.WHAT AN AMAZING DISCOVERY!! FABULOUS!! Visited on a Sunday for Brunch with friends. Ambiance is great and the Staff compliments the place in a very charming way. Now, let's talk food.....great, deliciously fun!!! The Champagne Cocktails, the Mac & Cheese, French Onion Dumplings, tacos, and the Doughnuts!!!!A MUST on every NYC trip!!!!Omg the food is amazing.I had the kobe beef sliders which are to die for. I cant stop thinking about them. I also had the french onion soup dumplings. I thought they were amazing, but my boyfriend thought they were pretty good, not the best thing ever.The place is large and extremely loud!The place is nice, we sat next to Kirstin Dunst and the girl that got killed off on sopranos was upstairs. The food was really good and so were the drinks. The atmosphere is also really nice. Id go back. A little pricey but worth the memories!//edit// i went there this past weekend and I have to take away one star...they really are not that great...especially for the price...Wont be going back!1/14 went there on sat night to the bar and walked right out, smelled like throw upOne star for the vanilla cucumber martini. One star for crabcake corn doggs. Minus one star for giving my company food poisoning due to uncooked lamb. Sat upstairs at the bar around 8 on a tuesday (my M.O), ate some little nibbles of food drank three martinis, left with a 140 dollar bill. Way to packed to be enjoyable, felt like I was in the middle of some wierdo disco dance club with a bunch of people who just jumped off the real housewives of new york ship.I don't know what the fuss is about. My gf and I went here because we heard it was great for lunch/brunch. Well... service was okay, but seriously this place is OVERRATED. The food really just mediocre, not to mention expensive. It wasn't memorable because it didn't taste great. I usually eat everything so to not like something is a big deal. :-( I remember the first appetizer was good and everything went downhill after that....I don't know if I'll give this place another shot, unless a friend invites me there.One of the first places I ate at after moving to New York from Cali, so Stanton Social has a very special place in my heart. I recently came back to bring my gfs visiting from Cali. That's how much I love it here. The food is very rich and a tad on the salty side--not for girls who like to munch on rabbit food and push food around their plates.  The foi gras PBJ is a must try--unique in flavor and delicious. The french onion soup dumplings were a hit at our table, though a little too artery-clogging for my likes. The kobe beef slider is another must try--and I'm not even a big meat eater. The oysters and the spicy tuna are delicious if you are a raw/ sea food lover. The chicken & waffles were recommended to us, but they sucked. Not worthwhile (this place isn't grimy enough to serve REAL chicken & waffles. Gotta go to LA for that). The drinks and atmosphere bring this place up another notch. The Social Tea is deceivingly delicious, and I was drunk by my 2nd one (disclaimer: lightweight). The people here are pretty but not snooty, and the aura is fun without trying too hard. I personally enjoyed coming here with a smaller group so everyone can try everything without having to order two of everything [small dishes, not so small prices].If you're the type who likes a big honkin piece of flank steak and a baked potato side the size of your foot, you may find Stanton Social unsatisfying. This is a good place for small group get togethers, and for people who like tapas/izakaya styled small plates in American fare.One of my favs...Tough to get a table for a big group but great for 3-4 people.  You have to have the blood orange-jalapeno margaritas, just spicy and strong enough.As for the food...You have to get the French Onion soup dumplings.  Don't eat right away or they'll burn your mouth.  I can eat these all day long.  Red Snapper tacos were incredible and full of flavor.  Also had the blue crab corn dog...  Frackin' amazing!!!And to top it off, try their Chicken and waffles.  Not quite like Roscoe's in LA but this twist is a nouvea version and just as memorable.  This is a fun place I hope it never changes.YUM YUM YUM.One of the most decadent brunches we've ever had. The place was very lively and the service was excellent.We started out with some cocktails - a basil-lime gimlet and a pink grapefruit-mint martini - very refreshing.We were told by our server that people usually order two plates each and share everything - we usually do that anyway :)We decided to go with: - Bittersweet chocolate spiked pancakes with blood orange maple - insane... especially if you're a dark chocolate fan.- Croque Monsieur 'Satays': mini brioche, country ham, gruyere & muenste). They were little bundles of heaven.- 'Kobe Philly' sliders with a truffle & goat cheese fondue (hands-down the best dish we ordered)- 'Chicken n' Waffles': brick pressed chicken, aged cheddar waffle,corn pudding & balsamic spiked maple syrup. (This was actually our least favorite. I don't know if it was because we were stuffed or because we just weren't in the chicken mood...)All in all the food was delicious and we are definitely going back next time we visit NYC.The french soup dumplings are worth going back for again and again!Also great dishes...beef wellington and the chicken 'n' waffles.The space was very posh and we sat upstairs which was a little loud to try and have a conversation.Loved getting the round corner booth overlooking the entire dining room so we could cuddle in peace...Duck empanadas were tasty but not my highlight of the night...French onion soup dumplings are delicious and savory but there were too many for two people... and definitely... like the soup... can definitely burn your mouth...Kobe philly was lovely...Beef wellington with foie gras mousse... mmmmm.... yess... definitely...Lobster pizzeta was not the favorite... the onion was a bit overpowering for everything else on the pizza... Chocolate tasting was a little plate of heaven... I'm not even a chocolate person... but yummm...I'd give most of the dishes here 3 stars (solid, but not incredible), with several notable exceptions. These notable exceptions include: french onion soup dumplings (easily best item on the menu), beef wellington and sliders. Other tapas plates and entrees were tasty and creative, but didn't knock your socks off. I've heard similar reviews about the food served at brunch.However, the scene here is incredible trendy. By the time we left around 11pm on a Wednesday, the place was completely packed with what seemed to be every single beautiful person in the world in attendance. If I were a single man, there is no doubt I would frequent this place as often as possible. There is an awesome table on the 1.5th floor towards the back of the restaurant, that seems like the best seat in the house. I'd try to reserve it at all costs (though you likely have to have a party of 8-12).A company outing to Accomplice was followed by a dinner for 6 at The SS.  We slogged upstairs to have a pre-dinner cocktail, and the bartender happily poured 6 different creations.Downstairs to our table, unfortunately next to a screaming 5 year-old, who apparently didn't want lobster in his mac-n-cheeze.  Lucklly they only had a course or two to go, and after I sent the little brat a Roy Rogers, he shut up a bit.  (I did ask for extra bennadryl in it).We ordered 10 dishes in total, which was a bit much.  Standouts were the pierogie, the short-rib tacos, and the scallops.  Cocktails, though expensive, were remarkable.  Many imaginative libations on the menu, which our 6-top sampled all of.  Table favorites were the blood orange marg. (spicy), and the pineapple one.We took it easy on the deserts, focusing on coffee and espresso for the long ride home, but the hot-chocolate shots, twinkie and Baily's were tried and enjoyed.All in all, we got out of there for about $120 pp, and each had several drinks, 10 different plates of food, and desert.  Not bad, considering.Great for a group, get some friends and check this place out.Especially with the two-hour/table time limit.  But that's just the price you pay for a fancy dinner night out in the LES at a trendy spot.  I agree with Peter D. that its definitely a scene.Food is good.  Dessert is better.  Get the donuts.Great brunch place or for drinks.  Came here after the snow storm weekend and it was decently full.  Everything was amazing. Other than the fried mac and cheese, I loved the cinnamon sugar donuts with caramel dip.  Waffles were crisp on the outside and soft on the inside, great little portions. Eggs benedicts were cooked perfectly.  I LOVE the jalapeno grilled cheese sandwiches ! it's got a great kick to it. Really like the small plate concept since a lot of brunch places just pile on the french toast, waffles or pancakes more than one person could finish.  This way people get to try different things and it's perfect for brunch. Only downside it's kind of out of the way and not much around there.Interesting.....Unique....Intimate.....Darkly lit (watch yourself in the restroom)...Great for smaller group/couple..Did the mistake of going here for BRUNCH with a group of 8 people. You know how SS is, where they don't bring everyone's dishes at once, so that part is a bit awkward. When you think of small plates, you think of sharing, and for that, you think it's good for groups - but NO, don't do it.Service was good, but not a lot of room in there. I spent 100.00 for two, and ended up eating a burger after because I was hungry.The most memorable for me was their Mac and Cheese dish. Hopefully I'll be back, minus the group!I stumbled upon this place when my dinner reservations fell through. My friend and I called about 20 minutes prior to arriving. We walked in and were greeted a few minutes later - the host seemed a little preoccupied/frazzled. She probably wouldnt have sat us, but once my friend mentioned that we had called earlier, she quickly led us upstairs. (so make reservations!!!!) it was really packed downstairs, so we were soooo relieved when we got upstairs and it wasnt packed at all. It had more of a loungey, sexy feel with pretty upbeat dance music and good looking people... which is always a plus. (BTW, it was a Monday or Tuesday night)Awesome drink list..... i dont even remember what I ordered, but it was good... muddled strawberries and such. Typical NYC drink prices.. $12-$16 a drink  We were so excited once we picked up the dinner menu. There are so many different tapas to choose from. A great place to take just about anyone, since they have a little bit of everything.My favs included:- meatballs- French onion soup dumplings - interesting, yet surprisingly tasty. (i dont even like french onion soup, so it must be good!)- mac & cheeseI would go back. It was fun to choose from all the tapas and the music wasnt super loud, so you could actually have a conversation.Came here for brunch and really enjoyed my meal.I love sharing and tasting various dishes so brunch tapas is the best idea.  We had the donuts, kobe philly cheesesteak, grilled cheese slider, onion soup dumplings, potato and goat cheese perogies, and croque monsieurs.  Everything was pretty tasty but my favorite were the perogies and onion dumplings.  Cocktails were also delicious.Maybe I'm getting old. Squeezed into a 2 top along a line of other 2 tops underneath a blaring speaker that got louder as night wore on (we arrived 7.15 Wed night). Very friendly staff and waitress. Helps if you have had a gastric bypass as the portions for the $ really add up. Tuna Tartare was nice but not stellar, Mushroom Ravioli for $15 had me still hungry. Ketchup drowned the tiny Kobe burger. Lamb Souvlaki were very nice in a raita. Cocktails were good and wines by glass decent. BUT $150 without dessert (went to Dessert Truck on Clinton for Value For Money and quality) was too expensive. The second (and I mean that second) our plates looked vaguely done they were whipped away. So much so that I had to physically cling onto my plate to still use the dipping sauces and swat away bus boys. This lead to the feeling that they wanted to turn tables fast.Combine the noise with the squeeze and the price and I'm off elsewhere in this hood....is Falai still open???Kobe beef burger -$8The best burger I've ever had, very rich, full flavor, it is a 3 bite size so not feeling guilty at all Yes it is pricey since each bite is about $3 but worth every penny,French onion soup dumpling -  $12It is a very creative dish, tasty but not mind- blowing Red snapper TacosIt has a nice kick but it is very average tacosCaramelized banana pancakesFantastic, very tender, fluffy, butterlyI really love the fact that they offer these small dish so I can try 4 different kinds of dishThe service is absolutely one of the best in NYC. Super fast, friendly, very attentive to customers. It was a very pleasant dining experience.On a Monday night we ventured here for tapas. Some private Ketel One party was about to close the place down, but the bartender let us eat and drink for an hour. We were basically the only people there so service was attentive. The bartender was training a newbie so he let us sample just a taste of her cocktails. We had one with gin and cucumber and lime. It was good but weak. I barely tasted the gin and didn't really get a buzz off it. Kind of steep at $13, but hey, it was refreshing. We shared 4 plates - the French Onion Soup Dumplings, the Bruschetta, the Salad with Bacon and Poached Egg and the Perogies. The salad was probably my favorite, and the bruschetta. All were tasty but not exactly tapas in the Spanish sense. More just small plates that are expensive, but they were very good. I imagine this place is quite fun when the bar is jumping. It's classy and stylish but not too pretentious.It's hard to rank this place. The food is solidly in the middle. It's not great, nor a revelation. It's not terrible, it's not inedible. It's just fine. The problem is the price. If it was less expensive, it'd be easier to like, but for the price, I can't justify it. It should be better and it's not. For the price, there should be more depth of flavor, a more layered approach to flavors. Instead, the food's mostly one note w/ some other flavors thrown in that don't offend, but don't stand out enough for you to figure them out. Like I said, for the price, it should be more sophisticated and it's not.Hits: carpaccioMisses: French onion soup dumplingsFine: red snapper tacos, beef wellington, mac n cheese, meatballs, green beans.SS is like a lounge....with food. It's posh, clubby music, dim lighting-- great place for Saturday night dining with the girls (9pm reservation is good). It's a great date place too! General staff, as well as patrons, were all so sweet. The food was delicious---order btwn 4-5 dishes for a party of two. I would definitely return, especially for a drink at the bar (if you can get a seat....it's close quarters).What would make this place even better? Oh I know, a wall divider so I don't have to eat next to all the people waiting for the bathroom :(Food was fantastic and would definitely go back! Things we had that we loved:- Pierogies- pork sliders- french onion soup dumplings- snapper tacos - grilled aged cheese cheddarThings we also ate that were ok- wellington beef- mint ice-cream sandwichAmbiance and service were also pretty good.You have been crowned my favorite restaurant thus far.I love the fact that the portions are appetizer size and you kind of HAVE to try everything on the menu.  That is how a restaurant should be.  I always get tired of wanting everything on the menu, but then not even finishing a quarter of my plate.I'm not even sure where to begin since everything that went into my mouth here was divine and godsent.  I do love how they have a separate bar upstairs for while you're waiting for a table.  Bueno.I'm still cranky about my experience here last week. Spent twenty minutes getting trampled on by people coming downstairs from the bar into the tiny lobby (who designed this space?!) while a snooty host refused to seat us because we were missing one person from our reservation for seven. "House rules." When our late-comer arrived, we were crammed into a circle booth too small for our party. I *hate* the circle booth.The only real way to experience the food at Stanton is to go with a group and have everyone pick out a few small plates, which are hit or miss, mostly fried, and rather boring in their presentation. And those small plates add up very quickly, so be prepared for some division gymnastics when the check comes around.I don't want to come off as completely bitter. The goat cheese pierogies and the red velvet twinkie are very good.My friend and I came here on a weekday for dinner and thoroughly enjoyed it! Definitely come here then because it isn't crowded, you can actually hear the people you're with, and the service is pretty good. Between two people, we ordered 6 plates, and we were STUFFED. We had the red snapper tacos, arepas, pierogis, french onion dumplings, social mac, and the doughnuts for dessert. My favorites were definitely the red snapper tacos and the arepas (surprisingly good). Pierogis and social mac (a rather large portion) were solid as well. My least favorite were the soup dumplings. they were doughy and the cheese started to get cold because the waiter neglected to tell us these are best eaten immediately :( The doughnuts, however, were AMAZING! So airy and wen so well with the caramel and raspberry sauces. Drinks were pretty good - probably sounded better on paper than they tasted though. I got the Vanilla Cosmo and my friend got strawberry fields. The ambiance was quite hip, although i didn't like how dark it was. I could barely see the person I was with and the food. All in all, I don't have much to complain about here. For two girls splitting 6 dishes and two drinks, we spent about $50 each. Would I come back? Probably not for dinner since it can get costly for what you get, but would definitely for a round of drinks and snacks."FIFTY SHADES OF YUM"Everyone has been talking about E L James' Fifty Shades of Grey book so I picked it up to see what all the buzz was about.  So, either people are total prudes or I am a freak!  Either way, Mister Christian Grey made me think about my experience at The Stanton Social.  Get ready to get all hot and bothered and don't freak out when your mouth waters and causes you to possibly drool!I have tried the entire menu and I can not find anything to complain about!  Simply fantastic food and they define the food porn!Aphrodisiacs - These will get your taste buds in the mood:French Onion Soup DumplingsPotato & Goat Cheese PierogiesWarm Piquillo Pepper 'Bruschetta'Like it Raw - If you like it raw then these are perfect for you:Littlenecks on the half shellFetishes - I am not going to lie, I have a slight obsession in the following:Grilled Apple & Brie QuesadillasHudson Valley Foie GrasMaryland Jumbo Lump Crabcake 'Corn DogsSpicy Lamb SouvlakisSubmissive - I am willing to become a "sub" and give up all control for these dishes:'Chicken n' Waffles' Creekstone Farms Braised Short Rib TacosShrimp & Grits (currently not on the menu but they should be)Social Mac & CheeseSMI always leave The Stanton Social in some pain--the good kind of course!  There isn't a bad thing on the menu.  From the drinks to the sweets you will be extremely satisfied.The Stanton Social definitely has Fifty Shades of Yum!Wait time was extremely long, different wait staff serving us every spilt sec. Food was good including the famous dumplings and sea bass tacos but not worth the trip downtownI'm a sucker for a restaurant's atmosphere and I loved The Stanton Social's right when I walked in. I knew I would like this place. Came here for brunch one Sunday with some friends and it was one of the best brunches I've had. All of their dishes are great  for sharing, so we did that. We got the baby buttermilk waffles, breakfast bruschetta, huevos racheros soft tacos, French onion soup dumpings, and one more thing (I think), but I can't remember for some reaosn. It was all delicious... I think my favorite dish was the waffles though. They also have great brunch cocktails. Overall, great place for brunch... I'd definitely recommend it.Stanton Social was an intimate, creative, and cool place to have small plates and yummy cocktails.Super fun, great service, and fabulous spot for a late night date.Mostly good eats at reasonable prices.They should skip chicken and waffles.But .......Friday night and they're out of 2 bottles of red from 4 chosen.  It's Fri night, summer in Manhattan!!  WTF?Then at 9:30 they want to toss us even though another person has sat.  5 bills and Stanton won't allow him one plate?But at least Stanton is Loud (95-98db) and inconsiderate.  If you're under 30 and have never been out of NYC, this is the place for you.There are 100s of great NYC restaurants.  Stanton won't miss me and I won't miss Stanton.Heaven!  Where do I begin...  Ok I am a huge fan of small plate. After being invited here to a group dinner by a promoter my hubby knows I was soooo "in heaven", lol. We tried almost everything that night and have been back a few times and never disappointed!  The Mac and cheese is very delicious. Perfect amount of cheese, perfect flavor and consistency. And the crumbles/ crust on top is the "icing" on the cake. The chicken and waffles, bellissimo!  tender, yet crispy flavorful and juicy pieces of fried white meat with a moist yet crispy waffle to compliment. No syrup or sauce necessary!   The sweet potato filled butternut squash ravioli was also very good!  Topped with a hint of brown sugar and nuts, I devoured it. Lol. The salad is even awesome!  it's a yummy red and green leaf combo with sweet tart cranberries and a hint of goat cheese and balsamic dressing to balance everything out. And to save the best for last...the fresh sugar donut holes that came with chocolate, raspberry and caramel sauces at the end of the dinner had officially won my heart over that night!   Please go and indulge!I LOVE stanton social. I live on the West side, so it's a pain for me to get down there. But I willingly, happily and excitedly make the trek to Stanton ever so often for a good time!! It's not quite as 'foodie' of a place as it is 'sceny' - but I love it none the less. A few thoughts on what to order:-French Onion Soup Dumplings. Buttery, warm soup dumplings filled with french onion soup and dusted in melted cheese. VERY tasty!! They were served in an escargot-like dish, which was quite a clever presentation.-Red Snapper Tacos. Light and flavorful fish with some good salsa going. -Beef Wellington. I usually don't get excited about anything in puff pastry, but this was very good.-Chicken Arepas. I'm a sucker for anything arepas, and these did not disappoint.-Mac and Cheese. Upscale comfort food. At a trendy bar. On the LES. I'm sold. -Kobe and Pulled Pork Sliders. YUM!Know before you go1) Stanton Social is good for dates - very scenery and sexy and lots of sharing involved - but it's LOUD. 2) They do a good job with corporate dinners too. Took a bunch of clients here for dinner and drinks and had a blast. Sat upstairs with about 10-12 people, ordered a bunch of stuff, and we were very well attended-to.  3) They really won't seat you until your whole party is there. Really. Standard trendy restaurant etiquette, I suppose, but definitely keep in mind when you have a group coming or any ladies in your party wearing real heels!Excellent tapas.  We had a party of 6, so we ordered a lot of dishes to try.  Here are some recommendations, in my order of preference:1. Onion Soup Dumplings2.  Wok Charred Edamame with spicy miso and ginger3. Caramel glazed pork tenderloin4. Kobe beef Burgers5.  Old school meatballs6. Chipotle Grilled shrimp7.  Red snapper tacos8.  Rib soft tacos (you assemble it yourself)9.  Pizzetta10.  Goat cheese RavioliDessert:1. Warm donutnuts with caramel, chocolate and raspberry dipping sauce2.  Chocolate fondue 3.  Midnight snackerThis is definitely a "hip and happening" place.  If you go for drinks only, they have seating area upstairs.  Variety of drinks.  Loud music.  Not a place for talking.  Dark atmosphere.  Didn't pay for the bill, so this is an expensive place.  Each plate was at least $10 with only a few pieces.P.S. There is no iced tea  here!Great tapas, but save it for a "nice dinner"...Because it's pretty pricey. Went there for dinner with the BF and BFF after having not seen the latter in a long time. The tapas were awesome and their donuts (for dessert) were fried to perfection -- warm, sugary, and crispy on the outside / doughy on the inside.The restaurant itself was great for an evening dinner -- dim lights, good music in the background (but not so loud you can't hold a conversation), and the service was good.For the 3 of us, it was about a $200 meal...again, not cheap -- so save these tapas for a night when you're willing to splurge :)To quote Homer Simpson - "Donuts. Is there anything they can't do?"If you get one thing here get the Warm Doughnut dessert.  It is heavenly.  Everything else is not as memorable, but I will recommend it because I did like the idea of the small plate/sampling menu.But here is my honest bottom-line:French Onion Soup Dumplings - as you sit in your seat you will smell an odd smell, you will wonder if your neighbor slipped some gas or, like me, you will assume you are sitting above a raw sewerage pipe.  Then they bring your order of the dumplings out and you immediately know what that smell was...yet you eat it because everyone on yelp loved them.  And then you say, screw the masses, this shiznat stinks and sucks...and move on to the...Sweet & Sour Chicken and Cashew Spring Rolls - very uneventful but did help remove the smelly armpit taste from the soup dumplingsOld School Meatballs - decentFive Fragrance Baby Back Ribs - delicious...needed moreChicken and Waffles - by far my favorite, I was smitten by this dish.  Others at my table found it to just be okay.All in all, it was a nice place, service was okay, prices were steep, but I left a bit unfulfilled.  I was hoping it to be better.  This is a toss up, I will not go again, but I did not hate my experience.My boyfriend and I were visiting from DC and a friend suggested we try this place. We sat upstairs and the atmosphere was great. Our waitress was super helful and friendly. He started with a gin mojito which was delicious...I had a cabernet which was good, too. We tried a few of the tapas but our definite favorites were the grilled cheese sliders and the fries with the super-amazing aioli sauce. Highly reccommend dipping the GC sliders into the aioli sauce that comes with the fries...amazing combo. We also had the donut dessert with 3 dipping sauces...a MUST!  Great first experience.Here's the catch and the reason I couldn't give it 5 stars...We returned the following night around midnight to grab a quick snack (our favorite sliders) before heading back out. They advertise that they stay open until 2am during the week so we thought we had plenty of time. Our waitress defiinitely seemed annoyed that we wanted to order food. Then, our GC sliders came out and the cheese wasn't even melted...totally rushed. To make matters worse, she sat and stared at us while we ate. It was incredibly uncomfortable. I would definitely reccommend going here for dinner but don't try to swing by late-night!The food is definitely great, but the overall experience leaves you frustrated and unsatisfied and the value is pretty terrible.There were four of us, and we were told to order 8 items (b/c each is "very petite") to share. Each item is $15 or so, so 8 items would have been $30 + tax + tip + drinks for each of us, which was definitely more than we were intending and probably more than we needed. So we ordered five items. The mini courses come two or three at a time. Each has a very, very small sample of good dishes. So, for example, we got the "Sweet Potato and Squash Ravioli". The waiter (not too friendly) said that only three pieces come with the order, so we could add a fourth, and we obliged. Each piece was $4.25, so the four pieces all together were $16.75. The raviolis were quite small--just your average size. So, we each ate one small ravioli for $4.25, it was delicious, and that was that. Additionally, the four of us didn't have the most in-sync tastes, so it was hard to decide what to get.In short, the food is good, but the price and serving sizes are ridiculous. And make sure you go with people you have the same tastes as. It would probably be a better experience as a bar--a few drinks and a few small tapas style things to munch on.Perfect for the young parents or anybody who's looking for a hip scene who want to get out and socialize over good food in a cool ambience.  My friends, (3 other couples who are parents with young children) have a blast at this place.  or is it because we left the children with care takers that we're having so much fun??The food was delicious on most items, including the pickle!  yeah...that's right even the pickle when I'm not a huge pickle fan.   Our favorites were the French Onion soup dumplings that are tucked in like those escargot dishes,  red snapper tacos, and 5 fragrance baby back ribs.  And for dessert, the warm doughnuts with 3 dipping sauces, you just can't miss, sooooo leave room in your belly for these!I love this place!  I live across the and go here very often - I've never had a bad dish or cocktail.  If you like spicey margaritas, they've got a really good blood orange margarita with jalapeno infused tequila.  Their other drinks are also delicious.  As for the food, the French Onion Soup Dumplings are quite unique and rather tasty - definitely have a try!  Equally creative and delicious, the Stone-Ground Blue Corn Crabcake 'Corn Dogs' deserve a tasting as well.  But if you're going to order one thing, the Kobe Beef Sliders are your surest bet, especially if you're there mainly to socialize than to eat (ie you're seated upstairs in, what believe, is the perfect embodiment of what a lounge should look like) - they are little succulent 'beef clouds' of heavan!  This place is my favorite spot hands-down for grabbing drinks and possibly food - I know I'll always leave happy, having had a great time.I came here for brunch after seeing the chef on the Food Network. Lame, I know. But I rarely venture to the LES, so I need motivation.I loved the idea of small plates brunch--that means I get to pick more!! We went for as much as possible--and the sweet stuff was great. Carmelized banana pancakes were creamy on the inside, lightly crunchy on the outside. The freshly made donuts were the same, covered in sugar. The savory dishes were a bit hit or miss. The baby benedicts were tasty, but nothing more than a small version of what you could get at any other place. The much-lauded french onion soup dumplings were waaaay too salty to be enjoyable, with a weird heavy meat flavor.  Maybe we didn't order correctly, but the final verdict was just sadly just "ok."Very posh space, fun small plates to share with a group. Tried the foie gras, bruschetta (sweet pepper stuffed with goat cheese), rabbit sausage oricchette, lobster pizetta, glazed bbq ribs, braised short ribs, octopus, beef carpaccio, hamachi, risotto cakes, and red snapper tacos. Upstairs cocktail lounge is very cozy cool.  The stairs at the back of the restaurant though are a massively dangerous lawsuit waiting to happen. Saw at least two people slip on the stairs as they walked down.I looooooooove this place - especially, as a few people have pointed out, their French Onion Soup Dumplings.This is a great place for a girls night out, a date, or a random dinner with people!Having gone for a party and not knowing anything about the place beyond something about the soup dumpling before walking in, I was happy to learn the chef was one of the judges from chopped as its a favorite show... unfortunately he forgot to chop himself (his menu) after creating subpar dish after subpar dish; though he's laughing all the way to the bank as the place was packed and has way to many positive reviews.The hefty priced drinks helped to cover the poor taste and small portions being dished out from the kitchen.  Then there was the slow wait staff, busboys who can't remove nor place plates properly and the next "tapas" of poorly conceived and executed food to look forward to...Because Social needs another 5 star review, but here you go... S.S., because you deserve it!Dimply lighted place, two floors, spacious. The music is loud enough to not hear next table conversations, but you could laugh out loud and not bother people around you. The service is the way it *should* be, not on top of you, and you do not feel abandoned either. Food/drink menu would accommodate everyone. Yes, everyone.So, the food. From the best to OK.Corn dog crab cakes, I would get them any time,Goat cheese perogi, I would get them any time. Some sort of fish tacos, good, but nothing specialFrench onion soup dumplings. I applaud them for great presentation.Chicken waffle thing, that one is a skip.Like many said, but I shall reiterate, for an awesome group of people, it might be an awesome place to gather at. The age range is rather unusual for LES, 25....55.I have mixed feelings about Stanton Social. While the service, ambiance, decor, and drinks were great, the food in my opinion left much to be desired. While by no means bad food, or even below average, I was expecting a lot more considering the celebrity chef reputation and price for a tapas menu.My husband and I went for bunch today . We loved it! I had a rosemary infused vodka bloody Mary......it was a killer! So delish. We ordered  5 plates and we were Full! Onion soup dumplings - to die forLobster Benedict  - very luxurious. Mac n cheese - velvety   - need a bit more chorizoGrilled cheese - blow your mind , with cilantroLobster roll - fresh , tasty , could have been a smidge largerCoffee was so good and plentiful.I wanted something sweet but we were full. They do need another bathroom.Great ambiance, spacious, loud (but not to the point that you can't hold a conversation), and good service. Now to the food! I heard friends complain about this place because they expect to eat supersized (or should I say American portion) meals. This place serves tapas portion, so you should go in a group and order different things from the menu and they serve them continuously at the perfect pace. Items that pleased our taste buds:Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies (yes!),  French Onion Soup Dumplings (yes!),  Crabcake 'Corn Dogs (a-okay), Red Snapper Tacos - creamy avocado & spicy mango (a-okay), 'Chicken n' Waffles' (aye).The Strawberry Fields from the cocktails was two thumbs up!Went late on a weekday night, but this restaurant did not disappoint! Trendy, elegant, social atmosphere. The food was amazing, and the service was great. They had great drinks and were super accomodating and attentive. We were a larger group and we ordered a bunch of things and shared, and they even offered to alter the food portions to help in sharing (a plus!) Some of the fav's: Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies (5 stars), French Onion Soup Dumplings (4 stars), Crispy Eggplant Parmagiano (4 stars), Hudson Valley Foie Gras (5 stars). The only things to not is that portions sizes are more on the appetizer size, so I wouldnt go here starving. Its good as a social place to dibble and dabble in amazing food and start the night.Sexy Stanton Social is what I should call it.  This bustling restaurant in the the trendy Lower East Side was an ideal place for a brunch catch up with my friends.  It's a really good group spot as the circular tables can easily accommodate groups of 6 to 8 people.  We are encouraged to order our food 'family style' to share however half our group were hungry and just wanted their dishes to themselves and the other half with myself included ordered enough for the half that wanted their own meal as well as our half to share tapas style.It was a good thing we I ordered the entire menu almost as each plate was small with anywhere from 2 to 8 bites each and so some may argue that the value for what you're getting is not balanced.  However the vibe was fun, everybody was in good spirits and most importantly the food was great!Great place for a trendy Sunday brunch with creative foods to share amongst friends.  We made reservations the night before with no problem.  With beautiful, warm decor, surrounding candles, high ceilings, and dim lighting - the place would be a super classy place for a date.  Nonetheless, it's real draw is its proclivity towards group sharing.  As one friend said, "this is like...a western version of dim sum!"  We had a group of 5, and for foods that only came in 4 (i.e. - 4 pierogies), the waitress would offer to add enough to make sure we each would get a piece (at no cost).  Major props for the friendly and accommodating service.For food, I would highly recommend the:- French onion soup dumplings- Potato and goat cheese pierogies with truffle creme fraiche- Carmelized banana pancakesThe only reason I removed 1 star was because I wasn't completely impressed with everything that came out (if Yelp would allow, I'd just remove 1/2 a star).  We also got the red snapper tacos and spicy lobster benedict - both of which were not bad, but not really mind-blowing either.  Red snapper tacos were a little too saucy for my taste (could barely taste the fish and it fell apart quite easily), and the benedict was pretty normal.I can see how a meal here can quickly become expensive, however this doesn't have to be the case if you order less plates and no drinks.  For all 5 dishes amongst 5 friends we only spent about $12 each.  Though I hear they recommend getting 2-3 dishes per person, 5 dishes was sufficient for us and left room for dessert in the LES/Chinatown!This is my new favorite find. Love this place. Went here with my boyfriend last Friday(reservation required), after I read all this reviews.What can I say love it love it love it. Food is amazing a specially pirogis.Loved every dish we ordered. Good service, reasonable prices.They also hace night club/bar upstaires, but it was packed so we didn't get a chance to have a drink there.Definitely place to go!!Took the hubby for his birthday dinner on July 4th.4 stars overall, because of the great ambiance.  The noise level wasn't bad, but it was pretty early and a holiday.3-3.5 stars for the food alone:- Tried a Stanton Tea, and the cocktail was pretty weak and not that exciting.- Amuse bouche of caesar salad on crostini was fine.- Loved the idea of the french onion soup dumplings, but the execution was meh.  I craved broth in the dumplings, xiao long bao style.- Tuna tartare was pretty yummy.- Pierogis were good, but the star was that truffle sauce.  It was so yummy, I reserved it to eat with other stuff.- Beef wellington was okay.  Clearly they love wrapping foods in dough or pastry.- Best part of the meal by far were the freshly made doughnuts with 3 dipping sauces for dessert.  I'd go back just for those!My first foray into Stanton Social was in March and I have to admit what drew me in was watching Chris Santos on "Chopped" - loved his attitude and I liked the concept of a small plates restaurant. I am so glad I headed in for my first visit with some great friends during our spring break trip.My latest outing there was just a few evenings ago with 3 friends who had never been to Stanton Social before. I had raved about it so much that I really hoped that it wouldn't disappoint.... of course it didn't!Every single dish we ordered was fantastic and there was not a single morsel left on any plate! (Word of note - i truly likes EVERY single thing we ordered!)Ordered:**Edamame - loved the unique preparation! I'd never had it prepared                          other than with salt and this sauce they used on it was very                         tasty!** Kobe Philly - melt in your mouth deliciousness!** French Onion Soup Dumplings - so unique, so tasty! A must order!**Sweet & Sour Chicken Cashew Rolls** Hand Pulled Chicken Arapes** Grilled Apple and Brie Quesadilla - I was unsure of this one on the                         menu but boy was I glad we ordered it. Divine!** Maryland Jumbo Lump Crabcake "Corn dogs" - fun and very tasty!** Chicken & Waffles - the idea of the 2 together still makes me chuckle                         but my taste buds love it!** Thai spiced baby back ribsThe service was excellent. Our waitress was very attentive and very helpful in making suggestions of options we might want to consider trying. Everything she recommended that we tried was right on the mark! The wine list is extensive and has some great bottles!I love this place for so many reasons: great food, great service, great drinks but the  most poignant one to me is the concept... I love that I get the opportunity to try so many different dishes. It makes dining an event!The only bummer was that when I was there in March they had a great Guinness Toffee cake which is apparently only a winter dessert :( Oh well... guess that just means I'll have to go back!Unquestionably Stanton Social is the one restaurant in NYC that will be a "Must Do" every time I visit New York!This place screams glamour!When you walk into this lower easy side restaurant you're taken into a foo foo world of New York sophistication.  Decor is nice (especially the zig zag wine rack in the back - so cool), music helps create the ambiance (live DJ in back playing a mix of house / jazz mixed together for background music), food is not amazing but above average, drinks are legit, and service is fine.  Only drawback is that because it's tapas you need to order a lot - and prices aren't cheap.  At first it may appear not to be bad bc most things are $9-16 but when the server suggest you get at least 3 things each and drinks are $11+ it can add up.If you want to impress someone and show them that "you're in the know with hot spots" this is the place to go - It's a very "to be seen at" kinda place and it's fun.Perfect for sharing! Went for a post-night out bachelorette party with the girls and it was the perfect setting... a group of tired but hungry girls - not wanting to eat TOOOO much the next day but still being able to get a little bit of this and a little bit of that! Red Snapper Tacos, Chicken 'n Waffles, Social Mac 'n Cheese, and Lox & Bagel Platter  were some of my faves despite ordering a lot off the menu...  There were these donuts dipped in caramel sauce...? AMAZING! :)Presentation and timing in terms of service was also impeccable :)What more can you ask for? I'd definitely come back again!I used to come here all the time but I think the quality of food is slowly going downhill. I do still love the drinks though (strawberry fields is delish).If you do dine, order the pirogies, french onion soup dumplings, lamb souvlakis and kobe beef burgers. Be sure to request a table downstairs because the top floor can be super loud with the bar. Service is hit or miss.okay, so this place is interesting. small plates meant to be shared - fine I can deal with that.  but for our group dinner, each person basically got an amuse bouches (1 bite) per dish, so of course everything tasted heavenly since we didn't have enough time to analyze the food. For a table of 9  we got about 9 different dishes and 3 desserts - of course portioned out but the restaurant that everyone could try everything.  Also got about 3 drinks a person.Let me know why we spent over $100/person and everyone was still hungry!!! definitely won't be coming back for expensive (albeit tasty) food and mediocre service.FRENCH ONION SOUP DUMPLINGS.Perfect date spot, also somewhere that you can enjoy your time with a small group of family and friends in an intimate setting.  The music can be loud and you may feel cramped, but its NYC, get used to it.  The ambiance is a little bit more upscale than the surrounding local businesses, so that makes the Stanton Social a neighborhood standout.  Also a big fan of the sriracha pea crusted salmon.I've been meaning to come to this restaurant for quite a while but never got a chance to. Now that I finally tried out The Stanton Social, it definitely didn't disappoint. We had a reservation for Sunday brunch and the place was beginning to fill up at noon. The restaurant itself resembles a lounge from the nice modern decor and the dim lighting. Yes the place is open past midnight for the LES bar crowd.After reading various reviews on what dishes to tackle on; it seems that the general consensus was to get the French Onion Soup Dumplings. Honestly, it was very good but so were the rest of the dishes we tried so it didn't stand out from the crown as much. We ordered the; Banana Pancakes, Chorizo Mac n Cheese, and the Croque-monsieur. I had two mimosas for a morning pick-me-up. The crowd noise was definitely on the noisy side and the seating is very cramped. It's not that big of a deal since most of the restaurants in the city are like this. I will definitely be back to try the rest of the menu!I went back to this place in late April and the food is still good, service was excellent, but it was CRAWLING with obnoxious bridge and tunnel people who must have discovered it. The couple sitting next to us were loud, her fake breasts were so large, they literally kept bumping into her plate. One over-the-top obnoxious guy at the bar kept telling me and a friend that he was a featured comedian on Comedy Central, like it was supposed to excuse his horrible personality. It's too bad because the food, drinks and service are really good but I wouldn't waste another Saturday there.Delicious, creative food. You'll want to order everything on the menu! A little tough for a vegetarian though, not lots of options.Great ambience: curved booths, dimmed lights, great for a date or a group dinner. One star taken off for pricing; the servings are almost ridiculously small for the price you pay-- don't go there too hungry!!came here for dinner w/ friendsPros:- delicious food (everything was good but the best was definately the Kobe Beef Burger and Kobe Philly)- good drinks (but pricy)- deserts (i heard they were delicious although i did not have any)- nice spot overall (good for date / chilling with friends)Cons:- a bit pricy or else it would have received a 5Classy, yummy, not as expensive as I'd feared.Service was great-- kept my coffee full and table cleaned as we finished each tiny course.Everything we ordered was delicious, but some were more creative than others.Here is what I tried:Kobe Philly slider (probably the cutest sandwich ever. tiny and delicious, but only one per plate)Grilled cheese slider (amazing! with jalapeno bacon and a slice of fried green tomato-- only one per order)dough-nuts (6 per order, with caramel sauce)Soup dumplings (very caramelized flavour, different from french onion soup, delicious)eggs benedict (solid rendition, basic)Everything at the Stanton Social was delicious!  The atmosphere was super chill, modern, and inviting. The dining space was cozy.Drinks first - we got a seasonal muddled peach cocktail that was perfectly blended and garnished with a homemade peach sucker.For dinner - we ordered the potato and goat cheese pierogies with truffle cream fraiche, red snapper tacos, grilled apple and brie quesadillas, duck confit empanadas, grilled asparagus with lemon oil and sea salt, and haricot verts with garlic almonds and asiago.  Everything was delicious and worth ordering again. I have to say my favorite things you must try were the red snapper tacos and quesadillas.For dessert - we enjoyed the coffee mousse bombes with espresso chip ice cream.  The perfect ending!Went here with a group of friends for brunch. Some were out of town and wanted to experience a trendy and unique place, so this is where we went. We arrived around 1pm and the atmosphere was mellow,  everyone found the decor pretty and loved the scent from the fresh flowers upon walking in. While we all liked the drinks, we found the prices for them a bit outrageous. Take for example the Black Magic (Guiness & Champagne) which is served in an oh so slender flute and cost $15. The Strawberry Fields was yummy as well but definitely not worth the $13 for the tiny, stout glass it arrived in. Our waitress suggested the six of us order two dishes each and there would be one portion for everyone at the table. We ordered: Warm Doughnuts with caramel: loved them.Rhode Island Lobster Roll: great, loved it. (this only comes in one portion for $9 btw)Grilled apple & brie Quesadilla: again, great, we loved them.French Onion Soup Dumplings: 3 of us loved them and the other 3 couldn't wait to get that mushy mess out of our mouths. Social Mac & Cheese: greatChicken n' Waffles: so so overallBaby Benedict: greatSpicy Lobster Benedict: lovely and not too spicyBittersweet Chocolate Spiked Pancakes: just okI forget what else there was but overall, it was an enjoyable brunch, just a bit more expensive then we all would've liked but a fun experience. The nice thing is that they allow you to give up to 3 credit cards per table so splitting the bill was easy.I've only ever been here for brunch but it is hands down one of my favorite weekend brunch spots in the city.  Every time I've gone it has been with a group of friends and we indulge on the great selection of small plates Stanton has to offer. It is basically breakfast tapas.Favorite dishes:Warm banana walnut bread w/ cinnamon butterWarm doughnuts w/ caramel dunking sauce (save the extra caramel for your other plates, sort of a fatty move, but so delicious)Chocolate spiked pancakesSocial Mac & CheeseBreakfast bruschettaHuevos RancherosFrench onion soup dumplingsThe service has always been great when I've gone, orders are taken quickly and coffee/water are always refilled.  The waiter can also "upsize" each dish so that there is enough of any dish for everyone at the table (i.e. 5 people, 5 pancakes). I've never had to wait to get a table either.  The décor of the restaurant is also cool and the atmosphere is nice.Prices are very fair. I usually go with other guys who are big eaters and without drinks the meal is only $20-25/person.I really enjoyed my time at The Stanton Social with a few of my friends.The place is modern and chic that pleases its people with great and variety small plates and attractive crowd. You can't ignore the joy of people watching (not a freak) at a place like this. It's also the best if you're being treated out (don't judge me) because this place is definitely pricey.I know that this place has a lot of good feedback and is pretty popular among a younger crowd, however I just don't see what all the fuss is about. The place was slammed with people, which was great for business, but sort of annoying while you are waiting for your table, and in this particular case, and hour and a half. We had a 9:00 reservation and didn't start eating until 10:30.Even though they were late with seating us, which in actuality isn't completely their fault, the place was very busy and working in the industry myself I can sympathize for them. But they didn't even offer us anything for having to wait, which I don't really agree with.The food was great, however it turned out to be a little more expensive then I had hoped, and was tough to share with a group of 5. The overall dining experience was great, I had a good time, but there was something about the atmosphere of this place that didn't sit well with me.Overall if your looking for a trendy place to eat with attractive looking people, then this place is for you, if your looking for more of a mellow night then I'd stay clear of this place.We arrived at the Stanton Social on a Wednesday evening and we had a reservation for 9:30 p.m. for 2 people. Upon arriving the entrance was rather crowded with young guys and gal's who didn't look a day over 18. Not too much space to stand around and wait up front but we did anyways. After about 15 minutes i was getting scared and hoping i wouldn't encounter some of the "rude" hostesses I read about on here. Then one came over and told us the table was almost ready for us and the people had paid so we waited. Another 15 mins come by and it has been 30 mins , the waitress informed us our table was ready and she apologized a few times to us. Then she told us they were going to comp us a few items on the menu for our troubles. I couldn't say no to that.They sent out free potato perogies , caesar salad bites and another item that is escaping my mind but was rather delicious. We ordered the ribs which were very tasty. , the Kobe Sliders were mouth watering and also had the French Onion Soup Dumplings which were fantastic and highly unique. A few more plates and it was time for dessert. The "Makers Mark" milkshake shots left you wanting more and the Red Velvet Twinkie was scrumptious.(the cream cheese was so delicious)It is definitely loud and a sort of trendy spot but all in all we had a great experience here and i will return to try many of the items we did not last time.We had a reservation for four at 9 on a saturday.  It's an attractive space, with attractive people, but it was very crowded and loud, especially upstairs.  We ordered a bunch of small plates, and while some of them were quite good, in general my reaction to the food was lukewarm.  It's a really random menu to try to construct a dinner out of - it's like they've made one or two small plates from each of several cuisines.  What are you going to do, have red snapper tacos, ravioli, miso-glazed salmon, and beef wellington?  I'd rather just figure out what I want for dinner and go to a place that specializes in it.  It goes without saying that the dishes are overpriced.If you want to go somewhere fashionable to see and be seen, you might like this place, but if your interest is in the food you might be disappointed.  If I were to go here again it would only be for drinks and a plate or two, not dinner.French Onion Soup Dumplings. That's all I have to say. I went here on a Friday night and of course it was packed. Don't forget to make your reservations! We arrived on time and were escorted to the 2nd floor where we had to hang out at the bar for 5-10 minutes until we were seated. The bar was great. The only problem is that the bouncers were standing in the hallway right by the stairs where it is very cramped - shouldn't they be outside? It wasn't that cold out and they were just causing traffic indoors. The meal was amazing: 1. French onion soup dumplings - simply the most amazing thing ever. We were a table of 4 and we ordered 2 b/c we didn't want to have to share them 2. Meatballs -they were good and I was surprised they came with the manicotti, but the meatballs were very sweet. 3. Pizzetta - can't go wrong - we had the margherita version 4. Corn on the cob - nice surprise! 5. Mac and cheese - good but I don't need chorizo although it was still delicious Honestly we probably ordered more but I can't remember. The biggest complaint was that every time we ordered cocktails we literally waited for a good 15 minutes until they came. On 2 separate occasions we asked our waitress if she had an update. If they are going to send people to the upstairs bar to hang out until they sit, then they should consider a bar back or 2nd bartender to help with getting the people who are dining their drinks too.Great place!!!! Stanton is the way to go for birthdays, groups and just about any night actually. I love the small plates concept it gives you the opportunity to try all sorts of dishes in one bite without stuffing yourself. The menu is diverse, something for everyone. The service is very attentive and quick. The cocktails are creative and really tasty.My favorites include:* Goat Cheese Perogies* Chicken Arepas* Red snapper tacos* The stuffed meatballs*The DONUTS-  i still dream about themI would pass on the other desserts.I ate here for the first time this past Valentine's Day with my hubby. We arrived 30 mins early and they were able to seat us. The hostess was hospitable and the server was excellent.We ordered:A bottle of house RiojaWok Charred EdamameTuna Tartare WrapsChioptle ShrimpRisotto CakesOystersFrench Onion Soup DumplingsWarm DonutsEverything was really good, but nothing was extraordinary. I had high hopes for the soup dumplings, but the inside was a mushy onion goop, and not so much soup. I would give them another try though, I have hopes the dumplings will be better next time.After over a year of waiting, we finally made it up to NYC to just eat for a day.  I made brunch reservations for us a week out for 11:30 a.m.  The restaurant was cute.  Looks small but its multi-level'ed so its a lot bigger than I thought...  We sat down and ordered drinks.  My husband got the cranberry fizz from the drink menu which he loved.  Very refreshing.  I just got my usual grapefruit juice & soda water.We started with the banana pancakes - fluffy, soft, sweet and love the nuts on top.  It was sooooo good!Then our sliders came out - kobe philly and grilled cheese.  Grilled cheese was pretty good but the kobe philly was a mini cheesesteak and very tasty.  Very cute too!  The meat was tender... the truffle sauce was a little bit heavy but since it was a small bite, it was fine.   We got a small bowl of potato chips with it that had some kind of vinegary coating/seasoning?  It was also good.Then as we held our breath, our much-anticipated french onion soup dumplings debuted.  They were hot, cheesy and rich with sweet onion taste and savory beef broth filling...  The only down side for me was that the dumpling skin was on the thicker side and chewy in a way that I didnt enjoy.  However, if you like french onion soup, its definitely a very interesting interpretation of it.Our last course was the chorizo/sun-dried tomato mac n cheese.  It was presented nicely in its own mini cast iron pan with a ton of beautifully  toasted bread crumbs across the top.  The little pastas were awesome and sauced nicely with the chorizo adding to the saltiness and sun-dried tomatoes adding the sweetness...Overall, it was lovely and our waitress was also nice and patient with us throughout the meal.  We would return for dinner one day.Yum, yummy and triple to the YUMMIEST.LOVED it here. Were on a weekend away and a longtime New Yorker friend suggested this place.I had asked for a fun place, good food, that doesn't break my bank, since I was taking out my boyfriend for his birthday.Check, check and CHECK.I loved the concept that all dishes were shareable. Everything we had was flavorful and delicious.The music was loud though. Whoa. Our sweet little Boston based ears were all "WHAAAT?", but adds to the ambience...so that was cool too. :)Very crowded with the seating, but again, works for the place.They had a coat check, which was great.Only surprise was: We ordered dessert and the second one was totally out of scale. It was hilarious. This is NOT a complaint...but while everything else was totally shareable in great portions, one of the dessert was HUGE. Nom nom nom, was funny though.Loved this place!!   Yes- you do need to try the french onion soup dumplings; however, do not overlook the potato and goat cheese pierogies!! YUM!  What amazed me the most was the service.  The entire wait staff worked together to spread out your meal.  Only one plate comes out at a time.  After you are finished, within seconds the plate is removed.  A few minutes later, you have the next dish in front of you.  They also change out your serving plates numerous times throughout the meal.  Totally unexpected and unnecessary, but a nice touch.Don't expect to get a reservation after 6 on a Friday or Saturday unless you call WAY in advance.We went here for my roomie's birthday about a month ago. The food was great, but what really stood out was the AMAZING service we received here. Our server (I wish I could remember her name) was the nicest person who's waited on me in New York. They also had awesome teamwork - every time we finished a plate it was off our table immediately. They also switched out our app plates and de-crumbed our table between dishes. They were so attentive I was shocked!All items are served tapas style, so you have to order A LOT in order to be full. This resulted in a very large bill for 3 people, which is why I probably won't be back anytime soon. The food was great, but not enough for the $75 I spent on my portion (including 2 drinks).The Twinkie and the milkshake shot were definitely my favorites!Warning: Do not organize a large group dinner here.  They will mess up and/or lose your reservation! I had planned a birthday dinner for a party of 10, and made the reservation over the phone a month ahead of time.  (Unfortunately you can't book thru opentable for a party larger than 8.)  Somehow the restaurant lost my reservation and wouldn't even try to accommodate us that night!  We ended up going to another restaurant nearby instead, which was really annoying since a lot of people were coming in from out of town.Judging from the other reviews, the food sounds great but I doubt I'd go back there even if it were with a smaller party.The red snapper tacos... enough said.The food here was delicious, and more filling than I expected. I ordered five plates to be split between two people, and that was more than needed.The decor and ambience was also very classy and good for a dinner for two. The staff was attentive; plates came on and off our tables immediately after we finished.The only downside was that service was a bit hurried; I do not like being treated like the staff couldn't wait for us to leave, and giving us the bill right after I take my last bite does not help (especially when there were plenty of other seats so it's not like we were holding up other patrons).I thought the food was great. We particularly liked the pierogies and the red snapper tacos. My only real issues were to do with the popularity of the place, and I guess you can't really blame them. We arrived on time for our reservation (Friday night), but weren't seated for 45 minutes. We spent that time in a PACKED, cramped bar space, being pushed around by other bargoers and cocktail waitresses.The rap was blasting so loud we could barely talk, but hey, if that's your scene, no problem.Nice look to the place, friendly waitress, and very good food.It's a great place to go for the right night, but not for every night, ya know?Reviews are pretty spot-on.  The ambiance is nice, lots of chatter, and really dark.  They have a bar/lounge area upstairs where you can eat/wait for your whole party to arrive.  The crowd is pretty diverse, I'd say ranging from early 20s to a more mature crowd.  They start you with complimentary soup 'shots'.  Dishes are tapas style, and usually come with 3~5 pieces (except for the sliders, which come individually).  They can also add on a la carte pieces for extra charge if you want but my group opted out.  It's probably easier to come with a small party  less than 5.  The french onion soup dumpings are just as good as everyone says. Get them (They are one of the main reasons Stanton is a 4 and not a 3!!).  Covered in cheese, they're served on what resembles an escargot platter (6 pc).  The spaghetti carbonara is also delicious it's very rich, and served with egg on top.  The tuna tartar, to me, was decent, nothing special. I would suggest eating something light before coming, unless you plan to go somewhere after. I was a little disappointed by the drinks.  They were either very light and juice-ish, or so strong that you kind of lost the subtle flavors listed on the drinks menu.  Service is great and they're pretty attentive about refilling your water.  There is coat check, if you need. It's pricey, but you're paying for the ambiance.  I think it's a great place to go for a date,  or take some out of town friends.Okay, I'll splurge for the 5 star review here. We came here for brunch yesterday because of a coupon we got. 4 people, 7 courses (shared), and a $50 bottle of sparkling white wine for $115. What a value! The quality of the food was excellent- I am a big fan of breakfast and they did a good job of mending traditional breakfast flavors (waffles and huevos rancheros/ eggs) with some more complex flavors like the pirogues and French onion dumplings. We finished off brunch with some stellar cocktails that then caused us to wander around the LES all day and have a serious Sunday funday.A couple of out-of-town college girls looking to spend their budgets on great food.We decided on the Stanton Social because we'd heard about their French onion soup dumplings; while they weren't my favorite my friend adored them!Our server was outstanding, and her recommendations hit the spot exactly! Besides the french onion soup dumplings we had the chicken and waffles (a lot more classy than it sounds and SO yummy) the shrimp and grits (my favorite, but not my friend's), the asparagus (I've never had such good asparagus) and the macaroni and cheese which definitely topped it all off! We finished with dessert by having the donuts-- definitely amazing in the different dipping sauces they offer! The only downside to this establishment? It is a little pricey for what you get in the end-- but we knew we weren't looking for cheap, we were looking for experience. An experience is exactly what we got.Good music and good vibe. Food was good but the menu wasn't very appealing to me personally. Drinks were OK, booth seating was very comfortable. Two gripes though... So hot! No A/C on a hot June summer night. Also very crowded you cant walk to the bathroom without stopping to let someone through. Great for girls night out  not for a full on dinnerI've heard rave reviews about this place and never manage to go so when I heard some friends were gathering there for brunch I jumped on board.  It's tapas style so we had an assortment of things.  The boys were starving so I didn't manage to get photos of everything.   Below are photos of the ricotta fritters with raspberry jelly which were buttery soft, sweet and delicious (very rich) and the breakfast bruschetta with soft scrambled eggs, ovendried tomatoes and asiago.  The bread was a little soggy and it could've used more cheese/tomato but overall was good.We also had the Stanton Social sliders with double smoked bacon, egg and cheese on a buttermilk biscuit which wasn't very good.  A little too McDonalds for my taste.  The croque monsieur 'satays' with mini brioche, country ham, gruyere and muenster were good although really rich.  Lastly the blueberry buttermilk mini muffins were very good and very small.  Watching the boys eat them was kind of hilarious.Overall I'd have to say that I was somewhat disappointed after hearing such great things.  Maybe I ordered the wrong stuff or went in with expectations that were too high?  I don't know.  I can say that their bloody mary is terrible and their other drinks aren't much better.  I opted for a Brooklyn Lager because even their beer selection left something to be desired.  It's too bad because the waitress was nice and the restaurant is very cool looking but no need to go back.Stanton Social is one of those places that I want to hate -- because it's just soo trendy.  And yet, their food and drinks are soo delish that I find myself going back again and again...I would recommend going with a group of people, so that you can try a bunch of things.  As a warning, the place is usually very crowded and the acoustics get loud.  I have trouble hearing people across the table - I usually just nod and pretend I can hear them.  :)I would highly recommend the french onion dumplings, butternut squash ravioli, and any/all of the sliders.  The meatballs and red snapper tacos are good too.  I found the pizezetta and beet salad to be disappointing.  For dessert, my favorite was the warm doughnuts.  The chocolate tasting was a bit overkill in my opinion -- don't get it unless you LOVE chocolate, because it's a lot.This is a gem in the lower east side. I prefer spanish tapas (highly reccomend this tapas place if you like pipa) but this american style is great. Been here twice and ive seen a celebrity both times.If your a guy only come here if ur on a date. make a reservation b4 going.Normally I try to avoid the LES...I'm happy I made an exception for Stanton Social!The food was absolutely amazing...I believe we had the Lobster Benedict, Red Snapper Tacos, the French Onion Soup Dumplings, Chicken and Waffles, and I can't even remember what else.  My only complaint is that everthing was so good, I didn't want to share!Next time I find myself on the LES, I'll definitely be stopping by Stanton Social.Tasty food, fun table in the back, and nice wine. Our server was pushing more expensive wines than what we asked but wasn't a bitch when we got something around $50. She was very nice regardless of our inexpensive choice. The bartender upstairs made a shitty manhattan. It's kind of hard to screw up that drink but overall the night was wonderful. I'd go back in a second.I never write reviews, but I had such a great experience yesterday at The Stanton Social that I had to tell everyone about it. The food was delicious, first of all. I'd highly recommend the French onion soup dumplings, the meatballs, and the brie quesadillas. The cocktails were equally delicious (and strong!).Most importantly though, the service was perfect. Our host was fun and attentive, and when he found out my birthday had been a few weeks ago, he brought out a cupcake and birthday candle. Our waitress checked in on us frequently and was a joy to talk to. Both very outgoing and talkative, and we left feeling like we had just made two friends.I'd heard such rave reviews, that my expectations were very high for Stanton Social.The food was very good (some dishes better than others) and the tapas set-up is great for groups... sharing is caring. But considering the prices and high expectations, the experience was only alright. There was no place to sit downstairs, so my group was referred to upstairs via stairs that smelled like vomit.Bottom line: a fun restaurant for dinner with friends, with tasty food and good service.On a recent trip to NYC I met an old friend here for an early dinner on a Friday night. We both showed up about 10 minutes before our reservation and were seated right away. The staff was friendly and courteous, even when we took 20 minutes before ordering because we were too busy catching up to pay any attention to the menu. Unlike many of the other reviewers, I didn't find the prices bad at all. We had 3 plates, plus dessert and drinks for $82. Pluses:* Great food -- especially the Potato and Goat Cheese Pierogies with Truffle Creme Fraiche and the French Onion Soup Dumplings. The Mini Doughnuts with dipping sauces were amazing.* Tasty drinks -- both the Social Tea and Strawberry Fields were delish.* Attentive staff* Plenty of vegetarian optionsMinuses:* Single unisex bathroom, which you have to wait for in a cramped space next to a table. * A little loud -- don't go here on a first date.* The two-person tables are very close together -- you'll become great friends with the couple next door.Altogether, this was a fun place to come with a friend. If you enjoy sharing and talking about your food as you dine, and trying a variety of dishes, you'll enjoy this place. Was it the best food ever? No, but it was quite good and they do offer some unique tapas. I'd go back for the Mini Doughnuts alone.Went to dinner here on a Friday night after work for a date night... the food was incredible. We decided to share 4 plates so I will critique in the order the food was delivered to the table:- Yellowfin tuna sashimi: Good presentation on plate, tasted even better with the avocado and small piece of jalepeno (Neither of us has a tolerance for spice too well and it suited us just fine). By far both of us favored this plate!!- Baby spinach salad: Very enjoyable dish... the corn must have had a little bit of chili powder because there was a bit of a kick to it... very tasty!- Red snapper tacos: Neither of us had tried red snapper before.. was good, but a bit fishy for both of our tastes. - Pizzetta: Very good; tasted like bruschetta on flat bread... fairly standard. Small wine menu, but the pinot grigiot was very good (and dry).The dislikes: VERY loud atmosphere.... you need to speak up a bit to hear over the loud music... and the 2-seater tables were very close together so you can hear other tables' conversations.On the whole, would definitely return for another meal.... Oh yea, it was packed so reservations are probably a good idea!I have to say - as much as I LOVE the french onion soup dumplings, the bad service here seriously detracts from the experience. Granted, this is a trendy lower-east-side, overpriced, small portions kind of place, there is never a good reason for the hostess to be so damn rude.I had my birthday dinner here in August, and we were about 15 people - and they refused to seat us until everyone was there. I understand that restaurants have this policy, but it was a birthday dinner and my friends are always tragically late.The apple and brie quesadillas are the most disappointing thing I've eaten here. While the best were definitely the braised short rib tacos and the french onion soup dumplings. The Kobe sliders are dec, but I've definitely had better elsewhere.The milkshake shots are delicious, and the homemade doughnuts are worth coming back for. Just make a reservation well in advance, and make sure your party is there in FULL!I recently moved to New York and so far had been underwhelmed by the quality of food, even though this is the most celebrated foodie city. Then my life changed on a Sunday morning brunch with my cousin. Their Red Snapper tacos and Banana Pancakes are the most delectable things I've eaten in a while. Their Kobe Beef Sliders were good, but I've had better. The service was very polite and the food in this place is perfection. I like their small portions which gives you a chance to try a bunch of things. Since, then I've been trying to plan Sunday brunch with almost every friend at Stanton Social. Amazing.I really enjoy the act of sharing food, smaller portions, and having a vast variety of options to choose from.This place does just that. I seriously love tapas.Their french onion dumpling soup was amazing. I am a lover of french onion soup and will return again just for these.Dim-lit restaurant. Has a Lower East side vibe to it. Great spot for date night and girl's night out.I discovered this place through a friend and absolutely fell in love the minute I walked through the door. The atmosphere is a little dark but I love it and the food, while expensive, is bursting with flavorTry the grilled cheese sandwich with jalapenos and the scrumptious Quesadillas. May this restaurant live forever :)The french onion soup dumplings are definitely hyped up. It didn't meet my expectations but it wasn't bad.  I would prefer actual french onion soup instead. If I knew that Stanton was also a club atmosphere where I couldn't make out what my friend was saying, I wouldn't have chosen this place for a Sunday brunch. Now that I crossed off Stanton Social off my list, I don't think I'll be visiting again.My absolute favorite restaurant in the city.  I bring as many of my friends here as possible.  The atmosphere is very New York and it's always fun to have that swanky, trendy feel for your night out.  I've managed to try at least 2/3 of the menu over the course of my visits and I'm yet to be disappointed.  While this place is certainly not cheap, it's extremely reasonably priced for the quality of the food and the atmosphere.  My boyfriend and I came here for a date night and shared 5 of the dishes, 2 desserts, I had a cocktail, and he had a beer, and we only spent $110 before tip, not bad for a very nice, very delicious night out.Highlights:Cucumber vanilla cosmopolitanThai BBQ ribsChicken and WafflesKobe slidersGuinness cake with toffee sauce and Bailey's ice cream (which I recently found out is only available in the winter, so I'll be back as soon as it's cold)Pierogies - potato-pastry-like and very good; flaky on outside and moist insidePhilly slider - pretty good, just like a mini Philly sandwich but without bell peppersKobe slider nice and simple, but not specialFrench onion soup dumpling -  creative and tastyLobster croquette - nice and crunchyTuna tartare - fresh and light, probably my favorite dishMac and cheese - nuthin specialDonut - freshHot chocolate shot - good and not too sweetambiance was warm and dim.Overall, this place is a little pricy, but I enjoyed dishes that I haven't seen anywhere else.I love this place because it's decor. I love it even more for the food. The service is actually pretty good for ny. I've been twice. They serve food tapas style so you share with everyone at the table. The first time I went was ok b/c I went with two classmates that have very different palates than mine. So the food they ordered I didn't really care for. You HAVE TO eat the beignets!! I cannot stress this enough people! Beignets!!!The second time I went, was a date. the guy I was with liked the same food as me. We got the mini burgers which are amazing. I don't know how they get so much flavor in such a little package. One of the best burgers I've ever had. We also got the chipotle grilled shrimp, old school meatballs & The herb fries... All of which had us licking our fingers.Cocktails were very unique and delicious... And strong! I don't recommend if you don't like paying a lot of $$ for a small amount of food.Delicious food and great (albeit loud) ambiance. Just wish this wasn't a small plates place! I wanted full dishes of the food--it was so good.For my bf and I it was about $100.00 for 2 drinks and 4 small plates. Needless to say...still hungry, so we skipped off to Katz's deli. I'd take the money and actually go have dinner somewhere if that's what you are looking for. If it's drinks and snacks then this place is perfect.Went here for the first time last weekend for my sister's 21st birthday dinner with her, my roommate and her sister.  Was afraid it might be a little pretentious but definitely not the case.  Had a reservation for 10:15pm, showed up around 10:05 and were seated right away.  Seating was tight but that's okay.  Roommate and I ordered wine while the two sisters ordered a cocktail--the Pink Grapefruit Mint Martini and the Blood Orange Jalapeno Margarita.  Both were good and strong which is appreciated when paying $13.My sister and I ordered the Red Snapper Tacos(fav!), French Onion Soup Dumplings(must order although only 4/5 but I'm not the biggest French Onion fan in general), Chicken Arepas(hot!), and Mozzarella and Tomato Pizzetta.  Roommate and her sister ordered the Social Mac n Cheese, Chicken & Cashew Spring Rolls, and the Apple and Brie Quesadilla.  And we split the warm donuts for dessert (yum!!)Only tip: If you're starving, you probably shouldn't come here.  I knew it was tapas-style going in but we hadn't eaten since lunch and there were definitely moments were it was hard to wait for the next plate to be brought out or I thought I was going to have to stop for pizza later.  Also, service was good for the most part.  A couple times it took our waiter awhile to get to us but he had a few large parties and we weren't in a hurry so it was okay.  Plus, he was cute so we dealt with it :)  Hostess also came over and told my sister happy birthday.Overall, a great experience.  A little pricey but hey it's NYC and it was a special occasion.  All the food was yummy and it was a fun atmosphere.  I would definitely go back.Side note...YELP....give me the option to have half a star....Okay...Stanton Social.Went here with a large group (12 ppl) and we had a pretty good time. The food was good but nothing blew me away. Drinks are pretty tasty and moderately priced. It's a very trendy spot which is why most people go here and probably why I wouldn't go again. All and all....3.5 stars (YELP!)Very impressed by the Stanton Social. Got there early so we went upstairs for a drink.  Great decor and vibe at the bar and restaurant.We had the:Nori Spiced Tuna Tartare RollWild Mushroom Risotto Cakes French Onion Soup Dumplings (amazing)'Kobe Philly' slider- truffle & goat cheese fondue (absolutely amazing!!!)Thai Spiced Baby Back RibsDefinitely recommend for a date night or small gathering with friends.I look forward to going back and trying a bunch more stuff! Brunch menu looks delicious.Perfect place to meet up with old friends and catch up over good food and drinks.  Also a very good date spot.  I started with a couple of jalapeño margaritas.  They were tasty but overpriced ($13).  For food, 3 friends and I had the pirogies, french onion soup dumplings, ribs, wasabi crusted salmon, oysters and lobster pizza.  The pirogies, oysters and salmon were my favorites.  The dumplings disappointed.  Portions are small so be ready to spend or leave hungry.Overall good place with good ambiance.  I would have given 4 stars but had to deduct one for the price.Really fantastic meal with friends at Stanton Social on Saturday night. Everything was delicious starting with the complementary ceasar salad bites and creative cocktails right through the kobe philly cheese steak and everything in between. The decor is cool, the wait staff was friendly and really good at their jobs. It was crowded by 6pm but we didn't feel the least bit rushed.Definitely make a reservation and enjoy!I heard great things about this place- everyone I know loves it. I thought it was a little loud and cramped though. My wife and I came here for dinner and could barely hear each other over the music and the couples seated at the tables less than 12 inches to either side. Food was good and different. Not life-changing, but very good. Drinks were very good. A little pricey as well, but everyone loves the place, so they can charge that. Have heard the upstairs area is cooler (I sat downstairs), but I didn't know that when I went- so didn't check it out.This place is a solid $$$ so it won't come cheap, but you get what you pay for and more, this place is legit, you won't regret it.We started off by getting seated 30min after our reservation, as a group of 6, somewhat understandable, but by then end of the meal, no one cared. Service was spot on, friendly water and they kept the dishes coming at a great pace. The trendiness of the place was cool too. Now for the food. Each tier is ranked in order of best to worst (though nothing at this place is at least good)Tier 1: Awesome - Great - DeliciousIf you're coming here, be sure to get these, all amazing!Red Snapper TacosSpicy Lamb Souvlaki Thai Spiced Baby Back RibsFrench Onion Soup DumplingsTier 2: Very Good All of these were very good and worth it, just not as phenomenal as tier 1Wild Mushroom & Ricotta Ravioli Potato & Goat Cheese PierogiesHand Pulled Chicken Arepas 90-Proof Milkshake Shot **dessert**Sweet & Sour Chicken & Cashew Spring RollsWarm doughnuts **dessert** Tier 3: GoodThis stuff was all good, but I wouldn't get these againKobe Beef BurgerMaryland Jumbo Lump Crabcake 'Corn Dogs'Ice Cream Sandwich  **dessert**This place was fantastic!  The plates were extremely tasty and beautifully presented.We were 2 and ordered the following:Piquillo Pepper Bruschetta Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies French Onion Soup Dumplings Sweet & Sour Chicken & Cashew Spring RollsNori Spiced Tuna Tartare RollBeef WellingtonGrilled AsparagusEverything was DELICIOUS, although next time I may pass on the Tuna Tartare... it was good, and I love tuna, but I feel like they have more interesting selections on the menu.Definitely coming to this place again, only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because I had to wait an hour even though I had a reservation.  I'm hoping that's a one time thing, maybe due to Fashion Week.We had great night there!!! Amazing presentation.....Kobe burger, french onion soup dumplings, red snapper tacos, chicken and waffles is delicious....Service was friendly, but bit slowMade our way to the lower east side for a Thursday night early dinner for two plus a baby. I'll admit that we were lured here thanks to a bit on the food network about the french onion soup dumplings, which we ordered. While they're novel and tasty, it was not the top menu item of the evening. "Go forth to Stanton Social and order Beef Wellington," God said to Moses, but Moses decided to leave off the 11th commandment to keep the secret for himself. Seriously, go here, order the Beef Wellington, win.Though the portions are pricier, it's definitely worth the money for an occasional night out. We ordered and enjoyed all of the following, in order of preference (excluding dessert): beef wellington, wasabi encrusted salmon, red snapper tacos, french onion soup dumplings, shrimp and grits, braised spare rib tacos. For dessert, we had fried donuts, which were uh-mazing. I'd recommend getting these, but if you don't want to be stuffed only order 2 plates of food per. Otherwise prepare for a leisurely meal and don't wear anything too snug. The second dessert was the pumpkin pie sundae, which was as rich and decadent as it sounds. Overall, service was excellent, and we were pleased that they didn't fuss over seating us with our son (in a stroller). I wouldn't call the menu kid-friendly, but also wouldn't hesitate if you have a baby or toddler with you.Loved it. Would prefer tables to be a little less tightly packed together and the music a little less loud, but the tapas were all excellent, even if somewhat small for the price (at times)! Would definitely go back though, as there were easily a dozen more dishes we were eager to try and service was excellent (very attentive and friendly)!Only during the summer do they have a delicious watermelon ginger drink. Delicious. The only bad thing about this drink is that the straw is too thin and the watermelon chunks get stuck. The dishes are small but can get filling. I loved the foie gras and peach jam on a crostini (I think), which was simply fantastic. The squid lettuce wrap was great - in a simple Asian soy dressing. The french onion soup dumpling was not what I expected, in a good way. The goat cheese pierogi was good too, though I'm not a very big fan of cheese in general (absurd, I know!).Not only were the food and drinks great, but the service was as well. There is a second floor, which is more loungey and fun.First time here for friend's birthday dinner, having so much fun here, good food...good services. I will be back for sureFriends from out of town were coming to visit and did a little food tour of NY.  The Stanton Social was one of their stops and we met them down there on a Saturday night.  It was extremely packed and extreeemeeeellyyyy loud which is why I gave it four stars instead of five.  That being said, the food and drinks were really lovely, though, and as I've said in other reviews, when you make something that I generally hate and I love it, you've got me!  We ordered quite a few dishes including:-French Onion Soup Dumplings-Chicken N Waffles-Grilled Asparagus-Red Snapper Tacos-Warm Doughnuts-Strawberry Shortcake SundaeI generally dislike 4 out of the 6 dishes up there  (French onion, chicken and waffles, doughnuts and strawberry desserts) and I LOVED them at The Stanton Social.  Everything was super tasty and not dry, which is one of my biggest EW factors.  I think doughnuts are pretty gross, but these doughnuts with different sauces were delectable and strawberry shortcake is usually not my style but the sundae was yummy too.  If I didn't have any table manners, I probably would have debo'd all the doughnuts, but I managed to control myself.   I'm always surprised when chefs/restos can help me enjoy these foods so I was super glad that my friends invited us to this dinner, especially since I was not about it at first.  I knew it was going to be packed because it's such a trendy place, but it was great to go!  If it were less packed on the weekends, I'd probably bring more out of town friends and family to eat there but the crowds really do scare me off.Sadly, I can't remember what we had to drink, but I will say I remember enjoying it thoroughly!  If you can stand the crowds, make sure to go sometime!Yummy! for the food.Thumbs up for the deco!Everything else is OK.Whenever a female employee answers the phone you are guaranteed to made feel as you are not worth her time. and when you arrive at the restaurant t  you will feel the same way...until you are seated! the wait staff is always pleasant and attentive. the place is "lounge" like but the music is way tooooo loud for conversations.  they have a full bar but you are better off with just wine.  The food is awesome, the portion is good for 2-3 people to share.  if you are hungry, eat somewhere else!First time hanging in LES.  Went there for bday dinner with 10 friends.  Space was gorgeous and we had enough room to eat, talk and take pics.  The food was crazy delicious (except we weren't fans of the lobster rolls).  We got a $50 prixe fixe menu for $509 which ended up being $100 after tip, tax, and drinks.  Well worth it!!!  My fav was the potato and goat chese perogis and the french onion soup dumplings.  After we walked a few block and went to sapphire lounge.Both places were great.  Parking for free on the street.  Great neighborhood.YUMMY but expensive. my friends and i went for dinner on a thursday  night and it was packed. interesting types of people... i wouldn't bring my parents there but there were even families with children... hmmm.the food was great-- especially the french onion soup dumplings, the potato and goat cheese pierogi, and the lobster pizza. soooo delicious. the portions are small but i think they're worth it. for drinks, i really liked the strawberry fields. they mashed the strawberries and mixed them into the drink. yuuuuum.This place is the whole package: great atmosphere, distinctive drinks and delish food. We got a bunch of plates to share:The French Onion Soup Dumplings def. lived up to the hype. Potato and Goat Cheese Pierogies with Black Truffle Creme Fraiche - delish. Chicken and Waffles w/balsamic vinegar sauce?? OMG. Sliders were great; Brie and Apple Quesadilla - Absolutely divine.Love the Watermelon/Ginger margaritas here!Love.The food was delicious!!!!!! and did i mention they have a GLUTEN FREE menu!!!!! Yes they do!!!!!!!love that place!Great tasting food, best served so I can have a taste. Must try chicken and waffles, fronion soup dumplings. Fish tacos are ok, nothing to brag about it. Arepas were tasty.If you're looking to have an intimate dinner with conversation this is not it.  I feel like I should have been dancing while eating and drinking. Are we in meatpacking?Dress to impress you will be judged!Stopped here before heading to a show at the Bowery. I don't really know if exquisite even really captures how amazing the food is. The onion soup dumplings are a total must. Sharing many little dishes is a fun experience. This is an amazing place that I will be visiting again soon.My mom was in town for the week, and I'd always talked about taking her here so shocker of all shocks, I actually did.We were seated at 7, and there was no one around. It did fill up as dinner went along, but it was nice to have the place to ourselves when we first got there. The hostess/waitress was sweet and accommodating, and chatted with us throughout the meal. She recommended the fish tacos, which were a bit spicy but yummy.Of course, I had to order the chicken and waffles cause I've basically not shut up about them to my parents. They were good, but the real treat for us was the beef wellington. Yes, it's expensive for a dish you're going to share, but actually when it got to the table, we realized it was the size of something we'd share for a real main course.By the time we left we were buzzed on good wine, stuffed with good food, and my mom got to see a part of the city she'd never been to before, which is always exciting. Sorry, Dad, next time...Fancy dining experience. Never thought that french onion soup could be served as dumplings! The lobster ball and red snapper tacos were great. Reservation is highly recommended otherwise you'll have to wait for a looong time at the bar upstairs, which will cost you more because the waitresses convince you to order some drinks and appetizers while waiting. Again, it is fancy. Be ready to wear your chic-est outfit.We were invited guests of the Lands End marketing team and at first we were all thinking that we knew NYC a little better than these Wisconsin peeps and should probably offer some friendly advice - to the tune of "...please put down the phone and let us 'east coasters' make the restaurant call"... but wow were we wrong.  They hit the ball out of the park with Stanton Social.  What New Yorker told them!! They must have had inside advice!So, moving right to cocktails:  even if you're not in the mood for a cocktail, have pneumonia, have liver disease or could possibly be pregnant - try the cocktails!  They are REALLY good.  A table favorite was their Basil-Lime Gimlet (vodka, basil, lemon syrup, lime).  An easy recipe but mixed and presented to perfection! - Sublime!After being properly lubricated, our hosts orders several of every item on their tapas-like menu.  To our delight, they were really amazing from the Potato and Goat Cheese Pierogies to the Chicken and Waffles.  Really creative dishes with what seemed like truffle butter on almost everything (or maybe that was my imagination - could happen).Anyway, I would highly recommend trying their doughnuts for dessert.  I'm sure they had a fancy name of them like "balls of doughnutiness" but suffice to say that if you see something on the menu that looks like it could be a doughnut order that one.  Have fun!Now you have to take this place for what it is... It IS a haughty bar/restaurant/lounge, it IS a place to be seen, it IS damn expensive, the music IS too loud, it IS hard to get a table.The thing is, the food IS damn good.The food has a multi-ethnic background, from a full raw bar, to french onion soup, to lamb souvlaki.  A variety of international dishes are represented which make for an entertaining and enjoyable sampling.  I say sampling because the food is served in a small plate style.  Basically, you order a bunch of stuff (the items aren't cheap so the bill adds up even before you factor in drinks) and they will keep a steady stream of food coming out to your table meant to be shared amongst your party.If nothing else, make sure you have the Kobe Philly Slider w/ truffle and goat cheese fondue...holy shit, amazing.  The grilled aged cheddar slider is also very good.The vibe is a sleek/sexy Manhattan restaurant (good date place).  The owners of Stanton Social also own Happy Ending and Tao.  If you're familiar with either of these places, you'll get a sense of them blended into Stanton Social.  Definitely worth checking out.The Social looks like a pretty popular place to be reviewed. I have only been there for brunch, and my girlfriends keeps going back there. The atmosphere is very lively, and its a good way to start off of a party sunday. The food is surprisingly decent for a place of this sorts. I never expect good food from these sorts of places, but Stanton has good substance and flavor built in, almost proving me wrong. I have tried everything on the menu, and yes, the french onion soup is great. But their vodka gimlet is the best. I think I had at least three of them, and they go down perfectly well for a sunday morning. The bruschette was -  wouldnt order ever againpierogies - goodroasted beets - okBraised Short Rib Soft Tacos - okSpicy Lamb Souvlakis - goodUnimpressed to say the least. Admittedly had high expectations given the multiple star rating on Yelp. When we arrived, three out of six people in our party were present for the reservation so the host sent us to the bar upstairs to wait for the other 3 people. He told us he would come upstairs and get us when our table was ready. Well later we learned he told the remaining members of our party that they should go upstairs too but that we should all come down when we were ready to be seated. So which one is  it mr. Host?  How about you do what you say you are going to do? Particularly do what you say you will to the person that thought this was a good place to eat and made the reservation (me). Furthermore, upon going downstairs to be seated he warned us that another party was set to arrive at 9:15 (which was almost 2 hours after our seating time) and that we would have to leave early potentially in order to accommodate that next party. We took a chance because we figured it could not possibly take more than two hours to eat there. But who does that? Hello? So we ate many small dishes.Many of the food items were delicious! The chef is no doubt good.However, the host put a bad taste in our mouth to start out the evening. Furthermore the wait staff pulled a plate out from underneath me while I was in the middle of chewing on some food off of it. I looked down and the plate was gone. No I did not have too many cocktails and no we did not take that long to eat.What a sad waste of  a talented chef. How about hiring staff that takes care of the customer?Overrated.I went to Stanton Social for dinner on Friday with some people. I had been there numerous times when it first opened. Always had a good time but the food didn't make an impression (probably because we went to snack and drink rather than to eat properly). However, this time around, we went for a proper meal and were pleasantly surprised. We ordered 8-9 small plates and shared (among 5 women). The dishes more than satisfied our hunger pangs so you could probably order less to start with. I'm vegetarian so I only partook in a few dishes - the pierogis, french onion soup stuffed dumplings, spinach salad and goat-cheese stuffed piquillo peppers were particularly delightful!  The other girls loved the sliders as well. The food seemed varied, unique and tasty.Despite the food, I can't give it 4 stars as (ok, I'm being finicky) I wasn't digging the atmosphere. I've lived in the East Village and like the places in E Vill, LES and Alphabet City that still have some neighborhood characters and charm left. A good example is Cafe Katja in LES. However, Stanton was full of the midtown finance types (ironically, I was with some former colleagues who are in the banking world - also, not too surprisingly, they had never been and thought it was the best "new" discovery). Stanton Social used to be cool and representative of LES when it first opened in 2005- not so much anymore.I love places that offer little dishes and the chance to order, like, ten things off the menu if you so choose. Makes me feel luxuriant.The dishes have around enough food for 2 or 3 people to have a couple mouthfuls - that's why you gotta order many plates. I hearted the Apple & Brie Ques, the chicken/cashew spring rolls and the edamame. The duck empanadas were ok, not great and not very ducky. The squid dish, honestly, was ordered because we were all "Ooo let's be dangerous" and I ate a squid and that was it. If you are a fan of the squid as food, you can try your own luck and ignore me. The chicken wings were oddly fatty and chewy and not like chicken wings at all. The sauce was nice, though. The drinks were ok, they were tasty but not very strong. Dessert was a more normal offering - scoops of ice cream and sorbet, dessert wines, etc. Delicious, but nothing to write home about. I also heard of these large groups of ladies coming to eat, and at first, found myself completely surrounded by...groups of dudes. The ladies came later though. Oh, so many groups of women! And the bathroom is surprisingly large for such a well packed restaurant. It's hidden away in the back though, near the wine glass storage. Weird, but it was clean. Overall, good food but it's a little overpriced. So says my frugal little heart. Ok, not so frugal if I'm going here, but you get me. It's a good place to go for a splurging event, or with a large group of people.Very trendy... cool scene for a big group.  Reservations for dinner are a must.  We failed to do this but ended up snagging a spot at the lounge area upstairs. (mind you, there was only two of us and we did wait about 45 minutes to get a seat- like I said, reservations are KEY). Drinks were pretty standard and we had to wait awhile to get the bartender's attention.  The Watermelon/GInger Margherita was tasty.  Recommend trying the Crab Cake Corn Dogs, the French Onion Soup Dumplings, and the Kobe Beef Slider.  Music was a bit loud for our girls night catch up session, but it was still fun.  It's been a while since I got "dolled up" for a night out in the city.  I woke up the next morning with fond memories, a very scratchy voice from yelling, and a slight hangover.  Remember, water before you sleep is GOOD.Generally unimpressed. Came here after being booked out of the Meatball Shop, and the tapas just weren't that great (and not a good deal if you're hungry). Maybe it's just me, but the French Onion Soup Dumplings were cloyingly sweet and doughy, and just not pleasant to put in your mouth after the first bite. Crabcake Corn Dogs were something I immediately regretted ordering as soon as I said it (think mealy bits of crab encrusted in a sad non-crisp cornbread batter) and the Chicken Arepas were just like a dried taco filling on top of a tiny dry cake of cornmeal. Le sigh. The Old School Meatballs and Grilled Asparagus were my favorite, and it's not a hopeful sign when the vegetable side is a highlight of the meal.Sorry Stanton Social, you just missed the mark for me.A small place with small plates.  Great food and wine, at a price. All in a great neighborhood for eating and drinking.We had reservations for three and were sit at the booth at the back of the restaurant, secluded, surrounded by racks of wine bottles with the best view in the house. The highlights of the night were the kobe sliders and the chocolate tasting. Both were memorable. They did a great job of pairing red with our tastes and the food. Be prepared to spend money, this is a restaurant for a special occasion or a great place to impress a date.I am SO happy with the SS! I had the VERY difficult task of finding a place in NYC that would take a group of 10 on a Friday night for the beginning of my husband's surprise bday weekend. We flew in from Europe and I had friends come from all over the country so obviously the night and the spot had to be perfect! After much searching and yelping and finding a few places that were no-go's, I finally found the SS and spoke with Nicole, who helped me make a reservation for our night. We arrived at 10:30 pm and despite it being pretty crowded, they were holding the perfect corner spot for us in the upstairs lounge / bar area. We ordered cocktails (amazing!) and some food (good but not super memorable). The service was OUTSTANDING... I was super impressed with our waitress, and all this on a busy Friday night. We proceeded onwards to Les Enfants Terribles after the SS. It was a FABULOUS night and I will definitely be back for more of those delicious cocktails.This is one of my favorite New York restaurants. I love the cushy circular booths and posh interior. This place is perfect for big group dinners or team events to maximize the amount of food you can try. I came with 6 people and we probably ordered 1/3 of the menu, which has like 30 items on it that are super diverse (Japanese, Italian, Spanish, American, French). It's kind of like being in a super upscale food court haha. The standouts in my opinion were obvi the french onion soup dumplings which everyone is raving about, the Philly slider (I could have eaten all 6 of these myself), the Thai ribs, and the calamari with Sriracha mayo. The only one I didn't think was that great was the Chicken & Waffles, but the fact that everything else was delicious was super impressive considering how varied the menu is.Plus the cocktails are awesome aka blood orange margaritas :) I would have to come here like 5 times if I wanted to try everything on the menu, and I think I will.Okay: 1) French Onion soup in a dumpling. 2) Towering banana caramelized pancakes3) Potato and goat cheese pirogies. 4) Chicken & Apple sausages5) Breakfast bruschetta6) Breakfast BurritoMouthwateringly unhealthy foods presented in extremely small portions. My favorites were the chicken taquitos followed by the philly cheese sliders. We also ordered the french onion soup dumplings, something else, and the donuts. Seeing as we were touristy out-of-towners, we were hesitant about coming to this restaurant due to its snotty reputation. However, that was not the case at all - we had a really pleasant host and waitress. Food took a little longer to come out than expected and sometimes our water glasses ran dry, but for the most part, it was a really great experience. We were pretty overdressed though, so keep in mind that you'll see mostly polos and a few plain white tees here and there. Is it worth the high price tag? Not on a regular basis, but I'd check it out at least once.This review is only for the upstairs bar area.  I did not eat in the restaurant.Went here on a Saturday night to possibly snag some dinner in the bar area.  One of the servers was very accommodating and let us know if and when a table would open up.  In the meantime we ordered some drinks.  The drinks were awful.  I had a Manhattan and it was one of the worst I've ever had.  I believe they dilute their alcohol because I could not taste the bourbon flavor.  Since the drink is all alcohol, something was amiss.  My friend's martini did not taste right as well.  Once we were seated at a couch area with a tiny coffee table, we were told that we had to wait until the other people on the couch finished eating before we could order.  Such an awkward situation with the other people on the couch.  We didn't order food and just left.I'm still holding out for the food and sitting in the restaurant downstairs but I would not recommend anything upstairs in the bar.This plaze is great! I celebrated one of my birthdays here. We had a pre-fixed menu and it was roughly 50 dollars per person (not including drinks or tip) The Goat Cheese Pierogies makes me salivate just thinking about it. I think we ordered another one after we finished the first one! The Warm Doughnuts are amazing, and the dipping sauces compliment it so well.I haven't come back in a while, I think it's time to revisit this awesome place!Nice spot. Food and service are very good. Really really noisy though but an overall great experience and always nice to spend the night out in the LES. Make sure to pick as much as you can and then share between you and your friends so that you can get a taste of many things (many options available).Ironically, my girlfriend and I had set out to come here on our own because of the French Onion Dumplings that we saw on the Best Thing I Ever Ate, but some NY friends of ours prematurely suggested it for dinner our first night in town. We arrived a bit early for our reservation, so we headed upstairs for a drink.David, the upstairs bartender, was a delight. Let him know what you like, what you don't like, and he will please your taste buds and satisfy your craving for a good cocktail. I honestly have no idea what he gave me, but he made magic happen and I sucked it down fast.When we were seated I immediately noticed that this place was staffed with beautiful people, all of which were really nice and accommodating. We had a friend who was, unfortunately, on a strict dietary regimen assigned by her doctor trying to find out what kind of food allergy she had. Our waitress was ON IT, and made sure she catered to this as if it were no inconvenience whatsoever. STELLAR customer service.Wine was flowing, but despite my tipsy state, I can remember every single dish being super super delicious.Highlights: The Crab Cakes, The French Onion Dumplings, and the Red Snapper Tacos. The gluten-free menu was equally as good as the regular menu, and I highly recommend this place for a fun girls night out or a romantic dinner for two.This place is my go to for group dinners in the LES with visitors.  It's a fun atmosphere that lends itself well to stumbling out to the nearby bars afterwards.  And it's pretty easy (for now) to get a reservation, but that does not necessarily mean that you will be seated anywhere near that time :/  Luckily the bar is a pretty nice place to while away a half hour or so (as is Arlene's Grocery next door for a cheaper pre-dinner drink or two, bonus of live music).  I also liked that they threw in a couple free dishes when we had to wait quite awhile the last Saturday I was there.On the weekends there tend to be a lot of annoying B&T types who like to stomp you with their stilettos while stampeding toward the hostess.  I prefer to eat here on week nights, when the scene is a little more low key.  The upstairs music becomes club level volume as the night goes on during the weekend, so if you want to actually converse with your dinner partner I would recommend eating downstairs.This style of dining is perfect for groups, even picky eaters.  I wouldn't define it as fine dining...more like tasty comfort food with a twist.  Like everyone says, try the French onion soup dumplings.  The red snapper tacos are also a favorite.  I think 1-2 dishes per person is fine with a group of lighter eaters, although that has not sufficed for most of the guys I've brought along.Excellent tapas-style restaurant.  Interesting mix of food types varying from mexican to seafood to bar-b-q.  The atmosphere is nice, low lighting and relaxed.The ribs were insanely good.  The apple and brie quesadillas were perfect.One minor problem was that our plates and glasses kept sliding off the table because the tabletop was so slippery.  Made for an entertaining problem.I'll definitely be going again.I decided to go to The Stanton Social for my 2 year anniversary with the boyfriend. I sum it up to my intrigue to try with French Onion soup dumplings and beef Wellington. We had a 6:15PM reservation, but arrived around 5:30PM and we were able to be seated right away to a booth. Since the boyfriend made the reservation online, he had let the restaurant know I'm advance it was our anniversary...we surprised and pleased that the manager came out with 2 flutes of champagne and congratulated us. So enough of the back story and sappy crap,on to the main reason I'm writing this, the food lol. :pWe received our free Caesar Salad bites that we gobbled up instantly. I was tempted to see if we could order those because they were refreshingly yummy, and I normally don't like Caesar salads.The rest of the meal:French Onion soup dumplings aka "little pockets of mouth happiness": The large amount of hype was true. These ARE a must to order. Granted, my excitement to try the dumplings nearly had me burn my mouth because of the hot, tasty, burgundy brothed onion soup (yea, I do know how to eat soup dumplings..I had a hard time slurping the broth so I slowly bit into it...um dumb move on my part) so..pro-tip: Hot onion soup balls in your mouth all at once =BAD. Eat with tasty caution.Grilled Cheese Sliders: YUCK, do not want. The lemon and green tomato aioli was gross..add cilantro to the mix and you have a icky combination with what could have been good if they stuck with just the plain aged cheddar and jalapeno bacon. It tasted slimy, gooey (in a non good way) and gross. We ended up picking out the bacon and eating it separately.RI Lobster Roll: I'm from Rhode Island...I know Lobster Rolls. It tasted like a regular lobster roll to me minus overly mayoed ickness some lobster rolls are. It was good..not sure if it means the Lobster is from Rhode Island or they picked Rhode Island because it's the coolest state in New England lol. Chicken 'n Waffles: My new moto is Balsamic Maple Syrup makes everything better! The cheddar waffle was a little soggy from too much corn pudding and syrup, but it was edible and tasty. The corn pudding was creamy and sweet. The rosemary pressed chicken was juicy, tender, and flavorful. Overall, I liked it.The Stanton Social Beef Wellington: Ah, the 2nd main reason I chose Stanton Social as my anniversary dinner location. I'm a Hell's Kitchen fan and after years of listening to Gordon Ramsay scream at aspiring head chefs for f****ing up Beef Wellingtons, I have always had an interest of eating one.The filet was cooked perfectly and melted in your mouth along with the foie gras  mushroom filling. The pastry was golden brown and flaky and everything was tied together with a delicious red wine reduction glaze. Love, Love Love...best dish of the night.Honey Glazed and Rosemary Parsnips: They were good..nothing to write home about. It's a basic side dish to me.Hot Chocolate shots: Mmmm....rich hot chocolate with Patron, Bailey's and homemade marshmallow. I had 2..I should have had more.Apple Pie Sundae: It tasted like the apples were brandied..mixed with caramel, it was a great take on a classic. It was creamy sticky apple goodness.Red Velvet Twinkie:...a very sad disappointment due to dry cake. Dry cake is yucky. The creme fraiche filling was perfect, but ruined by dry, tasteless red velvet cake. If the cake was moist and had some flavor, it would have been perfect.I defiantly would come back to try other things I wanted to try on  the menu and eat the things I gave good reviews for. My advice is make reservations if you go on a Saturday because this place gets slammed fast. Avoid the Twinkies and Grilled Cheese Sliders. Dry cake is yucky cake and some things can ruin a good grilled cheese.3 out of 5 stars: The red velvet twinkie massacre and slimy grilled cheese slider killed 2 stars. The service was good, not outstanding, but good. The manager was very pleasant. :) I won't write The Stanton Social off though..I mean this is my first visit and I had some very amazing tasty things. I will have a follow up when I visit again and maybe it will go up a star. Always think positive. :)Heaven! Fit for a foodie and the service was perfect. My favorites were the old school meatballs, and Goat cheese peierogies. Delicious!Introduced to this place by the in-laws.  Thank You Angi and Justin!  We had a dozen plates and most were amazing!  The highlights include the french onion soup dumplings(as seen on "The Best Thing I Ever Ate on Food Network), chicken and waffles, kobe beef sliders, thai spiced baby back ribs, crab cake corn dogs!!  Will be going back next time we visit the city!!  Soooo Goooood!Donuts for dessert - order two!  Save yourself fighting for the last one!WEAR YOUR STRETCHY PANTS:Amazing plates, portioned perfectly for sharing. Fairly expensive but exceedingly satisfying.My favorite things on the menu are: The meatballs, eggplant Parmesan and the DOUGHNUTS. Save room for the doughnuts- DO NOT MESS THIS UP PEOPLE.The Stanton Social Tea is also an awesome drink. Loud music. Feel-good vibe. Good birthday / group spot. Couldn't imagine going here on a date- there's just too much deliciousness to be had for 2 people alone.Was taken here once for business, so unsure of the bill. Returned again for a 10-person birthday dinner- came to $40 each not including alcohol.I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE! In fact, I love it so much I'm almost tempted not to tell you because it's already insanely popular. We had a reservation for a Friday night, arrived on time, and had to wait 30 minutes for our table. But that was totally okay because they sent us upstairs to the bar area to mingle. Here we enjoyed the most delicious and interesting cocktails. Once we got our cozy booth we stayed there for almost 3 hours!! It seemed like everyone was just chilling at their table, casually drinking and eating. We were never rushed - it was fantastic. The food should be ordered to share and I recommend about 1 dish per person, maybe more if you are particularly hungry or not drinking.  The genre of food varies greatly from classic American to Asian to Mexican to exotic mixes of all the above. Seriously, try out this place and I guarantee you won't be disappointed.WOW!!!A "trendy" place that is consistently excellent!The food here is amazing.The staff, on the whole, very nice.The crowd varies, but ain't so bad.I recommend EVERYONE should eat here atleast once.It's just so good!!!!!I'll start off by saying that the food is unbelievably delicious. My girl friend and I must have ordered one of half the menu. I wish they had larger portions but I get the order of things.My one problem with this place was the professionalism. When we first got upstairs, we were told that we can sit somewhere temporarily until a more comfortable spot opens. Eventually, one spot opened and the waitress tells us that we can move into the booth only to come back two minutes later and advise us that there is another party coming in and they need the booth. It's not really a booth but it's the easiest way for me to describe it. Not only were we told to move but it was even into to a spot that was even more uncomfortable than the first. Who wants to be uncomfortable while eating?There are two reasons why they get three stars. First, because the food was flawless. Second, when my girl friend and I were about to leave, the waitress with long blond hair stopped us from leaving. The place was packed and she made sure that we got a spot that was nice and comfortable. She saved the day.Stanton Social is indeed very cool. What isn't cool, however, is making you wait 30 minutes for your table when you have a reservation. That said, we had some pretty good cocktails at the bar upstairs. Unfortunately, the upstairs doubles as a second dining room and becomes horribly crowded and unpleasant. Oh, and speaking of unpleasant, the hostess up there has quite the tude on her. Doesn't seem to understand the restaurant business is a service industry.Fortunately, once we got our table the meal was good. Not great mind you. But solid good. My recommendations being the french onion soup dumplings (which makes me only the billionth person to suggest it), the perogies (also not a shocker), and last but not least, the Kobe sliders with truffle cheese fondue (crazy good, and I believe a road less traveled).Also good was the Foie Gras.Things to skip IMO, the crab cakes. They were just eh. The bruschetta was also just okay. As were the meatballs.Prices are reasonable by NYC standards. The anemic number of bathrooms however, isn't.I was a bit disappointed when I came here last weekend. First, we were seated upstairs which I don't think is as nicely decorated as the bottom floor. We asked the waitress how many tapas we should order per person and she told us 2-3. HOWEVER, once the food came out, we definitely knew we had to order more. THE PICTURES ARE DECEIVING. The food here is TINY. I think that was all of our reactions when the food started rolling out. The tacos are literally an inch and a half wide and the philly cheesesteak can be finished off in two bites. The dessert however was amazing! The pumpkin pie sundae and the chocolate tasting are must-haves! But overall, definitely think this place is overrated.I'm not sure if I would come here again but I would definitely recommend the french onion dumplings, chicken and waffles, pumpkin pie sundae and chocolate tasting for first-timers!I had been wanting to try Stanton Social for a while and I finally made it to brunch there recently.  It was definitely worth the wait.  Some favorites:1) Kobe Philly - don't think, order, it's the best thing on the menu.  I was skeptical of the goat cheese (I like it in general, but on a Philly?), but it was absolutely fantastic.2) Short rib arepas - these were unreal, tons of flavor, but all perfectly balanced.  Word to the wise - eat it in one bite or it will fall apart all over the table and you will be sad that you didn't get more of it.3) Banana pancakes - exactly sweet enough, these pancakes are fluffy and wonderful.4) Breakfast bruschetta - I'm not a picky eater, but I am picky about eggs, and these were perfect.I was also a big fan of the pierogies, red snapper tacos, mac & cheese, and, of course, the famous French onion soup dumplings.  The drinks are also highly delicious and they have creative concoctions that will hit the spot, no matter what kind of mood you're in (I recommend the cranberry fizz).  The one miss were the chicken & waffles - not a fan at all, it was a highly average piece of chicken on a below average "waffle" (it was more like a weird blob of cooked dough than an actual waffle).Stanton Social is a great brunch spot, I can't wait to go back!I think I like everything about the Stanton Social.  Cool neighborhood, dozens of menu options, small portions for sharing, and strong cocktails.Visited here recently with a huge group for a work event, and had a great time.  We constructed our own prix-fixe menu, assuming guests would pick between the options for 1 appetizer, 1 entree, etc - but actually ended up being able to try everything, which pleased me tremendously.The French Onion Soup dumplings are a must - they might be one of my favorite foods. Salty, cheesy, creatively constructed - they're everyone's favorite.  We also tried:Red Snapper TacosChicken ArepasShort Rib Soft TacosVegetarian Ravioliand Lobster RollsThere really wasn't anything I disliked.  Red snapper tacos and lobster rolls were probably the crowd favorites.  For dessert, the fresh cookies are INSANE, and the warm doughnuts with chocolate, raspberry and caramel dipping sauces are fun too.The service wasn't the best I've ever had - the waiter forgot my drink order completely - but we did have a huge group of 15 people with a variety of drink demands.  Come with a big group for a special occasion, and everyone will have a good time and be able to easily find something they like.One of my all-time top choices in the city, always a great experience across the board.Recently went with a group of 11 friends for my birthday dinner, and though the experience was stellar overall, there were one or two "hiccups" if you wanna call them that. Preselected menu met my expectations even though I was nervous about having to select for everyone ahead of time.  Any time your party is over 10 people they make you do this.Favorites were potato and goat cheese pierogies, red pepper and goat cheese bruschetta, apple and brie quesadilla and chicken n' waffles (sweet / salty combination was awesome).Skip:- seasonal vegetable ravioli was only so-so- Chicken arepas were a little dry, nothing greatCons:- Felt fairly rushed at times.  next course was always right in your face before you could finish the previous one.   I knew the reason was because they needed the table for their next large party, but this is still no excuse!The staff got better as the meal progressed, however.- $4/person plating fee for the cake we brought was a bit of a downer given the amount of money we spent on food and drink, but I guess I'm not surprised as this is a pretty common practice. All in all everyone had a blast.  On the whole, service was on point and drinks/ambiance were stellar as I have come to expect.  Try the Walker Margarita!The atmosphere at Stanton Social has a really cool vibe to it. But the food was out of this world. If you must pick one thing out to try, go ahead and go for the burgers or sliders. And I can guarantee you that everything else you will try will be amazing as well. Also, this is a great place to bring a group of friends for a drink. A completely good night can be spent here from dinner to drinks.My husband, son and I went here today for a quick brunch while waiting for my mother-in-law in the city.  We ordered our food quickly because we were on a time schedule and for some reason, our food took forever to come out.  It turns out that the kitchen lost our ticket and our waitress didn't even realize it.  The manager noticed us waiting for such a long time and decided to go in the back and find out what was taking so long.They comped us some potato latkes and said sorry....very annoyed, considering the fact that both my son and hubby were still starving after eating their little plates and spending so much money on such small food.  Not amused...So promising but ended up being a waste of money.Potato and goat cheese pierogies with caramelized onions and truffle creme fraiche- These were pretty good.  It tasted as good as they sounded.French onion soup dumplings- I had high hopes for these.  Don't they sound amazing??  But they weren't... they actually left me wanting a real onion soup instead of this dry version that tasted less like onion soup and more just like... cooked down onions with dumplings.Stanton Social Beef Wellington- Filet mignon, foie gras mousse, mushrooms wrapped in puff pastry?  WHAT!  It was like they took everything I find delicious and threw it on a plate.  Sadly, like the dumplings, the flavors didn't come together the way I thought it would.BBQ duck confit and black bean empanadas- This was better than expected, so it was a nice surprise.  I didn't pick this dish, someone else did, but I think I ended up liking more than the others in the group.Even now, just thinking about it, everything SOUNDS good.  It just didn't translate into dishes that tasted as good.My first time here was this past week for a friend's birthday party.  It was bustling for a Tuesday night but they were very accommodating even though our whole party didn't show up until 30 minutes after the reservation.  The dining room is nice, a good atmosphere --- that balance between trendy/cool but not so noisy that you can't hear your neighbor.  We were not great fans of our waitress.  Maybe it was her reaction to our reaction that one slider costs $7.  Seriously? ONE slider?  To top it off, we got the sliders with cheese and jalapeno bacon, and they were just a grilled cheese with jalapeno bacon...No actual burger to be seen.  Tasty, but at $7 a piece, no way I would repeat that order. Sorry for the slider rant, but anyways, she was nice and attentive enough, but just not that waitress you just love.  The food was pretty good, but not exceptional.  We shared the short rib tacos, wild mushroom pizzette, butternut squash ravioli, chipotle shrimp.  It was a tasty meal but overall, not exceptional. The donuts were yummy! Red velvet twinkies were good too!This was my 4th time coming to Stanton Social, albeit after a lengthy gap since my last visit. I had previously been here with family, for a birthday party, on a date, and now added a night out with friends to the list. First lets get the grievances out of the way: the music in this restaurant is too damned loud. Sitting at my 5 person circular table, I could really only hear the people on either side of me, and that often proved a struggle. Its not because my friends have problems enunciating, its because the music in this place is too damned loud. I get that they are trying to create a vibe, and I thought their song selection was actually great. I like music as much as the next guy going for dinner and drinks, but there is a happy middle ground which Stanton Social WAY overshot. The music level is totally fine at Tao and Lavo, so I dont know who made the decisions here.On to the positives: the food! I had mediocre memories from past visits, but thought everything yesterday was great:-octopus salad: my favorite dish there. Octopus cooked perfectly and good flavors-seared foie gras: probably not my favorite example of SFG, but this dish is hard to mess up. delicious-west coast oysters: a little pricey but very good, and a great selection of dipping sauces -miso glazed mushrooms: warming and tasty-espresso marshmallow whiskey shot: great. even my sister who hates alcohol enjoyed it.Conclusion: 4*, but could be at 5 so very easily if they just turned the damned music downDelicious. The french onion soup dumplings are as fabulous as everyone makes them sound. Another favorite was the grilled cheese slider. Very small for $7 though :(Other dishes were solid (red snapper tacos, mac and cheese, meatballs, pancakes), but the above two are the highlights. Enjoy! The one subpar item we ordered was the egg and cheese slider.. way overpriced for the tiny, bland portion.Went with 3 other folks-- we ordered 9 tapas and were stuffed. Also 4 people fit comfortably in a booth... 5 might have been a little uncomfortable!Yum!  One of my top brunch spot choices particularly for catching up with my lady friends and/or channeling my inner Carrie Bradshaw.Gorgeous interior that immediately feels sophisticated and welcoming.  Well dressed clientele, particularly on a given Saturday or Sunday early afternoon.Brunch is great; SS is set-up for sharing with tons of small plates options.  Must Haves: warm donuts with caramel sauce (small, light warm fried balls of dough with a decadent gooey caramel frosting for dipping) and/or the caramelized banana pancakes. This weekend they had candied blackberry waffles on the menu which were ridiculous, with sugar-coated berries, blackberry syrup and perfectly cooked waffles.Savory dishes are also good but the highlight is definitely sweets; bacon, egg, and cheese biscuits are great with salt and vinegar chips, various egg benedict options and fish tacos are all solid choices.Brunch cocktails are good and strong; the mimosas are a perfect complement vs. a stronger cocktail which might compete with some of the more delicate flavors.Don't expect giant portions; for the waffles you get 3 tiny (but adorable) waffles but they are packed with flavor.  Come here for the cute bites, decadent sweet dishes and to have a fabulous NYC experience.  Make a reservation in advance for brunch on Open Table if you can or you may end up waiting.I came here for brunch several years ago and thought it was a great concept. Tapas-style and imaginative dishes stuck out in my memory much better than the typical omelet/pancakes place.Anyway, came here for dinner more recently. It was a great place for a large group (we had around 10 people). In fact, it looked like there were many tables with large groups. The tapas-style dishes were perfect for sharing and they tried to just bring out 10 portions of each dish we ordered. Extremely convenient instead of trying to calculate 2 orders of this or 3 orders of that.Everything on the menu sounded so intriguing and delicious that it was hard to choose. I really, really liked the red snapper tacos and the chicken and waffles. I didn't like the soup dumplings or pierogies or beef Wellington as much as I thought I should. The dishes kind of came out one by one, so it was like eating multiple very small courses. =PI had brunch at the Stanton Social and enjoyed it very much. The one thing you have to get is the French Onion Soup Dumplings. They're pretty awesome, and served in little escargot serving plates. Very innovative and cool.The atmosphere is trendy and nice. The dishes can be a bit small, I guess sort of tapas style so I would say to come with a party of about 4 in order to get the best variety without having to re-order many of the dishes.We stopped by Stanton Social to grab a drinks between drinking destinations (because we didn't want to be out of practice). Overall SS is good at what it does. They just need to card their patrons.The upstairs bar seems like the place where a guy in a black suit with no neck is hired just to check ID and turn away the unattractive. It has a dark, tight speakeasy vibe that puts you in the mood for a drink. The staff is clearly rushed and hurried, but the level of service doesn't suffer for it. The waitresses are small, quick and have very good balance. They are like cocktail ninjas. The bartender served our drink in less than 2 minutes (which is light speed in a craft cocktail lounge) and it was good. I figured they make it by the batch to save time, but I'm not complaining.The main downside of SS is the crowd. The lack of age was staggering. There are boys hanging out there that seem like they would be more comfortable in a sports bar or drinking in their parents basement. There are girls who couldn't even walk in their heels, teetering with every step and threatening to run into the cocktail ninja. Everyone was behaving themselves more or less so I guess it was fine, but I'm pretty sure someone should have been checking someone's ID before drinks were served. SS is a good place to grab a drink. Just bring your ID in case the guy in the black suit is there when you get there.Have fun.GLove love love this placeGreat music, great service, great food!!!!! Very trendy. Go there NOW.wow. just wow. I am so in love with this tapas bar. I believe we came here because a friend saw it featured on "Best thing i ever ate"the french onion soup dumplings were SO CRAZY. I guarantee it's like nothing you've ever eaten before. simply amazingthe kobe beef burger perfectly cooked as well. the thai spiced baby back ribs were tasty as well, but definitely the least memorable of the 3. this place is definitely not cheap...but it's well worth it!I've been to this restaurant numerous times and have always enjoyed my meal. The french onion soup dumplings are outrageous - I could eat those all day, all night. The pierogies are excellent too. Those are my two favorite dishes - although there are few other dishes that I don't like (of the veggie options). The service was fine, nothing to write home about. The food honestly came out too fast - too many plates on the table.I put in a request (via OpenTable) to have the donuts come out with a candle for my friends birthday. I confirmed the waiter knew - and he did. Next thing we know, the table is clear and they bring out plates and the donuts. We were never offered dessert so it was weird. Then they brought out something with a candle. It just should have been done in the opposite order. Bring the candled dessert first!!Nestled in the Lower East Side is a plethora of local community restaurants. Deciding where to go can be difficult, tastebuds can vary, but Stanton Social is one place where you can whet your appetite with a varied selection of tapas. The scene is small and cozy, tables slightly squished, decor is classy and hip. White painted brick walls, half-circled booth tables, dark wood-lacquered furniture, black tablecloth napkins. It's a great place to celebrate with a group of friends. If your group is large enough, there is a private room that you can reserve.I recently celebrated my surprise birthday party here. And I was treated to a very tasty selection of dishes:- Warm Doughnuts - These warm doughnuts were served fresh without a hint of staleness to it. Biting into all that airy and sugary goodness was delicious, but the caramel dipping sauce definitely heightened the sweet flavor just enough to make it a very enjoyable dish. - Croque Monsieur 'Satays' - definitely one of the better dishes of the bunch, maybe even my favorite. Inside these little bite-sized brioche bites were country ham, gruyere and meunster cheese, each served on a toothpick. It was almost like a gourmet grilled cheese sandwich, cheese nice and melty, ham warm and salty along with a subtle crunchy bread. Yum!- Potato Latkes with sour cream and apple sauce - These little fried fritters were crispy on the outside, potatoey on the inside. It was perfectly fried at the right temperature so oil was not absorbed into it. Light and flavorful with a healthy dollop of sour cream sauce and apple sauce made it almost refreshing. Fried food refreshing? Go figure, but definitely a crowd pleaser. It sort of reminds me of a tater tot.- Huevos Rancheros Soft Tacos - scrambled chorizo & eggs, black beans, 'salsa fresca', aged cheddar. It was a solid taco but fell short of amazing. It made for some sloppy eating as the ingredients kept falling out. There was a little too much egg in each taco, which overpowered the scant portions of chorizo. It could have also used some more salsa to give it a refreshing flavor. But, overall, an enjoyable dish but probably one of my least favorites.- Kobe Beef Burgers - These bite-sized slider type burgers filled with a plump and juicy kobe beef patty. Very pink on the inside cooked to about medium-rare, topped with a melty cheese (that I cannot recall). The bread bun was slightly buttered, making for a very tasty beef burger that I wouldn't mind eating a few of these. The side of salt & vinegar chips definitely helped to give the burger some crunchy texture.- Chicken n' Waffles - brick pressed chicken, aged cheddar waffle, corn pudding, and balsamic spiked maple syrup. I wasn't too particularly fond of this dish, maybe because this was the last dish and my stomach was about to burst. The white meat chicken was tender though could have been juicier by using the darker meat variation. The waffle was subpar, not really adding much to the dish, making it feel more like an afterthought, rather than a compliment to the chicken and sweet syrup.Stanton Social does, for the most part, serve some delicious dishes. The ambiance and good food make for a very enjoyable dining experience. I will definitely be back with my friends.If you really need to read yet another review on Stanton Social, read below:Get the Red Snapper tacos.The French onion dumplings are not a big deal. Skippable. Actually, they should just make a dish featuring the cheese on top. I'd eat that again.If you DON'T need to read yet another review on this place, then just go already! Seats are limited after 7pm, it seems like.I can't believe I haven't already written a review for this place. This has been one of my favorite staples in the city since I stumbled upon it after a long meeting two blocks away. I was super intimidated the first time to eat here alone, but this staff really has hospitality down pat, and hasn't deferred from that on any visit I've had. First let me start with the french onion dumpling sound. The cheese is gooey and melty and delicious. The soup itself comes out extremely hot, and the flavor is out of this world. Just perfectly seasoned, and absolutely mouth watering! The second favorite is the The Stanton Social Beef Wellington - HOLY WOW! The fois  gras mousse (I'm sure it was a mousse) with delicious mushrooms all surrounded by a delicious pastry make me want to book a flight just for dinner here.The sliders are all delicious. I love the lobster roll, and of course the kobe slider was to die for. For starters we always have the edamame, beef carpaccio, the sashimi of choice that week. Always amazing, and they do a really good time split between the apps and main dishes. I appreciate that attention to detail. Try and get here early, the place is a mad house the later it gets no matter which night of the week you're there. But that's good, right?I am so glad my friend chose to come here for dinner one night.  We had a late reservation on Saturday night, so we decided to come a little early and have drinks at the bar upstairs.  The bar area is small for the amount of people that were there, but the drinks were so worth being in such a confined area.   I had a few Strawberry Fields, without the lemon syrup.  It was an extremely flavorful drink that I only wish I could have consumed more of.This place is all about sharing.  I will list in order of what I thought was the best and so on....and I must say that this was hard to do because everything was glorious.Red Snapper Tacos - 3 tacos filled with delicious red snapper, avocado, and mango sauce.  It was the best taco I've ever had.Kobe Beef Burger - I don't eat beef, but my friend assured me that it would be worth trying, and it sure was.  The beef was so tender and juicy.  The best part of this was the BBQ sauce that drizzled over the succulent meat.Crabcake 'Corn Dogs' - I love corn dogs.  I love crab cakes.  Have them together and it's astounding!  I recommend they make the corn dogs bigger so that my taste buds can remain happy for a longer period of time.French Onion Soup Dumplings - I think I was told that I wasn't allowed to come to this place without ordering the dumplings.  I wasn't blown away, and that's probably because I am not a French onion soup lover; however, my friend loved them and they looked marvelous if nothing else.There are only two restrooms upstairs, so the line can get really long.  With as many people that dine at this place, they should look into renovating at least one more.I am definitely coming back here and I recommend it to anyone interested in having a fun night at a trendy restaurant while eating good food and sipping tasty cocktails!2 .5 stars......Its nice because of the atmosphere. It's big, it's trendy, pretty etc..... it's impressive and all that.The staff is rude though, but they always are at these type places. It's like it's a requirement.The food is just not that good. I was not impressed at all, infact, really disappointed with what I had. The mac and cheese isn't good , the only thing I liked was the way it was presented and the bread crumbs on top. and it's actually a decent amount of food for a small plate. but whats the point of having a lot of something that you don't like? And the lobster roll is all mayo, and it's super tiny. I didn't like that at all. But the homemade chips on the side, those were the best part of my meal. I don't remember the name, but the drink with the basil in it is really good. It's extremely loud and crowded in here....i think it would be fun with a large groupSooo New York! It was one of the first times I felt like I was at a real new york venue. ON some carrie status! I made reservations and got seated quickly. The decor was beautiful and the people were beautiful as well. Come with a large group. We had 6 in the party and they handled us well. Food was better than good but not amazing Dress your best you could find a hotter, sexier MR. Big hereI have been here several times and have had some great memories here; it is one of my favorites spots in the city. Great food and ambiance!! The only downside is that it does get crowded, but what do you expect?.. its a well-known, popular place. If you do have to wait, there is an upstairs cocktail lounge. Wonderful place to go on a date or to entertain a group!Ambiance: 5. Clubbish feel, crowded, celebrity sighting galore territory.  Stanton's two floor bar/club/restaurant is certainly a worthy spot for a date or a larger party of friends.Cost: 3. Tapas fairly priced, drinks priced $10+. You decide.Food Quality: 3. A few hits a few misses.  Red Snapper Tacos was the one really standout, but a lot of the tapas were unmemorable.  Meatballs disappointing. I understand tapas are small dishes but Stanton took this to the next level.  It sounds like this might be better food wise for brunch...Service: 3. Reservation was made ahead of time, but we had to wait `20-30 minutes past that time to actually sit down.  Once we did sit though service was great, came back often for drinks & water refills, and were more than accommodating to us ordering in waves.When to return: Date night.  Friends-night-out party.  When you actually don't want to eat but pretend like you're eating.My co-worker and I decided to go there without reservation on a Tuesday.  We waited a little bit (15-20 mins) and the we got seated at the back on the 2nd floor.  Aside the fact that this place is so popular, the staffs were super nice, friendly and very accommodating.  We ordered French Onion Soup Dumplings, Red Snapper Tacos and Hudson Valley Fois Gras.  Everything was really good!  The cocktails were strong and mixed very well.    Totally recommend this place.  Will definitely go back! :)Tonight's dinner at Stanton Social was everything I heard about and better. The LES restaurant's vibe was chic and cool starting with the comfy curvy booths. When it comes to my appetite I love to taste everything at least once, so the many options of tapas was music to my ears. I indulged on half of the left side of the menu. My favorites were the Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies and the Hand Pulled Chicken Arepas. Their famous French Onion Soup Dumplings lived up to all the hype. The service was good but not great because the waitress was not outgoing or friendly, although very attractive. Dessert was delicious. You must try the S'mores Crème Brulèe! If you want a dining experience with good friends and family in a hip restaurant then Stanton Social is the spot for you.Have been here quite a few times and am working my way through the dinner menu. Kobe sliders, pierogies, and crab cake corn dogs are my favourite. Most things on the menu are good, but some I wouldn't order again; the three I mentioned are repeat offenders. Come hither if you want a fun dinner/start of a night out. The upstairs is quieter if you want to go lowkeyTheir brunch is fantastic!!The last time I went the 4 of us ordered practically everything on the menu.Some of the highlights:-CHICKEN AND WAFFLES ARE A MUST.  Do you need me to repeat that?-All the sliders are delicious, don't overlook the grilled cheddar with jalapenos-Potato and Goat Cheese Pierogies (yes! truffled creme fraiche!)-The Spicy Lobster Benedict is not skimpy and comes with two decent sized chunks of lobster I think it was a small tail split in two.-Spicy Lamb Souvlakis, they're like little pieces of sushi, a big bite and they're goneSkip the French Onion Soup Dumplings, nothing special just lots of hype think french onion soup in little escargot plates (cute but that's it?!) and the pancakes and waffles are good but they're tiny.First time seated for a meal here. Recommended by a friend for a special girl's birthday get together. 8 beautiful girls + fancy cocktails = trouble. Our waiter Jesse was super accommodating; made sure our glasses were always full (+++) and that the food was portioned for eight. Let's see, what did we have ... tuna tartare, crabcake, the foie gras, skillet roast octopus, kobe beef burger, lobster roll, chicken n' waffles, mac n' cheese and the beef wellington. We also had the chocolate tasting and pumpkin pie for dessert. Talkin' about a meal! Yes, I had to cheat and look up the menu. You can't expect me to remember this all. Definitely will give this place another go.I came here on a Sunday night with my girlfriend because The Meatball Shop had an hour wait.  Here's what I got:French Onion Soup DumplingsGrilled Cheese Slider jalapeño bacon, fried green tomato, lemon aioliTo be honest, I'm glad I wasn't hungry to begin with.  The dishes are very small.  I mean yes it is a tapa spot.  But, most of the dishes are super rich and cheesy.  The atmosphere is cute.  We sat upstairs where they have a bar and open seating.  I'd come back to perhaps try a drink but I'm definitely never eating here again. Ps. Our service was terrible!  And it was pretty dead!Very crowded. Bar on second floor w/ a DJ plays a good mix of house n top  hits. There is a lounge area where people eat off to the side of the bar so every 5 -10mins theres a waiter pushing through with food. As far as the restuarant downstairs.  The best is to try a few tapas and share. Everything is fantastic. But I didn't like the French onion dumplings everyone raved about. The chocolate sampling dessert is more than enough to share and delicious (note it is heavy). Also got the chocolate shots and it's pretty good. I like chocolate but I don't crave and love and desire it like many so I maybe not the best to review the chocolate desserts. So if you made reservations, you will still wait about 20minutes. Its extremely crowded seating, and there's one unisex bathroom in the back. They do have coat check and the waitress I had was very helpful and friendly.I like Stanton Social. I've always had great service. I like the vibe and the decor. The cocktail list is interesting and the wine list is nice. I don't think the food is everything its cracked up to be, but they do have some good dishes. Its tapas style, so it gets expensive. Luckily I have a cool boss who is a foodie and likes to go other places other than steakhouses every time he comes to town. And lets face it I am a lush and will not pass up free food or booze ... Here is what we got last timeStanton Social Plateau - The lobster was huge, but who serves lobster without lobster crackers? We had to have the kitchen crack them open. Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies - These were very good and everyone liked them.French Onion Soup Dumplings - This dish was awful and smelled like feet...gross.Red Snapper Tacos - Solid. Good flavor and well cooked fishCrabcake Corn Dogs - Interesting, but just didn't do it for me. It looks like a corn dog, but tastes like a crabcake...Chicken n' Waffles -  They were fine, I just don't understand this combination.Shrimp & Grits - WINNER! Good flavor, spicy, get it.We also got dessert which was the absolute highlight of the meal, other than the shrimp and grits:Hot Chocolate Shot - who can pass up chocolate and bourbon?Donuts - Awesome.The Mint Sundae - Delicious, you can taste the real mint.The sliders look and smell amazing. I can't believe I've never ordered them. Next time...One of the most amazing meals ever!! Must have -- the French onion soup dumplings and the doughnuts!! Heavenly!!!I love tapas places, since obviously it allows you to try more things on the menu. The atmosphere is definitely trendy/upscale like all the other Yelpers are saying. I would definitely say that the french onion soup dumplings are completely out of this world. Really one of the best apps I've ever had. I could totally go for some right now. Next time I'm in the city, I will definitely have to come back.Here is what I ordered and shared:French Onion Soup Dumplings - Rhode Island Style Lobster Roll - 'Kobe Philly' - truffle & goat cheese fondue - 'Chicken n' Waffles'brick pressed chicken, aged cheddar waffle,corn pudding, balsamic spiked maple syrup - The Stanton Social Beef Wellington grilled filet mignon, foie gras mousse, and mushrooms wrapped in puff pastryAnd did I mention:  Maker's Mark Caramel Milkshake Shooters.Great restaurant! Great food! Tried the following:Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies: just average. Can take it or leave itFrench Onion Soup Dumplings: nothing special. wouldn't order againRed Snapper Tacos: really good. A must try. Had to order another oneHand Pulled Chicken Arepas: surprisingly good. The chicken was so juicy and tenderDuck Pizza: really goodThe Stanton Social Beef Wellington: another great dishLove the ambience as well. A great place to hang out and chill.I will begin with saying that my overall experience at Stanton Social has been amazing. I've been there twice and both times my party was extremely happy with the food, the timeliness of serving, the drinks, the whole package.But I will throw in that this past Saturday night, we were greeted by the most pretentious host I have ever come into contact with. He won't look/talk to you if he's fidgeting around on his computer, and will completely ignore you if you speak with him before he gives you the time of day. He asked me what my name was 3 times when I told him we'd be sitting by the bar, in case he called. I know it's hard for them to keeping everyone in mind, but for some reason, no host in my experience has ever been that terrible with remembering names. And if his one-worded answers aren't enough for you, beware the rolling of the eyes.And don't forget your ID at home, this will make morose doorman very angry and watchful once you're seated for dinner. He stalked my sister to make sure she wasn't having a drink with her dinner. Now, with this aside. Our waitress was wonderful, attentive, informed. We tried almost everything on the menu. The highlights were:Nori Spiced Tuna Tartare Roll: Small bites of wonderful, meaty, tuna flavorThe spicy miso glazed edamame: I know it's just edamame, but I don't think I've ever sucked dry the peel to get every single ounce of sauce onto my tastebuds. My sister and I wondered why nobody ever thought of dressing edamame with more than just salt and lime before.Beef wellington: Doughy, cooked juuust right, tender and flavorfulFrench Onion Soup Dumplings: Don't. Miss. This.And please, for the sake of your sweet tooth, please try the doughnuts. Have just one, dip it in all three sauces, and tell me what you think.OK, I can't write every single thing I've tasted but these were the ones that stood out in my mind.PS Drinks were perfect too.So I FINALLY ventured to the SS after much hype from my  youngest sister who has been DYING to try their French Onion soup dumplings (since they were on the Food Network 'Best Thing I Ever Ate'). We get a table promptly... it's a very chic place and the staff very friendly. Our waiter was great making suggestions and not bad to look at.  Seems like a lot of pretty people work there... Hey! You eat with your eyes first right?!Anyway, we ordered 4 dishes; snapper tacos (which were TEEENY TINY) - be warned!, the dumplings, chorizo mac & cheese and chicken and waffles.I have to say I think the mac and chicken were my faves, the snapper my least fave and the dumplings in the middle.  These are sharing plates so be prepared. The mac and chicken were a bit more substantial.  Overall the food was pretty good. I don't think I'll be running to go back.  I've been told I was there once for brunch and it seems familar looking at some menu items; but this review is based on my dinner, so no comment on anything else.DIsappointed. The breakdown of the dinner menu for 2: Calamari - decent, but not spectacular by any means. Didn't have much crisp to the batter and a little oily for my taste.Fries - herbs add a nice touch, and pretty fresh, but tasted like just fries for the most part.Crabmeat corn dogs - mushy. The batter on the outside dips headfirst into a creamy sauce in the serving bowl when it comes out, making your first bite really soggy.  Crabmeat is oddly... ambiguous. I'd pass and try something else.Kobe beef slider - wow, for $7, this is like a slider bite. Super tiny. And not so tasty.Butternut squash and sweet potato ravioli - now, THIS was the standout dish of the night and lived up to the good things I'd heard said about Stanton.  Delicious sweet filling, with candied nuts sprinkled on top and a sauce that really goes well with the sweet.  Three ravioli pieces only for $15 though was steep.Ambience was really nice, staff was great, but for what you pay, I really don't think it was worth it. Might want to try it once to check out the buzz, but the food isn't its selling point, at least for this visit.Only for the desert.and maybe brunch. ( 3.5 stars )I came here on Valentine's Day for a Girls-date-night-out and all of us absolutely loved the food!It's tapas style, hence not a place to really EAT, but rather a place to drink and foster great conversation. Most people order 2-3 plates per person and it'll quickly add up, considering that Stanton Social is a classy, dim-lit, romantic restaurant that serves only quality food.Every dish is almost like an original artistic piece. We ordered:Warm piquillo pepper bruschetta- comes with roasted garlic goat cheese. It's INCREDIBLY creamy, so it's good that they only served it in small quantities, which also keeps you wanting more. Taste: 4/5Red snapper tacos- comes with avocado and spicy mango. One of my personal favorites out of everything that I ordered! Too bad the portions are only bite sized! Taste: 5/5 French onion soup dumplings- also one of my favorites! there's a REASON why all the other yelpers have recommended this! It's smothered with cheese all over the top; definitely not like your average dumpling in which all the goodies are wrapped on the inside. Advice: eat the dumpling WHOLE. That way you can get a taste of all the juices inside, which is one of the best part! Taste: 5/5.Butternut squash and sweet potato ravioli- topped with vanilla brown butter and candied pecans, so don't be fooled, this ravioli is SWEET! More like a warm dessert rather than a savory dinner-type dish. Probably a reason why they served this dish last. Taste: 3/5.Foie gras- on top of toasted brioche topped with pistachios and spiced kumquat jam. I would have liked it better withOUT the kumquat jam. The tangy zing from the jam tasted like sweet, sour orange peels. But on top of my savory foie gras, it just didn't go well together. I praise their creativity and boldness, but taste: 3/5.Crabcake slider- with BBQed onion & mango slaw. The onion taste may have been a bit overbearing on the crabcake, but overall taste: 4/5Lobster roll- like a hot dog but instead of a wiener in the middle, you have savory bits of lobster in creamy form. Okok, ALSO one of my favorites. Taste: 5/5.  Note: these dishes ranged from $7-$14 each. Super pricey!Lastly, if you like fruity drinks, definitely get the pineapple martini! In fact, all their drinks are beautifully made. I could understand why they were $13 each!The service wasn't incredibly good. The waiter lacked eye contact, as if his mind was always elsewhere. Hence, we didn't get the warm, attentive server that I would have expected at a place like this. The loud, house music added to the bougy club scene. You'd really have to be a bit buzzed to enjoy it though.Apart from the stuffy entrance full of coats and angry customers complaining about waiting too long to be seated, The Stanton Social is the perfect place to start your night. I wish we had something similar in SF. We made a reservation days before and had to wait about 45min to be seated. Just when we were walking out, the hostess apologized for the wait and took us upstairs. I was actually pretty happy we didn't sit next to the stinky coats and went upstairs. Upstairs was very trendy with tables and a lounge area with a bar. The music was awesome! I wish we were that hip with music in SF, but were just not..It was a lot of lounge + house + top 40 mashups...Very fun.. We started eating around 11:30-12ish. What I enjoyed the most was the beef carpaccio, sliders, and the tacos.The manager gave us two plates on the house because we waited so long, which was very nice. As for drinks, my favorites were the Amiguita's Old Fashioned with Don Julio Reposado, cranberry compote, orange, lemon, bitters and also the Blood Orange with jalapeño Margarita jalapeño-infused with Milagro Reposado, blood orange juice, fresh lime, and Cointreau. Don't have too many, you still want to go dancing..I have four words for dinner-goers. GET. THE. MILKSHAKE. SHOTS. They are 90 proof Maker's and caramel ice cream. Just do it. They are $3 and full of awesome. You can't lose. Get two rounds even. I've been here twice now. Once for dinner for a Gilt City deal and once for brunch. Highlights for me for dinner were the pierogies and chicken arepas. The rest was good, but not sure if I would be willing to pay the price for it without the deal. The famed French Onion Soup Dumplings were not that soupy. I was expecting it to be Asian dumplings style. But the gruyere on top was yummy. For brunch, we were recommended the banana pancakes, which were delicious. I also loved the lobster benedict, which had a huge chunk of lobster. They did not skimp.  Attire is fairly casual and the ambiance is laid back. You would feel comfortable here in jeans. Just like with Beauty and Essex, they are REALLY quick with bussing the tables. I guess this moves the diners along more? For brunch we got seated by the bar area in the highest floor, which was great because that is really the only part of the restaurant that gets good light, and the day we went was a beautiful day. Not my favorite brunch space but will recommend as a fun place to try for brunch if you're feeling like small plates.Def a hot spot.Stanton Teas, Chicken and Waffles, and pretty people.A friend recommended this tapas restaurant for dinner, so I made reservations for us for my birthday dinner. We arrived a bit early for the 7:15 reservation and were promptly seated upstairs, near the bar area. The server recommended we choose about two dishes per person, but we stuck with five because six or seven dishes would have been way too much.We got:- Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies: caramelized onions, truffle creme fraiche ($9)- Ahi Tuna Poke: crispy wonton, avocado, fresno chili ($15)- Hand Pulled Chicken Arepas: jalapeno salsa verde ($10)- Maryland Jumbo Lump Crabcake 'Corn Dogs' ($13)- 'Chicken n' Waffles': brick pressed chicken, aged cheddar waffle, corn pudding, balsamic spiked maple syrup ($19)The pierogies were deep fried, which was interesting. I thought pierogies are normally boiled potato dumplings. I loved it though. The ahi tuna poke was also delicious. Little mounds of tuna tartare placed upon wonton chips with a slice of chili pepper and a bit of avocado to glue the morsel to the plate. The arepas were also good, though tricky to eat. There was a pile of hand pulled chicken on each arepa, so I essentially started eating half the chicken by itself so the pile wasn't so high. The crabcake corn dogs were probably my least favorite. I didn't see anything that special about them and the corn meal covering was soft and not crispy like a traditional corn dog. The chicken n' waffles were good, though that was my second to least favorite. The chicken alone was not that flavorful -- you definitely needed to coat it a bit with the balsamic syrup. The waffle definitely had the corn taste, but I didn't get too much aged cheddar from it. Service was incredibly fast. I think we were in and out of the place in 35 minutes. Pretty impressive for a restaurant like that. I later found out that we were part of the early dining crew. I guess most people show up around 9pm because it later turns into a lounge.This place was a complete joke. We made reservations for 8:45 and at 10pm they still did not seat us. The hostess kept trying to shove us to the bar upstairs. The place was FILLED with bachelorette parties and tons of 20 yr old girls in packs. We left.. I don't wait over an hour for a table anywhere. There are too many restaurants in the city to go to that will treat their customers with respect.We waited for one hour and fifty minutes for a 930 reservation on a Saturday night.  but they were great. They brought is three appetizers for free to make up for it.Food was great, Everything was delicious,pierogies were my favorite. chocolate tasting tray was good, but I would of went with something else. too much chocolate.it is a younger crowd. Music is loud and the scene is hip and cool.The whole area is mid twenties. may not be for anyone over 30. not good for a business meeting due to the noise.What really highlights this spot is their excellent service. Attentive waitstaff. Great cocktail selection. Very impressive.The Sweet & Sour Chicken & Cashew Spring Rolls were a pleasant surprise. Alliteration never tasted so good.I felt it was very overpriced. The kobe beef sliders, french onion soup dumplings, and spring rolls were amazing, but everything else was mediocre. I'd still give it 3-4 stars, but...THE MUSIC. Far too loud! They didn't turn it down at all. I had to yell to the people five seats down. Kept ordering water because it hurt my throat to talk over the music. I even had to raise my voice to order food. It gave me the biggest headache. You'd think that they'd let people have good conversation, but no, it was just too loud.That being said, the wait staff was EXCELLENT and they did have some good dishes. I'd go back if I had a few extra bucks, but maybe on a weeknight, when I'm assuming they aren't catering to the bar with their loud music.A 8pm reservation on a Tuesday night became an extra forty minute wait. A very full house for a early week. Maybe I am getting older and have no patience for waiting in lines nor fond of crowds; nevertheless I was anticipating good food. Was it good food? I'd say, food for 'show' but not for the 'soul'. Hey, that rhymes.Yes I know what I was in for. Tapas, aka small plates. I know. 2 out of the 8 tapas are actually worth commending.Warm Piquillo Pepper 'Bruschetta' stuffed with roasted garlic-goat cheese $7. Two pieces of sad bread. Sad? The foundation of Bruschetta (to me) comes from quality bread with great texture and density. Plus, a crunchy bite. It was dabbled with garlic-goat cheese and whole roasted red pepper. My taste buds weren't dazzled from the combination.Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies with caramelized onions & truffle creme fraiche $9. This dish consist of three pierogies that was recommended by our server. A fried outer shelf filled with creamy cheese. I enjoyed this and was content. And I'm not big on pierogies.Beef Carpaccio- pickled shallot, fried capers, wholegrain mustard-crème fraiche $13. Thinly sliced beef and overly salted. Pickled shallot, capers and sea salt; all in one dish is asking for your blood pressure to please go up higher. Nevertheless it was nicely presently, and the plate was cleaned up in minutes.Sweet & Sour Chicken & Cashew Spring Rolls $9. Four rolls for 9 bucks, REALLY? Not the most memorable and least tastiest. Served piping hot, wrappers weren't as crunchy as I would liked and filling was not bold as I hoped. Sprinkled with lots of bits of cashews.Nori Spiced Tuna Tartare Roll $13. Can you go wrong with Tartare? Nicely executed dish. Seasoned tuna wrapped in a light crispy nori. Enjoyable.Social Mac & Cheese - chorizo, ovendried tomato $12. Literally a serving cup of mac and cheese. Nicely plated. Well done crusty cheese and creamy cheese center. But not for $12. That's just robbery.Grilled Ovendried Tomato Pizzetta fresh mozzarella, grana, roasted garlic, chile oil $14. The most expensive tapas and biggest dish turned out to be the most ridiculously disappointing. Mama Celeste will be so proud, she might jump out of the box and kill this dish. The Pizzetta has an ultra thin crust without the consistency of a pizza dough but very similar to a large stale cracker. The toppings didn't shine, with mediocre ingredients. For me, pizza is about the dough and fresh ingredients. Neither were executed properly. Thumbs down. Super down.Rhode Island Style Lobster Roll $9. One lobster roll, and the server makes it very clear. Miniature bun in refreshing blend of celery and spices. (If you're willing to dish a little more money out for a lobster roll, I recommend Pearl Oyster Bar, yes its pricey but if you got yourself a couple more of these minis, it'd cost you more and be a big mistake. Trust me.Out of respect for food blogging, I mentioned all 8. There are many more dishes on the menu. I'm sure there are great ones but in conclusion I'd opt out on this place if I was famished and impatient. I am most of the time. These are tapas, so definitely don't hope to be stuffed if you're willing to pay a big premium. Very Appropriate to go with friends to catch up and have drinks and people watch. If you don't mind the crowd and noise, give this a try. Decor is invitingly trendy and busy.After dinner, we had to stop at a Thai restaurant for some more grub... (I am not recommending readers to go on a second dinner, but didn't I say I was famished.)I came here with two out of town friends when we really wanted to just go to Beauty and Essex - there was a party there so we took the advice of the bouncer and went to Stanton Social. It was nice that there was a coat check that would take all of our stuff. Unfortunately the place sorta smelt like cheese and the crowd was pretty cheesy.two stars for the following - Great musicAMAZING CosmosI hear the food here is amazing. I'll have to come back and try it.Not overrated at all. Everything was inventive and delicious.My favorites were - lobster sliders - Goat cheese pierogies with truffle creme fraiche.(looks like dumplings)I also got and liked- french onion dumplings (very cheesy)- red snapper tacos (kind of spicy)I was ehhh on the butternut squash ravioli.2 girls, 5 dishes, $70 before tax. Trendy.Really loved this place. The tapas were delicious- they had a lot of variety & I had trouble picking which ones to get because I wanted to try all of the dishes.Also to note- they had a very good selection of wines. Our server was helpful in pointing out her recommendations.Pretty pricey for the LES area, but definitely worth a visit.I love coming to Stanton Social, but I always need to make time for it.Walking into Stanton Social, you will be hit by a crowd of people walking in from the bar upstairs as well as people trying to but down their names with the hostess or waiting to be seated. I recommend never coming here without a reservation.After giving our names to the hostess, she asks up to wait at the bar upstairs. I walk up to the bouncer who seems to have just refused two rather unfortunate looking people. Inside, the bar is even more crowded than downstairs. Getting a drink is a challenge, but we do so. Their signature gimlet is amazing. It takes about a half hour for one of the hostesses to get you your table.The dining area of SS is loud, dark, and fabulous. Though there are lots of people, it's easy to focus on your company. The menu is sort of tapas style, where you get a little bit of everything. I recommend the following dishes: yellow fin tuna with avocado was to die for; oysters, spicy lamb souvlaki, the beef wellington, and the fries. Also, their entire dessert list is amazing. It was hard not to pick everything. The waiters stagger bringing out the dishes so you get to savor everything.Overall, packed and crazy, but the food is so worth it.Went to a friend's birthday party here over the weekend and it was amazing.  We all had the prie fix menu and I was blown away.  Everything they offered was flavorful and beautifully prepared. The drinks were strong, the ambiance and decor was great, and the service was prompt and friendly.  Even though we had a lot of people with us (20+) we were seated very nicely and all had a great time.Highly recommended!A friend and I were visiting NYC for the weekend (coming from Boston) and I had made reservations for this place in search for some good tapas.The atmosphere is nice and pretty romantic, everything was candlelit.  For the section that we sat in, the tables were very close together so we ended up overhearing conversations from our neighbors (and probably vice versa).  The funny thing about that is we ended up making new friends with our neighbors and partied the rest of the night with them!The menu options looked very promising, but the quality of the food was a bit disappointing.  Some of the better dishes in my opinion were the French onion soup dumplings, the warm piquillo pepper bruschetta, and the Stanton Social sliders.  The Social mac & cheese was pretty decent too, but I'm a mac & cheese fiend.The highlight of my overall experience here was really about the classy ambiance and social environment that the Stanton Social provides.  I think in the future, I would probably come back here solely for pre-dinner happy hour drinks as opposed to a full dinner service.Long overdue but.......If you do not like crowds, either pass this place up or get a reservation for 5:30 as the space becomes truly packed whether you're waiting for your reservation downstairs at the host stand or up stairs(one flight) at the bar.Very inventive cocktails so don't go for your typical "go to" drink and give one on the speciality list a shot.If it's your first time, please ask the server what would be a good amount for the table and then base your decision on how hungry the party is.  Can always order more as the night goes on but on one visit the manager approached us with an offer for a drink upstairs to open up the table.  We did consistently order throughout the night and were more than understanding.  Truth be told it was so crowded upstairs that we passed on the free drinks(I know......I would be disgusted with me too) but couldn't help but appreciate the offer.Anyway, few dishes that I would highlight are -PierogiesFrench Onion Soup DumplingsYellowfina Tuna SashimiRed Snapper Tacos - my favorite of the nightSliders - Pick whichever tickles your fancyWasabi Pea Crusted SalmonChicken n Waffles - interesting take but pretty goodCan get up there in price if you get caught up in the night(which I always do......sorry to my fiance) but well worth it if you have yet to try.***Handicap accessible and ramp down to the main dining room.  Be sure to let the host know if making the reservation over the phone***Small space for people who go in groups, so I highly suggest not to go with a big group. Good place to just hang out with friends though with some food chat a little.what a great date. if only, the music weren't so damned loud. yes, i am getting older. yes, my hearing is going out. yes, I do prefer dinner conversation over seeing and being seen. cut your hair and turn that noise down! (well, no one actually needed a haircut here.... infact, everyone was rather snazzily dressed and sporting rather hip 'dos.)the food, however, was lovely! ordering tapas style is the way i need to live my food-consumption life! How could you disagree with ordering a little bit of everything so you can overwhelm your tastebuds in one go-at-it-meal? this is exactly how dinner-dates should be: sensory overload (in a good way of course, don't overload on bad stuffs.... like disgust or filth.... but lucky you (well, me, actually, cuz i was the patron), you won't find those nasty things here!)the verdict? keep the man, cut the music, keep the foodOK food, great ambiance. We weren't too impressed with the gluten free dishes, but to their defense, that's not exactly the type of food they're known for. Our favorite thing on the gluten free menu was the red snapper taco - very yummy and very small. Wish we had just ordered a bunch of those rather than the other things we tried.  The place is narrow and long. It was extremely packed, took forever to get seated and we were seated at a tiny table RIGHT next to two other couples, so it was pretty....cozy? The drinks were strong and it was definitely a hip, trendy spot. We had a good time, but left kinda hungry.Delicious.Interesting environment and food. Drinks were so so, food was above average about a 3.5 but he ribs pushed it to a 4. Heads up the lighting is very dark on the 2nd floor.nothing much I can say.  place was a bit overcrowded, music was really loud that I could barely hear my conversation with my cousins I went with.  Everyone I was with ordered food, and we were supposed to sample each other's food.  Apparently the servings were a bit disappointing.  I was still hungry afterwards, so I ended up going to mcdonalds.  at the end of the night when we split the bill with 8 other people, I ended up paying atleast 80 bucks (40 for me, and 40 for my wife), and all I had was half a mushroom (half the size of a US quarter), 1/4 slice of a meatball, 2 tacos (pretty small), half a slider (smaller than a white castle burger) and 2 French onion soup dumplings (about the size of a marble covered in cheese), and alots of water.  I wanted to get some drinks, but I couldn't justify 13 dollars.  in the end, I spent 40 bucks for food that can fit in an engagement ring box, trying to have a conversation with relatives, i'm well hydrated, and I ended up spending another 8 bucks at mcdonalds to satisfy my hungry.maybe i'm just not hip/trendy enough to spend that kind of money...What a horrible experience!! My husband & I along with 2 other couples, came here about 3-4 weeks ago over Labor Day weekend. We had been trying to get reservations for weeks & figured on a slower NYC weekend, while everyone was out of town, we would be able to get a table. We had 10pm reservations. We arrived at 9:45pm. Our party was 2 people short than the original reservation. When we originally called the day before to book a table, we were told it would be better to say we were more people as it is easier to remove people from a table than add. When I arrived, I let the male host know that our party was here in full & we were two people short. Prior to my arrival, our friend also let him know we would be 2 short. We were told to go upstairs to the bar & the table would be ready shortly & someone would come get us. About 45 minutes later, my husband went downstairs to see why we had not been seated. We were told that we never checked in so they gave our table away. When I came downstairs see what was going on & the host realized I did check in he said we were not here in full so they were waiting for the other 2 people to arrive. He had a very bad attitude, basically making us feel like we were nobody special & since this is the "it" restaurant of the moment, he didn't care. After a little bit of arguing, he told us our table would be ready soon. Another 30 minutes passed with no table. Finally another hostess came out to seat us apologizing for the mess & as soon as we were seated, a manager came over with 2 appetizers for us to eat - she apologized for the miscommunication & said she could imagine how hungry we were. We were squeezed into a table that was obviously meant for 4 people, even though we were 6. The restaurant was insanely packed & the tables are so close together that the waiters have to maneuver through the chairs to serve each table. We ordered about 10 different dishes off the menu along with drinks. The food was okay. Nothing FANTASTIC. Our friends & I travel to the city frequently to dine at all types of restaurants. We had heard rave reviews about the food here. Maybe it was just the bad experience with the hosts that left a bad taste in our mouth. We will never come back here. The pretentious attitude of the staff in the front of the house was disgusting. If the host would have at least taken accountability for the fact that he made a mistake by not checking us in or listening to us, maybe things would have worked out differently.Cute spot.  We scored a seat upstairs in the lounge for dinner around 8pm and by 9pm the place was packed!The doughnuts were oddly magical and I normally hate doughnuts.The restaurant is situated in the popular Lower East Side neighborhood and pretty easy to find. It's generally considered a "hot spot" and gets pretty busy after 7. The downside is that there have been occassions where my meal has felt rushed; they definitely like to move things along. The bar scene is generally okay, but not as impressive as one might think. The crowd tends to be younger-- 20s and early 30s.The menu consists of small plates, basically tapas, that two people can share. Their menu is expansive-- examples include fish tacos, their iconic french soup dumplings (excellent), duck salad, sliders, chorizo and poblano mac and cheese (excellent as well), arepas with pulled chicken and a sun-dried tomato pizette. The quality of their food is very good. Overall, a good choice; I would suggest capping dinner off with tasty ice cream from the Big Gay Ice Cream shop.For those of you new to my reviews, I'll let you in on a little secret: I like small plates. What better way to get to know a place than to try many items instead of one or two? When I heard that Stanton Social specialized in small plates I knew I had to give it a shot. I called around noon asking for a reservation for that evening and got the dreaded Before 6pm or after 10pm answer. We decided to do the pop in around 7pm and take our chances. Lo and behold, we were seated right away. One look at the menu and I knew we made a wise decision - EVERYTHING sounded fantastic. For two, we ordered the following:-Essex Street Pickles from The Pickle Guy (c'mon, I HAD to try the pickles!-Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies-Sweet & Sour Chicken & Cashew Spring Rolls-Pumpkin & Goat Cheese Croquettes-Meatballs w/ Basil & Ricotta-Butternut Squash & Sweet Potato Ravioli The Spring Rolls and the Ravioli were the definite standouts but everything ranged from good to great. I kind of wished we ordered another meaty item (eg. chicken n' waffles or the steak & tots) but overall I would highly recommend checking out Stanton Social if you're in the mood for sharing. Remember kids, sharing is caring.Edit RemoveWent here with my husband for an early drink + apps.  Overall nothing special for us on an otherwise memorable day.  Service - I indicated to the staff that this was our anniversary and I had a fabulous out on the town day planned, this was supposed to have been one of our cool stops.  Our reservation notes did nothing for us and we were placed in between other loud couples, not next to each other and when asked about another possible location - we were told no way.  I said that we weren't staying that long, but they still wouldn't move us to another more intimate place and the restaurant was fairly empty when we arrived (AND when we left).  Server was rather busy and didn't really recommend nor explain things. Food - Meh, between 3 and 4 stars.  Actually somewhat disappointing, some nice presentations but not melt in your mouth anything. I have to say that their other restaurant Beauty & Essex (which seems to have deteriorated since I went in January) was superior on all fronts.  At B & E we had amazing, attentive service, to die for food and drinks.  So, overall, rather disappointed here.I went to The Stanton Social last week while in New York with a few girlfriends. We all adored the food and ambiance! They seated us in one of their big comfy booths which was perfect for the three of us, yet could seat 5-6. It's a tapas place, which means we were able to try a whole bunch of dishes (we loved them all) We tried the bruschetta, zucchini tempura, roasted beets, apple & brie quesadilla, squash ravioli and mini doughnuts for dessert. The staff was friendly, the ambiance was great and the food was scrumptious!We all vowed to return on our next trip to NYC. You should go too.The GOOD:Food and atmosphere is awesome. I've been here 4 times now and tried a good portion of the menu. Most dishes are delicious and only a few missed the mark. Highly recommend the red snapper tacos, chicken arepas, and french onion soup dumplings. Additionally, the pizzettes are underrated mini slices of joy in my opinion.The BAD:Quite pricey and the bill can definitely add up quickly here. Also, this is not a place you can pop over on a whim since you definitely need a reservation (I do like that they're at least on opentable).The UGLY:Service is usually good here, but the last time I went the waitress at the bar took our drinks away before we were even done drinking them. We also had to wait for half an  hour for our credit cards back after we paid. Expectations were definitely not managed properly here and there was hardly any apology for the wait.I came here for my birthday with a big group and loved it so much that I came back the next night on a date.  Everything I tried was fantastic.  The food, the cocktails, and the ambiance are all great.  It gets pretty busy so I'd try to make a reservation and not come here if you're trying to have a serious conversation or do a business deal.Try the cocktail with the Hendrick's Gin - I don't remember the name but it was really great.  Also, the chocolate peanut butter dessert was sooo yummy.I loved it here! We were looking to avoid having a crazy St. Patrick's Day and walked right into The Stanton Social and had our hearts set on having a few drinks and a dessert or two. After staring at the menu for a few minutes, we scratched everything and decided to have dinner ... even though we weren't the hungriest girls on the planet. I'm so glad we changed our minds! We ordered several dishes but the stand out for me was the Octopus. So many times I've gone to places and it's been overcooked, but at Stanton it was done perfectly. The broth was spiced and not too salty, the chorizo in there was like icing on the deliciousness happening in the little plate. Dessert was excellent as well. Yes, the warm doughnuts are okay but the Mascarpone cheesecake with blueberry compote was where I sighed into my spoon. The ambiance was cute, although the tables were WAY too close together, as was proven by the woman sliding in beside me who spilled a drink that was on the table to the other side of her. Our waitress was lovely, helpful and attentive. She had suggestions and recommendations so that was nice. However, several times when others would come by they poured water with such urgency that it spilled all over our food, and they dropped plates so quickly they almost slid off the table. I'm going to attribute that to it being St. Patrick's Day though, and give The Stanton Social a solid 4-star.I'd come here on a date, with friends, and with my parents so it's kind of awesome.This place is great for a night out AFTER dinner.  However, if you are looking to eat a meal please look elsewhere.  Went with a large group of good friends and the portions were small and most likely served as a sampler. I could tell that this was a popular place as it was packed and the line was out the door.  The price however is about right for NYC so the night was not that terrible at all.  Can't critique on a full dinner service from what I have been hearing but dinner as a large group/party is a no go.My girlfriend had made reservations here for a double date, on a Friday night. And based on the waiting time even with our reservation, I told myself, "this place must be pretty damn good." Never had a Guinness in a wine glass before, but I guess anything is possible at The Stanton Social. We enjoyed our drinks prior to getting seated at our table.Once we got seated....it was Slider Paradise. We had ordered a vast array of sliders, including the Kobe Beef, Jalapeno, and Philly Cheese. My girlfriend, especially, who had wanted to try out these sliders for quite some time, loved the Kobe Beef. The Kobe Beef Slider, unquestionably, stole the show.I loved the Lobster Ravioli and the Lobster Rolls. Both were very, very delicious.Service was wonderful even with the packed house. I would come back here for the Sliders alone, without question. Two thumbs up!Been here for brunch and dinner. Brunch favorite: huevos rancheros and the lobster eggs benedict. Waffles and pancakes were also tasty but very sweet. Dinner: chicken and waffles all the way. The chicken is tender and juicy, prepared perfectly. Red snapper tacos were good, but I've had better fish tacos in far less expensive places(Mahi Mahi is a favorite for these). The french onion soup dumplings were nice, but al little stiff on the outside (coming recently back from China these don't hold up to the ridiculous dumplings I recently had). They will recommend 5-6 platters for 2 people (brunch and dinner). Start with 4 - we did and had left overs.It was ok - wouldn't go back soon. Rather overpriced and their "star" items are nothing to write home about.Love the food and the atmosphere...Came here with Paul H. one rainy night to check this place out. Neither of us had ever been here before, and I have to say I was pleasantly surprised.You immediately notice the high ceilings and beautiful lighting- it's a really nice space. It provides an intimate ambiance that makes it comfortable to enjoy your meal and conversation. Our server was very polite and friendly. Made a lot of good suggestions for us to try. The way the menu is set up is that everything is tapas styled ( I love tapas.)! We tried the French Onion Soup Dumplings. If you really like French Onion Soup (I do) you need to order this, it's one of their best sellers. They come out on dishes that look like escargot dishes with about 6 pieces. We also had the Red Snapper Tacos which were very fresh. The Baby Spinach Salad was a nice zesty break in our meal. It was a good portion and easy to split. The salad had little pieces of corn to make it sweeter. Lastly, the Hudson Valley Foie Gras came out. I really like Foie Gras, so these bite sized morsels left me wanting more. To finish off a nice meal, we ordered the warm doughnuts with various dipping sauce. These were a nice touch, as they were warm, soft, and sugary without being too sweet. Overall I enjoyed coming here. Will be back in the future, maybe with a group so we can order one of everything!I'm not sure why it took me so long to review this place. I've been going here intermittently since it opened a few years ago and every single time I ask myself why I don't come here more often. It's decidedly not cheap but certainly worth every penny, if only for the french onion soup dumplings!  Did I mention I hate french onion soup yet adore the dumplings? So true! Stanton Social made me a believer!I also recommend the pierogies, the spring rolls and of course the red snapper tacos.This is a great place to come with your friends, share some plates, get obnoxiously drunk and then move on to the much more affordable bars in the area to continue the night. Enjoy.I enjoyed myself here, great company, but it is not the kind of place that I will be hurrying back to. Good food: I ordered the French Soup Dumplings because I had seen all the fuss here on yelp an the crusty filet mignonette, which were especially nice. The rest was ok. Music is very loud for a restaurant. To the point that conversation is kind of a challenge. And it is supposed to be a cool lounge/spot for drinks after dinner, but not so much. They have that 'guys in white shirts and girls in short skirts' thing going on, but the vibe was kind of weird, almost happy-hour like. Meh. Gets three points because it didn't suck.As we sat down at this place and started enjoying the tapas, the ambiance, the drinks and the service .. I was leaning towards a 4.5/5 for this place but the deserts (more later) was just the thing needed to push the ratings to a 5. The drinks They were great and different - we tried the Basil Lime Gimlet (Belvedere Vodka, muddled basil, lemon syrup, fresh lime)  and the Social Tea (Ketel One Citron, gunpowder green tea, orange-honey marmalade) . Both were very fresh and different from the usual cocktails one comes across.  The Tapas: We tried the Red snapper tacos, Hand pulled chicken Arepas, Spicy Lamb Soublaki Kobe beef burger. The variety of tapas at this place is great and the portion sizes are just perfect for 2 people to try 4-5 tapas and still have some room left for the desert (you will have to hit the gym the next day). The Arepas and the Beef burger were my fav but the others were really good too.   The desert: We had the warm doughnuts that come with 3 types of sauces - the doughnuts were warm and fluffy (yum). But the other desert that we ordered was just great - Its not on the online menu but it was a toffee cake with vanilla ice cream and the consistency, sweetness and the hot-cold play in this desert was just perfect. Its one of those things that fills both your heart and your stomach. The service was prompt and attentive. We went on a Fri even around 6pm , so getting there early was good as the place didn't get overcrowded.  Loved it.I dined at Stanton Social on my latest trip to NYC. I'm a huge Food Network fan and picked this restaurant after watching Chris Santos as a judge on Chopped. Checked out the menu before hand and was pretty stoked! I was really anticipating a different atmosphere though, and that was a big push on knocking my review down to a three star. Here's the breakdown:Food: Was absolutely delicious. We got quite a spread - the pierogies, french onion dumplings, sashimi, quesadillas, bruschetta, snapper tacos, mac n cheese, philly slider, kobe beef slider, pulled pork slider, donuts, red velvet twinkie, and milkshake shot. Favorites: pierogies, french onion dumplings, and philly slider. I would pass on the red velvet twinkie, bruschetta, and fish tacos. They weren't bad, but to me they just weren't as great as the other choices. Booze: Skip the wine - the pours seemed so small - not worth $12. Get a beer instead, or if you're going to spend $12, get a cocktail, I'm sure it's a better value.Atmosphere: Holy smokes - the other reviews weren't kidding when they said it was loud in there. I thought people were exaggerating, but oh boy they weren't. It was difficult to maintain a conversation without practically yelling at each other. I felt very out of place for the crowd that was there. I feel like the population was mostly 20s and 30s, which is okay there, but it felt like one huge glorified cocktail party and such a big party scene. I'm not saying that's bad - I just wasn't expecting it for this restaurant, and it didn't match the experience I was having with my food.Service: We had an 11pm reservation, got seated about 11:10pm, so not too bad. Our server was friendly - nothing memorable, but we got our food in a timely manner.Would I go back - with all of the choices for incredible food in NYC, I would say not by first choice. Although the food was tasty, the portions were small and the the atmosphere was a little too crazy for me.Stanton Social is located on 99 Stanton Street.I would give this five stars if the tapas were cheaper. If you come here and want to be full. Prepare to spend $100. A Kobe Beef Slider is $7 and a Philly Cheesesteak Slider is $9. That right, only 1 slider. A few other tapas I tried were the Beef Wellington ($22 but the beef was really soft), Red snapper slider ($10 but the only reason I would eat snapper) and French Onion Soup ($12 not a big onion soup guy but was impressed.) The twinkie for dessert was not too impressive. The milkshake shot was good if you look to get buzzed.It's a pretty place - especially in the LES. However, I didn't appreciate having made a reservation and still having to wait 40+ minutes despite having gotten there early. Some notable dishes would be the French Onion Soup Dumplings and their cocktails. Beyond that, I would definitely splurge elsewhere.Cute place to have brunch, it's fun to have tapas in the morning for a change. Blueberry lemon muffins = tasty, warm doughnuts with fudge sauce = delicious, croque monsieur = AWESOME.Really beautiful decor, trendy, romantic, intimate, good for friends, family, a special someone.One of my closest girlfriends brought me here for dinner because this place wasn't too far from her apartment. And am I glad she did! We were seated pretty quickly for a Friday evening although the place was nearly packed. I ordered a Strawberry Fields cocktail which was so good.. I mean sooooo good! I don't think you can go wrong with being adventurous and trying out different plates here. Everything was superb.I'm a sucker for places that can deliver great food with a pretty interior and Stanton Social won my heart.This is a great place.. Chris Santos is the executive chef here what else would you expect?Amazing food.. I am a vegetarian and they have loads of options.. peorogies, pizzas, ravioli, I could not resist so I tried the Pulled Chicken Arepas and Lamb kababs.. and they were sooooo gooodd..The portions are really small but its good in a way we get to try a lot of different things..Also keep in mind the dessert portions are not small they are regular size so order accordingly.. I was not impressed by the desserts at all even their most popular donuts and chocolate mousse cake dint do it for me at all. Try the spiked milkshake its has a bourbon kick to it (I found it too sweet and creamy) but it comes in a tequila shot glass so not a heap to finish..Now lets talk about service.. it is top of the line. our server was so attentive and thoughtful and always made sure that the order arrives just the way it was asked. Made great recommendations too and was very very prompt. This place has got it all together. Must go.. time and again..Went her for the first time Saturday and was very pleased.  Food was very good and service was great too.  The Onion Soup with dumplings was excellent.My only issue was the ambiance.  It was very noisy and very dimly lit.  But if you want good food and service definitley strongly reccomend here.I had been waiting and waiting and waiting to go to the Stanton Social ever since I saw the french onion dumplings on an episode of "Best Thing I Ever Ate". French Onion is one of the greatest things ever created, so to imagine it in a dumpling - what could be better?!?!Since 2010 I have waited patiently, so very very patiently for these dumplings and finally this past February I had the chance to go and finally taste this culinary delight. Of course I also sampled other offerings as well. Since it is tapas style, you can easily order many different items and sample small bits with friends, and boy oh boy did we ever. Some of the highlights of our meal was the kobe slider, short rib tacos, obviously the french onion dumplings and beef wellington. The slider - perfectly juicy - out of the park, enough said - try it. The short rib tacos - the short ribs were so tender and well sauced and I loved every bite. The French Onion dumplings - HOLY COW!!! talk about a perfect bite. The onion was sweet, the cheese perfectly tangy and amazing, and then theres the crouton - just thinking about it gives me fond memories. The beef wellington was also wonderful, so wonderful we ordered a second one afterwards. The crust was perfectly crusty and the meat very tender and nice and pink inside just the way I like it.Dessert was not quite up to the same caliber as the meal, but still quite good. We had a cookie platter, the guiness cake, and so many other things that I can't keep track cause our table was so full! No one dessert really stole the show though, and did not compare to the precision and expertise of the entree and apps. All in all, service is great, drinks delicious and unique, food - spot on! An all around win!!!Always love their brunch. Their bar at night is fun too.5 for food 5 for drinks5 for service5 for atmosphere3.5 for price...kinda expensiveStanton Social is a really fun experience. It has a loungey feeling because the crowd is pretty dressed up and the music is fun. The food is great and very vegetarian friendly. I would particularly recommend the goat cheese perogies they MELT in your mouth. The drinks are all AMAZING.I don't often spend this kind of money on food, but I love all the food here. Be warned that this place definitely isn't cheap. You gotta just order everything and share it with everybody at your table.Fun spot but not too much food for the price.Horrendous. This restaurant is so hyped up. Horrible location, service, layout, food, drinks. Everything. I really hope the chef was having a bad night or something, but it was my birthday dinner and I could not wait to get out of there and get something better to eat. I would never recommend this to anyone and I'm not happy that it was highly recommended by a famous cooking channel.We came here for a girls night a couple weeks ago and it was fabulous. Our server was extremely helpful, and even gave us free food! He kept bringing out dishes for us to try FREE OF CHARGE. We were treated like queens. We also ordered our own individual plates and loved them. Great food. The vibe is very trendy, young, and hip. Perfect place to get drinks and small plates before a night on the town. Would definitely go back!Really fun, vibrant atmosphere. Go here if you want to enjoy a hip, young scene. The food is delicious, the highlight being the french onion soup dumplings....simply amazing. The menu offers small/tapas-style dishes designed for sharing. Be sure to ask the server the number of items in each order as it varies, ie: 2 eggrolls vs. 6 dumplings. It definitely is not a quiet, intimate setting so go in a group!Stanton Social literally was one of the best dining experiences I have had. From the quaint vibe to the friendly hostess to the attentive waiter...this placed won me over from start to finish. I came with my family for brunch and I think we literally tried everything on the menu. The food was spaced out perfectly and everything we had was delicious! The old school meatballs and the red snapper tacos are to die for and were definite highlights for me! Honestly speaking though-you can't go wrong with anything here! I also had the pleasure of enjoying a delcious peach bellini before moving on to a strawberry fields! Well talk about a delicious drink! That baby made me forget that it was only 1 in the afternoon as I wanted to enjoy the fresh and delicious cocktail over and over again. If it weren't for the show reservations...I think I would have!Food: Started off slow but the last 4-5 dishes really took off. I thought I would give 3* but I think the food is more of a 4/5* and the service is very good too. The french onion dumplings are ok - the dumplings are chewy and the cheese stinks. The red snapper tacos were good - slightly above average but not excellent. And then the good food came out. The grilled cheese sandwich was fantastic. The kobe philly with goat cheese was superb. Also got the short rib arepas which were great. We were stuffed but after the string of good dishes, we decided to end with the banana caramel pancakes - they are absolutely the best pancakes I have ever had.. Soft and fluffy with a fantastic nutty flavor. Drinks: Only tried 1 cocktail - some concoction with gin and mojito-like. Was very good too.Decor: Tables are very close together and its a little loud. But nothing which is a big turnoff.Service: Very good - I would say perfect. I wanted no bread with my kobe philly and they got it with lettuce instead. Made sure to take empty plates promptly and phased our food so we didn't get everything at once. Overall: Definitely must-go for brunch. Smaller helpings and could be somewhat expensive. But the food is very good - especially the banana nut pancakes and the kobe philly.I haven't been here in about a year...and to my surprise it was very good!  Loved the Octopus, their version of onion soup (smelly, but good)...The sliders are always amazing.  Place was packed and the music was great.  My friends loved the girls there as well!! :) Will be back soon...Okay so I came to this place with some friends after it was recommended to me by some coworkers and it was not what I thought it would be.  1st  off the music was way too loud for a restaurant setting, I felt more like I was in a dance club than sitting down for a meal and could not hear most of the conversation despite being seated at a relatively small table. Also it was extremely overpriced. We were 7 people and the bill came out to over $300. That being said I thought the food was pretty good. I liked 6 out of the 8 dishes we ordered and thought it was cool how it was served in appetizer format meant for everyone to share. Honestly if they lowered the music and made it a more suitable atmosphere for a dinner I may eat there again on a special occasion but its way to expensive for me to enjoy on a regular basis.Great place for a weekend brunch. Although the waitress recommended that we order at least 6 dishes, the four that we had was plenty of food for a two person lunch. The onion soup dumplings was the standout and is a very enjoyable and creative dish. The cocktails are a bit sub par which was a shame considering that since their beer list reads like a concession stand at 1980's baseball game, they are really your only options for drinks. Their food would pair nicely with craft beer and unless you try to sneak a growler in, you are out of luck.I went there 2 Saturdays back for my sis birthday party with 10 friends. We had made a reservation in advance and confirmed on the day of, so expected to be seated promptly without trouble.To our surprise, they only had a 8 person table available for us. They asked 2 of us to sit separately. Despite being furious, we realized we couldn't have found another restaurant last minute, we requested that atleast 4 of us be seated together. But they refused to accommodate. The manager was extremely rude and refused to acknowledge that it was their mistake from the outset despite us agreeing to have 2 of our party sit separately.He ruined our party, ruined our mood and definitely ensured that we would never want to go there again.My wife , daughter and mom in-law took me to SSC for my birthday two weeks ago 3/17/12. 6:00PM or 6:30PM  reservation.Initially, the young lady who escorted us to our table questioned us why we wanted a bigger table...really, must that be done?Another person (this time the young maitre d). sat us at a larger table...hooray.The tapas style size offerings are splendid...yes, Chris Santos' onion soup dumplings are sensational...so are the sliders and meatballs...our server "Jonny" was patient, informative and attentive until the dozen or so ladies of a larger party sat down across from us...no big deal but service is service, right? With the impressive music score which is played a little too loud and an even louder ambiance of patrons prepare for a very LOUD experience... that's cool...folks are having fun.  I just turned 47 years of age and have lived in close to a dozen U.S. cities...it was worth the trip but even a guy like me would not serve a Entemans style cupcake with a candle to a birthday customer...very weak touch Chris...B-T-W..if you look at the reviews and your own feedback card... no one ever called my wife back. Follow through is a trait I would hope you hold dear...We still watch you on the Food Network and believe you know your biz, but we may not return to your restaurant. FYI, Rico's Tacos in Sunset Park does rock, good recommendation!If you don't like the small plates concept, this place is not for you. No matter what you order, whether it's $8 or $19 it will be small. We are a family of 5. We ordered the scallops (which were undercooked, seared only on one side...really?), salmon, Kobe burger slider ( which was severely undercooked, barely edible), meatballs, chicken & waffles, 2 orders of pork belly sliders, the big sexy burger, an order of fries, Mac n cheese, 2 orders of edamame, and red snapper tacos. 4 glasses of wine and a champagne cocktail( which was the biggest waste of $14... Served in a 4 oz glass with ice ...I think I got maybe 3 sips? Just ridiculous) and all that came to $320 before tip. Absolutely none of the food was remarkable in any way, and we were kinda full but not really. Actually we stopped at tgi Fridays on the way home for brownie obsessions at $6.00 each, what a bargain! I don't know why people like this place so much. You have to spend a ton of money for the equivalent of a full meal, for not so great food. I'd much rather spend that kind of money at a great steak house. Live and learn, I guess. Just felt so ripped off. Not a do over for us at all. We did like the music though.Food is delicious!!! I recommend the chicken arapas, the French onion soup dumplings, the butternut squash ravioli and the snapper tacos. Drinks were average, but good nonetheless. Even though we had a reservation, we had to wait about 25 minutes. Otherwise, loved this place! Will be back! Music was TOO LOUD, though!Pretension galore. Reservations have no meaning here. Food was fine, but not worth the wait or the attitude.(Max four cards to split the bill. And they messed up that too.)I've been to Stanton Social several times--food a good, drinks are strong, but service is lacking.Some of my favorite dishes are the french onion soup dumplings, potato and goat cheese pierogies, spaghetttini carbonara, and mac & cheese. The dishes are a creative spin on classics. They are delicious and flavorful and make you want just a bite more...My friends and I all loved their cocktails. They were all very strong and not too sweet. I loved their gin based drinks!I was very disappointed in the service the last time I went to Stanton Social. My party of 3 made reservations for 730. One of us were running about 5 minutes late and they refused to seat us until the whole party was there. When my friend arrived, we were told we would need to wait longer for the next available table. We were seated 15 minutes later. Our waiter was attentive at first, graciously taking our drink and then our dinner orders. However, once the food started arriving, he was nowhere to be found. We wanted another round of drinks and to order an additional dish (after seeing it served to the table next to us). We had to ask another waiter to flag him down. When we wanted to order dessert, our waiter was again nowhere to be found. Another waiter ended up giving us dessert menus and our waiter seemed reluctant to take our dessert orders. He was, however, very prompt with dropping off the check (before we even asked for it). He dropped it off immediately after our dessert came (before we could even take a bite of it). He came back several times while we were eating out dessert to check to see if we had looked at the check yet. He was very obvious he wanted to turn over the table even though we had only been there for an hour at that point. One of the busboys started taking our drinks away even though we were not finished with them yet, and we had to tell him to put them back. The host even came over to tell us he needed the table. The behavior of the staff was not very tasteful and completely unexpected for a meal at $75 a person.I was very displeased with being treated in such a manner....Hands down one of my favorite restaurants in the city. I left full to the brim because the food was THAT good. The atmosphere was also quite cool and the wait stuff was very friendly.Stanton Social is a great trendy restaurant to go to with friends. It's all about sharing small plates together and exploring new flavor combinations. And what better to talk about than delicious food? Much like the food, the drinks take something classic and well known and then gives it a twist that refreshes it entirely. I just love when a restaurant does that. You must try the Hand Pulled Chicken Arepas, they are delish! Go and go with friends, you'll love it!I really wanted to like Stanton Social. It had been bookmarked on my To Try list ever since I had moved to NY. Praised as one of the hot spots with its unique small plates creations, delicious cocktails and beautiful decor, I was eager to soak it all in.I finally made reservations for myself and three of my girlfriends on a Tuesday night. We didn't want to deal with waiting for a table so we made the reservation for 7pm. Having worked close by, N. and I got there early and we were directed to their upstairs bar where we assumed we would wait until the rest of our party arrived. The upstairs dining area isn't nearly as nice as the downstairs so if possible, try to get a table downstairs! We decided to order some cocktails at the bar while we waited. We decided on the Manhattan sidecar and the Basil lime gimlet. Low and behold, they were hardly memorable. The bartender barely spent any time making the drinks. I guess I was expecting a drink that is over $12 to be made with a lil more TLC. Should I ever go back, I'll stick with the beer and wine. We ended up being seated upstairs. Ugh. Perhaps that added to our average experience. So on to the food. One of my friends had heard a lot about their french onion soup dumplings which sounded very interesting. The server suggested that we each choose 2 items in order to be satisfied. A few of us were still skeptical about the food so we told him we would each order one item first. I think he was a little offended but still graciously accepted the fact that we had disregarded his recommendation. We ordered the french onion soup dumplings, grilled apple and brie quesadilla, Hudson valley foie gras and the potato and goat cheese pierogies. The only thing we fully enjoyed were the pierogies but that was mostly due to the truffle creme fraiche. You really can't screw up a dish when you have creme fraiche that tastes like truffles. I literally covered my pierogi in the heavenly creme and would have done the same with all the other items but one of the servers came and whisked it away when it looked empty. Clearly, he did not understand the joys of life. The presentation of the french onion soup dumplings was very clever. I appreciated that much. They were placed in a bowl similar to the ones used to present escargot but in this case, the entire top of the bowl was covered in stinky gruyere cheese. I think it was gruyere, since that is the cheese typically found in french onion soup. Anyway, one of my girlfriends thought it smelled awful and looked very annoyed. *shrug* The rest of us being cheese lovers, we made sure that was all out of her sight in no time. The soup dumplings themselves were nothing fantastic. I think it was more of a concept that sounds ingenious but once executed, falls short of expectations. And the foie gras? The foie gras tasted like butter. Not quite the taste I had in mind and probably would never order it here again. Do I need to talk about the quesadilla? It's a frikken quesadilla. We all know what that tastes like. Sadly, none of us were excited to order a second round of plates. We all sat there staring at the menu for what seemed like eternity (the server came by twice). Finally, after a lot of beating around the bush, we all agreed that we were no longer hungry and asked the poor server for the check. The plus side was that I was expecting to spend $$$$ on dinner but ended up only spending $15 haha I guess that is a good feeling...Note:: Why does it say that Stanton Social has a happy hour? I asked a server if they indeed do have HH and she replied in the negative.This is the Lower East Sides gem.  The drinks are spectacular and food is even more amazing.  The French Onion Soup dumplings are out of this world.  The chicken and waffles are so good.  The atmosphere is sophisticated without being too pretentious.  You could be seated next to a celebrity in a heart beat and not feel star struck.  You feel as though you've been transported to a place where only the cool people hang.  Everything on the menu is good.5 of us went there on a friday night after work. the food was ok and the service was ok in the beginning. however when we were half way thro our dessert, the waiters started being rude. they tried to take away our dessert which just served 5 mins ago. then a guy came and ask us to go bar area (upstair) so he can have the table for other customers. we told him we r leaving in 15 mins. he still kept asking if we can move. the worst experience ever.When I moved to NYC in 2009 my mom bought me the black Zagat nightlife book - which I used religiously before I discovered Yelp.  Stanton Social topped the list for "popular among 20-somethings" so of course I HAD to go there.  1,400 reviews later I can see how it earned its stripes!  It's a multi-level, large bar/restaurant that is perfect for grabbing a drink with friends if you're headed to the LES.  There's room to dance but it's not a club by any stretch of the imagination.  The food is really good too if you go during the week or early on the weekend and can grab a table!Amazing food and service. I loved everything we ordered but salmon was outstanding so as all their desserts (we had 4). Excellent wine list! We will be back soon!What a great place. Food was delicious and a really fun atmosphere. Really remember the crab cake corn dogs and the short rib beef tacos. Try it and you will not be disappointed!Went here for a friend's birthday brunch where we had a good sampling of the menu.  Overall, I enjoyed the venue and the service was great.  However, I found it slightly overpriced for the quality of food.  Here are some highlights.Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies were deliciousCoffee was also great qualityGrilled Ovendried Tomato Pizzetta  lacked flavorKobe Beef Burger sliders were a group favorite though I didn't eat (veggie)Grilled Apple & Brie Quesadilla was mediocreI guess the biggest problem my wife and I had was that we spent $100, only had one drink apiece, and didn't leave full. The food was very good, but the prices will keep us from joining their repeat customer group.Afterward, I went to get a slice of pizza and an order of garlic knots.Went here this weekend for dinner and drinks and ended up getting dessert, too! Great atmosphere, cozy circular booths, bar & lounge upstairs, lit candles and impressive wine rack wall. Accepts reservations. The small plates are a collection of American style tapas, which were unusual and delicious. Highly recommended plates (in mouth-watering order!):1. Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies (goat cheese dipping sauce)2. Kobe Philly Slider (Kobe Philly Cheese-steak style with goat cheese fondue!3. Short Rib Soft Tacos4. French Onion Soup Dumplings (French onion soup in dumplings topped with cheese and baked in escargot plate )5. Chicken n' Waffles(with cheddar and balsamic spiked maple syrup)6. Maryland Jumbo Lump Crabcake 'Corn Dogs' (corn dogs minus dog + crabcake!)7. Social Mac & Cheese (with chorizo and ovendried tomato)Four of us ordered 8 plates went home stuffed and satisfied. Don't leave without trying the Warm Doughnuts for dessert, 90-Proof Milkshake Shot and the Strawberry Fields Cocktail! Don't be afraid to loosen your belt buckle to fit it all in.Best meal I have had in a long time. Given, I have been displaced by hurricane Sandy for the last two weeks, which means I have been on the hurricane diet (starve yourself for 22 hours then eat 2 apps, 2 entrees and 2 desserts plus bread basket) but that shouldn't abate your trust in my review. All caveats and tomfoolery aside, we ordered french onion soup dumplings which I'd actually had someplace else - maybe WD50 but these were phenomenal. The plating is also very cool as they are in a french onion crock but you eat them off little toothpicks that you scoop out of the crock that, similar to french onion soup of the non-dumpling variety, is covered in melted Gruyere cheese. Next was the duck salad. Delicious smoked duck and outstanding kale. Very good salad. The pirogues are also phenomenal and a great dish to start with. I liked the fish tacos and thai ribs but they weren't  my favorite. Lastly, I got the Spaghetti Carbonara with quail egg and pork belly that was outta control good. The flavor profiles, especially for this dish, were exquisite as there was such painstaking attention to detail. Unfortunately I was too full to have dessert and I think 4-5 dishes would be perfect as opposed to 6-7 for two. I would come back here for some fabulous small plates although not inexpensive. That said, to me the perfect tastes in small portions are every bit as worth it when compared to simply okay tastes that leave you feeling stuffed. How very non-hurricane diety of me.  Perhaps I'm turning over a new leaf?The drinks were awesome the food delicious and the atmosphere very cool. The ahi tuna, the perogies and the hanger steak were ridiculously good. The 90 proof makers dessert shots...ADDICTIVE!!The Stanton Social is definitely a trendy, take your date out spot. OF COURSE everyone is right and you HAVE to order the French Onion Soup Dumplings. I mean really great and delicious. The service was okay -- the waitress definitely had a tude which is annoying considering it's a pricey dinner. The mood is loungey and fun. As I said take a date or a friend out for her birthday. I would give this an A-OK!I came here for my sister's birthday with a group of her friends.  Every time we asked about the reservation, the hostesses told us the table was being prepared for us, which was clearly a lie.  They also said that they could not give us an estimated time of seating. Finally, after waiting forty-five minutes for a table, we asked for the manager, who was incredibly rude and condescending. If management budgeted more time per reservation (e.g. assumed that each party would take one and a half hours instead of one hour), this backlog could be easily averted without adversely affecting business. Maybe it is a purposeful move to make the restaurant appear busier or more exclusive than it actually is. The caliber of the food here does not remotely make up for the incompetent management.  Go to a restaurant that cares about your experience.Great atmosphere and Unbelievable food. Love the Beef Wellington and the Cuban Spiced Baby Back Ribs.Good atmosphere. Duck spring rolls and spanish rice with chicken were very good but over priced.Its has been a while since I first went to Stanton Social, the upstairs lounge specifically, to have a drink in a weekday after a fantastic dinner at Congee Village Bowery. We were 4 people in the table. The couple in front of us, lets say "Ari"  and "Suzie" ordered 2 drinks and the Grilled Pizzetta which I didn't try but that smelled delicious and it didn't produce other that a pleasant gesture on them. Suzie and Ari were trying to find out if we were having a second date, since they could detect high attraction and certain seduction game (Ari), or a third date (Suzie) since it looked to her that there was also a lot of confidence and complicity between us, a sign of more frequent encounters. "I think they have even been together for 1 month already" is what she said when we all were talking about it a bit later. Yes, I met Suzie and Ari that night at the table since they were seated there right after us .. and we socialize with them and we had a pleasant and funny conversation about gender differences and in fact a correspondence between each one ideas and gender; with me being agree with Suzie and my friend being agree with Ari. That you will be seated with others at the same table looks to be the regular behaviour at Stanton Social since it happen to me a few months later when I was back with a friend, a girl this time, to have again a drink since I liked the ones that I had that day back when I met Ari and Suzie . If you like this or not depends of different factors; you, your mood, who is your companion, how are the others (remember that you don't choose them.. they are imposed).  I have to say that I liked both times. Even the first one; it was really funny.  You can always stay in the bar area, tho; which it was my intention the second time but we couldn't get an spot.  The crowd at Stanton Social was in a range from middle twenties to late thirties; it was older during the week. It was always nice and is easy to socialize if you want. Either the hostess, which I never could find out her name, as well as Nikki, our waitress was extremely nice and professionals. Designed by AvroKo, the team that some of you already know I'm crazy about, you can't other than expect a beautiful space. Stanton Social is sexy, trendy, soft lights but not dark, more like glowing in gold, with botanical painted in the walls, and leather sofas. The tables can easily accommodate groups of 6 to 8 people. There is groups of female/male friends playing gender games. Its also a place to bring a date. The drinks menu offer from wines to cocktails that was always my selection. The combinations are interesting. Among the ones that I tried, I highly recommend the Pineapple 75 Martini and mostly the Basil-Lime Gimlet a mix of  Belvedere vodka, muddled basil leaves, lemon syrup and fresh lime juice. I also tried the Cranberry Flower and the Bea's Gin-Lemon Mojito. It wasn't as good but still I enjoyed it as well. Fresh ingredients/herbs is a characteristic in all the drinks. Said this and having clear that I enjoyed the ambiance, somehow I'm not very excited about the place. Its loud, the music wasn't very good, not bad either, and I didn't feel like socializing with the groups I saw. But it could be that particular night. Also, they are too generous with the ice in the drinks and so it gets cold and the flavor gets diluted soon which I really don't like. But still; if I'm in the area I'll definitely come back. And I'll order again the Basil-Lime Gimlet. I still remember the scents of the fresh basil. I also wanna try the food at the restaurant, downstairs. I took a look to the menu on line and I got really excited about it. French Onion Soup Dumplings... In between, Ari was right. It was a second one in fact.What is a Stanton Social? Someone who boozes over little bites? Someone who can only be understood through eye contact, body language, and reading of the lips? Someone who is trapped in an upscale portion of the LES? A Stanton Social is anyone who you want to be once you give in to THE Stanton Social. Stanton Social is everything obnoxious and over the top. It's so cool you morph into cool without being a poser. I had some out of town guests and I took them to Stanton Social to give them a lasting impression of NYC. I think I succeeded. It wasn't an every day meal. It was an escape to some alternate universe where your taste buds get laced with gold and your ability to reason somehow loses you. Perhaps going to Stanton Social wasn't the most responsible thing to do. When I got the check my mouth dropped when I found out we were charged $30 for exactly four bites of miso glazed fish. Talk about throwing away money. Welcome to the New York I don't live in. While I'm working OT, saving for my down, retirement, and making the rent, there are people in NYC who don't blink an eye at $8 a chew. Anyhows I shrank in my seat as I realized half of my table was unemployed. Tallying up the scores we had still come out ahead with the crabcake corn dogs, a kobe philly and a lobster roll. They were spectacular! We had a few of the other typical dishes and they were all exquisite for the moment. The Stanton Social really knows how to craft little things. If they're not brushed with butter, a glaze, fried or baked, they're dusted with sugar, dolloped with cream, or sprinkled with something diced. I really feel like I'm snacking at the Oscars when I'm at The Stanton Social.Not many people talk about the desserts at The Stanton Social. You've already spent over a hundred bucks for dinner. Why not twenty dollars more for something sweet? The doughnuts were an obvious hit but I loved the red velvet twinkie even more. It reminded me of a baby buche de noel. Now there's a thought Stanton Social. Will you please make me some miniature buche de noels? They would make my holidays perfect.I finally made my way to Stanton Social... but for a celebratory company dinner.  Tapas were good.  Trendy atmosphere.Here's what we ordered:1) Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies (w. caramelized onions & truffle crème fraiche) - who doesn't love goat cheese & truffle crème fraiche?  YUM!2) French Onion Soup Dumplings - MUST GET3) Grilled Ovendried Tomato Pizzetta (w. fresh mozzarella & grana, roasted garlic & chile oil) - good4) Grilled apple & brie quesadilla (w. mustard maple syrup, smoked bacon bits) - good5) Kobe Beef Burgers - also good... but then again, I already had 3 drinks by then.6) Rhode Island Lobster Rolls - Not sure what Rhode Island Lobster Rolls are suppose to be, but it definitely does not compare to Luke's Lobster.  This one had cilantro in it.  Liked it but it is not my favorite.7) Chicken & Waffles (w. brick pressed chicken, aged cheddar waffle, corn pudding, & balsamic spiked maple syrup) - Liked it but also not my favorite.8) Warm Doughnuts - caramel, chocolate, & raspberry dipping sauces - Great way to end a meal!I also kept ordering the Pink Grapefruit Mint Martini cocktail (Stoli Citrus, Fresh Squeezed Pink Grapefruit, Lemon Syrup, and Fresh Mint).  Delish.Chris Santos, chef and owner of the Stanton Social, wrote me on yelp after reading my initial review (posted below). He was upset. He was angry but not too angry to invite me to come back as his guest and try it again. I graciously accepted his offer to show up at his restaurant and gorge myself on free food. Wasn't that nice of me?I went with my good friend Adrianna. We started off the evening excited and giddy and I can't deny that after plates and plates of amazing food kept rolling out, personally prepared and delivered by Chris, I felt like the cat that got the cream. Then we slowly began to realize that Chris was punishing us in the worst way. Punishing us by continuing to send out food that was too good to resist eating, regardless of the fact that my stomach, spleen, esophagus, and I think also my left knee cap were crying out for mercy! Well played Chris Santos, well played. You have won today. I am in serious, serious pain and your beef wellington brought it on me.If you read further I am going to list what we ate, every gory detail. If you are not sickened by the idea of two 28 year old girls eating enough food to feed an NYC firehouse, read on and benefit from the pain that reviewing practically every SINGLE thing on the Station Social menu has brought upon me!Blood Orange and Jalapeno margarita - 2 thumbs up. spicy!Pear & Saki martini - also deliciousLittle pizzas - one with basil, tomato, and mozz - really excellent. The sauce is spicy in the most delightful way. The one with ricotta, caramelized onion, and bacon was my favorite though! I told Chris I could eat that for the rest of my life and he told me not to be gratuitous! I made a little mental note to insult him the next time around.BUT then he brought out the raw bar tray of kumamoto oysters and shrimp cocktail and I changed my mind. GET the kumamoto oysters. They are perfect - creamy and fresh like they'd just been plucked from the ocean. Tuna Sashimi - with pickled jalapeno and avocado - one of our favoritesSocial Tea - good, not remarkableChampagne Julep - minty and fantastic! This was my favorite drinkFoies gras terrine - holy mother of god. It was so rich and creamy that Adrianna and I kept speculating whether they'd managed to mix butter into it somehow. ORDER this!!! The little salad that comes on the plate with candied walnuts and apples is divine as well.Goat Cheese Pierogi with white truffle creme fraiche - BLISS. we kept talking about this one for the rest of the eveningFrench Onion Soup Dumplings - Adrianna: "amazing"Duck Confit Empanadas - get em while you can! They're coming off the menu soon. Because I said I didn't like them. I kid! They were good. Chris is tired of making empanadas.Crab Cake Corn Dogs -  Crab meat prepared like a corn dog. Crazy? Perhaps. Genius? Don't be gratuitous! TastyChipotle Shrimp - Adrianna says "good Mexican restaurant" Red Snapper Tacos - still not a big fan of theseKobe Burgers - Adrianna never eats red meat. She ate every bite and loved it. Me too.Asian Ribs - good, but paling in comparison to the kobeTater tots - the one thing that I really didn't like. I love the idea of them, but they seemed bland and too oily.Fries - delicious! accompanied with 4 great saucesChicken on waffle - This was really good - the chicken was crisp and juicy and the corn pudding/waffle/chicken combo was winning.Beef Wellington - another favorite. GET THIS. truffle sauce mmmm...Sick yet? time for dessert!! Fresh donuts with caramel, chocolate, and rasperry sauces were great. I LOVE that everything caramel here is salty caramel - big props to Chris for that. I am a huge fan of the fleur de sel.Homemade cracker-jack type stuff (I forget the fancy name). This was incredible - I wanted to shove some into my purse. Maybe I did...Apples with pie dough and cinnamon ice cream - no complaints here.Chris - you are lovely and so is your staff. I wish you the best. Or do I?Love, your nemesisOriginal Review:I think the owners of the Stanton Social sat around one day, trying to figure out how to get people to pay ridiculous prices for tiny food. Then they decided to call it "shared plates." And voila! The $7 single kobe beef slider was born. And this is coming from a girl who eats at Per Se, so it's not like I won't spend $$$ peeps.The worst crime they are guilty of though, in my opinion, is serving extremely "meh" food.I had the french onion soup dumplings - yeah, they were good. The sliders were good too. Just good though, not great. The rest of the food (mini chorizo paella things, red snapper tacos, some chocolate mousse dessert) was decidedly average. I ate here 2 years ago and have never once experienced the desire to go back.I first heard of The Stanton Social from Food Network's The Best Thing I Ever Ate.  The menu item that was featured was their French Onion Soup Dumplings.  Okay, let me repeat myself.  French. Onion. Soup. Dumplings.  Yes, that's right.  A traditional Asian-style dumpling filled with deeply caramelized onions fortified with stock and seasonings to taste like soup without being overly brothy (that would make it much more difficult to eat).  These dumplings are served in an escargots dish, topped with melted Gruyere cheese and skewered with croutons.  It's the complete French onion soup experience in the form of a dumpling!  This is the main reason for going to The Stanton Social.  But let me share a few more reasons... It's fun and hip, in the too-cool-for-school Lower East Side.  I hear it's great for birthdays and bachelorette parties, and I can totally see why!  It's hard to find (no big sign), which means it must be good, right?  It has a room filled with vodka bottles, and lots of other fun alcohol bottles in the upstairs dining area lining the walls.  Service was impeccable, our empty dishes were cleared almost instantly, making room for more food!  Our waiter was cute.  Very cute ;-) The other foods we ate were delicious too, and so were our drinks!  I honestly think I may plan my next birthday here :)The Stanton Social features small plates intended for sharing, much like tapas.  I appreciate the variety, as I get to eat many different things.  This makes Victoria happy.  Another thing that makes Victoria happy is free food.  Free food like these complimentary pumpkin puree and ricotta crostini.  They were lightly sweet and creamy with a delicately crisp round of bread beneath.  Me likey.We each selected a cocktail to compliment our meal.  I chose the Pineapple 75 Martini (Pineapple infused Ketel One, pineapple juice, lemon syrup, splash of Chambord) while my sister had the Strawberry Fields (Grey Goose Citron, muddled fresh strawberries, lemon syrup, fresh lemon and a Riesling floater).  Both drinks were refreshing, perfectly balanced, and just strong enough without tasting like straight alcohol. Mine was topped with a dehydrated pineapple chip, while the Strawberry Fields was garnished with a lemon crisp.The first of our plates to arrive were the Red Snapper Tacos and the Potato and Goat Cheese Pierogies.  The tacos were served with mango and avocado, and a lime wedge and small dollop of spicy sauce by each mini taco.  I love how each taco came with its own accompaniments directly alongside, so no one would have to share their lime wedge, and no taco would feel neglected or unloved.  These were good, but my fish tacos are in a league of their own :) Meanwhile, the potato and goat cheese pierogies were my second favorite dish we tried!  They were tiny little packages filled with the traditional mashed potato component and replacing the more common farmer's or cottage cheese with their tangier cousin... goat cheese.  Topped with caramelized onions and accompanied by truffle creme fraiche, these were simply crescent-shaped bits of Heaven.  Highly recommend!The next wave of dishes included Barbecue Duck Confit and Black Bean Empanadas with Smoked Tomato and Blood Orange Jam, and of course the main event, the heavyweight champion of the world, the French Onion Soup Dumplings.  The empanadas each sat in their own little compartment, resting atop a spoonful of sauce, while the dish was served with a bowl of extra sauce.  The sauce alone tasted like bacon.  That is to say, it was very smoky.  Alone, the smoky flavor overpowered the other flavors in the sauce, but along with the empanadas, the sauce worked much better (though you could have fooled me about the contents of blood orange, as I didn't note any citrus flavors).  The filling was tender, juicy, and flavorful, with a spicy veil.  These were fun, and I'd enjoy having them again.The French Onion Soup dumplings were everything I thought they'd be.  I'm really glad I finally got to try them myself, because I really imagined the filling would be more soupy.  It was more like really wet fortified caramelized onions.  I had wanted to create this dish in my own kitchen for a long time, and definitely have a better perspective on the dish now.  I loved the combination of chewy dumpling dough, sweet and meaty melt-in-your-mouth onions, nutty and gooey melted Gruyere, and finally the crunchy crouton to top it all off.  These are a must have!  Even if I hadn't seen the episode of The Best Thing I Ever Ate, or had these personally recommended to me by a former co-worker, or just happened to love French Onion Soup, our waiter made a point to suggest them to us.  I'm sure every person who walks through these doors will LOOOOOVE this dish.I have 50-50 feels about the Stanton Social.  It's a beautiful restaurant with great ambiance but it's also very popular (which isn't a bad thing for the owner/staff) which doesn't make a great dining experience.  I like eating and having a good conversation with my dining partners without the need to shout.  From my experience, it cannot happen at Stanton Social.  But what makes a restaurant should first and foremost be the food.  The Stanton Social's menu is primarily served tapas-style which means you order lots of little dishes for sharing.  Expensive little dishes.  During the course of dinner, my friend and I ordered the following:~ Maine Crabcake Corn Dogs - really delicious and creative.  Well-seasoned and really flavorful.  It was arguably the highlight of all the dishes we sampled with the exception of the dessert.~ Red Snapper Tacos (w/ creamy avocado & spicy mango) - Delicious as well.  Having the corn dogs and the tacos come as the first 2 dishes made my outlook for the meal very positive.~ Yellowfin Tuna Sashimi (w/ pickled jalapeno, avocado, & yuzu ginger dipping sauce) - not a huge fan of this dish.  2 reasons.  One, I wasn't really in the mood for sashimi and two, this is a dish you can get any sushi restaurant in NY.  Why eat it here?  An obvious mistake on our ordering.~ Rhode Island Style Lobster Roll Slider & a Kobe Philly Slider (w/ truffle & goat cheese fondue) - buttered bread, bite-sized.  I think the concept of sliders are great 'cause you get a little sampling and it doesn't fill you up too fast. ~ Charred Squid Lettuce Wraps (w/ spicy papaya kimchi, miso mayo & jalapeno-soy) - the charred squid trumped the entire dish.  I think the dish got too complicated with the jalapeno-soy and the miso mayo.  It is worth getting once but definitely not my favorite of the meal.~ Hanger Steak & Tots (w/ tater tots, bleu cheese fondue & housemade cherry tomato ketchup) - I love tater tots and I love steak but again, this is a dish you can get at any other restaurant as well.  Why eat it here?  BUT, it was YUMMY so my tummy didn't complain.~ Pumpkin Profiteroles (w/ pumpkin pie pastry cream) - I want a tub of pumpkin profiteroles and candied currants now.  So good, so good, so good!!!!Overall, I had a good time.  I think it's grossly priced but hey, it was worth trying once.  And the service was good with an attentive staff.  But a restaurant with a uni-sex bathroom annoys me.  4 stars (I liked the food but not the dining experience).The Stanton Social has left me speechless. I couldn't talk while I was eating there - the music was really loud - but this isn't a bad thing. If I could have talked, the entire meal would have been devoured by my table and I would have been left with nothing.Yay for vague generalities. Instead of bombarding you with details get the following and you too will be left speechless:1. French Onion Soup Dumplings: It's French Onion Soup. Umami heaven in dumpling form. Soup as bread. Fantastic effing idea. The melted cheese on top is so perfectly seasoned with an almost-crusty mozzarella texture and soft Parmesan bite that I not-so-discretely ate the remnants off the dish. 2. Yeah...Miss Manners can go drink a liter of vodka for that one...or a few legitmate Black Velvets. Guinness and champagne? Yes.3. Everything else on the menu.4. The Chocolate Tasting: This feels like an explosion of cacao in your mouth. The panna cotta was okay...the peppermint patties were not quite as explosive as Thin Mints...but that CHOCOLATE DULCE DE LECHE ICE CREAM was as smooth as any caramel sauce and as solidly ice cream as real gelato. The MOUSSE was three full layers of dark, milk, and white chocolate mouse and will do just fine as a love potion should you abstain from booze and still wish to seduce your lover.Are you a celebrity?  A glutton for punishment?  Do you use drugs that quell your appetite?  Were you not able to get a reservation at a "restaurant" in the Meatpacking District tonight?  Are you nine feet tall with a ten foot wingspan such that you can reach over a mob of slick New Jerseyans to grab a drink from a bar?  If you answered 'yes' to any of these questions, The Stanton Social is your place.  AWESOME, BRO!WAIT!  I know what you're thinking: "Oh, he had one bad experience, he's a holier-than-thou hipster, he's just a player hater, he must be POOR."  Before you stop reading, hear me out.  I had never heard of The Stanton Social before going, and I went with an open mind.  I should have known from the bouncer at the door that this restaurant wasn't for me, but venture in I did.  After gaining admittance, my poor ugly face was quickly whisked to a dark corner of the already un-lit upstairs and I was seated on what appeared to be an ottoman for midgets.  Once I positioned myself on the midget ottoman in the only way that wouldn't cut off my circulation, I readied myself to order a drink. This proved to be an exercise in futility as the waitstaff was far too cool to take orders, a reasonable disposition considering they had probably never met someone in whose gelled-up hair they couldn't see their reflection.  They likely passed me off as a homeless drifter who was setting up camp for the night in a dark corner of their trendy 'nightspot.'  Fortunately, I soon discovered that I could navigate my way to the bar by crawling under the bridges of the sequined 30-inch heels worn by the hoard of tweens forming a mosh-pit at the bar.  Delightful.  Aghast at the very concept of ordering a glow-in-the-dark cocktail mixed by some wannabe model, I ordered an overpriced Bud Light and a shot.  When it finally came time to order my meal, I craned my neck up at what millions years of evolution have deemed the perfect female prototype.  I didn't bother asking any questions about the menu as (a.) I couldn't read the menu in the dark, and (b.) it was clear our waitress had never eaten anything in her life and would only regurgitate whatever description was already written on the menu just like she had regurgitated everything else that may have accidentally wound up in her mouth over her precious twenty years of hating her father.  I got the damn dumplings and some pizza. The Stanton Social does have a few things going for it. They play bumpin' club music with killer bass and (probably) have some self-loathing, tattooed celebrity chef manning the kitchen, hating the fact that his bite-sized creations become frat-boy upchuck hours after being made.  If that's your thing, this is your place. This nightly game of see-how-many-striped-shirt-wearing-twentysomething­s-we-can-fit-in-a-lounge-to-drool-over-models may be fun (and TRENDY) for some people, but not for me.OH but wait! I forgot to gush about the FRENCH ONION SOUP DUMPLINGS (OMFG!@!@!@!@!!).  Yea... they sucked.Yes it's very "shi-shi and frou frou" ( *copyright Atif I.)but I like it!!! This is the epitome of sexy and trendy New York downtown scene restaurant/lounge, it's a good place for those who value posh and sleek atmosphere. I like the clever garment-inspired retro decor with a modern edge, here's yet another successful design job by AvroKo! Although I was afraid of stumbling into another disappointing uber trendy place, I was pleasantly surprised by the creative and delicious food. I tried the 2 most popular dishes, "French Onion Soup Dumplings" ($12) and "Kobe Beef Slider" ($7) and they both lived up to the reputations, they are good "bar food". The waiter explained to me that they serve small dishes that are designed for sharing, similar to the tapas concept. Drinks are expensive just as I expected..... typical Manhattan price, $13/glass(what's new, right?). My "Strawberry Fields" was sweet and refreshing, a good girly summer drink.In summary: Stylish comfort food, great ambiance, pricey bill.If small plates are meant to be shared, then why aren't they bigger?  Ponder THAT, homie.  lol... no... seriously.I couldn't get enough and it was ticking me off that I had to share with a group as large as mine.  The good thing is that my group was comprised of fellow greedy foodies like myself, so we wound up ordering enough small plates to amount to a couple massive ones.  Problem solved! :)There was the french onion soup dumpling (not my favorite, but I am not an onion fan), the lamb gyro minis  that looked like little mini tacos w/limes (clearly my favorite because it is lamb and I am addicted), and the asparagus (seasoned ever so slightly and lightly steamed).  We also ordered short ribs that were so succulent and moist, they melted off the bone like butter on a warm day!  AMAZING!  The beef wellington was quite notable as well (incased in a soft bread) and the crabcake corndog was just funny - tasty, but funny concept.  I couldn't help but think that Bmore could do it better though.For drinks, I had a couple social teas which made me very social (I strongly advise that you try them) and I passed on dessert since I had no business eating the aforementioned meal anyway! LOL!The Stanton Social does get pricey, I'm not going to lie, BUT it is perfect for groups, perfect for dates, perfect for meetings - truly every occasion could find a home here.  There's something on the menu for everyone and ambiance for days!  Go!The food here is innovative and tasty. They also double / triple up the portions to make the dishes sharable among large groups. The red snapper tacos, crab cake corn dogs, old fashioned meatballs and french onion soup dumplings are the best dishes that I remembered. They are also very busy on friday nights and weekends so it's best to make a reservation. The restaurant is definitely very lively and good for group gatherings.Food:  The crab cake corn dog was especially satisfying, but other than that the menu was so-so.Scene:  MTV The Hills cast at 25+.  Doesn't rep the LES at all.Bar:  If you can get past the wanna be wall street guys and the sex in the city chic chicks, you can get a half descent drink.  But don't expect greatness.This is the kind of place for the wanna be new yorkers.  Those folks that come here from parts unknown and want to live the sex in the city, felicity, gossip girl lifestyle that they've seen on tv.  I think most true new yorkers will find this place to be quite boring.Julie/JuliaWhewww.... Made my 100 in 3 months...   the first 60 or so was a breeze but the last dozen took some doing...  gonna be taking a break as I'm going back to the mother land for some serious eating...  too bad there's no yelp in Asia....So I went to  Stanton for a very special bday and sunday evening really is the time to dine around this part of town if you're not into crowds and drunken peeps running around the streets....The place will suggest 2-3 dishes per person.  I think 2 is too little so thinking 2.5 to 3 will suffice.thestantonsocial.com/men…Here's what i had:5 Stars - French onion dumplings.  You get 6 so plan accordingly when sharing cause everyone will want at least 2-3 pieces each...4 Stars - Roasted octopus.  Beautifully made and just melts in your mouth which is not what usually happens with octopus.  Sauce was excellent and 3 pieces of bread were drowned to finish off the dish..3 Stars - Creekstone short ribs taco - well done but not very memorable.  I've had better and this is one of the pricier items on the menu...2 Stars - Kobe beef burger.  No biggie and would pass on all future tries2 Stars- Lobster roll...  what can I say... i compare all lobster rolls with Pearls and this was just nothing close...3 1/2 Stars - Philly cheese steak slider.  It was okay but heck i compare all philly cheesesteaks with Delasandro's in Philly....Pass on all sliders in the future.  They range from $7-$10 i think and not worth it...4 Stars - herb fries were excellent and tasty..4 Stars - Mac and cheese...  made with chorizo and tomatoes and flaky crunchy topping.  I thought it was great.  Not overwhelming cheese taste and overall well balanced with all it's ingredients...Skipped desserts but i really had my eye on the red velvet twinkie or the warm donuts or bailey's toffee cake.. oh well.. next time...There's sooo much on the menu and things I've had and still want to try....  The really one memorable thing is always going to be the french onion dumplings...  I don't even like french onion soup but this creation is just a big hit and makes me crave and come back for more....The mixed drinks are $13 bucks and the average price on a bottle of wine is $50.  This place ain't cheap and with a group... be careful as it can start to add up...  expect to pay at least $50 per person not including the alcohol....I enjoy this place but sometimes really not sure if it's worth the price you pay...  Maybe they should change it up a bit and add some new flavors to the mix....Lot of variety.  Great atmosphere.  Kobe Beef Sliders and French Onion Dumplings are automatic.  Some of the plates are a "miss", but I would def. still go back to try everything on the menu.  Attentive staff.  Interesting cocktail menu.  Had the Manhattan Sidecar (Hennessey) cause I'm ballin...I have been exploring neighborhoods since I arrived here a few years ago for food oriented restaurants and bars. Walking by this well built place and having seen reviews for it on Yelp, my mind made the decision (with body to follow) to go in. At first, I walked into the main restaurant. I looked around and found "no bar". I thought this was odd and perhaps I was not in the right "Stanton Social". Quickly, I asked the coat woman "do you have a bar"? She smiled (as if she had been asked this by many first timers) and pointed upstairs. Going back out and up, I found a well built gathering place, filled on this Friday night, with a centerpiece bar and seating at both ends of the room. Wine humidor in the back, showed a well stocked cellar and I "chinned up" for my first taste. The bartender greeted me and made the usual offerings, "what can I get you"? I, feeling comfortable, asked for a beer and menu. People on both sides of me were relaxed and either had food or empty plates in front of them (this is a good sign from my point of view). I ordered Piquillo Pepper Bruschetta, Chicken Caesar Bites and Red Snapper Tacos. Food came out quickly but it was "oh so good" (stole that expression from a TV celebrity chef)! For those who have read my reviews might realize I do not delve into long food descriptions; the menu should do this for you leaving out any mystery. My reviews are not about teaching a "Master Chef Class" on what is that criterion. No, I want it simple. I want people to get out and try the food, drink and social scene. Most restaurants have a hard working chef with hard working staff who may only get your respect for that moment. This place is solid. Food looked and tasted great. Bartender was slammed (come on it was Friday night) and he was courteous and attentive. My kind of place and it should be yours at least once. A good value for your dollar, The Stanton Social delivers. The restaurant is in a very cool part of Manhattan and if you have not been in this neighborhood before then make this place the motivation to get here. A four star experience is what you will find in the heart of the Lower East Side.four words- french onion soup dumplings!! equals one big word- mouthwatering!  they come in this cute bowl with 6 round divots, in which each soup dumpling fits perfectly, anchored with a long toothpick & a crouton, under a light blanket of gruyere. the onion is perfectly caramelized full of flavor and just enough soup that you can get enough soupiness without a spoon (although they really should give you a spoon!)and the cheese is not too heavy, but adds that extra texture & flavor which makes french onion soup what it is. we also got the kobe philly- (delicious), pulled pork slider (a little on the dry & tough side), mac & cheese (delicious!), ribs (sauce was a bit overpoweringly sweet), and sweet & sour chicken cashew spring rolls (i could have done without these, nothing memorable). the scene was dressy/casual, trendy and modern. the flukes of lights hanging from the ceiling and dark brown/tan decor and sharp edges went well together. upstairs is a lounge area which looks like a fun place to come and have a low key night, or pre-night ;)every time I eat at stanton, there seem to be scores of women around chowing down, usually in large, very loud groups.  I noticed that most women I know don't eat much whenever we go out, usually an ice cube or a corner of a leafy vegetable.   It seems that stanton is the secret eatery of nyc skinny women.  Women who don't normally touch anything more than 20 calories are seen here gorging themselves on beef and soup dumplings and other high caloric delicacies.. which makes me wonder if they're going to purge themselves after or run a couple marathons.    either that or the food is non-digestable.   anyway, despite these thoughts, i love the food here and would go anytime.If I could rate this restaurant with ZERO stars I would... I had the worst dinning experience at the Stanton Social. My husband & I took my son out for his 23rd birthday. I was excited to take my son to this resturant along with his girl friend, my daughter & her boyfriend.  what should have been a birthday celebration turned into an unforgetable traumatizing nightmare. While dining there was a water bug, Yes a HUGE WATERBUG that crawled from the table onto and down my arm. The waitress came over to ask if everything was ok once she observed me jumping out of my chair. Shortly after the manager came over. He did not apologize and when I told him that I would like to change tables he seemed annoyed and asked if our whole party wanted to move to another table as if I was going to move to another table alone. Prior to that experience we had to send back a pitcher of water that had something black resembling a bug in it. After we moved tables we still had 2 plates of food coming to us but we told the waiter that we had lost our appetites and our night was ruined. Once they took the food away we waited for a birthday dessert they were supposed to bring out for my son, that we had reminded them at the restaurant to bring out as well as on the phone when we made the reservation. They reassured us before dinner started that they would bring it out at the end of the meal but they NEVER did. We were bought the check without so much as an apology from the manager, instead he was sitting at one of the tables texting on his cell phone the whole time. We paid the bill which they did not even have the courtesy to compensate for the horrible dining experience we had.  As we were leaving I addressed the hostess to let her know what a bad experience we had and that they had never bought the birthday dessert that they kept reassuring they would bring, and instead of an apology her response was "Thank you for coming." We dine at fine restaurants often and made the reservation to The Stanton Social expecting nothing but good things and to have a great time and ended up having one of the worst dining experiences ever. I felt like the staff handled the situation very unprofessionally and made us all uncomfortable. A night that should have been special for my sons birthday ended up being ruined thanks to The Stanton Social, the staff and mostly THE MANAGER( I believe his name is Robert)._Carol R.My dear friend Michelle H. knew I would love this place and boy was she right. Very cool decor and vibe. To start off the night we were given a tomato and cheese crostiniI'm copying off Michelle H. list and adding my thoughts. Here's what we ate: red snapper tacos - good, not too memorablecrabcake corndogs - tasty! french onion soup dumplings - kind weird tasting. served in an escargot dish. more novel of an idea than taste i would saybaby spinach w/garlic - good, but tastes like chinese stir fry spinachspicy lamb soulvaki - i didn't eat this, but they said it was okaykobe philly - friend said it was goodgrilled cheese w/bacon, fried green tomato - a little oily, but overall quite tasty. however, a bit expensive. i mean i know this is a nice place, but $7 for a sandwich that is 1/4 of a slice of bread? Come on nice. At least make it 1/2 a slice of bread?! Stingy!baby back ribs - decent, but not memorable..chicken n waffles - so so, didn't really like the corn bread tastebraised short rib tacos - this was my favorite dish of the night...although i think i could of enjoyed it just as much at a real taco jointwarm donuts - soft, chewy, and sprinkled with sugar. taste like Japanese donuts if you've had Japanese Mister Donut! I like the dipping sauce. It was $45 per person and we didn't have drinks. Overall I liked this place! Definitely more of a spot to go wtih girls though...I think most guys would leave hungry! The portions are quite tiny....but fun to try all the interesting and overall tasty flavors!This place is cool from what I remember.  I was fairly liquored up by the time we got here, but I had a few more lime gimlets that had gin in them I think.  I don't know.  There was a plant in my drink too.  Eucalyptus or something.  But it was all good.The food is incredible.  Truly, The Stanton Social is something special.  So special, in fact, that they thought it was totally fine to keep us waiting for a table an hour and a half after our reservation time.  In a crowded, coats-getting-trampled-on, back-getting-splashed-on, so-loud-you-have-to-scream type of holding area no less.  And they still get 4 stars.  Because the food is so good.  Shame on me.Really cool atmosphere, beautiful silky lighting, inventive dishes and not bad value (about $100 per head including full blowout meal, wine and dessert wine). Ask for a booth if possible.My kind of place... delicious food (ideal for sharing and ordering several dishes to try) and cocktails, cool vibe (upstairs is more of a lounge/bar & can get loud & crowded on wknds, downstairs is strictly a dining area with great big booths and more attentive service), and a 1-stop shop where you can eat, drink and be merry!  Affordable menu and usually not too difficult to get reservations.  Must have's: french onion soup dumplings and the kobe beef mini burgers (actually, ALL of the burgers are yummy).  Their fish tacos are not impressive and their desserts can be hit or miss.  But definitely try a bunch of other things on the menu!a trendy haute selection of the nostalgic and the eccentric. on the same menu you have crabcake corndogs bumping  hips with french onion soup dumplings. both were delicious in texture and flavor. i did enjoy the soup dumplings a little more, however. for the corndogs, due to the mayo and dampness of the lump crab, they do not provide the reminiscent crunch of a true corndog, so don't cling to that expectation. additional items my party of 3 shared: red snapper tacos, haricot verts with garlic and almonds, grilled apple and brie quesadilla, kobe beef burger. the red snapper tacos with mango salsa was tasty and predictable yet presented a suprise fish bone that dampered my bliss. our dessert was a tasting of sorbets & one ice cream: blueberry, lime, and peach. this was an accurately fruity and refreshing ending.the service was kind, informative, and quick to please. i consider this experience overpriced, but i am in NYC and acknowledge i've written that same exact phrase many times over for far more disappointing food.The food was great and it was nice to have some variety in options! The restaurant was also very cute and had a nice ambiance. I would certainly return!This is what NYC considers decent tapas?  Really?I may be a "country mouse in the Big City" but I'm not stupid... if I get there at 9:25 for my 9:30 reservation and you tell me to wait upstairs and have a ($15) drink while you prep the table... I'm not buying it.  And you didn't even surprise me by following through with that obviously empty promise to come get me when the table was ready (apparently that takes a good half hour in NYC?).  Thanks for the warm welcome, you super cool and prestigious NYC restaurant, you.I'll admit that the drinks are notably fantastic. I had a basil lime gimlet, strawberry fields, AND a grapefruit mint martini - country mouse knows how to drink!The food is good, but not as impressive as it would need to be to get such a cold shoulder upon entry (ahem, The French Laundry treats it's patrons better, and that's unquestionably a better meal).  The bite-sized Caesar salad as a complimentary amuse = cute & excellent, the red snapper tacos = excellent and very flavorful, the mushroom risotto = sub-par and doused in lemon juice, the ribs = incredibly tender but average flavor, the chicken spring rolls = uneventful, the goat cheese ravioli = boring and overly peppered, the chicken 'n waffles = Gladys Knight would have a heart attack if she knew her famous dish was being butchered this badly (non-fried chicken on top of a Bisquik-caliber Belgian waffle and drizzled with balsamic vinagrette?  As a Georgia girl, I'm appalled), the pasta dish = average and Sbarro caliber, but luckily the dessert was a total highlight... homemade donut holes accompanied by 3 dipping sauces (of which the caramel was the star) and served with a Makers Mark spiked "milkshake" that I wish was of the 12oz variety.Overall, a good meal with positively fabulous company, but considering it's NYC, I would have expected FAR better from such a highly rated establishment.  Country mouse = not impressed.Stanton Social is one of my favorite restaurants in the whole city -- it's sleek and has a menu full of small plates, which are perfect for sharing.  The ambiance is young but refined, and the circular booths lend themselves to conversation.  It's an enjoyable experience on all fronts, and it helps that the food is absolutely delicious (and there are several iterations of goat cheese on the menu, which never hurts!)  Try the sliders (with pickles from the LES pickle man!), the French onion soup dumplings, and the potato and goat cheese pierogies -- and don't miss the chocolate tasting plate for dessert!  You won't be disappointed.Ate here with a friend of mine after a couple trips in larger groups.  This time around it was just two of us and I let our waiter explain the menu for my friend.  He then looked at us and suggested the two of us order "between four and six dishes for the two of you."  I looked at him and asked if he was serious.  I CAN be a big eater, but my friend and I were a normal sized guy and girl sitting down to dinner, not Tom Arnold and Roseanne Barr.  Nonetheless, we ordered and I had my first experience with the French Onion Soup Dumpling.  First of all, you have to be a fan of French Onion Soup, which I am really not.  Second of all, the flavour is intense to the point of being almost overwhelming.  Third, they are (as soup dumplings should be) piping hot; but piping hot isn't such a good thing when dealing with melted cheese...Overall, I like Stanton Social's bustling atmosphere and their simple twists (lets face it, nobody's reinventing the wheel here) on old favorites.  It can get loud and the waiters can get a little scatterbrained; but they do good work here.After going to Stanton Social twice in the last month I would definitely recommend this warm sophisticated restaurant for brunch on a Saturday or Sunday.  We made reservations easily through opentable both times with no problems at the entrance being seated right away. My favorite dishes have been the Red Snapper Tacos, Grilled Apple & Brie Quesadilla, Bittersweet Chocolate Spiked Pancakes, and Armando's Huevos Rancheros Soft Tacos.  Of the sliders we;ve tried the Kobe Philly, Grilled 'Cheese', and the Sausage, Biscuit, & Gravy all of which were delicious but may have put us over the top in heaviness :oP Except for the sliders, the other dishes are all shared family style which adds to the restaurant's ambiance and warmth. It's a great place to get together with a group of friends and enjoy some amazing food!It's a pretty place, but it's completely the uptown folks come downtown now that it's safe and cool sort of scene. They're one step up from THOR in terms of obliviousness to the neighborhood, but just one. Things change, but that doesn't mean that mean that a neighborhood that used to care about more important things should want to welcome the worshipers of Kirsten Dunst and the girl who got killed off in the Sopranos. Like totally hot. Just read the reviews, you'll see who goes and whom the place appeals to. We'd rather you all go MePa.if you LIVE for apps, this is THE spot to go. oh man. there's over 300 reviews so there's nothing i need to add to this. so good! def make a visit here!note, upstairs turns into a party late at night. never been but it seems like a solid crowd.Putting the scene aside, TSS is a top five meal of all time. Every bite out did the last. Be sure to make a reservation and make it early or be prepared for a longer wait and louder music.Romantic, chic, and fun at the same time. Can't go wrong coming here on a date. It's not your average tapas place- maryland jumbo lump crabcake corn dogs, chicken and waffles, goat cheese pierogies - stanton seems to turn average classic dishes into a creative invention. The cocktails were great too and well made.Tasty food, good looking crowd, nice interior.Cool place, but servers have an attitude, food is overpriced, and portions are too small (yes, I know it's tapas).This places rocks!! I went down to LES without a destination in mind. We actually found a parking spot which is near impossible downtown. Maybe because it was after 7? In any case, I just randomly picked S.Social and what a surprise! I did not eat there. I only had drinks. I went on a weeknight and the crowd was very pleasing. Everyone was kind of in their own worlds, which is mucho appreciated. Sometimes in NYC everyone is too much in everyone else's buisness. My date and I had watiress service on the comfy couches and the watiress was super sweet and attentive. Drinks were AWESOME and not watered down, at all. They weren't too strong either though. They were just right. Perfect spot for a date, friends or whatever. DEF recommend it !!! I'll be back! :)with a party of 15 girls, it's bound to be madness.  however, dinner went pretty smoothly here.  it was a rainy night when we all arrived, and i'm sure that contributed to our general impatience, but an awesome drink in the top floor lounge eased our irritation.  i really liked the ambiance here, including the lighting in the main dining room.  since our group was so big, we did get squeezed into a too small table and had to advance order our appetizers, entrees and desserts.some of the items that stood out in my mind were the french onion soup dumplings, green beans, fries, hanger steak, and the warm donuts!  overall, i think our set price dinner was a good value, and i'd go back to try the other items on the menu.It's a hot spot, its crowded, its loud...yadda yadda yadda. Like other reviewers said, you don't need to here every last detail (because I'm sure someone else hit in one of the other 500+ reviews) so I'll just talk about the food.Drinks: I had the watermelon margarita x 2 (YUM), the pineapple martini (strong, but yum), and I tried someone's Strawberry Fields but it was waaay to sweet for me.We had 2 of everything below for our party of 8.Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies - I would get these again in a hearbeat.French Onion Soup Dumplings - I dont know what all the fuss is about. Yes, they taste like the French Onion Soup, but the Gruyere cheese topping was so overwhelming that I actually gagged from the cheese overload.Chipotle Grilled Shrimp - Hot! But really tasty.Old School Meatballs w/ manicotti - Meh...I make better meatballs and the manicotti was mushy.Spring Pea & Ricotta Ravioli - Another meh. Could have been frozen for all I know.Grilled Ovendried Tomato Pizzetta  - Another meh. Hmm...something tells me that Italian-themed items are not to be jumped on here.Sweet & Sour Chicken & Cashew Spring Rolls - Really good. The dipping sauce is spicy but it didn't stop me from eating 2...maybe 3.Barbeque Duck Confit & Black Bean Empanadas - Another awesome one.Dessert was the warm sugar-coated doughnuts. The trio of sauces was yummy, but these doughnuts do fine on their own. We also had the 90 Proof Milkshake Shot. I might need to start adding a shot of Maker's Mark to all my frozen beverages.I was late to dinner so I'm sure I missed a few items that came and went before I arrived, but I'd love to return for the sliders, short rib tacos, red snapper tacos, risotto cakes, and the crab cake corn dogs.I think the prices were fair given the size of the plates. Drinks were pricey for this suburban girl, but its Manhattan. $13 cocktails aren't a surprise.Oh, I came here to update my review but it turns out I never wrote one.  So the brunch is very delicious here.  I like the tapas style so you get to try a whole bunch of stuff.  It is pricey but at least the food is good right?  My favorite are the donuts and pound cake and fries and lobster roll and french onion soup dumplings.  Basically everything.So why the 3 stars?  It would've been 5 stars for my first review, however, after my brunch experience 2 weekends ago, it has been downgraded to 3. Here is the reason.  I ordered a grapefruit juice.  I took a sip and it tasted like there was alcohol in it.  I don't drink alcohol.  I asked my friends to taste it.  They all agreed it had a fizz to it but it was not alcoholic.  Minutes later I took another sip.  It just didn't taste right.  I call the waiter over and told him it tasted funny and like there was alcohol in it.  He gave me a strange look but took the drink back.  Minutes later, he came back with a new drink and said (actual quote), "Oh the drink you had didn't have alcohol in it.  It's just gone bad so it started to ferment".   I accept this "apology" but then imagine my disgust when they charged me for the glass grapefruit juice anyway!I mean I am not cheap but how is this keeping good customer relations?Never again.I love getting drinkies and snackies and this is the perfect place for that. The french onion soup dumplings are the best thing on the menu and surprisingly filling. The blue corn crabcake corndogs are also absolutely delish. The mac and cheese is also amazing with chorizo.The lobster roll slider is yum yum yum.  My favorite drink is the strawberry fields. Stanton Social is the perfect place to start of a weekday night in a relaxed yet trendy setting before hitting up other places in the les.Crowded, a little snooty (front staff) but great food and somewhat reasonable...a real bargain is the brunch...stroll in around 3 on a saturday and go for it!this place is retarded.  retarded good.  we had a bachelorette brunch for 11 girls, and too many cocktails.  going with a bigger group is definitely a plus because then you can try everything and split the bill even and there's no bitching.the service was friendly and competent, extra points for his never losing patience with us 11 cackling girls.food was really good too:highly recommended- doughnuts, ricotta fritters, croque monsieurs, mac and cheeserecommended- french onion soup dumplings, meatballs, tacosnot recommended- chicken and waffles (i didn't try, but the girls consensus was "disappointment")I love tapas. We went to Stanton to celebrate my sister's birthday. It was a great combination, the wine selection was decent, andt the food was great! Our waiter was pretty nice too, handsome with several hicks on his neck!!! Hilarious. Something to break the ice. The French Onion soup dumplings were delicious, but be careful!!! and wait 'til they cool down for a while, because they are extremely hot! We also had the kobe beef burgers, beef carpaccio, smoked goat cheese ravioli, short rib tacos and and, and on... everything was delicious!Okay everyone. Seriously?Seriously??My best friend was in town for a short visit. I wanted to show her some of the best New York had to offer. When I saw the rave reviews for this place, and a four star average on yelp amongst 500+ users, I thought surely this place would impress and woo her. On the contrary, almost everything about this place disappointed me. The food was mediocre-- good but really nothing to rave about. We ordered 8 different things (which is A LOT for two people) and not a single dish really stood out or surprised me or gave me that wonderful feeling of awe I usually get when I eat delicious, gourmet food. And the ambiance! Can we say CONTRIVED?! It was totally faux bougie. The annoying techo-ish lounge music was a total buzz kill. I felt like I was in a movie scene that was TRYING to be New York. The service was also meh. Kind of slow. Not very personal. Basically, everything was just sub-par, which stands out as an even bigger disappointment if your expecting the best. Good cocktails though. In any case, Im totally bummed I chose to spend my one night with my best friend at this restaurant. I KNOW New York has more to offer than this, and I would never recommend this restaurant as the place to go if you wanted to impress someone.oh goodness. i came here for valentines day.our waiter was a sweetie, not to mention adorable. i arrived with an army of single females, and our first question to him was whether he was celebrating valentines or single awareness day. he said his valentine was also at work, but he was glad he could it at least spend it with us. *awww, your tip just went up 2%* anyway, he explained that each person should order 2-3 tapas, at least one of them from the right side of the menu. here's what i ordered:Barbeque Duck Confit  & Black Bean Empanadas with smoked tomato & blood orange jam ($10) - delicious! the blood orange jam was phenomenal.Pan Roasted Day Boat Scallops with coconut curry sauce, mushrooms, Vietnamese herbs ($19) - the scallops were cooked perfect, and the mushrooms were the best part. i don't even like mushrooms, but these were delicious!The Red Velvet 'Twinkie' with cream cheese - crème fraiche filling ($4) - dry. definitely do not recommend. it's only delicious in theory :(Bea's Gin-Lemon Mojito, Bombay Sapphire, shredded mint, fresh lemon,lemon syrup & lemon-lime soda ($13) - expensive, but strong!!portions were small, but in the end i was satisfied. we were afraid we'd have to buy a hot dog afterward, but we were all pretty content. i could have done without the dessert. i ended up paying $60 for my share. it's pricey, but the drinks, scene, and company made it worth it!Had the HIGHEST hopes for this spot since I had been wanting to come forever. Came here for a birhtday in a party of six and was enjoying our meal which was delicious, the place was a little too dark for my taste but really not a bid deal,, halfway through our meal we see black things in our water, waiter changes it, also no big deal, three quarters of our meal later, a HUGE water bug crawls across the table on to one of the women in my parties arm! She tried to not completely loose it which was tough cause that sucker was huuuuge. The waiter then proceeded to come over and when we told him what had happened and that we would like to switch tables he looked at us like we were nuts, finally after we had to convince him to move we let him know that we we're no longer interested in the last 3 dishes that were coming out because we all felt a bit queasy. All the while this is going down, not once did the manager come over to apologize, Instead he sat at a table in the back of the restaurant texting away and staring at us, a little common courtesy and an apology would have went a longggg way here, but nothing. To top of the horrible experience, they didn't bring out a birthday dessert which was the whole purpose of the dinner and the waiter and hostess had been told at least 3 times during dinner and another time while making the reservation, way to ruin what was supposed to be a nice birthday dinner. When the bill came, we were shocked that every single plate was on the bill, even the ones we NEVER touched after the monstrous bug crawled onto our table! We left feeling pretty ripped off and disgusted by the manager and whole staff. I understand that unfortunately these things may happen in the restaraunt business, but if it was handled in a professional manner this would have not been the devastating experience that it turned into. Honestly, if it was possible, I would give this place -5 stars, not for the food which we actually enjoyed in the beginning of the night, but for the management of the place which was so extremely poor.  We tried so hard to like this place, but ultimately it was impossible by the end of the night. :(The place is nice. It is definitely place for young crowd. The food was great! BUT everything is fried (that is why it is good). So if you are thinking about a healthy meal, that would not be a restaurant for you.food:  so overrated.  semi-inventive combinations in theory on paper.  in practice, not so much.scene:  will appeal to those who love what the LES has become.upstairs bar:  can be fun in if you're already drunk.bottom line:  if you want to be completely floored by a meal, this is not the place.  people rating it 4 and 5 stars are clearly easily distracted by superficial flash.  definitely not a bad meal, but completely, utterly falls short of all the hype.  soak up the scene at the bar instead.  if you must.When (if) I grow up, I want to be the Stanton Social.  It is the perfect union of uptown glam with downtown hip.We tried to get a table on a Saturday night. "5PM or 11PM?" were the offers. Or we were offered a chance to compete in the free for all at the lounge upstairs, first come first serve. We decided to take a gamble with this latter option and showed up around 9PM.  The place was full, but not packed, and we had ample room at the bar to engage in conversation (it wasnt too loud to prohibit this) and await our table. And await we did.  My wisest advice would be, if arriving w/o a reservation, do not come hungry.  You will eat your hand while awaiting.  Still, the host was friendly about updating us; and cheerful through my many update requests.So that part sucked, but what was great was the literal revolving door of beautiful women that walked in through the lounge door.  It's almost as though we were sitting on some model baggage claim at the Ford Modeling Agency, as group after group after group of stunners came through the door and made themselves comfortable.The patrons were very friendly as well, and we met a few groups of people from New York, from London, from LA, from Brooklyn, and so it went.Well, eventually despite the fun we were having, food could wait no longer. By this point it was 10.30 and we weren't believing the hostess anymore that "you are next"So we went back downstairs to the main dining room and got seated instantly. Go figure.And fellas..again I would say the ratio was probably 1 guy for every 15 women. Insane.The food was delicious...french onion soup pot stickers, empanadas, something else I cannot remember...but it was all delicious and not too expensive.  The crowd was friendly downstairs too and we struck up a friendly conversation with the table next to us, something I have never done in a restaurant.That's all; Im going back next Saturday.Love this place! Every time I'm in NYC, I make it a point to visit.Cool, trendy feel in the upstairs lounge. Comfortable seating with waitress service. I remember the food being pretty good. Get the sliders. Drinks are a bit on the pricey side.I only came here for drinks...but I really liked the vibe...met crush of the week there...had a few cocktails with friends and watched as a completely obliterated 20 something ate sh*t down the stairs upstairs...It was an interesting time....came here last night..no problem getting in to go upstairsno problem walking through a hostess to get seats ourselves on a section couch in the loungeservice was fast, waitress made good suggestionsit was just me and a date, first time going for drinks with him.  very good place to go.  relaxing, easy to have a one on one convo, no one bothered uspineapple 75 drink was amazingcheesecake was good toowould i go back? yes, but not for a couple weeks.why? the place is great, but theres a lot of cool places in the area tooSuper over-hyped.  Contrary to the rave reviews on the onion soup dumplings/kobe beef burger/crabcake corndogs, I found most items on the menu to be very mediocre - not bad, but nothing amazing.  The only thing that was close to wowing me were the brie and apple quesadillas.  I didn't order any drinks, but my friends who did said the cocktails tasted horrible and they messed up basics such as gin+tonic or rum+coke.   The space and atmosphere is really nice, but the food doesn't excite me much.  Overall a fun place if you don't care about food quality.Went there for the first time the other night and I absolutely loved it! Was upstairs in the lounge area. Great ambiance all around. Our waitress was very friendly and drinks were stiff. Also tried the French Onion Soup dumplings and they were pretty much amazing, definitely a must if you go there. I will most definitely be back!Really enjoyed it!  We had the french onion soup dumplings.  They were good, but I they were a little on the sweet side, I prefer my french onion soup to be more on the salty side.  We also had the goat cheese pirogies.  They were super yummy, but are a tad bland if you don't use the accompanying sauce.  The tuna tartare was amazing!  I love the use of seaweed salad in the dish.  My husband really enjoyed the hanger steak and the short rib tacos.  I'm not a huge red meat eater, so no surprise that I didn't really like them.  The drinks were also delicious, my favorite was the strawberry fields.Make sure you have a reservation on a weekend night or you won't be able to get in, we saw a few groups who tried to come in and were told they were completely booked for the night, and that was at 6:30, which was the only reservation available when we made ours a week and a half prior.  That being said the tables are really jammed in there.  I kind of felt like we were eating with the people next to us, but that's not crazy unusual in NYC.We loved this place! This is one of the best places we've been for dinner in NYC. The French Onion Soup Dumplings are amazing and the place has a cool vibe. My only small complaint is that its very loud, more so than other restaurants in the city. Would highly recommend to anyone though!The food is so delicious that it makes up for the fact that the crowd is pretty horrendous, and the fact that it's gotten so popular that they have shoved seating in every possible place they can (no, I wouldn't like to spend $100 to eat with my plate balanced precariously in my lap, thanks very much.)  If I'm going to spend the night filling my face with kobe beef sliders and warm donuts, I'd rather not do it next to Jessica Alba, but if that's the cost, it's worth it.  Best beef wellington I've ever had.Delicious and creative food, in fun, small, shareable portions, delivered by friendly and efficient staff.loves it.  very cute very chic very trendy very cozy / bar lounge.  when i think of NYC, i think of the Stanton Social.  It's got that impossibly cool, but pleasantly welcoming feeling.  They serve asian fusion in little dishes, perfect for sharing, but in order to get full you're going to have to get a lot of food.  The lounge is good for big groups, but for dinner, I say stick to 4 people or less so you can actually get your money's worth in trying out each dish.sexy decor.Can I just say how cryptic their website is?  Okay, now that that's off my chest... I'll just rank the items we ordered (from best to worst), since nearly everything has already been said...1. Warm Doughnuts: 6 delightful pillows of warm dough with 3 dipping sauces... perfect!2. Chocolate Tasting: Very creative dish of 4 mini-servings.  Awesome presentation and enough to share among 2-3 people easily.3. Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies: Absolutely wonderful upscale interpretation of a dish I already love.4. Social Tea: Really well-made cocktail, but drink it before all the ice melts, which makes for a sad drink at the end.5. French Onion Soup Dumplings: I guess I'm not that huge of a fan of French Onion Soup, but they were good.  About 6-7 servings.6.Main Crabcake "Corn Dogs": They were a fun take on the crabcake and tasty, but nothing that really wowed me.  There were only 3, so I thought that was kinda skimpy.7. Chicken Mole Taquitos: Skip it.  Not seasoned very well and nothing special whatsoever.  The decor was excellent and is definitely an "NYC" sort of thing that would impress out-of-town friends or relatives.  Overall, the desserts were MUCH better than the food, so it would be a nice place to come for drinks and desserts.  The best part of dinner was as we were leaving though, while the waitress was speaking to the table next to us:Waitress: Welcome!  Is this your first time here?Guy: Well, kind of.  I used to live about 2 blocks from here.Waitress: ... okay.Fabulous food and ambience, a must if you're hanging out in the Lower East Side.  Do you like XLBs, but you're white and you have no idea what XLBs are?  Don't worry, Stanton has French Onion Soup Dumplings which are like their Americanized yet Frenchy distant cousins.  They're delicious, served on an escargot plate, and swimming in beurre and cheese.  The mini doughnuts with caramel sauce are divine.The braised short rib arepas are definitely worth a try.  The only problem with this restaurant is that you wouldn't come here alone, but you definitely don't want to share the plates with your friends!The place is very beautiful and trendy and the concept was cute and unique - american tapas.  The food was good, but not great.  The wine we had was excellent, but we had to pour it ourselves for the most part.  Great for a larger group.  I was there in a party of 4 and we ordered 10 things total and I think it was just the right amount of food.  With that and our 2 bottles of red our bill came to around $300+tip.  Our server was a bit inattentive and slightly out of it, but the busboys were excellent, and luckily they were the ones bringing out the food.  It was a bit messy eating, so don't wear your finest silk.  I was wearing a light colored dress and was terrified of getting a grease stain.  I felt of the things we ordered, many were a bit too greasy/fried.  We all enjoyed the crab cake corn dog thingies, I think they were everyone's favorite.  I also really liked the pierogies with goat cheese.  We had to wait to get into the bar upstairs after our meal, which was a bit annoying, and then we realized we could have just snuck up the back staircase from the main dining room.  Loved the rounded booth we were seated in.  I would return with a bigger group perhaps.   Service in the bar upstairs was lacking, I think the out of work actor/bartender was neither a decent bartender nor a decent actor (because if he was he would have been able to at least act like a decent bartender).  Interesting drink choices.  Cheap Veuve.This is an absolutely beautiful restaurant.  The dishes are delicious, while pricey and on the small-tapas-style side, it's worth the splurge.  Perfect for getting together with friends and sharing many things.  And the beverages... whoo!  Watch out!  I had three martinis and continued on to mercury lounge for a friend's show where I ran around like an ass clown raising money for "a good cause!!"  "what cause is that?"  "A good one!!!"Went for brunch with a group of friends and thoroughly enjoyed the experience. Service was quick and waitress was nice. We were seated right on time for our reservation. Were a large group and they took a max of 4 credit cards and gratuity was not included even though we were a party of 9. They also have a gluten free menu.Loved the Pierogies, onion soup dumplings, pizzetta and breakfast bruschetta. Also really enjoyed the pull apart bread and taquitos. The ricotta fritters and mac and cheese were just ok compared to everything else. Loved the tapas style, added more pieces to most of the items ordered so everyone could have a piece with only a small extra charge.Great place to go to to try out a bunch of dishes and with a group of people who are willing to try different things.I really enjoy going to Stanton Social, whether for its thirst-quenching drinks or delectable sliders/tapas, or both!The first time I went to Stanton Social was for an impromptu date that came out of the blue. She recommended we trek to the Lower East Side, so after finding the place, we made our way to the upstairs lounge where the crowd was social and lively! The atmosphere was very swanky, along with its patrons. We ended up sharing a couch with another couple. Interesting story about them; the guy must have been 45 years old but 25 at heart, while his date, aka his "arm candy", had to be 25 or younger. At first we were a bit shy in socializing with them but after a few drinks, the 4 of us were laughing it up together! We started buying eachother rounds and my date got so drunk, at one point she asked him "so are you her dad or something?" lol, but he laughed and said that would be incestuous if he was lol. I had to buy them another drink just to maintain our drunk diplomacy and it was a good evening for all.Anyway, getting back to this review about Stanton Social (sorry I have a tendency to digress), the upstairs lounge is pretty hip, yet can be a bit claustrophobic once it starts filling up in the later hours. Make sure you claim a couch as soon as you can! The cocktails on the menu were delicious and creative, certainly able to get you on a good buzz. Defintely try the following:Black MagicPear-Ginger Sake MartiniChampagne JulepBasil-Lime GimletThe second time I went to Stanton Social, me and my usual group of friends were able to get reservations for dinner and were seated in the dining area downstairs. The crowd was especially beautiful, while the atmosphere was effortlessly hip and sleek. The dim-lighting was just right, and each time we came, we were able to get their booth seating which was great because the booth setup provided us a good level of intimacy and privacy while still allowing us to watch the crowd. The food menu is just as good and worth going back for. My group and I have gone to Stanton Social a few more times and this is what we usually order and share amongst the group, brought to us in a specific order:Potato & Goat Cheese PierogiesGrilled Pizzeta with the chicken-apple sausageKobe Beef BurgerMeatballsLobster RollBeef WellingtonThe service was attentive, really had no complaints about it. We usually ask for them to bring us our plates in a specific order and pace, and they have always obliged with no problems. If there were any complaints about Stanton Social, is that sometimes the upstairs can get very crowded and there's a wait list to go at times. Also, to no fault of Stanton Social, my group and I sometimes go overboard on the amount of drinks and food we order and can get preeeeetty pricey lol.If you go to Stanton Social for the first time, you shouldn't be disappointed! Just make sure to bring your 'A' game, a nice set of clothes, and your credit card hehe.N.B. - Usually the downstairs dining area is saved for parties with reservations, but if you happen to be in the area around 12am or 1am, you have a good chance of getting a seat downstairs for some late night dining.I've died and gone to flawless food heaven(ok a bit of an overstatement, but after reading a bazillion reviews and having enjoyed many a delicious strawberry fields cocktail in the bar sans food...it was time to get my hands on all SS had to offer)It was the perfect choice for a 5-girl birthday extravaganza...not only did they portion out most of the small plates to feed 5, but in the end, after ordering most of the menu and sucking down two cocktails each plus the INCREDIBLE DESSERT SHOT mmmmm, we each got outta there decently south of $100.The food:(and we were also catering to the vegetarian-leaning bday girl for some of these options)--Edamame with spicy miso glaze & Miso glazed mushrooms...Delicious. we couldn't keep our hands out of the bowl of the former and the latter was to die for--the miso was spot on--not too salty, not to sweet. Just mmmm. Simple yet satisfying.--Baby spinach salad. It's always nice i think to have at least one 'fresh' dish on the table--the greens and nuts were a perfect palette cleanser and the fresh spinach cut the heavier, more oily dishes abound.--Piquillo pepper bruschetta was fantastic. A perfect combination of textures and a play on warm and cool; it was assertive without being overwhelming. Delicious.--Soup Dumplings. I don't need to say a thing about these babies...we ordered 2 and they're hefty enough to leave you pregnant-bellied and happy. They are mortal opposites of Anita Lo's delicate foie gras dumpling, but they're density is delicious...and also accounts for the lingering scent of onions and truffles that hangs in the air of the dimly lit three story restaurant. --Red snapper tacos. One of the favorites. Sweet meets sour meets a delicate understated fish. Mmmm.Spicy lamb souvlakis. A bit overcooked and I have to say the harissa aoli was a bit over-spiced, but the plate was still cleaned!Chipotle Grilled Shrimp w feta and tomatillo. Simple. Delicious. We wanted more. Grilled shrimp is a staple and while this dish didn't blow us away, it was a great fresh meaty (in so far as shrimp has a pleasant mouthfeel and lets you know it's there) accompaniment to the other players on the table.-Hudson Valley foie gras. A. MAZE. BALLS. sorry, scuse my french but holy hell this was divine. Again, it's not that hard to mess up foie but this was like foie donning a sequined party dress. Mmmmm.--Grilled eggplant parm. So So So good. Like, I could be a vegetarian if this was what I was 'made' to eat. Not over oily in the least and was perfectly filling and kept our forks poking. --KObe sliders. OMFG. I could've had 12 of these. Perfectly cooked, with or without cheese you can't lose. The best mini burger I've ever had, hands down.--Social mac and cheese was pretty standard. It was god don't get me wrong, i mean it is mac and cheese, but it pales in comparison with Cafeteria's mac attack.--Pierogies. &. Short rib tacos. My least favorites of the evening. The pierogies were far too dense in an unappealing way--the potato and pastry crust ratio was a bit off. With the tacos, they were just very eeh. There were far more appealing options on the table.I am dying to try the octopus, tuna sashimi, crusted salmon, scallops, meatballs...droolingnowall over myselfIt was truly a memorable evening..not only because i was surrounded by amazing company, but the food really was an event in itself and along with strong and plentiful cocktails...Stanton Social gets a bonafide A+ and I will be back...oftenIn attendance for a birthday party.  Expected an over-hyped, played out restaurant.  The atmosphere was a bit seen-be-seen, but the food was amazing.  I mean, every bite delicious goodness.  Every bite, yum.  Not one bad plate.  Those spare ribs - I could live in the sauce.  The miso glazed sea bass had a butter like texture.  The steak frites perfectly proportioned.  I was in love with the pork tacos.  I'm making a return trip very soon.I took my girlfriend here on her birthday with a couple of her friends. The food was enjoyable and the ambiance was spectacular. The portions are very small and were finished quickly but the next dish always came at the right time. The wine list was phenomenal. The second floor had high ceilings and most of the lighting came from candlelight. Probably one of the most expensive meals I've ever had in the LES, would go back to impress friends.Absolute favorite place to get dinner with friends. Ask for a table upstairs as it is much more laid back and "lounge-like". Planning on going here for my next birthday! You can dress up or down for stanton socialThis place has been my favorite spot for years now based of the creative and tasty tapas menu. It can be a bit pricy for a casual dinner but when my friends visit I would come here and never let me down.Chose this restaurant for our anniversary dinner last night and will certainly always remember it.  The room downstairs was airy, dramatic and appealing.  Unfortunately for us, we were directed upstairs to the overly bright loft area and seated in the claustrophobic back section near the kitchen.  And yes, we had reservations. The service and drinks were good, but the food varied wildly from the justly praised French onion soup dumplings to the school cafeteria level crab cake corn dogs.I can't say what the desserts were like because we just wanted to leave as soon as possible.I had very high hopes for The Stanton Social after reading all of the Yelps the past few days. The food was definitely good (especially the french onion dumplings that everyone raves about), but the service was absolutely AWFUL. We waited more than an hour after placing an order for our food and when we asked the waiter where it was he said it was on it's way and wasn't even apologetic about the long wait. I would understand if it was a busy Saturday evening, but it was a Tuesday and there weren't many other tables in the restaurant. However, the food was very good when it finally came out...my favorites (besides the french onion dumplings) were the crab cake corn dogs and the warm donut hole dessert. The Stanton Social is  definitely worth checking out based on the food...hopefully you'll get better service than we did.Great place for brunch!! Bring friends, and it 's always refreshing after a night out. All the dishes are very good, although the kobe beef burger can be a bit better and the brie/apple one is a bit bland. I really like the french onion dumplings, the silver dollar pancakes, the doughnuts, and the lobster dish.Gorgeous and tasteful atmosphere. Food is decent. I do get confused cause it's suppose to be "American" and tatpas combination. But i see a lot of Asian influence like Mu Shu shrimp and sushi stuff.  The wait is scary. Try to get a reservation from opentable. Overall decent experience, more on the pricy side. I will prob go back to grab a drink and snacks instead of having a whole meal there.Awesome service. The food is fantastic but small plates and small portions. Pricey for the amount of food you get.  Very fun, creative menu.  Beautiful decor inside. You definitely feel like this is a "NYC" experience.  Good to take your out of towners or on a date. Make reservations!!! This is a must to ensure a seat.So many great things about this place- the food is amazing, it is tapas style so you order together and get a little taste of everything. It was all delicious. Great ambience... And the best part- prices are reasonable! Paid around 55$ each for 2 bottles of wine, 10 dishes, and desserts for 6 people.The Stanton Social is an illustration of a beautiful design, from the decor to the service to the cuisine. I have had the pleasure of dining here twice now, once with one other diner and once with a large group.  Both visits were excellent, and I can't wait to return.  The interior of the restaurant is stunning.  The first floor dining area is full of deep, rich colors and beautiful textures, especially the lovely red tiled ramp that takes you from the entrance to the dining room.  The lights are attractive and date-worthy, and the dark wood furniture adds a contemporary feel.  Upstairs at the bar/lounge, the colors are lightened but no less rich in feeling.  The bar itself has a lovely green tiled counter top, and the delicate cherry blossom wall coverings are a beautiful backdrop against the linear leather furniture.  If Asian fusion were a decorating style, this would be it.The bar gets crowded, so if you don't want to stand cattle-style among your fellow drinkers, get there early.  It's well worth it.  The bartenders are friendly, attractive, and skilled.  The specialty cocktails are very good - I have had the Social Tea and the Pink Grapefruit Mint Martini, both delicious. The food is wonderful, and I am one of those people who is kind of over of tapas-style dining.  If you feel the same way, imagine instead that you have been invited to a fabulous party or social event, and a top chef has prepared the most divine appetizers for you to taste.  The bonus is that you get to do this sitting down instead of standing.  You want to order a lot, because everything is very unique and tasty.For dinner, I have tried the following dishes:French Onion Soup Dumplings - all that they are cracked up to be and more.  When I describe them to people in conversation, I always hear, "Wow".  And they are even better than they sound.  Must must must have.Squid Lettuce Wraps - an interesting take on the chicken lettuce wraps served in contemporary Asian restaurants.  The smokiness of the squid pairs nicely with the cool lettuce.Warm Spinach Salad - really good, nice compliment to some of the heavier dishesRed Snapper Tacos - yummy, spicy fish in small, hard corn shells.  Mango salsa gives it a tropical flavor.Lobster Paella Cakes - YUM.  Delicious to look at and eat.  A mussel atop lobster atop a corn cake.  Kobe Beef Burgers - very good - a trio of sliders with great flavor.  A signature dish.Pizetta - just ok - thin crust pizza with tomatoes, mozzarella and basil.  Skip this and try something else.Wasabi-Pea Crusted Wild Salmon - delicious, with a very unique and kicky crust.  Moist fish.  Served with noodles.Frites - good, served with spicy mayo for dipping.  Edamame - very interesting - they are sauteed in spices which gives them a unique flavor, but a slightly wet texture due to the sauce - so slightly messier to eat than the traditional version.Haricot Verts - deliciously al dente green beans with citrus and cheese flavors.Desserts:Apple Empanadas - very good - small bites of apple goodness in a flaky crust, with a caramel dipping sauce.  Great for fall.Coffee Trio - incredible - tastes of three desserts using coffee as the ingredient (like your own mini Iron Chef experience), each more delicious than the last.Cookie Sampler - ok, some are better than others, and the novelty of seeing a mini Black & White cookie is fun, but other desserts here are better.Donuts - amazing!  Melt-in-your-Mouth Hot fresh "donuts" (larger than donut holes, but not cake-style with a hole)  with a trio of dipping sauces including chocolate and strawberry.  I was waiting in line for the bathroom and met two other women, and the three of us bonded over these.  Want to make your date swoon (and possibly see his or her "sex-face")?  Donuts.  Trust.The service is very good, although it is not really a space to linger - they have a lot of business and want to make sure they can accommodate their overflowing reservations.  However, we did not feel rushed at all - it was more that they had a team on hand to whisk away our plates and bring new ones almost simultaneously - not easy for a party of ten.  Anyway, after such a great experience, you are primed to go out and explore the LES with a smile on your face.The girls and I hit this restaurant as the first stop of our bachelorette party for our friend Michele.  There seemed to be swarms of other large parties of women celebrating the last several days or weeks of singlehood for this very well-situated spot, 2 blocks away from a very famous male revue.At any rate, the food was served very much tapas-style...the portions were small, but relatively share-able, or we just ordered 2 servings. Amongst the dishes that we tried:* Warm piquillo pepper crostini -- The first thing that came out to our table. Not all that exciting, but it had a decent kick of flavor.* Kobe beef sliders -- A totally mini burger,  but oh so juicy!* Grilled apple and brie quesadillas -- Mmmm...with the generous topping of bacon, dee-lish-cious!!* Empanadas* Maine crabcake "corn dogs" -- Not too shabby, like a upscale version of a county fair staple.* French onion soup dumplings -- Never have seen this before on a menu.  Totally inventive and totally cheesy!* Moo shu shrimp -- A fun variation on the theme, and the sauce had a great spicy zing to it.* Braised short ribs soft tacos -- Wow!  So tender and flavorful...they were a meal unto their own.* Mac n cheese (chorizo and overdried tomatoes) -- With the chorizo, the flavor was uniquely zesty.  For how much food we ordered and for it being such a scene, it was actually a pretty reasonably priced meal in NY.Not your typical tapas place, this reminded me a lot of Andalu in SF. It definitely has the vibe of NYC- dimly lit with two floors and very happening on a thurs night (make sure you make reservations!). It's a great place to go with a large group and try a little bit of everything - my favorite were the french onion dumplings (the soup just squirts in your mouth!), kobe beef sliders, and mac & cheese. I wasn't a big fan of the sushi (stick with the interesting fusion items). Great for people watching :)If it weren't for the bathroom design, I would give The Stanton Social five stars.  I made reservations for two online, it was really easy and when I called to confirm, the woman was really nice.  The restaurant is dark with a simple design of  tables on the first floor and a bar/lounge upstairs.  My issue  with the bathroom is that the door opens directly into the restaurant...an opaque wall or something would be nice so that diners don't have to see who goes in and out of the restroom. Also the single stall room is unisex, and sorry boys, but you usually leave the unisex toilets messy.With that said, I hope I didnt spoil the review for the food... the French Onion Soup dumplings are a must order!  Very cheesy, very rich, but really good.  The butternut squash ravioli was also at the top of my favorite list. The wasabi pea crusted salmon served on top of cold noodles was flavorful and of course had that wasabi kick to it =p The spring rolls were, good, but I feel like you can get spring rolls anywhere.  The kobe burger was tiny! and it had ketchup inside...I was expecting something more, so I would go without the burger.  The grilled cheese, which is also tiny was very good.  Nicely toasted bread with cheese, some veggie thing, and bacon, a nice combination of flavors.  I was really full after the third dish, but I kept eating because I am a foodie and I wanted to try a lot of stuff...and of course there is always room for dessert.  The warm doughnuts are delightful!  Served with three dipping sauces, the berry looking one is strange, but the caramel sauce is wonderful.I would definitely recommend this restaurant to someone looking for a nice dining experience or date place.  The fact that the dishes are small allow you to decide how much you want to eat, and it lends to a more communal dining event when you share your food.  This is a great place, no wonder it has so many reviews...and apparently Beyonce had a birthday here.It was 12am and I was in a very unfamiliar part of town.Staying at the Battery Park Ritz Carlton, limited food and drink options were available, which in daylight hours is filled with busting bankers and lawyers. Welcome to the land of power lunches and happy hour.Step in Stanton Social.The lower East Side's choice for the sexiest two-story lounge and restaurant. Modeled after the 1940's era, you will see the demure influence in everything from the waitstaff's attire to the herringbone pattern of the 2,000 bottles of wine on display on the main floor, to the fringe and hand mirrors decorating the walls.The upstairs bartender at Stanton was a doll and concocted several drinks for me including The Social Tea (Ketel One Citron, gunpowder green tea and orange-honey marmalade), Strawberry Fields ( Grey Goose Citron, fresh strawberries muddled with lemon-lime syrup, fresh lemon juice and a Riesling floater), and my person favorite, The Basil-Lime Gimlet (Belvedere Vodka, muddled basil leaves, lemon syrup and fresh lime juice.) If you are hungry, I would highly recommend the Grilled Cheese Slider. The size of a golf ball, the mini-sandwich is Jasper Hills Farms Cheddar, house cured jalapeno bacon, fried green tomatoes and lemon aioli. Another option I tried was the Old School Meatballs, with basil and manicotti. Hearty but light, these meatballs literally melted in your mouth. The menu at Stanton is all small-plates-multi-orgin-emphasis-on-comfort-food, so their is something for everyone. Other mouth-watering items included: an array of sliders, grilled pizzette, french onion soup dumplings, braised short rib tacos, crab cake corn dogs and foie gras PB & J. One thing I have to say is that the food is not consistent. The grilled cheese is different every time I show up now, and I've had some great meals here...and some very unmemorable ones. Would have Stanton higher stars if it was more consistent. For the hard core foodie, this may be a better place for just drinks.Had drinks here at the bar on the top after dining at Beauty and Essex. It was pretty empty on a Thursday night around 10 which I found weird. Drinks were fine, nothing special. Atmosphere was alright but I would have preffered to be somewhere with a view or at least windows.Go here for the french onion soup dumplings and an exquisitely designed room (can I have this lighting follow me around???) It's also great for groups as mentioned, but you'll get more points if they're from out of town as the food isn't that amazing.Very tasty, very innovative, very hip and very, very, very loud. Seriously, I'm only 20 years old and this place had me feeling like a middle aged person wishing for an aspirin from the loudness of the music. The food was really good, all were very creative interpretations of the original dishes and were good for sharing. I love tapas style eating because you can sample as many dishes as you want. I would recommend the French onion soup dumplings, the duck empanadas, the passionfruit cheesecake with basil sorbet (so refreshing), and the 90 proof milkshake shots. But the music was way too loud. I understand that it's trying to be hip and stylish, but really. When I'm eating I want to be able to talk to my dining companions. I would return here for brunch, but not for dinner. The wait was also awful even though I'd made reservations before hand. The hostess was also terrible, possibly the most vapid, dull-eyed creature I have ever met in my life. If she wasn't a size zero, there is no way that she would ever be in the working world. I went up no less than 5 times to inquire after my table and each time she would ask for every single piece of information all over again, then sort of wander around lifelessly without seeming to be actively looking for a table before telling me it would be a while longer. She even had the nerve to cut me off midway through me telling her my name, to 'HOLD ON A SECOND!' Seriously? I have been holding on for thirty minutes!! Ugh, I hate incompetent people. Anyway, good food, not too ridiculous prices, would return for lunch/brunch.July 28, 2008So I did return for brunch, and this time I was somewhat underwhelmed. Thankfully, the music was softer, providing a nicer atmosphere and I was seated almost immediately. I guess the incompetent hostess only works the night shift. The brunch offerings are pretty much the same with the addition of a few breakfast foods (pancakes, eggs benny, etc). This time however, I found the food a little unsatisfying. It's as though once you get over the novelty factor of everything being tiny and cute and creative, it actually isn't that great. The food's still good, but there's no wow-factor on the repeat visit. So, three stars.SO good.Gotta get the french onion soup dumplings.My boo loved the goat cheese pierogi, I thought they were just ok.I LOVED the kobe beef slider.  The 4th kobe beef burger i've tried and I thought it ruled supreme. They made the beef perfectly tender and juicy.The butternut squash ravioli with vanilla butter were a bit disappointing....too sweet and just kind of "missing" somethingChestnut waffles with brick-pressed chicken and balsamic spiked maple syrup -- absolutely fabulous.Glad we booked this place for a girls night out/ birthday. Free coat check in the front, and we sat upstairs. Honestly, I would've preferred the booths because it was more intimate and quiet. The bar on the 2nd floor gets crowded and the music gets in the way of a good conversation.Anyway, the food comes quickly and the drinks were really good. It's a good mix and you have something for every one's palette. We received complimentary toast with garlic and some sort of fruit spread (tasty) as we decided what we wanted. They have plates that are for sharing (left of the menu as we were told) and individual sized portions as well (appetizers, right of the menu). The pierogies were really great, and they really pop with flavor. The spicy tuna roll wasn't all that- avoid it. This is not the place to get sushi- stick with something else. We had pizzetta which was a good size for the group of 5. Thin and crispy with a good topping of tomatoes and cheese. We shared the mooshoo shrimp crepes- which were really fun to eat because it was different from all the fried carbohydrates. VERY flavorful. Lastly, we had the butternut squash raviolis- my favorite. Dessert- You have to get the $16 chocolate sampling- it's unbelievable. The molten smores cake was also quite tasty. Def. a good place to pick to grab drinks and meet with friends.i was taken here late night for birthday sweets by a friend who was able to get me in by making a call to someone.  i don't know if he just did that to make it seem like he was important, or if you'd actually have to know someone to get sweets at midnight on a weekday, but i must say that was the best birthday surprise ever!they have a chocolate sampler, possibly called "chocolate sampler", possibly called something entirely more inventive.  but what you get is a crystal tray with the following on it, all made right there at stanton social:  chocolate ice cream, chocolate truffles, chocolate cookies and cakes, chocolate mousse, and a hot chocolate shot with a homemade marshmallow.  it's enough for at least 2 people to share, it's completely fabulous and perfect.  and i needed a shot of insulin afterward.  but that was almost a year ago and i still dream about it.  truth.It was my birthday, so it had to be good......my food fanatic aficionado Heidi Z. was in charge but deferring to me......suggestions were coming in sporadically but nothing clicked until my #1 food whore Robert R. mentioned onion soup dumplings......and that did it!  In a city where it seems it has all been done and nothing is new - onion soup dumplings were extremely appealing.  We gathered from all over the world it seems - Hell's Kitchen, Brisbane, Upper East Side, Napa, Upper West Side, Firenze, Chelsea........all foodies from both kitchen and dining room points of view......and we all agreed it was worth it!Yes, it was a little loud and yes the food was a little salty - but that was just so you order more drinks.....a little pricey - but they are REALLY GOOD!  Basil-Lime Gimlet?  good! Cucumber-Vanilla Cosmopolitan? good! 1940s Champagne Julep?  Keep 'em coming!!!The Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies took Queen B. and I down memory lane to another LES location......too bad there was no grilled cheese and tomato on the SSC menu....that would have put us over the top!Rhode Island Style Lobster Rolls tasty - up there with the best of them - I did have my first chicken 'n waffles experience here - very interesting but not the orgasmic experience I was expecting......as for the french onion dumplings - FAB!  I wanted more!  In fact I considered another order in place of dessert.....but alas the candle would not have endured the hot plate so instead they brought out the cutest little cupcake plus donut holes and milkshake shots - All in all a most excellent evening!  Thank you Robert, Heidi Lori, Bernadette, Jonathan, The Boss, Adam, Brian, Megan, Joshua, Samantha, Brea, Danielle and Stanton Social!Really good place to go before a night out - great vibe, drinks, and people.  They've got a great bar upstairs to suck some cash out of your wallet before your name is called for dinner.  Dinner itself is very tasty and who doesn't love tapas?We came here as a recommendation from our hotel so we weren't expecting much, but were very pleased! Not only was our waitress very pretty with a charming accent, but the food was wonderful! Everything we got was tres yummy!Love Monday nights here - go for dinner late then head upstairs for cocktails and to hang out.  Just like everyone else - my fav is the french onion soup dumplings, the philly steak sliders......the blood orange cocktail isnt bad either.  Definitely recommend - great food, great crowd and great ambiance.We had our first experience at the Stanton Social last week and while I came in somewhat skeptical, I left more than satisfied. Everything from the food, the ambience and our service was wonderful. As highlighted by many of the other members, the potato and goat cheese perogis, french onion soup dumplings and red snapper tacos are not to be missed. The only fault I have with the place is that our orders were messed up several times and we were often given plates that we hadn't requested. The waiter explained that there was some issue with their computer system and that the charges would be removed from the bill, and they were. All in all, its the perfect place to go with a smaller group for a celebratory dinner or even just for drinks. Will be back soon.great for large groups so you're able to share everything tapas style.  service was good and not overly attentive.  came here on sat at 8PM with a group of 5 with no reservations and were seated immediately.  score!stand outs for me were the red snapper tacos, french onion soup dumplings, and surprisingly the pizza!i'd pass on the duck dumplings and the foie gras with peanut brittle and jelly.  you hardly taste the foie gras and it tastes just like a pb & j sandwich you make at home.  regretted not trying to kobe beef sliders but its something to look forward to next time i'm back here.I love this place! Fun decor, friendly staff and delicious cuisine...Stanton's where it's at.This is totally a see-and-be-seen kind of place, so if you're coming to NYC to experience some trendy Manhattan restaurants, definately add the Stanton Social to your list!Like Steve C., I highly recommend the french onion soup dumplings. My mouth is watering just thinking about them.Had brunch this morning (Saturday) - had reservations that were scheduled right when the restaurant opened.  Seated promptly with a smile.  Overall great service.  I had the warm donuts and the caramelized banana pancakes.  The warm donuts with caramel were absolutely to DIE FOR.  I'm excited that my girlfriend only wanted one because she was more focused on eating "meat" whereas I wanted "sweet carbs."  The pancakes were excellent and not to mention cute, which is always a plus with me.  Also had the peach-pomegranate bellini and it was very good.  Great atmosphere and great space - would love to come back for dinner sometime when I'm back in NYC.The food was pretty good.  The waitress provided good service, but there were others who didn't.  The maitre'd didn't really smile much and I've made reservations, but since my friends were not all there, we had to wait which was fine.  But after they got there, we still had to wait like 5-10min.  The table should've been ready the minute we were all there. After we sat down, we noticed the knife and plate had food stains on it which was not very appetizing.  We ordered like 7 plates of tapaps but they came out slowly like a teaser.  It was at least a 5-10min wait for the next dish.  On the menu it said the dishes r served continuously but that didn't happen.  Overall, this place is good for small groups, small tapas and small drinks.Stanton Social is a great place for eating and hanging out.  Typically a little crowded for my taste at times, but the food is quite good and it has a sexy kind of atmosphere.  We ordered a whole bunch of tapas from the sliders to the tacos and sausage.  All were good.  The onion soup dumplings were definately original.  I personally really like the upstairs bar.  The decor is sooo cute!  It has a bunch of antique hand mirrors decorating he walls, I love it.  More of a hang out place for sure as opposed to a eating place though.  Good company, good times.I came here for brunch, and was very pleased with everything we ordered. We ordered a few items to share - the french onion dumplings, chorizo mac and cheese and one of each slider. Everything was wonderful, but the standout item was the french onion soup dumplings, they are fabulous.Great, solid meal. Reservations are a must here. Be sure to try the short rib tacos and french onion soup dumplings!love love love! food is delicious! don't miss the donuts!!!Stanton Social is a way of life really . . . to eat, to drink, to leave happy . . . I'll eat oysters at the bar around 11:00 pm, brunch downstairs on a Sunday at 2:00, rally a group for dinner at midnight, or just drink upstairs.  Nothing quite makes me feel the way that bistro salad does . . frisse, warm goat cheese dressing, a poached egg, homemade croutons and bacon.  It's tart, rich, and texturally perfect.  The yellowfin tuna sashimi melts in your mouth and finishes with a little pop of pickled pepper leaving you wanting more fish, then more bite, and so the cycle continues . . . The raw bar holds up in both quality and presentation to that of any seafood restaurant downtown.  The lobster is at once delicate and meaty and always tastes like buttery ocean water . . .and they serve raw littlenecks. . . There isn't a foie gras terrine I've met and not wanted to date so it goes without saying that it holds a small place in my heart - the social version being no exception.The French onion soup dumplings - a staple paying homage to the Chinatown soup dumplings at fixtures like Joe's Shanghai are special: stinky, melty, swoony cheese and onions . . the only thing that could make them better would be a fleck of bacon floating inside.I almost always order a mini Kobe beef slider of course and the red snapper tacos - but eat the tacos right away because they get soggy fast, and nothing beats that crispy little shell and diced, peppery fish cut by the bite of lime and a cool dab of creamy avocado.The only dish that doesn't tickle me in the way that nearly everything else about the social does are the crab corn dogs . . .just can't fully commit to feeling excited about them.   The coating soggs-out into the filling and they quickly become dense and morph into monotone filler in my stomach. Knowing the flavors and textures I can get elsewhere on the menu makes me focus on what I consider to be the stand-outs: just about everything else.I don't really get what the big deal is. I've eaten at a lot of great places and I also love a lot of dive-type places too. This food was average at best. It wasn't bad by any stretch but the only thing that really popped were the donuts for dessert. The Tacos were OK. The Crabmeat Corn Dogs were a little bland and the sauce a bit funky. The Kobe Beef Sliders, which I had heard great things about, were just OK. I've had better burgers at the Corner Bistro and myriad places in the Slope.The braised short ribs were the biggest standout. They were definitely good but again, not "GREAT".The service was OK at first then slowed down to a crawl but it was a busy Sat night so it's understandable. Mostly though, this place is a big scene and i should know; I've worked in my share of sceney places before. They serve their place and I'm cool with that. But this place...with the waiting and the over-crowded upstairs, I'd have expected a BANG OUT meal it just didn't deliver. It's a cool spot. Good date spot. I love the whole sharing tapas-like feel to the food. But the flavors really are just OK at bestAmex recommended this place as a good business dinner setting and overall we had a good experience.No issues with service and we ordered basically what was recommended. I really enjoyed the red snapper tacos and a couple other dishes such as the PBJ froi gras... but my favorite was the lobster topped thin pizza.I didn't actually care for the dumplings that much as they seemed a bit too rich and salty for me.We had the donuts for dessert which topped things off nicelyGreat ambiance.  Bit pricey and not really vegetarian friendly.  Great place for a date.  Love the Godiva chocolate shot dessert and french onion soup dumplings.Love tapas styles meals and this one was good but not the best. Some things were hit or miss. Unlike many people, I was not a fan of the french onion soup dumplings. Waiter wasn't too attentive, but then again wasn't completely ignoring us - but it wasn't too busy either. Love the atmosphere. The meatballs were good, the pulled pork sliders were really good, and the herb dusted frites were also delicious!I enjoyed every plate:Ahi tuna sashimi on avocado crab meat corn dogssea bass mini tacosonion soup dumplingslobster slider/rolldonut holes with dipping sauce.FF (though these could have been crispier)I even left room for two very delicious blood orange/jalapeño infused vodka drinks ($12 each).I recommend this place for people that are comfortable eating apps without a proper table top. Very nice interiors.This is my favorite fun-night-out-on-the-town place to eat in NYC!  However many ppl are in your party, that's how much of each food item you get--perrrfect for sharing and tasting everything, which is my favorite way to aproach dinner!  The drinks are delicious, the french onion soup dumplings are to DIE for, and it makes for such a good time everytime!  It's definitely an occasion--it's just SO much fun, so delicious, and the best meet-up/party place to be.  I've come with 3 of my girlfriends and with a mixed bag roudy bunch of 10 for my birthday dinner.  It's always a grand old time and deliciously pleasing all around!Came here with a group of 10 to celebrate my 25th Birthday. Very fun/hip atmosphere. The bar upstairs was a great place to chill and have drinks while we were waiting for our table. The food was good and the service acceptable, but the extra star is definitely for the ambience here. I will definitely be back to hang soon.went up to nyc to celebrate my brothers 30th birthday and i treated him to dinner at stanton social after doing my research on yelp.we were a party of 4, and they wouldnt seat us until our party was complete, which is always kind of annoying. they sent 3 of us to the crowded bar upstairs to order drinks and wait. after checking out upstairs and the minimal standing room, we opted for the sidewalk.so once seated, we decided to order as much as our little hearts desired. the stand out dishes were:the tacos, omg those tacos, we ended up ordering a second round!the empanadas, pierogies, corndogs were also some of my favorites!!i was most looking fwd to the french onion soup dumplings after reading the reviews adn was not that excited once i tried them, they were just ok!overall loved the restaurant, loved the vibe.would definitely go back, even though there is always something new to try in nyc!!This place is the most over-hyped, overpriced place I've been to in years. One star may seem a harsh, but "Eek! Methinks not" is a pretty good way to sum it up. If you are reading reviews to help you decide whether to go or not, I'd strongly recommend you read the low star reviews and take note, because they hit the nail on the head. I was floored to see that so many people have rated this place so highly on Yelp -- they must be impressed with the scene more than the food. The best thing I can say is that some of the food was tasty (but nothing memorable,) and clearly it's a trendy place where people come to see and be seen. If you are coming for the food or for the overall dining experience, save yourself a wad of cash and go elsewhere. Why? The food is uber expensive and the portions are so small (even the items that are around $20!) that you basically need tweezers instead of a fork. My favorite quote from another Yelper: "I felt like my little niece was serving us play food from her Barbie oven.  I love Tapas but these were hors d'oeurves at best!"  So do not to go there hungry, and know that you will not leave full, even if you spend $50 each. My friend was really enthusiastic about trying this place and made a reservation. I have to admit, I didn't like the vibe or the decor from the moment we arrived. We went for lunch and although it was a beautiful, sunny day outside, the restaurant was dark and dimly lit, making it seem like it was nighttime. Not only that, but the music was definitely "night" as well - some sort of loud and annoying techno lounge music. We waited about 20 minutes after we were seated for a waiter to appear. He finally showed after we told the busboy we wanted to order. After that, the service was perfunctory and not at all personal. The food was just OK - some was pretty good, but nothing was memorable. The menu looked like it had a lot of creative dishes but I can honestly say that it was a lot better on paper than on the plate. Chicken with waffles - meh. Lobster Eggs Benedict - tiny (as in two pieces that were 2 bites each) and needed salt (but none to be found on the table.) We asked for bread -- tiny!   The couple next to us ordered the croque monsieur satay (there's a photo posted if you want to see) and it was literally 4 small cubes, each about the size of a piece of Russell Stover's chocolate, or maybe a walnut. And they let the busboy clear 2 of them, as well as some waffles - I would have eaten them!  That's how hungry I was, and not looking forward to dropping another $5 per bite!! My friend said the Bloody Mary was spicy and good, but my pomegranate champagne cocktail was just so so. I was dying when we walked around the 'hood and saw all the great looking places advertising $15 (and less) prix fixe brunches.  Do yourself a favor and check them out. You could treat a group of 6 to a satisfying, filling meal for what we paid for the two of us, and I left hungry.Get to the Chase:Pros:1) Their drinks are DELICIOUS and got some oomf to them! They def are strong and tastey. I got the blood orange jalapeno margarita! Kept me going for the entire Saturday brunch2) Waiters are really polite and quick to deliver your order3) The ambience is chill and very relaxed. Perfect place for a brunch with a group of friends...SF Cali styleCons:1) Food was so so, nothing mind-blowing...we had the:Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies - not that warm, dry taste, and lacked seasoningFrench Onion Soup Dumplings - for a signature or what they're known for I expected more...but this was heavy, least popular in our group of 4, and heavy on the cheese that was melted but dried on top so tasted like a cafeteria leftoverSocial Mac & Cheese - this was pretty decent but I've had much better...the bread crumb to pasta ratio was too much and the cheese wasn't flavorful..kind of blah...Spicy Lobster Benedict - this was tastey, but for $13!? dam I might as well pay double and a bit to get a full lobster, because there was definitely some meat missingFinally, the caramelized banana pancakes were THE BEST! Would recommend this out of the entire menu. Petite small slices with a well-balanced banana flavor and each patty had a slice of banana that was caramelized to perfection! 2) The place was surprisingly pretty empty for saturday brunch at 12:303) Price was not justified...except for the banana pancakes and drinksmmmmmm. awesome dark lit hip ambiance.was taken here by someone who always take her clients here for dinners, and wanted to show me the amazingness.she swore by the onion soup balls, which are super unique and delish. my favorite thing ever were the cookies and hot cocoa shot. mac and cheese is delicious as well. yum yum yum.one thing i will mention, is that you should not sit in the booth seats, because they are a smidge low for the table and made me feel like i needed a booster seat. haha. also, it is pretty noisy in there. but those are small things, all in all it is a super cool place. big fan!I loved my visit to Stanton Social!  A swanky  lounge in the otherwise dive-chic Ludlow St area, Stanton Social is a great place to grab drinks with a group of friends (the tables on the 2nd floor lend themselves best to groups of 4-7, though you might be able to take over an entire section of the way and do double). We went on a Friday night and despite it being totally packed the waitress seated us within 5 minutes! Drinks were on the pricey side (13 dollar cocktails, delicious if a little weak), but definitely in line with the atmosphere which made it so worth it! Tasty small plates sealed the deal :)When your craving Contemporary/Eclectic/Fusion/Latin American cuisine....come down to the Stanton Social.  This beautiful new restaurant allows you to either dine in the dining room or upstairs in the sexy lounge.  The place has a 1940s feel to it.  Even the waitresses reflect this era with the A-line skirts to the MaryJane shoes.  From the delicious cocktails to the large tapas menu ...Stanton Social won't let you down.  I often dream about the wok charred edamame with miso ginger sauce...yes its that good!!  The duck empanadas melt in your mouth and the squid lettuce wraps are another good choice.  I recommend going with friends and sharing a whole bunch of dishes.  The prices are reasonable.  After dinner head up to the lounge where the place gets going around 10pm.Its quality Kobe burgers and public sight seeing is the only reason I go back every now and then. It's hard to justify the attitude and less than adequate menu options when you can get the same up town.Great place for brunch.We ordered so many items, and I was pleased with everything.  One thing that wasn't as good as everyone was raving about were the french onion dumplings.  I found them to be very heavy.The banana pancakes were out of this world.The goat cheese truffle slicker was amazing as well.There are just so many great dishes that you are bound to find something you love.I would definitely go back!Wow my girl friends took me out for my birthday dinner here and I was so amaze to find food so good in the LES , fancy with a touch of class. The steak i has was so good that It almost melt in my mouth .French Onion Soup Dumplings & Warm Doughnuts...that is allI often refer to the Lower East Side as the more pretentious sibling of Williamsburg.  Let me explain.  Williamsburg is undisputedly the Mecca for hipsters: a land of bizzare sights and sounds.  The LES also attracts a good portion of hipsters, but the hipsters in the LES are more of your trust fund variety.  That is not to say that trust fund hipsters don't exist in Williamsburg; they're just more concentrated in the LES.With that said, the food at Stanton Social is equally pretentious and overpriced.  The "tapas" are mediocre at best and the food is highly overrated, as is the restaurant.  Sure, they have some standout dishes, like the kobe sliders and the french onion soup, but the rest of the menu falls flat.  Don't expect any type of spanish cuisine here; the menu is akin to an overpiced TGIF appetizers menu.The reason Stanton Social is so popular is because this is THE place where the trust fund hipsters dine out in the LES.  From the fews times that I've reluctantly came here, there was a good amount of plaid shirts and skinny jeans to be seen.  The service was inattentive, slow and mediocre at best.I suppose if you're part of the above-mentioned group, Stanton Social would be another great way to burn your parent's money.  Otherwise, I recommend trying out Casa Mono, which serves better tapas at a reasonable price and without the pretentious atmosphere.American Tapas (Shared Plate) restaurant.  And I love it.  It can be a lil' loud and I don't love the tables the way I love the booths (too far from whoever you're with!).  But.  The food is incredible.  It's nice and expensive enough to be for special occasions only, and yet not so prohibitive that if my partner and I suddenly decide to make reservations for friday, we can't swing it.  The prices are Manhattan prices, but not unreasonable or outrageous.  For 2 people you can expect to spend $85-100 assuming you really go all out and order what you really want.  That's without drinks.  Fair warning: The drinks are the most expensive part.  If you really want to go but don't want to break the bank, just don't drink alcohol! :D  The food is worth it! Go!This is my first review.  I realize this hurts my credibility.  But hey, you've gotta start somewhere right?  My horrid dining experience tonight has inspired me to save others from making the mistake we did this evening.  I am a big foodie, a former line cook, and an avid Chopped fan (it's a show on the food network) and have never missed an episode.  I have always thought Chris Santos was somewhat of a pompous douche bag, but I always assumed the guy had skills in the kitchen.  Maybe he does, but in no way does this restaurant make me think he knows his way around a kitchen.  Now, I have no illusions of Chris Santos back in the kitchen wielding a chef's knife, but his name is on the menu.  He should stand behind his food as a restaurateur, a chef, and a business man.  The food at this place is awful.  .   You share the entrees, which is to say, you share the pain.  We ordered sliders, ravioli, meatballs, eggplant parm, and french onion soup balls.  Each course was worse than the next.  I'm not a negative person, but my wife and I were laughing at how awful the food was.  The only thing worse than the food was the music.  On the positive side, the server was great, and the space is pretty cool.  But please don't make the mistake of eating the food at this place.  Anywhere in the country the food would be below average, but in NYC, this place is laughable.  Chris Santos, you should be ashamed.  I will now be forever a skeptic of anything you have to say on television, and I hope this review has saved at least one person from the salty-bland dining disaster we had tonight.  Tomorrow we are dining at WD-50.  I am depending on Wylie to restore our faith in the finest dining city in the country, NYC.looking for a good place to share a few bites with folks?? check out the stanton social! chef chris santos has put together some very unique and creative bites here.  there is a unique small portion, family style menu that allows everyone at the table to taste a bite of each dish.  start off with the signature french onion soup dumplings.  they are exactly that, a dumpling with french onion soup inside it! we followed that with the crab cake corn dogs, and lobster roll.  both were fresh and plentiful of substance (not just fillers to mask the low amount of seafood). we went too far with the chicken and waffles, but also found the chicken to be a little dry for our liking.  only reason this place didnt get a 5 star.  topped with a nice bottle of cabernet and this is definitely a great place to enjoy your evening!Great place for a group of friends - very accommodating, even down to a last minute reservation for five of us on a Saturday night at 7:30. Already they won two stars in my book for that! For whatever reason, I would estimate that this place was about 70% female on the packed evening we were there... not sure why the gender numbers are skewed this way and if it was a fluke rather than a regular phenomenon. The stand-out picks food-wise were, in no particular order: french onion soup dumplings, baby spinach salad, beef carpaccio, and chicken 'n waffles. The pass-by dishes were: lobster paella cakes (bland and no lobster flavor) and the smoked ricotta ravioli (unmemorable). I would also pass up the Social Tea cocktail, but would fight someone for another Strawberry Fields cocktail. Ridiculously sweet and delish, but save it for after dinner or before dinner - it's not the best companion drink. I was also happy with the Basil-Lime Gimlet, which is refreshing and summery.Our sever was as good as it gets for this type of restaurant - super cheerful and happy to help and make recommendations. Despite being busy as hell, she never showed a moment of exasperation to us.After seeing the french onion soup dumplings on "the best thing I ever ate", we immediately reached for the nearest device with an Internet connection and made a reservation the next day for brunch. Really, how could you not try something like that? Well, the place lived up to our expectations. We sampled a few different dishes, truly exploiting the meaning of the word brunch. We had french onion soup dumplings, goat cheese and potato perogis, bacon egg and cheese sliders and their waffles. We were honestly very impressed with all of them, with the dumplings taking home the prize. Yes, they were worth the hype. Each dish was carefully prepared and beautifully presented. We washed it all down with bloody marys - which were extra spicy and delicious. Unfortunately, no drinks are included for brunch here. The ambiance was as portrayed in the other reviews. Despite being the middle of the afternoon - it was so dark inside. They have an upper level with a decent amount of space overall, but if you are a party of 2, be prepared for your typical Manhattan row table. They have some nice round booths for larger parties. I can definitely see how this place must get super loud during dinner, but for brunch it was okay. The pricing was alittle steep for the amount of food you got. We were by no means hungry when we left, but keep in mind we went for brunch. I can definitely see how the tab would add up very quickly if you come for dinner. I would say 2-3 dishes per person to be enough for dinner. (Its tapas style) Overall, highly recommended for sure! It's one of those places that you will talk about for a while and I can see craving their innovative dishes in the near future!Great little place to grab some drinks with the girls (or guys) and start the night with some small plates. It's got a fun vibe on Mondays, and is usually our go-to spot before a night out. Good service, good crowd, good vibe (usually a good, upbeat DJ to keep me awake while lounging in the booths), shit location but I don't judge on where you were born....just what you do with your life. And there is life in Stanton Social. Love it :)5 stars for the delicious drinks, chilled out atmosphere, awesome wait staff, appearance and chat with head chef chris santos, and for the following delicious tapas:red snapper tacos -off the hookcrabcake corndogs -off the hookfrench onion soup dumplings-greatchicken taquitos- greatkobe sliders-  goodchicken arepas- goodWill def be back!Wawawewah.  What an amazing dinner at Stanton Social. This place is happening.  Go there if you want to see or be seen.  I digged the small dishes.  Not too expensive for NYC.  Interesting food choices.The neighborhood looks a little "gritty" but inside an unassuming building is the beautiful Stanton Social. Came here with a group of girlfriends and everyone loved the variety in drinks and food. The service was good, even though we did wait an ungodly amount of time for a table. Well worth the wait though. The food comes out small plate style aka meant to be shared and you should order several of them. Standouts were the Kobe Philly sliders, Potato and goat cheese pierogies, duck confit empandas and the French onion soup dumplings. These dumplings were so yummy and creative I could have probably put in three more orders just for myself! I will definitely return.Went here before a night out on the town with my love. I have mixed feelings about this place, mostly because the people are very nice (great service), the drinks are good/strong and we were sitting next to a great couple (this made the night). However, I generally think this place is a bit overrated. The food in my opinion is just so-so. The Potato and Goat Cheese thingy(?) ( I dont remember what it was called) was quite good, and probably my favorite thing of all the 8 different dishes we tried. I love the idea of tapas, you get to try many different bite-sized dishes for an overall interesting dining experience. I just wish the food tasted better/met my expectations.Worth a try.I went here last night with several friends and the place was terrific.  They seated nearly as soon as we arrived for our 10pm reservation, despite the fact that we'd increased from 5 to 7 people since the reservation was made.  All the food was very good, highlights were the Kobe Beef sliders,  and the Beef Wellington isn't to be missed either.  The place is a bit scenier than the surrounding restaurants, but still has a good vibe.  All in all, a solid place.I liked this LES, shared-plate restaurant, although the only thing original on the menu was the french onion dumplings.  The butternut squash ravioli and warm doughnuts were delicious, but you can get those almost anywhere these days.  The atmosphere was cool, and I was happy to find bottles of Stuhlmuller Zinfandel on the wine list (2 please!)  Worth checking out.Great ambiance and I'm a big fan of the tapas/shared plates concept. Food is stellar. A nicer alternative to some of the gritty LES joints.On a roll with the book "Cool Restaurants New York, 2006," I met up with a friend visiting from Cali for dinner at Stanton Social. The book should also state how crowded this place gets on a Friday night! All the pictures were so beautiful but I couldn't see the walls past people's elbows. When the waitress came to take our order, we have a habit of relinquishing all decision-making powers and let them choose for us. Afterall, we've been making decisions on the job all day. Out of all the surprise dishes that she picked, the two most unique ones were the beef kobe sliders and the butternut ravioli. If these were the only two things we'd eaten, we'd be satisfied. All the other dishes tasted the same or had similar texture and fixings. The restaurant finally cleared out and we could actually hear each other. This could be a fun spot for groups but not if you want to catch up with a long distance friend you haven't seen in a year or two.culinary Explorere's Guide to a Good Server:1. When asked for wine recommendations, they will send over the sommelier or wine manager - instead of choosing the cheapest bottle or saying "I'm not a drinker."2. They will ask first if there are any dietary restrictions, preferences or allergies. I'm allergic to shrimp and yet servers will recommend the shrimp special.3. They will pick out a smart combination of light appetizers leading up to heavier entrees, and not just the most expensive ones. 4. They shouldn't be afraid to say, "I wouldn't recommend that" and then offer a better suggestion.went here a few weeks ago while visiting NYC.  FABULOUS!  the food was delicious!  my favorite dish by far was the beef carpaccio.  and the basil lime gimlets were divine!we made a pitstop at Stanton Social, while waiting for some clients. the LES has got quite the many watering holes and eateries to keep your tummy & liver happy when they are screaming for some love.skip the restaurant area on the 1st floor and climb the stairs and hang out in the bar/lounge area. we sat at the bar (since we love to make chit chat w/ our 'tenders) and immediately ordered up greygoose martini's and on the rocks to warm our bellies. im always cautious about shellfish, but the oysters on the half shell were pleasing, as were the kobe beef sliders. pricey but what do you expect! LES, gentrification, you're gonna spend some cash on drinks & food!if you stay at the Rivington, make a point to swing by Stanton Social even if just for a drink. then put on your beer/greygoose goggles and do some shopping around the corner.Good food, good service, annoying people upstairs in the lounge and the manager is an asshole. However I can't deny the food and drink is very good, on the weekend the crowd is annoying!Definitely a fun place to go for food and drinks.  The ambience of the restaurant is nice although it can get a little loud.  We had the baby spinach salad, chipotle grilled shrimp, kobe beef sliders and meatballs all of which were really good.  I wish I liked goat cheese because I really wanted to try the mac n' cheese (with chorizo!) but oh well.For some reason I ended up here twice in the same week. First I had a Sunday Brunch date which went so so. The Brunch Food was good but we confused the busboy since we wanted our pancakes after our savory dishes. So we ended waiting a long time before anything arrived. I was starving. I then ended there for dinner for a group event. They placed us at the table near the waiting area which was a little weird. I really have to say I am no fan of the drinks. They really need to take some lessons from Little Branch, Milk & Honey, etc. The bill got out of hand especially when the vegan in our group ordered stuff to share that no one else wanted. On the hand the decor is really nice and the waitstaff is very friendly.our group of 6 were seated promptly on the mezzanine tucked in a table under the stairs which was oh, so perfectly intimate. we had:french onion dumplingslobster pizzettagoat cheese pierogiekobe beef sliderssnapper tacosgoat cheese salad pan roasted scallopsroasted  octopuscrab cake corn dogsduck and black bean empanadasfor dessert we had the peanut butter mousse special and the warm doughnuts.the yelpers have got this one right. the next time i want a fun, trendy, delicious place to bring friends, it will be at the stanton social.Stop. It. French onion soup dumplings? Put them in your mouth! The mini grilled cheeses get a "what?what?" in my eyes. Honestly, as a single girl- I totally feel it would be worth my gaining ten pounds here. Aside from the douche who cut in front of me on line for the bathroom, (he stood about 5'6" looked like Larry Flint), my experience was amazing. Plus, my gay husband used to manage the place and Scarlett Johansson eats there. Scar Jo. Yes!My boyfriend always makes fun of the restaurants on the L.E.S. for having small tables with big plates - and he's right. I always feel like I'm playing tetris with big circular plates on tiny, unstable tables - especially at tapas restaurants like Stanton Social. But this restaurant was different. I had impeccable wait service - each plate FIT on the table and there was no delay between dishes. The food was great - I had my first taste of Kobe beef for $6 and I highly recommend the french onion soup dumplings. Plus, we didn't even have reservations! They fit us in without waiting and didn't kick us out at 9:30 like they said they might. I'm a pushover for good customer service and good food...Stanton Social is my go to restaurant. I've recommended this a dozen of times and have only received rave reviews.  If you can't get a reservation, just go upstairs. You will end up getting  a seat.  I love the sharing plates. Order a 5 small plates between 2 people. That is usually is enough. DONT FORGET ...order the doughnuts for desert. So good.You would think that with the price of this place the service would be better. The food is fabulous, especially the kobe beef sliders and the onion soup dumplings. However, the service was awful. Over 30 minutes to get a drink and when one of our dishes didn't come the waiter wouldn't take care of the problem! Yummy but be prepared.Came here with 2 friends for dinner on a thursday night.  We had reservations for 9:15,  came a little early for cocktails,  the bar upstairs was really crowded,  It seemed as though someone was having a private event in the lounge area so we were up against the bar while waiting for our table.  The hostess came and found us at the upstairs bar when our table was ready.  This place is made for you to share all the dishes.  Its REALLY dark here as well, cool loungey vibe.Everything we ordered was good but what you HAVE TO HAVE are the French onion soup balls.  They are bread balls baked with french onion should inside and cheese on top.  YUM!!  Someone had recommended them to me earlier in the day when i was talking about dinner plans and I was skeptical,  I sometimes think french onion soup can be salty but this dish is PERFECTION!  I cant remember everything we ordered but another honorable mention would be-Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies with caramelized onions & truffle creme fraiche-Chai Creme BruleeWe also ordered the fried donut dessert that was just ok.for 3,  and a few Jameson and gingerales,  our bill was about $140.I would have to come back here for the french onion soup dish alone!Had a very nice time here last weekend for my friends Birthday! The decor is lovely, very chic and the drinks were great! I hear the food is wonderful and it really did look delicious, but no one in my party was hungry, so we skipped on the food. The lines are crazy to get in so be sure to make a reservation, and ladies dress to impress!I came here for a Sunday brunch. Everything was great: food, decor, and service. I especially liked the ricotta Fritters with raspberry jelly. Their Bloody Mary's are very, very good.You must like the tapas deal to come here. If you don't like the tapas style of dining, don't go. Everything was delicious. Good place to kick it.Place sucked.  Unemployed bartender was a clown that was slow on the refills but quick with the bill.  Food was terrible, ate some lamb that got me sick.  9 dollar heinkens and a nearly 200 dollar bill ruined a perfectly good evening.  Wont be going there again.Nothing too new to add here - it's all been said.  Our faves were the french onion dumplings, the chicken and waffles and the crab cakes.  Our table was a bit too close to the table next to us, but that's pretty normal these days in NY.  I didn't leave full after $85 per person and 6 tapas though.  Almost a 5...social scene? maybe...but oddly comfy...the space is pretty...ambience is cool....can be romantic, yet good for groups. the place is a tad dimly lit, however, as i would like to first oggle what i am about to devour...so on to the food...the Kobe burger sliders were very good...meat was very tender and flavorful...lobster roll slider was also good...oysters were fresh and yummy....but by far, my fave was the ONION SOUP DUMPLINGS...which were absolutely to die for!its been weeks since my last trip here, and i still crave and rave about the French onion Soup dumplings...will definitely be back...and highly recommended..YUM! Favorite place to eat & drink in NY :)After a long time of debating this establishment , I finally was able to go for a family birthday celebration. First of all finding this place is a bit difficult because the name is so small and barely seen.its right int he middle of the block. Upon arrival we were greeted by the hostess and we were promptly seated in a small but cozy booth in the corner. It was 3 of us and we fit comfortably and with pIenty  was all very dimly lit with both lamps and candle all around the dining area. The waitress came over and took our drink orders and the drinks promptly arrived a few minutes later. The staff overall was excellent . They were uber friendly and attentive is an understatement between each serving of the various plates a waitres came over and gave us new clean plates. Someone was constantly cleanin or clearing our plates as we finished or filling our water or folding our unsused napkins. The french onion soup dumplings are a MUST try!! They have to be one of your plates. Sometimes I debate just ordering 4 plates of the dumplings because they are just that fantastic. Everything else is pretty good too. It is all seasoned well, well-cooked  and tastes fresh.  I have tried  the red snapper tacos, the Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies, Sweet & Sour Chicken & Cashew Spring Roll, hand pulled chicken arepas,Maryland Jumbo Lump Crabcake 'Corn Dogs,Chipotle Grilled Shrimp  - tomatillo & feta relish, and the Spicy Lamb Souvlakis - tzatziki, lime, harissa aioli. Out of all those my least favorite were the pierogies only because I did not realized they were fried and I don't really like them fried. They are a bit too oily. The hand pulled arepas are so small they are very crispy but none the less delicious. I had the warm donuts and the Strawberry shortcake sundae for dessert. Both were pretty good but I preferred the sundae. I recommend making reservations because it gets pretty packed regardless of the night. I have not tried he drinks but they looked pretty good. They have full bar and wine selections. Its a nice place that you might just past by and not even notice because the only sign is really small and on the door. This is definitely a must go to place in NYC.  So good its been featured on the Food Network. I am a big foodie and always goes to places featured on the Food Network shows and they have yet to fail me. Do not hesitate to try this place you will not regret it.   Remember people this is a tapas bar so everything is extremely small you will need several plates. And my only other complaint is that several of the plates come in 3's of whatever the food is, which does not make much sense if it's only 2 people sharing. There are plates that come in 4's. Besides that just go so you can understand why this is so amazing!!I have been to Stanton Social three times, twice for dinner and once for brunch. I have to say, I was happy every time. The decor was very nice and the food was always delicious! The food is not cheap, but totally worth it!Will go back again and again!One word for this place: phenomenal! Tucked into a typically seedy chic Lower East Side neighborhood, Stanton Social looks like it belongs in mid-town but it's a welcome site exactly where it is. The room, the wine, the service are all excellent, but the most amazing thing is the eclectic menu of familiar sounding dishes with creative touches, and all in tapas sized servings. So you can try a lot of different flavors. Even if you are going there with someone who is not a foodie he/she will find something that sounds good. Beyond delicious macaroni &amp; cheese (gorgonzola &amp; chorizo!), apple brie quesadillas (!), Kobe beef sliders. I wanted to go back every day last week! Will definitely be getting back there sometime (even though I live in Chicago now!). Don't miss this place!I absolutely do not understand how this place has 4 stars. The food is by no means bad (If this was not a global review, food standing alone would get 3 stars), but for the price and the service it gets no more than 2.The music is so loud, you can barely speak to the person next to you. The place is packed, I get it, but when I'm paying $100 per person, I expect better service than TGI Friday's. The waiter did not come to check on anything and would take away platters with food still on them.. The bus boys were literally taking my plate from under me while my fork was in hand and I was chewing. On to the food.. 1. Goat cheese potato perogies- They are OK. There is a creamy sauce on them that is probably made with truffle oil that helps makes this dish very very tasty. 2. Kobe Beef Sliders- Also pretty good, but I have had wayyy better sliders.3. Snapper Tacos- Absolutely nothing special, not very flavorful, which I was surprised about bc people rave about them.4, Apple Quesadillas- Nothing special. 5. Meat Balls- Terribleeeee!!!! I couldn't get over how the sauce they were in tasted exactly like my school lunch back in JHS.I also had some chicken arepas, steak,  and donuts- all of them ehh. This is a very trendy place, so if that's what you're looking for, then go for it. If you want good food and to have a normal conversation w/o shouting to your partner, go somewhere else.If you get to NYC you've gotta go here!  The atmosphere is great and the food even better.  Pricey but worth it!The food is very delicious and my boyfriend and I prefer eating small plates so we can try a bunch of things, so this restaurant is perfect for couples who like to do that. We came Friday night and the health inspector was there so they had to cut off speciality cocktails, they still served beer, wine, and well drinks but eh. We were looking forward to pairing a couple of those good cocktails with the food. Anyway, that would have been fine if our waitress was more attentive and honest. She originally said it would be a half hour, we stayed for about an hour and a half then heard her telling another table it would only be a half hour delay at that point. After the first half hour she should have updated us that it would be longer. They cram as many people in as they can and they rush you (our waitress definitely did).Third time.. second for brunch and not disappointed. In fact the place keeps getting better it seems. The brunch menu seemed different from the last time. Breakfast Bruschetta was to die for. Eggs scrambled to perfection with flavor of Asiago cheese infused and slight tang.. perfectly balanced for such a simple dish. Other hit was the Grilled Cheese. We ordered a whole bunch of others - goat cheese parogies, Grilled Pizzetta etc. I think the only not so gread dish was the Mac n cheese (which I remember was awesome last time we visited). Cocktails are not their strongest and specially for the price but not horribly bad!Even after a reservation had to wait close to 25 mins but great table service. Will go back again soon!!One of my favorite NYC restaurants! Many places are now copying their French Onion Soup Dumplings. Try as many delicious options as possible, but save room for their Red Velvet Twinkies!I went back here on Saturday for my Bachelorette Party. I was unaware of where we were going and was SO excited when we got here. I told my friends that I loved this place and was looking forward to trying some dinner fare!For drinks, we tried:- Strawberry Fields (Grey Goose Citron, fresh strawberries muddledwith lemon simple syrup, fresh lemon juice and a Riesling floater): very sweet but tasty- Cucumber-Vanilla Cosmopolitan (cucumber & vanilla house infused Stoli, white cranberry & fresh lime juice): very good!!- Blood Orange - Jalapeño Margarita (jalapeño-infused Sauza Commemorativo, blood orange juice, fresh lime & Cointreau): Holy Spice, Batman!! Interesting, not my style- Pink Grapefruit-Mint Martini (Stoli Ohranj, fresh squeezed pink grapefruit juice,  lemon simple syrup & fresh mint): very refreshing- Pineapple 75 Martini (Pineapple infused Grey Goose vodka, pineapple juice, lemon simple syrup, splash of Chambord): This was my first drink and I drank this sucker like there was no tomorrow. Made me feel like I was at a beach... My second drink was a Peach margarita that isn't on the online menu - I drank this muuuch slower as it was muuuch stronger. But still tasty!- Basil-Lime Gimlet (Belvedere vodka, muddled basil leaves, lemon syrup and fresh lime juice): SO tasty & refreshing! Like drinking fresh herbs- 1940s Champagne Julep (Brut Cava "Gran Reserva", fino sherry, lemon syrup, fresh mint & caramelized lime): Mmm.For food, we went for:- Essex Street Pickles from 'The Pickle Guy': We were on the Lower East Side, so we felt we had to. And we were glad we did!! These were everything a LES pickle should be!!- Warm Piquillo Pepper 'Bruschetta' stuffed with roasted garlic-goat cheese: the pepper and goat cheese went so well together and the bread was perfectly crisp, yet didn't cut the roof of your mouth!- Zucchini Tempura - tomato jam and asiago: Tastes exactly how you think it will. Probably my least favorite of the night (that I actually ate...)- Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies with caramelized onions & truffle creme fraiche: I saw this on the menu and immediately picked it. SOoooo good!- Sweet & Sour Chicken & Cashew Spring Rolls: again, tastes like what you think - which is yummy!! Nice and crispy and I loved the crunch of the nuts.- Red Snapper Tacos - creamy avocado & spicy mango: I don't eat fish, but I did taste this. It was my least favorite (because of the fish...), but was apparently quite good. Too fishy for me.- Spicy Lamb Souvlakis -tzatziki, lime & harissa aioli: HOLY YUM. These melted in my mouth. Little souvlakis from heaven.- Spring Pea & Ricotta Ravioli with fire roasted peppers,  garlic , crispy serrano, basil: I don't know what was crunchy in these, but it was GOOD. these were awesome.- 'Chicken n' Waffles' - brick pressed chicken, aged cheddar waffle, corn pudding & balsamic spiked maple syrup: My sister-in-law lives in Atlanta, so she had to try these. I took a bite and said "I never understood chicken & waffles before, but now I do." I didn't realize these were $18 - not sure it's worth that, but it is good!!- Braised Short Rib Soft Tacos - tomato, red onion & smoked paprika relish, 'refried' cranberry beans: I don't remember these now that I am writing this, but I vaguely remember it being good... We had eaten a lot at this point!!We also got a free "appetizer" from the chef - little Caesar Salads on some sort of crouton. They were awesome.The waiter was so helpful and understanding and we had a fabulous time!! The food is amazing and it's a great concept!! The drinks are rocking too. Definitely go!!You just can't beat the whole "small plate" phenomenon (is it a phenomenon? It's one to me). I love being able to try a bunch of different items. However, I think Stanton Social is very expensive for what you are getting. Additionally, if you are STARVING, you might not leave very full. I was fine, but my sister who needs to eat about every fifteen minutes, was not satiated. Basically, if you are OK with paying 12 dollars for exactly 2 meatballs, then Stanton Social is right up your alley. I was slightly skeeved out by it, but I am still glad I went. Oh yeah and we walked in at 6:30 and the hostess said she could seat us right away but she'd "need the table back at 7:45". Uhhhh all right? Kinda bitchy, but it fit with Stanton Social.i came here for dinner with the girlsthe staff was super friendlybut the food-OMG!!!we had almost everything on the menu i really loved the lamb souvlakis i wish i could have eaten more but i was soooo full from all the other onesim from LA and im going to force my husband to go back with me just to have dinner here again!superb food!Nice room, good service, poor food. The kitchen is really reaching beyond their capabilities. Everything we had was just boring or poor. This is a common problem for ambitious restaurants at this price point. They try to cook like a great restaurant, but lack the skills to execute. Why aren't there a dozen Eleven Madison Park quality restaurants in NYC? Because there's only one Daniel Humm. The cocktails were nice, though.Went to Stanton Social last year.  Was my first time there.  Read all the great reviews online so decided to give them a try.Did not have a reservation but they were very accomodating.  Went upstairs to the second floor lounge.  Atmosphere is clean and pretty impressive.Ordered a few dishes with a friend that came along.  The food overall was good, nothing axtra-ordinary.  We only ordered a few tapas and 2 drinks and the total was already over $100.  So definitely $$ on high end.Stanton Social was fantastic. Hip atmosphere, wonderful food, fun drinks and a really interesting menu. My friend and I had French onion soup balls, chicken n' waffles, red snapper tacos and some sort of pirogies...yum! The french onion soup balls were amazing - you take a bite and the soup is in the middle - such a great idea. Perfect experience - I'd like to go back as soon as possible.Great food and service.  Also a cool atmosphere.  I highly recommend.I came here to celebrate by 29th birthday on Friday, April 6th and all I can say is that is I had the best time! My only issue is that because my entire party was not here at the time of the reservations we had to wait to be seated which made us have to wait an additional 30 mins. That was the only downside but thats a rule most restaurants have, however i wish they would do away with it.While we waited we went to the lounge upstairs and had a few drinks. I had the Cucumber Vanilla Cosmo which was very good, and refreshing tasting. Once we were finally seated and that's when all the fun began. Our waitress was extremely helpful, I wish I remembered her name, but she was excellent and pointing out how we should order for a group of 9. Everything we ordered was absolutely delicious and I'll give you a list because I recommend everything. We ordered the oysters, miso edamame, French onion dumplings because in so many reviews people said they were great and they were, goat cheese and potato pierogies, Thai spiced ribs so tender it was ridiculous, chicken and cheddar waffles, this was something we were't completely sure about but the outcome was amazing, the star of the night by though were the shrimp and grits, the table devoured these in silence. And of course we ended with the warm donuts for dessert, the dips weren't even needed. There were a few items we didn't try that I def. Want to make sure I hit the next time like the social max and crab cake corn dogs.And I forgot to mention the best supporting actress of the night, the music. I'm not sure if there was a dj or what, but the music made the perfect atmosphere for great food and convo and hyping us up to party a few blocks over at The Delancey after dinner.All in all I highly recommend!Another win. Came with a buddy from out of town and another friend, living here but has never been.We only got seated around 10:45 but the place was still packed so it didn't feel like a late dinner at all. Putting ambiance, service, lighting, music aside, let's get to the food:French onion soup dumplings: Always a winner, but this was my third time here and third time having them. I'm getting over it slowly.Arepas: Not sure how these are considered arepas, but they are damn good. Nice spicy sauce and lots happening.Octopus: We thoroughly enjoyed it, but I suspect that we liked it more because it was our first dish and we were ravenous. Looking back, it was just alright.Meatballs: Probably prefer the meatball factory (of course) but these monstrous balls of deliciousness were definitely super.Kobe philly slider: the winner. Get it. You'll be happy you did.Beets: sweet, grilled very well, really nice light compliment to heavy, rich tapas.Chocolate tasting: Not sure why three of us dudes got this, definitely overkill, but that's the name of the game at Stanton Social. The chocolate ice cream has a wicked spice to it, that only kicks in after you've finished the ice cream. Really cool. The peanut butter on a stick was a bit rich for me (yet I finished it...) the mint chocolate was a nice touch and the coconut balls with more chocolate was so good. By the time we got to the pudding and warm chocolate cake, I was ready to explode. There was more (we have 3 dishes each), but that will suffice for this review. To recap: Food is amazing, service is good, music is good (although they repeated a couple of songs, and were generally not very creative with their selection - kind of chose obvious tunes/remixes), price is a touch on the steep side (which is expected) but as a treat once in a while, I highly recommend this place.Cool place, good music. Heard their food is amazing but didn't have a chance to try that lol will come back to try it.Swanky american tapas style bar. Good music and sexy feel... great for date night but be prepared to spend a lot for small portions.If you want to be seen this is where you go.  It was quite the pretentious environment with club style music and avarage customer service.  It is apparent the waiters are working for tip and not for providing genuine service.  The food was good but from the get the waiters upsell you by suggesting 2-3 dishes above what you originally intended to purchase.  Even it's location seems a little off considering most nearby restaurants have more of a downtown feel. If youre like me...more of a lay low, good vibes and fun time type of person...consider option B.A friend and I ate dinner here on Saturday and we loved it!  Great atmosphere....The service was attentive without being intrusive and sharing small plates that weren't technically tapas was a nice change.  My favorite was the goat cheese pieroges, while my friend's favorite choice was the chicken and waffles - we also ordered the crabcake corn dogs (really just crabcakes on a stick), the butternut squash ravioli (I loved it, my friend less so), the mac and cheese (a hit for both of us) and the grilled asparagus.  For dessert we shared the Smores cake and the espresso chip ice cream.  Yum Yum.  We ended up spending two hours there and around $100 each - I would definitely go back and recommend it to others.Stanton social is very scene-y but in a fun way.  We had a reservation and had to wait a half hour for our table, which was annoying, but I 'm glad we waited.  We were seated at a booth in the middle of the restaurant.  It is loud in there.  It's a great place to share appetizers and martinis with your girlfriends.   Either my 7 friends didn't eat or drink as much as I did because I found our bill to be very reasonable.in short, wow.  this was delicious!  6 of us went on Friday around 9pm.  We all ordered various champagne/martini beverages, and loved them all.  We ordered the following: Baby Spinach SaladRed Snapper TacosWild Mushroom Risotto CakesGrilled Pizzetta with mozzarellaButternut Squash RavioliSocial Mac and CheeseChicken WingsOrrichette with RabbitChicken n' WafflesThe best of the best were the buttenut squash ravioli, the risotto cakes and the chicken wings.  Melt in your mouth!  The mac n' cheese wasn't too bad, either.  The portion sizes were just right - we weren't too stuffed or too hungry afterwards.  For dessert we ordered the chocolate tasting, the sundae and an apple turnover thing.  All were delicious!  I would highly recommend this place, and I really want to come back for brunch!Love this place! We tried to get into Clinton Bakery, but were too hungry to wait and dashed over to Stanton Social. I'm so glad we did. Love the atmosphere, cozy and sexy and chic all at once. Great date spot or place for a group celebration. I love the idea of ordering lots of small plates to share for brunch, and I also love that they brought out each dish just as we finished eating the previous one. Onion Soup Dumplings and Walnut Banana bread were outstanding, the spicy lamb souvlakis were very good, and the lobster benedict sounded like it was going to be amazing but the lobster was slightly overcooked. Great service, great location. I forsee a girls' night out with this being the first stop.My friends and I came back here to test out the service again and the entire experience was amazing. We loved the tapas, the service was attentive and friendly and the manager really seems to care about his patrons having a good experience here. I am a huge fan of the french onion soup dumplings and the red snapper tacos, but the chicken and waffles and meatballs have been added to the list of my faves. Seating is a bit tight in the booths (they fit 5 of us in one booth), but I would come back here again and again (and I do actually!) This is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in NYC. Sure it is not cheap, but when you know the food is going to be good, its worth paying the money!The food was good -- maybe a bit hit or miss.  The French onion soup dumplings are worth the visit, the cocktails too.  I sat upstairs, it was very loud and chic to the point of being silly.  They had ottomans instead of proper seats, which is just fucking pretentious -- even for my taste.   Don't get me wrong, I'd definitely go back....if you're paying.This place was loud, crowded and bustling on the Friday night I was there.  I suppose I am not generally a super trendy restaurant girl-well let me take that back, I love trying new restaurants but go to them at crazy times to avoid the crowds.   But in embracing a youthful and social spirit I chose to take it in, and enjoyed it.  The rundown on this spot: It was fun, the food was pretty good, and the restaurant had a great atmosphere.  Some favorites were the braised short rib tacos, the crab cake corndogs, and the shrimp and grits.  The chicken arepas and chicken and waffles were not our favorite.  The dessert menu was great, and the doughnuts are a MUST have.  The drinks were also good.  I will say there was a bit of a snafu with my friend being handed a drink that looked like the drink she ordered, but then when she took a sip it had a jalapeno infused liquor in it that she was not at all prepared for and it burned her throat.   The waiter apologized, but could have at least offered her a free drink for the inconvenience, but did not.  Otherwise, I'd say it was a fun place.  I would recommend going in with the mindset that it's loud, crowded, and expensive...but embrace it!  It's a fun experience, the food is good, and this is your life!  Experience things! :)Can add up quickly but soooooo worth it.  Love the herringbone inspired decor and small/sharing plates menu.  If you go, try the Kobe Beef sliders (yummy!), french onion soup dumplings  and the pizza.    The cocktails and wine list is also great but beware...it all adds up to quite a bill.  come baring plastic.this place holds true to the saying, "you get what you pay for".  i normally don't like cooked fish since it has a pungent smell from the sea, but the social stanton has converted me to their various FRESH seafood dishes.  The salmon was cooked to perfection, the lobster roll will melt in your mouth, and the miso striped bass is to die for!  i would have to say this was the best tapas experience ive ever had!  the waitress was very personable and engaging...she was knowledgable about the menu and how to distrubute the portions for a large party.  whats also great about this place, is that everytime a new dish comes out, you authomatically get a new, clean plate placed in front of you!  cant beat that!  this is not something ive experienced at other tapas joints in nyc by the way...the bacon/date pizza was a definite inspiration to the palate!  the atmosphere was modern yet warm...the seating upstairs is a definite must since you have the warm lighting from the wine rack/wall plus its a great place to people watch from above!  i was fortunate enough to have sampled about 9 different items and yet they were all exquisite and creative in flavor!  i hope to come back for the dessert menu!  the warm donuts and milkshake shots are definitely on the top of my list!service was good, food was good. Very different, but I did like it. We went for my friend's birthday and it was a lot of fun for a night out. The food was very eclectic...i loved how they brought her a mini cupcake with a candle on it for her birthday. Atmosphere is very very sexy. Loved it.Very fond of this place. I even liked it after we went to this place in a snowstorm after a long long long day of work. I usually don't like many things, places, people after a day like this. First off the place was cute and dimly lit. I cannot comment on the lounge which I did not get a chance to see but the dining room was cute. Very charming and warm. We were a group of 6 so we were seated at a table near the kitchen. We ordered 2 bottles of champagne and A LOT of food. Here is what I remember we ordered and the review;Wok Charred Edamame- very surprised they weren't shelled but the taste was very niceWarm Piquillo Pepper Crostini stuffed with goat cheese- very nice taste, the peppers and cheese complimented each other very well.Zucchini Tempura- the worst of all the orders and the only one that had leftovers.Potato and Goat Cheese Perogies- AMAZING. Could have eaten this all night.French Onion Soup Dumplings- well recievedYellowfin Tuna Sashimi- nice but ordinarySweet and Sour Chicken Cashew Rolls- great reviewsRed Snapper Tacos- unbelievable. Another dish I would have ordered more than one.Chipotle Shrimp- reasonably good.Crabcake Corndogs- yummy and totally unexpectedHangar Steak and Tots- these were raved about by the meat eaters.Chicken and Waffles- also a rave reviewWasabi Pea Salmon- pretty decentGrilled Pizette with Mozzarella and oven dried tomato- also amazing.My own personal top picks are: Pierogies, pizette, red snapper tacos, crostiniIn addition these were added: chicken and waffles, crabcake corndogs, cashew chicken spring rolls and hangar steak and tots as the resounding favorites.  For dessert we ordered the Twinkie trio. Red velvet, peanut butter chocolate and classic vanilla. We enjoyed. We also ended up spending a fortune with 2 bottles of champagne and some of the dishes we doubled up on since they're smaller. That's where they really get you on the bill so BE CAREFUL. Also they kept on bringing the food out in spurts so when you'd think you were done a whole new course came out. So pace yourself and try to only order 2 a person instead of 3 dishes. Loses a star for noise level. If you go here with more than 4 people, your conversation will be lost and you won't be able to talk to anyone but your adjacent neighbor. Will defininitely be back here. Prefferably with a smaller group.I agree with a lot of the other posts, the food here is good - the kobe sliders are actually really yummy. However, the reason I give this only two stars is also the food/service. The bartender screwed up my food order that I put in at the bar...so my sliders were allegedly given to the group that was sitting next to me. When I asked for my sliders, he said that he thought they came out already, so he ordered the kitchen to deliver my plate. When the bill came out, I got charged twice. And these aren't your typical slider prices - they were $8 each! Times six plus drinks, I was WAY overcharged at this place. The bartender would not admit his mistake, so I was SOL. I don't think I'll be coming back to this place, I'm sliding on to a new bar in the LES...Nothing beats a night in Manhattan. Out with the coworkers, the city girl in the group says we are having tapas. The restaurant is dark and sexy. Everything you would expect when visiting the city that never sleeps. I decide to sit back and let city girl do the ordering and it was a gastronomical delight. We shared pierogies, sliders, crostini's ,crab cake corn cakes, meatballs and herbed fries, Each with a gourmet spin. Small plates but more than enough for a party of three.We arrived late for our reservation, with an extra person in tow, and they were able to accomodate us within about 15 minutes. Not bad for a packed Saturday night. The only caveat was that they'd need our table by 10 pm, so we weren't able to take our time at the end of the meal. We all felt that we were being hurried along by about ten minutes til 10, but we were late for the reservation, so I can't blame them entirely.I am huge fan of Chef Santos's food (I go to Beauty & Essex about once a month), and I had been to Stanton Social for drinks before taking my friends here last weekend. Our meal started shakily because 3 dishes arrived before any of our drinks, without any apology from our server. Also, we didn't do the typical group ordering--a couple of us ordered our own things, and then a couple were sharing between them. We made this clear to our server, but when the food came out, 2 of us didn't have any of the food we ordered, so we weren't eating with anyone else. We were done with the first dishes by the time our drinks came to the table. I would have much preferred waiting longer for the food, so we could have at least had a few sips of our cocktails before eating. When I eat at places like this, I expect the service to be impeccable. I wouldn't be so harsh if this were a diner or some place more casual. But at $16 a drink, things should be brought out in the right order.Every dish we ordered was fantastic. Exactly what I've come to expect and love about Santos's food. We ended up having to order more food, but our waitress didn't come back until long after we finished our first cocktail, so we had to down them as they shooed us out of our table at precisely 10 pm. Again, partially our fault but we could have easily drank 3 cocktails a piece in the time we were sitting.I will probably stick to B&E from now on, as I have had nothing but exceptional service there. The food and cocktails at Stanton Social is equally as delicious, though.I think I'm in love! Stanton Social is perfect for someone like me. It's tapas style so you can try a little bit of everything. I would definitely recommend going with a group so you can order a bunch of stuff off the menu because otherwise its just too hard to decide...everything looks so amazing!Ambiance - super relaxed, loungy feel. You absolutely don't feel cramped which is very rare in the city and you're not having your brunch while trying to tune out the next table's conversation. The tables are spaced out enough that you can actually talk to the people you came with instead of being bombarded with noise from all sides. The lighting is very romantic and the upstairs dining area looked cute. Food - um, can you say yum?! We  got the potato and goat cheese perogies - absolutely fabulous! There was the perfect proportion of goat cheese to potato. Banana pancakes - DIVINE! Just the right amount of sweetness with candied pecans and bananas on top coupled with a vanilla syrup to die for. We also ordered the french onion dumplings - presentation was good, but taste was DEF lacking. I actually love french onion soup, but hated these! They didn't loose a star though because I think it might have been b/c I'm not a cheddar person and it had massive amounts of cheddar on top. The breakfast bruschetta was def yum, but I should have ordered it with egg whites cuz I hate yolk! The egg consistency was good though..very fluffy and the toast was perfectly toasted. The spinach frittata was so light...it had a touch too much goat cheese, but I think that's just me cuz I'm not a fan of eggs and cheese together.  I am dying to go back to try the kobe beef burgers, apple and brie quesadilla, and the pizzata which looked amazing! I love the cute small portions..simply perfection!Service - fantastic! The waitres was right on with all of her suggestions and the entire staff was very friendly. The only negative thing was that they didn't have skim milk for the coffee I ordered and they only had sweet n low and equal..no splenda! :( I would probably pass on the coffee next time anyway b/c it was a little too strong for me. In short - I will def be back!My favorite restaurant in NYC!!  food is ridiculous...I've tried but failed every single time to find something on the menu I do not like.  Wine list is also perfect...not huge but not limited at all, with some great pairings with the menu!  Always busy, though, so get yourself on the reservation list a week or so in advance, atleast.I don't think it's possible to have a bad time here -- as long as you have a seat.  The bar area can be pretty crowded, and if you're here just for the scene, you're missing out on some really terrific food.  I know most people will tell you the French Onion Soup dumplings are the best.  I don't know...for me, the potato and goat cheese pierogies, Kobe Philly, ravioli, risotto cakes are just as good, if not better.  Great for groups, fun atmosphere.We had a big group of people, got nice table. The chicken taco, pizza - excellent. The French Onion Dumpling - Over rated. strong cheese with no much flavour.Overall a great meal:  highlights were the goat cheese pirogi, french onion soup dumpling, and warm donuts.  Service was attentive and friendly. Atmosphere was beautiful, though quite loud.  Our group of 5 was seated in a lovely high-backed booth. I tried several of the cocktails, and liked the vanilla-cucumber the best (have to say the blood orange-jalapeo margarita just tasted like a standard high-shelf drink).  There were some surprises when the bill came, as we'd had them adjust the orders to feed 5.  It worked well for sharing, but learning that the sliders were $9/a piece was a  bit of a shock.  As long as you come expecting to spend some cash, as we did, you'll have a great time.I'm a little surprised with all of the negative reviews below because I loved my visit to The Stanton Social!  We went for 8:30 dinner on a Friday night and I couldn't have asked for a better experience.1. Though the restaurant was packed, we were seated immediately.2. Our drinks came quickly and all were delicious.  I don't normally order two drinks but the watermelon ginger margarita was so delicious I couldn't resist - it had real bits of watermelon in it!  Yum!3. We received complimentary caesar salad crustinis to start off the meal.4. We ordered ample food and kept the food coming.  {I'm really confused with all of the other reviewers who note the small portion sizes.  It's a tapas restaurant, which means the portions are going to be quite small.... but in all honesty, the portions at TSS were bigger than I've received at most tapas joints I've frequented}5. EVERYTHING was delicious.  My two favorites were the french onion soup dumplings and the waffles and chicken.  If I could learn how to make those two dishes I'd be a very happy gal!6. The only part of the meal I wasn't head over heels in love with was dessert.  I tried the red velvet twinkie, which was just "eh."  Not phenomenal but not bad either.  One of my friends had the chai creme brulee and that was quite tasty.I would definitely go back to The Stanton Social again!  We had so much fun and ended up trying at least half the menu with no complaints.Drinks are fantastic and the atmosphere is great for just two people but definitely for groups. It's a bit pricey and I definitely would never order ONE slider for $8 but besides that the food is top notch. Of course the french onion soup dumplings are a must and I really loved the red snapper tacos. Oh, and get the hot chocolate shot :)Oh em ef gee! This place is fantastic! Took visiting family here for my mom's 60th. We were NOT disappointed! Great service. Food was amazing!! Goat cheese pierogies and Kobe phily sliders are to die for! Red snapper tacos, mac and cheese, and meatballs were delish as well. To finish it off, 90 proof milkshake shots - yum!!! And a free delicious cupcake with candle for the bday woman! :) Go. Now.It was a good meal and fun for my girlfriends and I. It is definitely a scene. The drinks were a little weak. The service was great. And it was very noisy - when you go with a group of 6, you will only be able to hear those directly next to you.The food was great! I loved the tacos and sashimi and corn crusted crab cakes. I didn't like the duck empanadas though. All in all a good meal.Oh shit, how did we just spend $90 on brunch?$40--4 Bloody Marys (very good, you could get it with rosemary-infused vodka if you like, but I'm a purist and got the classic)$13--Spicy lobster benedict (mediocre--it was a generous serving of lobster, but it was rubbery, and there was no spice, or flavor, really, to the dish at all)$6--Potato latkes (crispy and delicious, served with sour cream and apple sauce)$12--French onion soup dumplings (AMAZING)$8--Warm doughnuts with carmel sauce (I died a little)$10--Tax (fuck the g-o-v)So, it was a lot of money.  The food was really great, but I wasn't that full when I left.Like everyone says, one must have the "french onion soup dumplings" also kobi Philly w/ truffle goat cheese fondue, stanton social beef wellington, nori spiced tuna tartare roll, chocolate tasting menu! u will leave stuffed and happy! Good cocktails tooThis is a cool Manhattan spot fit for foodies. If you are on a quest for a trendy, delicious evening and conversation (noisy)  is not on top of your list, this is the spot.Enjoy the good food an the well size taps drinks are great as well but how ever they need to do something with there bitchy host we walked in with out a reservation on wends night he said its 15 min to 2 hrs make sneces ? It didn't to me I didn't think much of it so I said fine we will b upstairs having a drink I go to chk  in on yelp an see they use open table mind u it was 9:18 at the time we get a drink an I was like let see if I can make a reservation a table  I made it for 9:20 an it was open we closed out at the bar an went back down stairs an I said I have reservation now he was beyond pissed an had to seat me. Just made me think why he would lie or try to scare me off by saying almost a 2hr an 20 min wait ? But beside that love the food an drinks i will be back an only using my open table before I walk inThis was my 4th or 5th visit to the Stanton, and I'm blown away every time I'm there. The food. Simply put? Amazing. From the presentation of our first course to the last delicious bite of dessert everything was perfection. There were eight of us there on Saturday night for a birthday get together,and the table was in total agreement over this being the best meal any of us had had in a long time.....and how often does a family agree on anything?? Good times. Go!The most delicious "small plates".  The food is available until 2AM nightly 7 days a week...a great find.  I LOVE THIS place...the Pineapple Martini was a little on the sweet side--but I was in the mood for that. :)A lot of places review this place for dinner but I must say, this place is AWESOME for brunch.  I heard about the brunch here from a friend so decided to check it out for myself and I'm so glad I did!Called on Saturday night and was able to make a reservation for Sunday at noon.  We all showed up on time and were promptly escorted to the upstairs dining area.  No waiting, no hassle.We had a great waiter who gave us some excellent recommendations and we ended up ordering 7 plates to share between the four of us.-Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies  -Grilled Pizzetta-Armando's Huevos Rancheros Soft Tacos (without chorizo)-Breakfast Bruschetta -Social Mac & Cheese (without chorizo)-Baby Buttermilk Waffles-Caramelized Banana PancakesThis might sound like a lot, but it really isn't since the portions are small, tapas style.  The best thing was that everything came one by one at a good pace so that we could enjoy one dish at a time.  I can honestly say that there wasn't one dish that I didn't like, although the best were the banana pancakes!I love the concept of brunch tapas because I'm always craving sweet AND savory and end up having to settle for one or the other.  It was really nice to be able to try many different things without feeling too stuffed.  I'm sure I'll be back sometime very soon.not bad!  Good ambience too.I chose this place for my birthday last year, and I could not have been happier. I was a little worried that the staff/clientele would be too pretentious, but that was not the case at all. I loved the ambience - couches & fabulous lighting. We shared several plates that were all outstanding, and our drinks tasty! One of my favorite places in the whole damn city.The food is fabulous, specialty drinks (jalapeno margarita?) and everyone is here to have a good time.  From Coby Burgers to French Onion Soup Dumplings, the appetizer style menu encourages you to share with your fellow diner.  Upstairs highly recommended if you're looking to mingle in closed quarters.  Claustrophobics stay downstairs.french onion soup dumplings and fish tacos.  heaven.  the only downside (beyond the crowds) is that it can be VERY LOUD IN HERE... I suggest trying to get the table on the little overhang above, where it is quieter and more peaceful.  Otherwise, you basically give up on hearing your friends and focusing on eating as many dumplings as you can before they notice.We came here for my birthday dinner and had an AMAZING meal. Seriously, one of the best meals that I've had in a long time. The Spicy Lamb Souvlakis and Pierogies are to die for. Be prepared for a long wait. I think we couldn't get seated until 11:30 with our group size on a Saturday night, but the place has a great ambiance, friendly wait staff, and was an overall, great experience.Finally a place that makes creative, innovative, trendy and tasty tapas!"what a posh poser place", i thought, upon entering this snazzy place for brunch one weekend. they took our coats politely at the door and seated us at the cozy ottomans till our table was ready.brunch consisted of banana walnut bread (which was a pleasant blend between cake & bread), a decent kobe beef burger (slider), spicy lobster benedict (iffy) and grilled apple & brie quesadilla (nice!).I left thinking, "what a posh poser place with petite palatable picks"I don't write Yelp reviews, but thought this place warranted one, especially with the propensity towards four stars it receives.I walked in here on Friday night kind of late, around 10:30, and I could almost hear the waitstaff let out a collective "Noooo". We were seated upstairs and the first thing I noticed was that the tables are set up so you are sitting about three feet away from your dining partner. Don't bring a date here unless you actually don't care about what they are saying or don't really want to be on a date with them, in which case you can sidle up to the random dude at the table next to you in the booth.The waitress came over friendly enough, and we ordered food. About 8 minutes later (no exaggeration, 8 minutes) the food came out. To be honest I don't know if I could tell you what I was eating, and not only because I didn't order the food. Everything had obviously been nuked to death in a microwave. I think I was served some scallops, but the consistency was more like jello. There were some other fried soggy things, and oh yeah, a sickly sweet amuse bouche of pumpkin and maple syrup. Felt like someone had poured Karo into my mouth.The place was packed, and I couldn't help wondering if everyone there was too drunk or it was just too dark to realize what they were being served.Oh yeah also when the food came out, the server slipped with a plate and a couple of dumplings ran down my fellow diner's back. And then the server just left. Without picking them up, or apologizing. Hmmm...Icing on the cake? The waitress trying to shove us out the door. At one point, (no, not one point, pretty sure it was the eighth time in a half hour) you need to stop asking us if we need anything else. We weren't even the last two in there, and you could just see the girl itching to get us the check so she could cash out for the night.So why do I give this place a star at all? I don' t know, maybe it's because the door guy and the coat check girl were hilarious, and I had a good cocktail. But in two words: Absolute shitshow.My wife and I shared four small plates and a bottle of wine.  Everything was great. Service was exceptional. I wouldn't mind if they turne down the blasting club music a little. Otherwise, a great place.I came here for my birthday last week. I wasn't sure what to expect but a friend recommended it. Although the bill at the end was a LOT more than I expected (especially for the minuscule sizes of the food), it all tasted exquisite. Especially the Arepas. The red snapper tacos were adorable but lacked real taste. The ribs were also very delicious. Additionally it was all beautifully presented and the waitress was super nice and knowledgeable. We arrived late for our reservation but they were very accommodating and patient. They warned us that they needed the table by 9:30 so they hurried us out as soon as we paid (by persuading us with drinks on the house).The dessert: Michter bourbon hot chocolate shots were DELICIOUS. As was the creme brulee. I even got a birthday cupcake. We were pretty full, but like I said, the portions were so small that we had to order and reorder, racking up the bill. The music got louder as the night went on and it was VERY dark (impossible to read menus without iphone flashlight!) but it was a very cute spot with great ambiance. All in all, a great experience. I definitely recommend it to anyone looking for something a little different (but don't expect to get a lot for what you're paying, quantity wise).I always enjoy the drinks here-particularly strawberry fields cocktail and cucumber-vanilla martini which always gets the night started off right. The menu gets a 4/5 as well. Last time I came we ordered mac n cheese (yum), popcorn shrimp (def yum), and the butternut squash ravioli (ehh).  My only complaint would be that, like every other restaurant/bar/lounge worth going to in the city-the wait here can get pretty long if you don't have a reservation. Also, it's really crowded on weekends. I usually come here with my girlfriends for apps and drinks, and would recommend for group gatherings. Potentially a good date spot early evening on weeknights probably but definitely not weekends.Fantastic food - every item thrilled! Service was also super attentive, helpful, yet not "in your face" ... can't wait to go back... it's one of those places where everything I tried, I loved.I love this place - it is a great staple which is why it has lasted so long.    Even though it has been open since 2005,  It is always a bit "sceney", buzzing with activity and quite often filled with beautiful people.  It is a potpourri of small plates.  The standards and most famous of the plates are the french onion soup dumplings which never disappoint.  Neither do the perogies that come with a beautiful creme fraiche sauce.  I do have to say, this particular cocktail experience was disappointing which has not been my experience in the past.  They changed the mint champagne cocktail, serving it in a smaller glass and filling it with way too much simple syrup. The lobster slider was good, as always, and my table enjoyed the ribs.  We only did not enjoy the fava bean ravioli - its flavors just did not work together.  I have also eaten here many times for brunch and their brunch rocks.  I cant think of anything that I did not like but the standouts were the pancakes, warm donuts and the mini-eggs benedict.sharing brunch was perfect. really good food. really good music. really friendly service. give it a big like!Best tapas place EVER. You must order the french onion soup dumplings!Go to the bar upstairs in a group of three or more, because otherwise they'll force you to share the padded sectional sofas with another group of two, which is a tad too close for comfort.  My friends and I tried to make do by turning our backs, but still, we heard every word of the couple's conversation.  The waitress tried to spin as "everyone shares here" but really, sometimes, you want some space!  I had the white wine spritzer, which was light and refreshing - though I tossed the straw aside immediately. Who wants to drink from a straw from a wine glass?  We tried the chicken and waffles, which featured cheddar waffles. More intriguing in name than in taste.Came to hang by the bar on Saturday. Not that crowded and music was good. Jack and coke was $12, so not too shabby for NYC. Down side was that it was hot, and that's not comfy.this place was amazing! i went there last night with a big party.let me tell you- i did not order anything - someone else was in charge of that duty, THE MEAL WAS FAB!we had the pierogis that were amazing, the french onion dumplings (ZOMG!), short rib tacos were alright, mac n cheese was delish.service was excellent, drinks were strong, food was amazing, and the crowd was attractive. what more could you ask for on a hoppin saturday night?i love this place. they have probably close to 40 different small plates on their menu. for one that loves to try new things, this is the place. they have an upstairs lounge which a selection of speciality drinks which are okay, nothing out of the ordinary or amazing but enjoyable. downstairs is their main dining area. large tables are round and can fit close to 10.a few of my favorite items are french onion dumplings, foie gras cakes and goat cheese periogies. YUM! the best is going with a large group so you can really get so many different dishes and just try one thing of each. service is usually friendly and ready to make suggestions on which to try.i'll just put it out there- the stanton social is sexy. the vibe is laid back, but at the same time, kinda swanky. the decor is chic, but everyone who works there is super friendly. i was definitely impressed immediately upon sitting down.had a late reservation for dinner after a work event with some coworkers. there was a group of about 7 of us and we were seated right on time at a large round table. took one look at the extensive menu and was overwhelmed with the amount of choices. i ended up settling on the philly cheese slider and the spring roll- definitely not disappointing. apparently they're known for the french onion dumplings, which looked and smelled phenomenal, but i just didn't have the room. everything everyone tried looked great and there were alot of 'mmmm's coming from my fellow diners. to top off the evening, we had a dessert shot (the hot chocolate shot) and the donuts. the dessert was basically the best ending we could have possibly have had to an amazing meal.one of my favorite things about nyc and chicago is that you have the ability to eat at a new place every single night. it's rare for me to be adamant about wanting to return to a place in an ocean full of amazing food options, but i would return to the stanton social, gladly.This review is just for Stanton Social as a bar.  The drinks were average-priced, but were not very strong. Also, the bar area is very narrow and located along the major pathway for servers and patrons so that you're constantly in the way if you're not lucky enough to score one of the few places against the bar or the wall.The food is sooo good. But soo expensive. The tapas are tiny but have so much flavor. Cocktails were good too. Don't go there on an empty stomach.If your craving for inovative dishes and exquiste taste with inventive designs. I would recommend this place. It's more of opening up your palette of flavors and appeal. I love how you can bring a date downstairs or just hangout with your friends on the 2nd floor bar.Great service.. but food was mediocre. Clams were good but weren't fatty enough, maybe they weren't in season? The french onion soup dumplings were good. The red snapper tacos were so-so. Kobe beef sliders were ok...Not particularaly good for groups - this is a noisy place in a great neighborhood with good food.  Enjoyed the salmon, shrimp in particular.  It was hard to talk to people at the other end of the table in our group of 10.  Drinks upstairs were in line with other NYC trendy bars.  They had a nice prosecco by the glass.This place was really awesome! the music, the food, the drinks, the service! Stanton Social is a place that treats you so well that you want to come back. I had such a great time that I will invite all of my friends as well as spread the word about how nice this place is..if youre going there make sure you try the blood orange jalapeno margarita, the french onion dumplings, the kobe slider and the edamame...LOVE IT!!! Oh BTW they love their salt, so if you dont like your food salty you might wanna tell them to be a little light on the salt :)Nice lounge/bar/restaurant to grab a drink or two. Appetizers are pretty good, I must say. Came here w/ a bunch of friends just to catch up. Great atmosphere to be in. Great place to celebrate something special. However, drinks are on the pricey side - but then again, it's rare to find cheap drinks in NYC besides happy hour!Trendy, tasty, touristy, overpriced, pops out of nowhere as the only nice place on a seedy street in what is typically a shady LES neighborhood. I don't really like the LES its not my scene, with that said, Stanton Social is pretty cool and a decent spot for tapas wining and dining. Try the French Onion Soup Dumplings. Don't be surprised when you drain your wallet without curbing your hunger.Maybe the key to Stanton Social is knowing when to go. Thursday bad, Friday bad, Saturday bad. Sunday through Wednesday good. I hear stories that when vendors and clients are in from out of town, this is a popular destination. I know that the B&T crowd likes it. Thus, it's best to avoid them as much as possible.Love the food, but hate the wait and the hostess.We had reservations at 10pm but weren't seated for at least 40 min. I had a huge bag with me (just made some expensive purchases) and they kept telling me to give them the bag so they could keep it for me. Urm... NO. This thing cost me a fortune, do you think I trust them to keep it safely for me? NO. After asking me a few times, they finally shut up. The hostess was pretty but was very unpleasant and rude.When we were finally seated, we ordered drinks. I had the strawberry field (grey goose with strawberry, lemon and other things). It was DELICIOUS. I would definitely recommend this!Our waitress was great at recommending the most popular dishes to us.-Chicken and waffles. Delicious, not too greasy. It was so good that we ordered another plate.-French Onion Soup dumplings. They were dumplings with soft, onions inside.-Wild Mushroom and Ricotta Ravioli. Warm and delicious.-Shrimp Tempura. Yum.Desert-Cheesecake parfait (I think that's what it was called). Amazing pieces of cheesecake with some whipped cream and strawberry sauce, served in a tall glass.-Doughnuts. They came with 3 types of sauces: chocolate, strawberry and caramel.-Red Velvet Twinkie. Delicious but crumbs does their red velvet better.This place is so good, I can't wait to come back to try the other dishes!The Stanton Social has so much going for it to be a fantastic restaurant, among them the great lighting and the ridiculously good food in a small plate tapas format.  Unfortunately, the four of us at the table together felt that, wonderful as the food was, the outrageously loud music caused us to barely hear one another and thus knock the place down from 5 stars to 2.  By far the loudest, most obnoxious music that made conversation nearly impossible.  We'd expect to walk away with numbed senses if we were at a club, but Stanton Social seems to blend the best aspects of a great restaurant with the worst aspects of a noisy club.  Bad news - despite the great chicken and waffles small plate, we will not be back.Unfortunately, this became the spot for many of my 20somethings friends birthdays. I know it's pricey, but everytime I get the bill I'm still shocked because no one is ever really satisfied, even after rounds and rounds of dishes. Great drinks but too crowded and over pricedThe food is really good. The service is not.  Coffee never refilled ( a brunch requirement) waiter disappearing. Buss boy putting things on my table while he cleaned the adjacent table.I understand brunch can be a rough shift but GET OVER IT! There are enough amazing restaurants in the lower east side with good service that I don't need to come back here.Amazing little hot spot tucked away on Stanton (very easy to miss). Dark and sexy interior, loud and energetic music, beautiful people, a very fun place on Saturday night. The cocktails are delicious (basil lime gimlet recommended). All the plates are fantastic, but our favorite were the French Onion Soup dumplings (what they are known for), the red snapper tacos, the chicken and waffles, and the wild mushroom ravioli. You honestly can't go wrong with anything here though. Service is great, and the price, while slightly steep, is worth it for a fun celebratory Saturday night.red snapper tacospotato & goat cheese pierogiesfrench onion soup dumplingsdiscretely fancy interior,more dressed up for LES.true tapas-sized portionspacked in flavors,just right size to savor in bites.great presentationsquick service.Looking to try out the NYC food scene while visiting, a friend of mine took my girlfriend and I here for a night on the town. While this should be a review purely on the restaurant, I must add that the whole experience really started just heading there. Yes, I was basking in the glory of making it there in one piece and hassle free. And yes, I cabbed it too. Regardless, getting there was easy enough. The main entrance to the place is a bit understated but the space itself is nicely done. Its a tri-level space that definitely works the swank angle of contemporary restaurant design (yes, architecture talk... its an important part to the experience). Anyway, we got hooked up with one of the booths on the main floor and started off the night with some pretty good cocktails. The menu isn't quite so extensive but they do have some unique dishes that we hoped hit the spot. Winners of the night were defiintely the cuban ceviche and ravioli. Skip out on the french onion soup dumplings... inventive but not exactly all that. Service is decent. Overall, I'd reconsider having a full on meal here. Dishes are generally small and all things considering, its all pretty pricey. This place is probably better suited to grab some drinks (the upstairs bar is pretty cool) and maybe a plate to munch on.Drawbacks? T is for Tiny Trendy Tapas (good or bad is individual opinion). Has a fairly decent menu but with the prices to match. I'd shoot for something else if you're looking for a full on meal.This restaurant has such a clever way of representing American food.  Some of the tapas were nicely presented, but I wouldn't say tasted the best.  You've gotta get the Basil Lime Gimlet!!!I came away very satisfied after several tapas that made me crave for more. I have to also admit that I was very refreshed after a few signature cocktails.  Tends to attract young professional, ex-frat boys in $800 suits (with no tie of course) and their cosmo slurping ex-sorority sister girlfriends. It was slightly annoying, however, the food was great and the area has some great spots.Been to NYC twice to visit my sister, and both times we had to go here.  The food is really good (especially the french onion soup dumplings, chicken and waffles, and grilled cheese sliders).  The ambiance is not necessarily my taste.  I can see that there would be a Summer's Eve convention there on the weekends, but just go early in the evening during the week and I'm sure it'll be ok.My mind is boggled. I've found myself guiltily wandering to Bisous ciao so many times in the past but never noticed that the famous Stanton Social was right next door. Don't let the unassuming exterior fool you though, the restaurant stretches deep within its lot and has three levels of fanciful, glamorous seating space. After hearing all the raves about this locale, I was expecting lavishness full to the brim - excesses possibly not unlike those at Beauty & Essex. Turns out the interior is not quite as bejeweled, nor gimmicky at all, but in fact very tasteful and very classy. Glass-tube lights suspend from the ceiling and dim yellow cake shaped lamps hang on thin rods against a whitewashed brick wall - the whole place was very intimate despite a noticeable air of sophistication, without the help of chandeliers! Firstly, I loved the drinks here. I got a mint-grapefruit martini, which was a) delicious and b) solidly heady. Bartenders, why can't you all just make good drinks like this?? ...oh you don't gross $19 a glass?..Whatever, that's no excuse.Food was 4 stars. Definitely delish, but not mind blowing. - Red snapper tacos (4 stars - bold flavor, loved that fresh corn tortilla taste, needed more focus on the snapper)- Tuna sashimi (3 stars - meh)- Potato and goat cheese pierogies with creme fraiche (my friend remarked that this was really good sour cream and I wagged my finger no no its 'creme fraiche'. Turns out creme fraiche  is basically sour cream. Oop. Wikipedia tells me its 28% butterfat with a pH of 4.5, and that it's even more fattening than sour cream. Fascinating. (5 stars - these were my favorite of the night. Pierogies were delicious and the coat of caramelized onions topped it all off)) - Kobe truffle philly (4 stars - it was good and full of flavor, can't remember much about it, and don't remember experiencing the lingering truffle oils on my palate. Random thought since this dish came with salt and vinegar chips: why doesn't anyone sell ketchup chips, EH? They were all the rave back in Canada.)- French onion soup dumplings (3 stars - as the signature dish, I really expected much more. There was no soup in the soup dumpling (blasphemy) and the entire plate just seemed very hastily put together)- Chocolate tasting (4.5 stars - this was amazing. chocolate ice cream with chili spice, mint chocolates, chocolate panna cotta, strawberry truffles, some tart, and some mousse pops)The Stanton Social definitely lives up to its hype, but for the price and for good wine, I'd still go to Alta any day!There you go, a nice, detailed review to kickstart 2012 yelp elite badge day :) woohoo!!Had dinner at Stanton Social with two girlfriends on Saturday evening.  We went early (8:15) because we had a later reservation at Beauty & Essex.  At 8pm, Stanton Social was already jammed.  Quite a nice space, and the staff was kind and inviting from the get go.We had some good drinks (the strawberry fields was particularly yummy) and we ordered seven plates to share. The onion soup dumplings are not to be missed. Ditto for the braised ribbed tacos.  Pierogies and red snapper tacos were also standouts.  The other three dishes (salmon, spinach salad, shrimp) were fine.  Not bad in any sense, but not particularly remarkable.  Bear in mind that these are SMALL plates. Think two or three items per order, so plan accordingly.  The staff does warn you about this, though, and they recommend an appropriate amount of food.  Our waitress was quite good - attentive but not overbearing. She didn't try to rush us, and we felt that we could have sat and sipped as long as we wanted. We also had her split the check amongst two credit cards and cash, which I'm sure was annoying. She was cheerful and didn't seem to mind at all.  Yay - Stanton Social!Two final thoughts: 1) make your reservation in advance. We called on Thursday for Saturday night, and with a bit of begging, they were able to accommodate us, but we were seated right near the door, next to the coat racks in the vestibule, which was quite crowded with people waiting for their tables.  While it's a bit irritating having people hovering over your table, it was even more irritating when people started SITTING DOWN at our table.  Yes - turning the two empty chairs around and plopping down, as if this is normal.  (Note: I don't blame SS for the rudeness of its clientele.  In fact, the maitre d hustled over each of the three times it happened to remove these individuals from our table.  Still annoying though, and probably avoidable if you book early and get a table in the main dining room).  2) it's in the East Village, which I personally loathe going to.  It's a pain in the neck to get to with all the road closures, and you're literally assaulted with pan handlers whilst walking to and from.  I am generally very sympathetic to people down on their luck, but after the fifth person asked me for money (aggressively) I'd had enough.  Just something else to bear in mind, as it made me uncomfortable, particularly when I was standing outside alone.Other than that, carry on! Stanton Social is great fun with a great staff and great food. Cheers!The best place to get a small group of friends out for a night of absolutely amazing food and great drinks!  You can easily spend a few hours pouring over and devouring the tapas! Kobe Beef Sliders, French Onion Soup Dumplings, Duck Fajitas...I ate soo much I can't even remember what I ordered, I just know I was not disappointed by any of the items.  Atmosphere is great and so it the crowd. Make reservations to get seated promptly downstairs, or if you don't mind lounge style seating they have some upstairs. Bar selection is extensive and a very good wine list.  I will definitely be going back!I was in town for the week and my friends in NY picked this place for dinner.  I loved it!  The décor was super chic and great ambience.  It was a bit dark upstairs where we were seated, but that didn't affect our dinner experience at all.  We started with a few of their signature drinks and then moved on to a bottle of Malbec.  Each of us tried the "strawberry fields" and the "social tea".  They were good, but on the sweet side for both.  The wine was great.  It was a "tapas" style dinner and each of us picked 2 items of the menu to order.  We weren't sure if that would be enough, but by the end of the meal we were stuffed!  MUST TRY:  goat cheese perogis, red snapper tacos, kobe philly, Moo Shu Chicken, and Social Mac and Cheese.  All were delish!$13 for a kettle soda. $13 for a rum and coke. wtf?So I waited at the bar for this birthday party to get going so I take a look at the menu. The food looked insane. Unfortunately, I had a monster-sized meal prior so I just decided to try one of their infamous cocktails. Tasty and pretty (not something I say often).After two drinks, I realized we were waiting at the wrong bar so we decided one more round. But instead of the $13 cocktails, let's get a regular drink, something a little cheaper. When the bill comes up, basic cocktails = same price as Social Cocktails. WTF? (jinx). I might as well have tried that jalapeno drink I was eyeing. Sucks.But the place was real nice, with a dark classy vibe on the first floor (restaurant dining). Also noticed a lobster bar, which almost made me jump down and jack those 3 chilled lobsters.Upstairs in the bar area, it has a different feel, primarily because there's a skylight, which make the place feel that much more spacious. Based on the decor, I expected the bartender to be a piss ass. I was wrong. She was friendly and attentive. A nice place, definitely give it a second go, just will never order a normal cocktail here again, unless it's a double maker's on the rocks. yes baby.Great atmosphere (ideal for a ladies night out).  Food is great, but honestly it doesn't quite live up to the hype.  Good drinks though!Creative dish. Each unique and stood out on its own. Service was great and the drinks aint bad either. You can't go wrong with Stanton Social.Large group - we went there for brunch.  warm doughnuts, caramel dipping sauce - the sauce was tasty and the doughnut was perfect - french onion soup dumplings, my fav item.  I loved the idea, the presentation and tasted great....lobster rolls, lots of lobster meat, the perfect traditinal lobster bun....kobe beef burgers, very tasty little sliders -executed very well.  Not overcooked and dried out as so often is the case with mini sliders and the homemade bbq / ketchup sauce on it went well with the burger and then the frittata - which were good but I think on our next visit we'll try the huevos rancheros soft tacos.  They looked very yummy coming out of the kitchen.  Cocktails were good - but they sounded better on the menu, I think there is a little room for improvement there.  Overall a great experience and would go back again....and a again......Trendy restaurant with a lounge feel. However, the seats are so close to each other you can hear the conversations of patrons next to you. It wouldn't have been so bad if we weren't sitting next to an obnoxious woman who couldn't keep her voice down. Also, its rather dark in there like you are at a club. The menu is interesting with ecletic selections. We had fun sampling the tapas. My favorite were the pierogies.greatest item here are the deliciously awesome drinks!  i've been here for dinner and brunch and both were very good.  the dishes here are a bit pricey, but the food is really yummy and the drinks are even better. the french onion dumplings are a must try!  and i also loved the spicy lamb souvlakis (i'm a lamb person, so if you don't like lamb i don't think it'll do much for you) and the lobster benedict.  for dinner, the ribs, steak, and scallops were all really yummy.  as a word of advice, the plates here are small so if your budget is tight and you people you're going with need to eat a lot to be full, you might want to skip this place.  other than that, the place itself it totally cute and a good place for conversation whether its catching up w/ an old friend, a girl's night out, or a very cozy romantic date.Yeah so don't expect to fill up here. Or if you do just plan to pay up. Got the red snapper tacos for $10. There were three and were literally the same size as the lime wedge that came on the plate too. Was a little disappointed to say the least. I was expecting more. Welp! :-/I love the expansive menu. They may say "mous bouche" (however you spell it) but they really mean Tapas. The dishes aren't small-small, but then again, for 15 dollars a piece you sure hope they wouldn't be. Like I said, I love any menu where I can have so many different things in one night, including trying things that I would never order as an entree. But as one of many? I'm in.The drinks are good, and they make them in an honest strong fashion. They're not playing around here, a good place for a large expensive night out of tapas.I came here with three gal pals on a Saturday afternoon to have drinks at the upstairs bar and it made me feel like I was on a Darren Star show.  To remain unnamed, but you know what I mean.  Frou frou drinks that were somehow divine and worth the $13 a pop -- I had a blood orange/jalapeno margarita and a basil gimlet.  Both were lip smackin' delicious concoctions, just not on my unemployed budget.  Oops.My husband and I took a leap of faith and decided to try this restaurant on a recent trip to NYC based on all the great Yelp reviews, and this restaurant did not disappoint one bit. We went for dinner on Valentine's Day, and we loved that this place didn't offer a prix fixe menu. It allowed us to choose the dishes we wanted to order. The food was AMAZING! From the delish cocktails (you must try the gimlet and pineapple martini) to the great food (roasted octopus, lamb souvlaki, striped bass - YUM!!!) everything was so fresh and very tasty. Dessert was the best part! My husband had the warm donuts, and I had the grasshopper mousse bomb, which was the BEST dessert I have EVER HAD! The vibe in the restaurant was really great - intimate yet fantastically swanky.Well I am here and it's not bad , service very good thus endeth my reviewThe food is mediocre and its expensive. I'm a huge fan of tapas but it was just a bit too pricey for me and what it was. Trust me I'll spend my last dime on food but it better blow my mind. Yes there are a few yummy dishes on the menu but not enough for me to justify the price. I feel like its the kind of place people who live uptown come when they feel adventurous and want to hang in the lower east side cause they hear that's where all the action is. I dunno I guess I'm a dick.Great food and a nice space. A bit crowded and loud but the food made up for it.im a huge fan of the stanton social! the drinks here are spectacular, as is the delicious and often beautifully-plated food. i dont love the french onion dumplings that everyone recommends, but i really liked the grilled cheese sliders. they were very very delicious! and the strawberry fields cocktail was super tasty. the last time i went upstairs the bartender was kind of unpleasant, but all the other times ive been here, its been a great experience.Excellent food in an always hopping place.  The lobster noodles, onion soup dumplings, grilled cheese slider and Philly slider were all 5-star dishes.  The snapper tacos were overcooked and the short rib tacos were just so-so.  The drinks were delish.the food: meh... some highlights: i love pierogies and stanton's were very flavorful and plump with cheese and potato, and the onion soup dumplings were pretty good but a tad bit salty. the risotto cakes were bland. empanadas unmemorable. however, the food itself, although i was not impressed, i would give 2.5 stars.the half star reduction is from the service. i felt as if they were just throwing the plates from the kitchen straight to my table and trying to usher me out in under 30 minutes. listen, DON'T RUSH ME WHILE I'M EATING. im paying to come to your establishment.overall i'd say skip it. there are better places to eat in the LESTake heed from the other 3 star reviews around here. The food here is good but I'm not sure the 4 stars are warranted. The food doesn't have the "je ne sais quoi" factor that would set it over the top. My friends and I ordered the french onion soup dumplings, potato & goat cheese pierogies, zucchini tempura, chicken arepas, and the spicy lamb souvlaki. The only item I would rave about were the potato & goat cheese pierogies. We had the donuts for dessert. I felt that the sauces accompanying them were uninspired, although the donuts themselves were very good. All in all this a trendy place to have a quick bite or stop by for some drinks. However, the food is nothing to rave about.2 words: STICKER SHOCK!!!whoever crafted this menu is not only a masterchef but a master marketer!! I'm sure Chris Santos is off on his yacht somewhere enjoying his fortunes. =)Everything we had here was decent to great!! and then there was the UGLY!!! If you've eaten here, you know what that UGLY is....so let's start off with the...The Great!!-red snapper tacos (1st place) bite size, flavorful and delicious, 3 to an order, too bad they were made for smurfs and not humans. =D-wok seared lobster pasta (close runner-up) (best value dish on menu)-crab cake corn dogs (3rd place) (nice twist on crab cakes, had good flavor but stingy with the crab meat, 3 to an order)- french onion dumplings (4th place) a bit overrated, a good dish to try but not the "best cheese" dish I ever ate...The decent but forgettable!! -kobe beef sliders (was way too salty) -wasabi crusted salmon (lacked pizzazz, crust has too hard)-chicken & waffles (basically they cut up a piece of chicken breast and a waffle and served it 8 "bite" size ways, nothing special, worst value dish on menu)-braised ribs. (fall off the bone tender but too salty again)-herb dusted fries (too salty and a total rip off $7 for a rice bowl amt )common theme: the kitchen loves to toss the SALT around!!!so here comes The UGLY:Since there were 7 of us, they "proportion" the plate so each of us can have one. I thought this was nice of the waitress so we all get to try one.By the end of the night, we had gorged up a $500+ food bill for 7 peeps and we didn't even drink. 13 sliders alone was $91. We thought maybe the slider came in an order of 2-3 but NOPE it was $7 each!!!same for other items...so BEWARE, small plates aren't really small plates, The menu doesnt tell you how many items come in each "small plate" and neither do the waitress. Cleverly Deceptive!! They really should just price everything per item. Since it's almost billed that way. I can't recommend this place due to the high price/small portion ratio, but if you do decide to go, just stick to the "GREAT" items listed above.I absolutely LOVE tapas.  One appetizer/one entree/one dessert - BORING.  A taste of this and a taste of that is where it's at in my opinion.  First, my favorite dishes - arepas (I could eat these all day every day!), calamari, snapper tacos, meatballs, salt and pepper shrimp and for dessert always the warm doughnuts.  The food in general is really top notch.  Flavorful, but not overwhelming, some ethnic twists, just tasty all around.  I wish I could give 4 1/2 stars.  I really do love the food and the service at this restaurant.  The only drawback is that it's not cheap.  All in be prepared to spend at least $50-60 per person if you're drinking.  But for eats this damn good I'm more than willing to drop the cash to treat myself . . . just not everyday.  :-)Monumental overpriced crap.This restaurant single handedly ruined New York City dining for me.I can honestly say that "tapas" is the biggest sham sold upon the American public since Crystal Pepsi.If you're going to charge outrageous amounts of money for tiny portions, than at least make a concerted effort to make them GOOD.I get it, going out for tapas is the new "hip" way of dining, but because the portions are small and usually only enough for a few bites, then the ingredients need to be fresh, inventive and full of flavor.  Stanton served mediocre plates of food that I could have easily purchased in the frozen food aisle and heated up in my oven.Let's start with the seating arrangements.  My husband and I were crammed into a 2-top between two other couples, with about 4 inches of space on either side of our table. If I wanted to go out with another couple that night, I would've invited friends.  This restaurant has no lack of space, so I am not sure why they choose to squeeze 5 "2-tops" into a space meant for 2 or 3 tables at most.  Oh wait, I forgot, this isn't about giving your guests an incredible dining experience it's about making MORE money.Aside from the atrocious table arrangement, we were also seated under a blaring stereo speaker.  Between that and the obnoxious loud-mouth blabbing to her husband next to me, I could barely carry on a conversation.The food...oh the food.  Where do I begin?  Lobster croquettes - clearly frozen, and fried - I'll leave it at that.  Kobe Philly Cheesesteaks - $9 EACH.  That's right, $9 for Steakums on a little dinner roll with some melted cheese and truffle oil.  We ordered 2, and instead should've thrown 10 bucks worth of gas in the car and drove to Philly for a REAL cheesesteak.Thai spice baby back ribs - $15 worth of bland, tasteless pork dressed up in fancy coleslaw.    "Old School Meatballs" my husband's relatives from the old country were rolling in their graves - I couldn't even identify the meat they used in this dish because it had absolutely NO TASTE.  Veal? Pork? Beef?  It's anyone's guess.  Take your $13 and go the Meatball Shop.  The only edible item on the menu isn't even made in house - It's from the "Pickle Guy" over at Essex Street Pickles.  Save yourself the aggravation and walk directly past the Stanton, make a right on Essex street and go straight to Pickle Guy.When I spend $100+ dollars on a meal, I want to leave feeling satisfied.  Instead I was annoyed and hungry.  We walked over to Crif Dogs afterward and had real dinner.I recently had brunch here with a friend of mine after wanting to eat here for several months. We went on an early Saturday afternoon and were seated right away.The decor was upscale and trendy. The seating very comfortable too. The music might have been a bit too loud but it did not bother conversation at all.The service was about average. Nothing that's gonna blow you away.We each had a drink, I had a bellini which was average at best. My friend however had the strawberry fields cocktail and it was absolutely amazing.The dishes are all small and meant to be shared. We split 5 dishes between us and left stuffed. We had the baby waffles and doughnuts to start. The waffles, 5 of them I believe, were with candied blackberries and blackberry maple butter I believe. They were probably the best waffles I've ever had in my life. I would get about 5 orders of them next time and be happy.The doughnuts were high quality zeppoles with a chocolate sauce. Very good. Not greasy at all which surprised me.I had the eggs Benedict with jalapeno bacon and goat cheese corn bread. The Hollandaise was about average in my opinion, nothing that really stood out. The bacon was quite a surprise though, a nice little bit of heat from the jalapeno and of course the classic salty bacon flavor. That went really well together. The corn bread was corn bread, I certainly did not taste goat cheese in it. It was also served with home fries that were good, perfectly good and with a bit of heat to with them too.My friend had the pizzetta, a flat bread pizza of a sort. I tried a piece, very average is really the best way to say it.Finally we shared some french fries that were good but again nothing spectacular. Nice and crisp with nice herb flavoring. The red chile mayo was a good accompaniment.This place gets 4 stars from me mostly because of the waffles, the strawberry fields cocktail and the jalapeno bacon. Everything else was 3 stars. Get the waffles, you will not regret it. Our bill with 1 drink a piece including tax and tip was a little less $100.Went there with a friend and thought the ambiance was great and the food was good, the prices, on the other hand, was a bit steep.  The plates are small and can add up very quickly, that combined with a few drinks and we spent 80 a person.  I think this would be a great place to go for a few appetizers and drinks with girlfriends before going out.Every time I go to a tapas place with my boyfriend, he asks "where's the rest of the food?" So, I instead went with friends that relished in the 10 plates surrounding us and arms reaching every which way for a bite of this and a bite of that until we were stuffed. Mmmm!My favorite thing was the steak n' tots! Oh man. They had the blue cheese thing down pat. I wasn't particularly satisfied with the chicken n' waffles. I think I built myself up too much over that dish. I felt it was a little dry. The other things I tried were really good, and it made want to try everything on the menu! I liked the atmosphere. It was so New York-ish. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because our waitress was not totally on point. It's ok though. I'll plan to pay this nook and cranny another visit when I'm back in the Big Apple. Yes, us Bay Area dorks still use that as a reference to NYC.Here for brunch when Shopsin's dishwasher prevented us from brunching at the Essex Market. Kind of an intense change of scenery. The decor/ambiance was a little too much for show. The food was good, but I never got over the sense that I was eating at club/lounge at 2pm on Sunday. My Bloody Mary had about three touches too much horseradish (not usually an issue given my usual intake of wasabi). Luckily my tastebuds recovered enough to enjoy the Kobe beef sliders and tacos.Can be fun for a trendy brunch, but I usually prefer more low-key.Dinner was good, but I didn't love it.  Then again, I'm just not a "tapas" kind of gal.  Nice atmosphere and sharing food is romantic.  Bring a fat wallet, it can get pricey.Brunch! Brunch! Brunch! The portions are small so you can order different dishes and everything is amazing.  I highly recommend.fancy place for a nice date, drinks(and tapas) with friends on the weekend kind place! :)dont come here HUNGRYYYY... hahha, the food is great, how ever its tiny tiny! I am obsessed with the fish tacos! I once ordered 3 portions (and all for me!) and yes.... I ate them all!  the kobe beef tiny burgers are pretty good, however, nothing special... i would just for great ambiance and drinks!Great place! Comfortable and stylish (there were several different creative leather/steel combinations in the furnishings and finishes). The food was all delicious and well made, the fact that it was tapas-syle meant that you could experience several dishes in one meal. The dishes incorporate elements from many different types of cuisines and are all creatively pared down into tapas-sized morsels. My only complaint are the acoustics - restaurant noise was bouncing around everywhere making conversation difficult.All other feelings aside, all I have to say is "french onion soup dumplings."Very nice ambiance but VERY loud.  I came here with my sisters and we had to shout in each other's ears to hear each other. Generally food was good and like all other reviews, french onion dumplings are to die for.  We ordered another one immediately after we finished the first one.  Service was good but bit pricey for each dish since they are tapas style.Been wanting to check this restaurant out for a while.  Finally got a reservation last night.  The decor is pretty nice.  It's dark and romantic....but the music was a little loud.  So it's american tapas.  Some are pretty good portions and some are very tiny.  The price isn't so bad either.  There are a lot of delish special cocktails.  I love all the dishes i ordered.  I highly recommend the french onion soup dumpling! yummy!  The kobe beef slider is pretty good too.  So get pretty and go check it out! But make sure to RSVP!Nothing special. Over priced, pretentious, retarded. Its a nice place to have a cocktail if you enjoy $13 drinks completely void of any alcohol whatsoever. Yea theres hot girls here and stuff, but ugh, shit ain't my scene. I will NOT be back.We went to Stanton Social for New Years..125 per person..unlimited champagne and food...food was uneven... a few dishes were good.. like french onion soup dumplings and philly cheese steak dog.. as well as perogi... the doughnuts were pretty good.. the bad - lobster pizza was not good at all, quesadilas were actually bad..the chicken and waffles was bad as well..dry and overdone.. the spring rolls were not delicious either.. rib eye for two came to our table cold.. and not tasty at all.. overall, the food was not great.. now for the service.. it was uneven...we either waited an hour for any food or got 3 to 4 plates at a time.. then on top of everything..my credit card was charged twice.. one for the real charge and then another charge for the twice as the first one.. Obviously will not return....Only hung out at the bar upstairs. Was a nice place with cozy lounge area. Decent cocktails, really good doughnut dessert... but really, it was the smokin hot server that made everything taste better..great setting in the les. got a table for 5 upstairs. quite loud and hip, but awesome.small plates rock.excellent meatballs and snapper tacos.mac and cheese and perogies great.an excellent basil gin gimlet.prices not too bad, surprizingly.will return for brunch.Good location, great atmosphere, some tight seating, but the food and service make up for this hotspot! Love it!I went here back in 2009 and did not enjoy this place.  However, on a second visit this week I had a much better experience and would go back again.  The goat cheese perogies were to die for, and everything else was really delicious-- crab cake corn dogs, dumplings, etc... This is a trendy place for a nice night out and the cocktails are awesome-- I tried many of them :)I have been here multiple times for brunch and once for dinner.   For both meals they serve a tapas type menu.  Dinner here was really good and trendy/romantic, but what they really do well is brunch.The mini pancakes, waffles and sausage are so good.  They also have a Benedict on cornbread which is really really good.  Also, I don't really drink, so when I went here over the summer the bartender made me a watermelon mock tail.  They actually had other kinds of mock-tails too, which i thought was pretty cool.Came here for dinner on a Tuesday night, the place is very trendy.good drinks and atmosphere. I would not come back for the food. I had the Thai ribs, snapper tacos, goat cheese thingy, veggie sliders, and pork belly spaghettini. Everything were kinda meh, and the pork belly was way too dry that I had to send it back (I never send food back). Service was also meh. I would come here again if someone else want to go, otherwise I would not go out of my way to eat here.Have visited from Southern California twice and Stanton Social knocked it out of the park both times.  Great vibe, service, cocktails and food.  Great people watching as well.  Went through 6 diverse dishes and they were all exceptionally prepared.  I never eat desert but it was so good had to indulge and it was insane.  Ketel Gimlets were made to perfection.  Chef Chris Santos has it dialed in to say the least  -- Chris--how about a SoCal outpost???.  Will be back on next trip.Hip, fun, energetic restaurant.  A place where food lovers should definitely eat.  Try the pierogies- the truffle sauce changed my view on food.  The donuts for dessert are not overly sweet and the perfect ending to a perfect meal.  The waiter's can help you narrow down the long list of choices to the best picks for your specific taste.  The menu is eclectic yet feeds the soul and leaves you satisfied.  I will be back time and time again and I will continue to introduce friends and family to this place!Originally we had tried to call and make reservations,but the lady told us the time we wanted was not available, but recommended us coming in anyways cuz there's usually an opening. Sure enough when we got there, she said there was a table available, but we just had to finish by ten p.m. for a party that was coming then. no problem. that gave us a good 2 hrs to enjoy our food. And did we enjoy it. Omg, the food was so good.What really stood out for me were the french onion dumlings, which was definitely something to try, and the kobe beef mini sliders..mm..yum. I also enjoyed the warm donuts at the end of the meal. mmmm...sigh...if only NY was a hop and a skip away. I'd be there in a second.Ok, the french onion soup dumplings are delicious, but not much to write home about on everything else, including service, ambience, price, etc.red snapper tacos--magnificentmoo shu rock shrimp (in warm fresh little crepes) -- amazingget the cookies for dessert - you wont regret itdont get the charred squid lettuce wraps - they taste too charredand the service could be improved upon. please leave the wine bottle at the table so we can refill on our own people.Even though I don't live in New York anymore, I had to write a review for this place, my favorite New York restaurant. Every dish you get will surprise and impress you. And don't forget about the delicious cocktailsmixed reviews...the french onion soup dumplings are not great. not bad, but not great.the miso sea bass was the best on the menuthe meatballs were mehthe pierogies were greatthe red snbapper tacos will fade from your memory but were goodthe doughnuts are not to be missedchampange was yummy (cava) champagne julep was very sweet but nice. service was great but we waited for 30 min for a 830 friday reservationThis place is a great standby place for a group of gals who love to share food.  The bar upstairs is very cool and the drinks are strong.  I came here last Monday (it was PACKED!), got a cozy booth and ordered a ton of things.  I really liked all the different sashimi, tacos and arepas, but I wasn't wowed by the grilled cheese slider and the risotto bites.  My only complaint is that the prices are  bit much for what you get, but this place is never at a loss for customers, so I'm not sure they need to lower the prices to get people in the door!Cool scene/ambience, but I haven't felt compelled to come back.  The dishes are hit or miss.  I didn't find anything special about the kobe beef sliders, and as much as I wanted to be, I wasn't particularly "wow'ed" by the french onion soup dumplings.  I did like the risotto cakes, and I'm positive we ordered at least 5 more dishes, but they weren't memorable, as I can't remember which.  On the plus side, I liked that we were seated at a large booth and not sandwiched into a small table, even though I was with only one other person.I really enjoyed this place. They have some pretty creative Tapas style dishes, that were a little spendy...but worth it. The Duck empanadas and the crab corndogs were quite good. Also I had a jalapeno infused margarita that was delicious. We stayed for a really long time and enjoyed as many things as we could on the menu. Also, the waitresses outfits were very cute.Nice swanky and posh place with great tapas.  The French Onion Dumplings, Lobster Rolls and Potato and Goat Cheese Pierogies are delicious.  The upstairs cocktail lounge is cozy. They just had a five year anniversary celebration and it was a happening scene.  The cocktails are a bit pricey but worthwhile.Holy S***, go get there brunch. It is Dim-Sum style (so lots of small plates). I recommend getting both sweet and savory breakfasts.Everything is cool about this place. We always take out of town guests here and they love it. The food is served appetizer/tapas style but it is all American creative food. The French onion soup dumplings are amazing. The kobe beef philly cheesesteak is good too and the drink list is very creative. The upstairs bar is a lounge after 12 that plays really good music. I recommended this place to a friend of mine who brought all her clients here and she said it was by far her favorite NYC restaurant.beautiful room. beautiful people. some of the best perogies i've ever had, could have eaten 10 of those little suckers, the black truffle creme fraiche helped. service was not great at first but improved later after our waitress went home and another guy took over, she was a disaster, i mean HELLO, a double espresso is NOT served in a coffee cup, its served in a demitasse... and yes, the food is great, thanks for NOT asking... bussers/runners were on the ball, didnt miss a beat, hope they get tipped out wellcocktails: strawberry fields, very good but could have used a little straw, the muddled strawberries kept blocking the top of the glass and i couldnt get to the booze, same problem with damn mojitos.classic 1940 champagne cocktail, most excellent!highlights: perogies, risotto cakes w mushrooms, crabcake corndogs, grilled cheese slider, duck confit empanadas.so-so: french onion soup dumplings were good but not as spectacular as most of the above.desserts: the chocolate tasting thing was pretty amazing; the blackberry empanadas were so-so, the sorbet it came with was very good.will DEF go again, those perogies are like crack, lots of super model types yakking on cellphones to keep you entertained, music loud enough that you can't hear them yakking...Me and my bf had reservations last night at around 11:30pm.   The crowd was bustling and we were seated downstairs in one of the cozy booths.  What we ordered:  1) French Onion Soup Dumplings (which I didn't love as much as everyone on yelp does)  They were ok.  Very, very cheesy .  2) Lamb Souvlaki which was delicious 3) Corn dog Crab cakes very good as well 4) Lobster Roll which was yummy 5) Kobe Philly - which my boyfriend loved and 6) the Baby-back ribs which were very tender and delicious but by then we were too full to finish them and had to save room for the highlight of our dining experience the WARM DOUGHNUTS!!!Maybe one of the only place in New York where the portions are tiny... because Stanton Social is some kind of Tapas/Brunch place. Therefore, you need to order a lot of plates until you'll get completely full (sometimes to the dismay of your waiter, bringing you your fifth ordering...). Every dishes were really tasteful and original!Nice selection of plates, fish, meat, veggies.  Nice wait staff, good cocktails!LOVING Stanton Social.. the drinks are GREAT especially the one w/ the muddled strawberries and grey goose.. the french onion dumplings are amazing and the mini cheesesteaks are even better.. oh and I can't forget the warm donuts with dipping sauce.... drooolingThis is a good place to have a quick drink. The food was okay. I ordered 8 different dishes, including their famous french onion dumplings.I don't give 5's often but dammit they deserved it! The food was mind blowing, served hot and we did not wait. The French Onion Soup Dumplings lived up to all the hype along with the Aged Cheddar Waffle with Grilled Chicken ontop with Balsamic infused Maple Syrup poured over it all.  Drinks were always being refilled and our waitress was on point. Always pleasant and accommodating, as it should be, but rarely is. Prices were completely reasonable and this could be one of my new local favorites.Atmosphere: great, it's great for a date.Food: Good, tapas. My favorite is the sliders.Cocktails: YummyI been there 3 times, and did not need a reservation.This Restaurant/Bar is perfect to grab a a bite to eat before or after a club. Really nice decor and ambiance, perfect to start off a great night with friends. Highly recommend to reserve since it usually gets packed especially on the weekends. Food was served tapa style. Recommend the snapper tacos, grilled aged cheese cheddar, and French Onion soup dumplings.The food was good when I went, but the prices are expensive. My friends and I spent about $50 each and were still not full afterwards. One thing I don't recommend getting is the small sliders/hot dog things that you can order for $9. I would save the money and just go to grab a slice of pizza (or Chinatown) to fill you up.Not my sceneI was taken here for my bachelorette party.  The food was AMAZING! I was shocked at how good everything tasted.  The space is very nice,  it's a bit of a scene but surprisingly not in an annoying way.  The dishes are fairly small and you will want to taste it all!  I could recommend the onion soup dumplings... they are so cute and taste incredible, pizzetta, potato periogies, sliders, mac and cheese and the frites are amazing!   The only bad thing is that the drinks are totally watered down, order the wine instead.We did want to see the lounge upstairs but there was a wait and we didn't feel like waiting so I can't comment on it.Overall a really fun place... will definitely be going there again.This is a really fun place to eat with friends and be fabulous but truthfully, many of the dishes somewhat disappoint.so in general i'm a huge fan of tapas, cause whats better than sharing food with friends. this is a typical tapas style eating experience but with very atypical tapas. the menu is influenced by japanese, american, italian and french cuisines so its fairly eclectic.from the get go we asked what the most popular dishes were and were greeted w/ the potato & goat cheese pierogies and fresh onion soup dumplings. the pierogies were delicious... deep fried fluffy balls of happiness and a great way to wet the palate. the second recommended dish was the french onion soup dumplings which I will pass on if i come back. the soup dumplings really had no soup and being the huge xiaolongbao fan that i am, this is unacceptable.we then chose the rest of our selections consisting of the baby back ribs, apple & brie quesadilla and risotto cakes.  the standout from this bunch for me was the quesadilla. the brie gave an unexpected bluish flavor that i thought went great with the apple flavors. the atmosphere is very chic LES so no qualms there. in general, expect standard fair with interesting additions. would definitely recommendI've always had a good time here. That may also be because I've always gone with good company. I've had dinner and brunch and both were very good. Brunching here is pretty expensive, but if you want to splurge, try it once or twice. This is more of a place to goto for dinner with a group of people (tapas). My party was late so I went upstairs to the bar for a drink. I was exploring their cocktail menu and made an adventurous yet poor choice. The bartender saw my face go sour and mixed me another drink free of charge. The service downstairs is a little slow but not unforgivable. The place may be trendy and loud but the food is undeniably good and it's a good place for groups to enjoy themselves on a nice night out.It's winter and face cracking cold....It was another Saturday morning when I opened my eyes and just felt like smothering myself in every blanket I owned watching netflix and staying in my Brooklyn bed...but no...I made a reservation for brunch at Stanton Social...and by god I was going to get to the LES, cracked face and all.    I cannot tell you how much I enjoyed this place...the atmosphere is cool but not in a fakey: "I'm too cool for school way"...and it is cozy at the same time, not easily done it seems. I love the fact that you don't just get a heaping plate of food...but several plates of mouthwatering bites to share with your table mates....I had the warm Doughnuts with caramel, the Breakfast Bruschetta, Croque Monsieur 'Satays and the Potato Latkes. As if that wasn't enough...I topped it off with a 1940's L.E.S Classic-sundried tomato vodka (Bloody Mary)....I never liked Blood Mary's until I drank this one! Seriously out of this world good...so good that the couple sitting next to me felt compelled to gush over theirs, with me, as I gushed over mine. Ten bucks for a drink sounds ludicrous until you taste it....yummmmmmmmmmmm!Great food at Stanton Social, though it's expensive. It's a once in a while experience to be shared with good friends.Really really good food - we got a ton of food and everything I tried was delicious (including the thing they put on the table before you order). The french onion soup dumplings are different and really good (a little greasy); I really liked the pizza - it was super thin crust and pretty garlicky. Drinks were great - I loved the 1940's Champagne Julep and a great wine. It was my boyfriends birthday so we invited a bunch of people for after dinner and we met them upstairs. We scored a banquet too, which made it that much better. Everyone had a great time!first ever five-star restaurant experience!this place was amazing. we came with a group of five which was great, because it meant we could try lots of things. which was good, because everything was fantastic. highlights were the mac and cheese, the huevos rancheros tacos, the french onion soup dumplings, and the apple and brie quesadilla. all unbelievably good. service was good. people say it's pricey, but when our bill came i had to double check, because for what we got it seemed way too low (maybe because we didn't get any booze). this place is definitely on my list for every time i'm back in new york.perfect place for your absurd but great friend to demand bottles of veuve clicquot be brought to your table well after the bar has closed.they obligedah summerOne of the best spots in the city for Tapas. Nice ambience. Extensive menu with a wide array of choices. A little pricey but well worth it. Never a disappointment!Tapas -style restaurant. Best thing about it is the French onion soup dumplings. We've tried about ten different items on the menu (pierogies, sliders, tuna shashimi, tacos, risotto cakes, etc) yet nothing else stood out. The atmosphere is very average. Did not like the waiter service as he quickly took away our plates and brought out a check. I hate to be rushed during dinner ,esp since we ordered a lot of food!  Also, this place was estrogen packed -  I've never seen so many girls in one restaurant.Loud, funky, a bit frenetic.  Fantastic food.  Servings are a bit bigger than some other tapas spots so don't overorder.  The octopus was death (better than to die for).  Loved the fish tacos, French onion soup dumplings and chicken/waffles.  Lobster roll/duck empanadas not so much.  Great service in spite of hectic atmosphere.1 hour and a half wait. I didn't even eat there yet, and I am stil excited. French Onion Soup dumplings.Overall our recent meal here was very good.  The standouts for me were the duck and black bean empanadas (sick, I could eat 10) and the mac n' cheese (you can almost miss it at the very end of the menu). The famed french onion soup dumplings were good, but need to be served in a different manner that enables you to bit into them.  As it is you are supposed to eat them all at once, which means you are destined to burn the hell out of your mouth.  A chinese soup spoon would be preferable.Service was prompt and professional, though the bar took longer than they should on drinks.And yes, I agree with the many other reviewers that something needs to be done about the music.This place is so amazingly bad! Just went here for brunch an had the worst experience.  It took 1.5 hours for our food to come out.  Our waitress was completely unapologetic and down right rude when we asked about our food.  I will never ever come back here.  Not even for drinks because the bartender seems to have had the same chip on his shoulder.Hey, if waiting in a supercrowded bar space for your late dinner reservation on a weeknight makes dinner special, than this spot is for you! The food is great, but not great enough to justify the ridiculous crowd and prices. Also, they told me the "warm donuts" on the dessert menu were like "beignets" - which suggests that they've never been to New Orleans and have been to Dunkin Donuts for Munchkins.Disappointed actually.   I'm not saying it's a bad place.  It's good but given all the great reviews and how packed & loud it was, was expecting the food to a star or 2 better.Great food. The grilled cheese, mac and cheese and French onion soup dumplings shouldn't be missed.Great service thanks to our server, Lily. We were a chaotic party of 6 and she along with the rest of the staff did an exceptional job with our meal.Great drinks. The basil champagne cocktail was a great way to start the evening, as the milkshake shots were a great way to end the night.(Note - It was really loud by the time we got there for our 8:30pm reservation. It didn't bother our party but it's not a place for intimate conversations.)This place concocts interesting tapas covering a plethora of tastes... four of us ordered eight plates and we were stuffed. I especially liked the Kobe Philly with truffle & goat cheese fondue ~ the goat cheese adds a kick but pairs nicely with the meat slices. The famous French Onion Soup Dumplings were also delish with hot soup enclosed within the dumpling shell all smothered with cheese and herbs. Even the simple Skillet Roast Octopus consisted of very tender octopus pieces drizzled with garlic, sherry vinegar, and pieces of chorizo. Maybe I was slightly underwhelmed by the Kobe Beef Burgers and the Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies, but they were still good, just didn't taste too special. The other three dishes we had were the Sweet & Sour Chicken & Cashew Spring Rolls, the Hand Pulled Chicken Arepas, and the Spicy Lamb Souvlakis with tzatziki, lime, and harissa aioli ~ all were tasty!Good ambiance. Food was good but overrated. Expected more based on previous reviews. That said I liked that we were able to get a table on the second floor for two without waiting on a Friday night. Had better cocktails for $13.Food is excellent however servers don't go above and beyond or even want to.  They  can come across as they don't care.    Definitely go and eat, the food is amazing.  Just don't expect friendliness from the staff.Everything was great as always.The food is solid but it is probably one of the worst service/dining experiences I've ever had. They cram people in and try and get you through in under an hour. As soon as you out your fork down, they have cleared the dish... And not in a good way. Our highball glass was cracked, our cappuccinos were served cold and half full, cheap on the wine pour and you feel like you're being churned through. Amazed it's so popular! Avoid if you can!Stanton Social is my kind of restaurant and the boyfriend's worst night ... small plates, expensive drinks, loud music. Stanton Social is definitely a must in New York, if not for just the french onion soup dumplings alone. But do not expect an intimate dinner or to even hear your partner!Food yummy, especially the French onion soup potstickers. A little pricey but not bad. Fifth star not given due to crowded seating, but usual for NYC.pretentious, appalling service, uninspiring food ... we had a reservation for 10:30pm, we've heard a lot of good things about this place and figure its worth the wait - little did we knowwe arrive to be greeted with an unfriendly host and the message that "you're table is not ready" but no indication as to how long we would have to wait. We can not get a drink at the restaurant and have to go up to a packed bar - umm, I think notI was with a friend from out of town and she wanted to eat there. if it were up to me, the piss poor reception would have been enough to send me awayMy friend is persistent, so she managed to get them to reluctantly serve us a drink and charge us for the pleasure. we wait 45 minutes, and are seated at 11:15pm!!the food was uninspiring, the place packed like sardines. If you wanted to be treated like a human being and not cattle, save your money and go someplace elseSo I've been hearing and reading a lot about this spot on the LES. I had the opportunity to try it recently. I would characterize it as American Tapas - we had french onion soup dumplings (good if slightly drippy), kobe beef and pulled pork mini burgers, meatballs, roasted red pepper bruchetta stuffed with goat cheese. All very good. The Social Tea was light and refreshing and I drank $36 dollars worth of them which is steep but apparently I really liked them so I didn't care. It's a good spot for groups but the food and drinks add up so be prepared to spend a lot. Gets crowded late night, even on weekdays and you need a res. Overall, it's a good spot to go to with friends for a trip to the LES for a night out.My wife picked out this restaurant online and I had no idea what to expect. During a stroll through the bohemian neighborhood during the day, it looked like the nicest restaurant in the area. We were escorted to the bar upstairs that was packed with trendy patrons and there were no seats available. When we got our seats in the restaurant it was very close quarters as most places in New York. But the thing that was most noticeable, was the large speakers with music so loud, it made it nearly impossible to hear your date; and impossible to not overhear your close neighbors, shouting to communicate. The food on the whole was good. The onion soup dumplings were a highlight. The tapas style menu looked inexpensive, but don't be fooled. We saw a tray of 4 sliders go by and ordered them, thinking they came in a group of 4 for $7.00, only to find out they were &7.00 each. The serving staff and bartenderess were all very friendly. 15 years ago I probably would have loved the party atmosphere.Went here for a friend's birthday.  We had a large group of 12 and were seated promptly on the second level.Because of our group size, we had a special menu with different tapas dishes available.  The food and service was good but it wasn't anything special. My only complaint:  when seated on the second floor, the last 2 people at the end our table were sitting directly under the staircase.  The bottom of the steps are NOT covered by anything so not only are the people that use the stairs completely exposed but dust/other particles from their shoes are prone to falling down onto our table and food!  Obviously this may not be visible, but I think management at an establishment such as this should be aware of this big no-no.  It's way worse than being seated right next to the bathroom!I've only been here for brunch, but I almost always take out-of-town guests here for brunch--unless they're on a budget. We usually order less than 2 dishes/person (and not the 2-3 they recommend--like for 5 people, I would order 7 or 8, depending how much everyone can eat). This usually puts us around $22-25 person, after tax and tip, without drinks. It's also perfect since they take reservations, and I'm usually still able to get them just a day before (even same day if your party is small).With that said, the warm doughnuts with caramel sauce are to die for--they remind me of the fresh malasatas in Maui, but even better (mmm...caramel sauce...so perfect and non-sticky)! The breakfast bruschetta is good, the french onion soup dumplings are a classic (stay away if you're not a fan of cheese), the pancakes are tasty, and the chicken + waffles are exquisite. (Don't care much for the apple/brie quesadillas...not a fan of the kick from the mustard.)Love this place--esp. great for when you're trying to impress without completely going broke.From the red snapper tacos to the french onion soup dumplings wow what a diverse and interesting menu. Our party chose to do the family style service and so we each chose one dish to share, there wasn't one disappointing item. I chose the foie gras pb&j just because who would ever put Fatted goose liver, Jelly and Peanut Brittle on one plate together? It was incredible I would order that particular dish over and over again.Went here for my birthday a few days ago with a group of 8. I had to give them my credit card for a reservation which i found odd. They have a 24 hour cancellation policy like the doctors office.  Also, they said everyone had to be there within 15 minutes which also made me very nervous. This ended up not being the cause cause they seated us even though one of my friends came an hour late. Very good food. Everything we had was delicious. Small portions (they were tapas -- i think everything on the menu is) so we were all kind of unsatisfied at the end-- everyone was saying they were gonna go for pizza when we left. One tapas dish i realized was 18$ after we ordered 3 of them.  Kind of a sticker shock there. The ambiance was great, and it was totally packed on a thursday night. The music was a little loud for my taste - i like to hear my friends at dinner, and not have to shout.  Overall its great for a happy hour kind of dinner with friends, but i wouldnt go there on a date simply because of the noise factor. Our service was great, the waitress made recommendations on what to order and we followed her advice, and she totally knew what she was doing. Everything came out super fast, including drinks. Major bonus since we were all starving. Overall if you are famished and go there for dinner it will definitely cost you about 50$ a person at least.  If you are ok with that then this place is totally cool.Onion soup dumplings are to die for!I have been to the Stanton Social numerous times and it has never disappointed. The food is consistent and tasty. The staff is friendly from the moment you walk in. At times you may have to wait though you have a reservation but the food is well worth it.The place is filled with young professionals and women who think they have style, and some who are still learning how to walk in heels it makes for good people watching. I highly recommend the:French Onion DumplingsPotatoe and Goat Cheese PerogiesSpicy Lamb Souvlakis - tzatziki, lime & harissa aioliSweet & Sour Chicken & Cashew Spring RollsButter poached Lobster PizzettaMac & Cheese is also delicious. I do not recommendThe Spinach & Goat Cheese Ravioli do not have any taste so stay away from them.The Stanton Social Beef Wellington is really amazing.Had a nice time here after the X-Mas blizzard. Lively, loud bar upstairs.    The onion soup dumplings were a disappointment :-(Saw this place on the food networks favorite things I want to eat Claire Robinson was raving about French onion soup dumplings and boy it didn't disappoint. It's a trendy modern atmosphere although tables are to close together I felt like I was hanging with the couple next to me and my wife. The dumplings are delicious as was the lobster roll just on the small side. Its pricey and portions are not generous but food tasted great. I'll surely be going back.Love the decor and atmosphere in this place, and the food was worth going back for. The spring rolls, pirogies, french onion soup bites, and donuts for dessert were memorable. The music was LOUD so not an easy place to chit chat but I would still go back.LOVE IT. Great spot for brunch if you want something different than the predictable, usual brunch fare. The french onion soup dumplings, ricotta fritters, short rib arepas, red snapper tacos... so many good, unique choices on this menu that are very well done.  Came here with 3 gfs for brunch and the waitress said they could add a 4th serving to a few of the dishes that had only 3 pieces (since it's a small plates/tapas place) - thought that was nice of them to suggest instead of leaving us to figure out how to divide equally cut 3 servings into 4 pieces. Very wallet friendly too - we shared 6 dishes + coffees and walked away paying $25 each.Everything I expected! The French onion soup dumplings were heavenly mouthfuls and I left with a headache from the noise.My sister Lama and myself had a "tete a tete" planned and decided to go to Stanton Social for dinner and drinks. The ambiance is really nice and they play really good music. We were comfortably seated on the couches in the romantic lounge area, even though we did not have reservations.Dinner:The red snapper tacos with avocado and mango are crunchy and small enough to be devoured elegantly. The french onion soup dumplings are delectable, i found myself shamelessly scraping the melted Gruyere cheese off the sides of the plate; undoing my previous attempt at elegance. The four chipotle grilled shrimps were excellent and perfectly flavored. We shared one of the kobe beef burgers, which was cooked to perfection. We decided we were still hungry so we shared a mac & cheese to finish off and all I could say was "OH YUM". Oh... we also had grilled asparagus, it was as good as asparagus can be.Don't judge us, the plates are small and our lovely waitress even asked us if we wanted any more food, so some people order more than us apparently. Would definitely recommend this place, even if it were for just drinks at the bar, which gets pretty packed (I cannot recall the names of our cocktails but they were delicious)Service was also excellentWent there last night. The service was horrible.  Everything was overpriced and the rude waitress was only interested in up-selling.  This place is everything that's wrong with the LES--a cross between TImes Square and the Meat Packing District.  Save yourself the hassle and aggravation go someplace else.We had a fabulous evening at Stanton Social.  Hip, dark, sexy restaurant downstairs with a lounge/bar upstairs.  Husband and I had dinner downstairs and stuffed our faces with scrumptious small plates including french onion soup dumplings, short ribs, crab cake corn dogs, miso mushrooms and popcorn shrimp.  All of them were delicious.  Guess their french onion soup dumplings are a signature and they lived up to the hype because they were crazy good!!  Oh yeah and they have pineapple martini that I couldn't get enough of so I drowned myself with four rounds.  After dinner, we went upstairs to hang out with Cousin and drink some more.Went here for part of my sister's bachelorette party. The food was amazing and so unique. We ordered about twelve different tapas dishes and my favorite was the chicken and waffles. So good and flavorful. Next time I'm in NYC I'll be coming here again!Love this place. Food is great, and its perfect place to tak out of towners for a fun NY vibe restaurant.I only give 4 stars because its pretty pricey.If I could give them ZERO stars, I would. I have lived in NYC for over 15 years, and I have never been in a situation like this. On a Wednesday night around 6:30, I took my Mother and two friends to the Stanton Social for dinner. It was completely empty, and we were seated pretty much immediately. Our waiter come over to take our drink orders - at the time we were still waiting for one of my friends to show up, but were looking at the menu and trying to have a conversation. The music was extremely loud, and even though we were sitting at a small table, we could barely hear each other. We placed our drink orders, and asked the waiter if he could please ask the manager to turn the music down a bit since it was so loud. As we waited for our drinks, my other friend showed up. The waiter came back to ask for her drink order. My mother mentioned to him that it seemed like the music had not be turned down, and had he happened to mention the request yet to the manager. His reply was "Yes, but I am not going to bother him/ask again, as he has gone into his office and closed the door." In a tone that was kind of snippy.We all kind of looked at each other in surprise. I don't think I have ever been spoken to like that at a restaurant, or had a manager pretty much ignore a customer's request. Especially since the place was empty, and we were pretty much the only party there. (I have worked in the food industry, and I know that any manager that I have worked for would have turned down the music a little bit had there been a request to do so)My Mother politely asked him if he could ask again, as it really was difficult to hold a conversation. He went off to ask, and shortly came back with this reply - "He said that he was not going to turn down the music as it was going to get busy soon and then it would just get loud again." We were all surprised at that comment, and were kind of looking at each other in amazement. We started to wonder if we should just get drinks and then go have dinner elsewhere. The waiter was still standing at the table, and said in a bit of a condescending tone " Are you sure you still want your drinks?". Well, after that, we just pretty much looked at him, looked at each other, and then said NO. Actually. We do not. We got up and left quickly after that.I honestly have never been treated like that at any establishment, and will never go back. Such a bad attitude all around.Crowded and loud but hip and fun as described below is correct! Some of the food is delish...some is a stomach ache waiting to happen! Expensive obvi. I would go back though although 'm not sure why...service was great and I love the decor of the lounge area upstairs...Food is well executed, but just be prepared to empty your wallet and leave hungry. It's very scene-y. You don't find real New Yorkers here so be prepared for that type of nonsense.The Stanton social club is incredible. Great food, incredible service, and just a plain awesome vibe. Def try the French onion dumplings, tuna tartare, and red velvet twinkies. My sister and I couldn't contain ourselves from ordering two rounds of dinner plates and three of the desserts.Stanton is an American take on tapas. I always enjoy most of their tapas but the only one that really stands out to me are the pierogies. The pierogies alone are reason enough to go to Stanton. And the truffle creme fraiche dip is drool worthy. I often try to hoard the creme fraiche so that I can dip my fries in it later. That reminds me the fries are good along with the philly sliders (note one order of the sliders will get you just that - one slider). Everything else is good and I experiment with different plates but I always have to get the pierogies, fries and philly slider. The service isn't the greatest and they can be pretty aggressive trying to clear plates (which is less than ideal when I'm trying to hoard the creme fraiche on my plate and they've already taken it and put another plate on top of it before I can say anything).Went to Stanton Social to have a late Sunday brunch with girlfriends.  The place was pretty busy for a sunday afternoon and dimly lit.  This place offers small plates for sharing so we got 6 plates between us three.  We got the french onion soup dumplings, huevos rancheros tacos, chicken and waffles, ricotta fritters, fries, and the steak and eggs.  Waitstaff tried to keep the delivery of food at a good pace so that we were not overwhelmed with everything at once. The best dish was the french onion soup dumplings, very tasty and different.  Even though the portions were small, we were still full at the end of our meal.  A couple of negative marks....the coffee was cold and we had 3 different waiters during our meal, partly because we were there between shifts.  Other than that it was a nice spot for a small group to have a good meal.This place is just fantastic.  Creative dishes that are worth the price! .  The famous french Onion Dumplings are just the coolest thing enough to drag you there, yet the entire menu is wonderful. Perfect for big groups so you can try everything.The bar upstairs might get a little clubby, but the food here is worth the crowd.  Perfect for a big group, the menu is all tapas style.Try the Kobe beef sliders, oh my lord.  And that sweet potato ravioli is a nice treat.  You'll eat so much, you'll feel sick, and then by morning you'll be ready to go back.I adore Stanton Social! The ambiance, drinks, and nouveau tapas/share plates are all very trendy and creative. I had my 21st Birthday here and have been sending my friends in search for a swank NYC dinner here ever since and they have all come back with raving reviews. Really fun for groups. The prices are standard for NYC and totally worth it. Probably one of my top 5 favorite restaurants in the city.Drink of choice: Basil Lime Gimlet....oh! and strawberry fields...mhmmMust order: Warm Piquillo Pepper Bruschetta stuffed with roasted garlic-goat cheese (aaaamazinggg! tried to recreate this at home and failed). Butternut and Sweet Potato Ravioli with vanilla brown butter & candied pecans. And also the Red Snapper tacos. yummy.The hype is real.This was an ok place.  We came after a show one night and I was already a little sick from the cab ride.  The room is small and it was so freakin' hot, I thought I was going to pass out.  People were sweating...it was pouring down their faces as they ate.  I only like to sweat for three reasons and being in a tiny restaurant is not one of them.  We opted to order our food and head home.  The food was okay, nothing to write home about.I went for brunch today with friends and we arrived around noon. For some reason I thought the place had just opened as we stood in the tiny lobby area for about 10 minutes before others got seated and then us.The server was great by asking if we'd ever been there and the concept of the place. We ended up over ordering and couldn't finish it all. We had the warm doughnuts - delish, snapper tacos - great but seriously could feed a barbie, perogi's - great but not work the price and some sides. I will say I'm a sucker for eating small little bite, which is why this was my first time coming for brunch but not dinner. It all looks cute however I do think it's a bit pricey for what you get if you don't over order. We all spilt the meal 3 ways and paid $30 each - yikes and didn't even order a drink with it.Great place - you get exactly what you expect: very good, vey creative food, fun crowd, a little too loud and too dark, expensive drinks, but a good choice for a fun meal before a night out.  Get the french onion soup dumplings!When I visit NY one of the must do on my list is eat at Stanton Social. There is nothing better than the spicy lamb, mac and cheese and the chicken and waffles. Nothing on the menu is a let down.Fantastic food and super fun atmosphere. It's like a cross between a 5-star dinner and a dance party! DJ was a blast, following up Far East Movement with the Eurythmics. The pierogies are a must, as is the tuna sashimi. Finish the meal off with a $3 spiked "milkshake", and it's the perfect way to kick off a night out.Had my first date there. Was a hit. Have also been there after work with coworkers. Great crowd, awesome food and great service. Pricey but worth it.When I was invited to go out to a tapas bar, which was the Stanton Social, it reminded me of my trip to Washington DC and the few that I went to, which I really enjoyed. So I decided to join in on the fun......disappointing.The food was pretty good, such as the kobe beef sliders, ribs, and the french onion dumplings. And the waitstaff was friendly Those were the ONLY good things.The bad.The bill killed our wallets. It was 7 of us and the bill was about $300 or more (I believe we had to pay at LEAST $60 each, maybe $80). I also had a drink that was $11, and it wasn't even a decent size and it was too watery. On top of that, the music was WAY TOO LOUD!!!! Like we were at a club. I couldn't have a decent conversation because I couldn't even hear anyone. Loud music is for clubs when you have a few drinks and to get up and dance, not when you are sitting down for dinner.Two stars because the food and service was good. I wouldn't go back, though. For small portions of food, they're WAY overpriced...Great food, ambiance, and good time.This review is really a 2.5, but of course, there are no half stars here yet.We had been looking forward to trying out Stanton Social for quite a while.  After all the rave reviews, we were expecting a really great time -  we went with a group for a special occasion, armed with recommended dishes...and it was a pretty big letdown.  Kobe Beef Sliders were raw and freezing cold - and at $7 a pop, that's kind of hard to swallow (no pun intended). Most of of the other dishes tasted pretty much the same as each other - plenty of crunch with no taste.  Not to mention a burst pipe put our table essentially dining in a river.  Saving graces included a comped dessert (check out our pics) and the lobster pizzetta. For elaborated review and good quality pictures check out harrietmagpie.comReally delicious food and a very knowledgeable attentive waitress. i like the small courses so you can get a taste of everything and all share. The only thing is that it was a little loud inside. Otherwise, great place for dinner.excellent food - love the little platesthe decor is perfectdefinitely have the milk and cookies for desertCool, beautiful, delicious and relaxing. A Perfect dining experience.Went there for brunch. There was some weird high volume techno-lounge music that made difficult any conversation. Food was good but portions are small.Nice decor by award winning firm AvroKo, Staton Social is an good place for drinks at night, not reccomended for lunch or anything before 9pm.Stanton Social last night was the first meal kicking off a 5-day restaurant tour that will go next to Il Buco, Havana Alma de Cuba, Public, and culminate at DBGB for Sunday Brunch.First off, I recommend this place, particularly for more than 2 people (we were 3).  Fun vibe, good energy, sleek interior.  All good things.  But ratings require context.  Will Il Buco and Public's food be better?  From experience, yes.  But neither Il Buco or Public warrant a 5, so Stanton must get a 3.The restaurant is American tapas with a lounge/club feel.  Dinner food was tasty overall - best dish was the meatballs (unexpectedly delicious), and other enjoyable bites were pierogies, arepas, kobe beef & grilled cheese sliders, and butternet squash/sweet potato ravioli.  Under the category of "fine, but I won't order again" were the chicken & waffles and the brussel sprouts (who needs veggies anyway?).Desserts were mostly a skip, aside from the "warm doughnuts".  Honestly, just get 2 orders of those and pass on other temptations like milk & cookies or apple pie sundae.No specialty cocktails at our table so nothing to report other than the presence of a good-looking list of interesting drinks.Service was fine but not great.  Got 2 of the small plates fairly quickly, but then a random 15 minute gap with nothing.  Waitress was reasonably attentive but also reasonably disinterested.Bottom line: worth the visit and I'd go back.  Good time to be had and very wide selection of mostly tasty stuff.  There were about 10 other dishes I would have tried, so that alone will be worth the return visit.ProsGood ambiance.Great for a romantic dinner with your love.and also great for drinks and tapas with your friends.French Onion Soup Bites ConsNot all food is great. One of my go-to restaurants to start off a weekend or afterwork.A group of my friends decided to come here after seeing a segment about the french onion soup dumplings on a show on the Food Network.  We made a reservation for this restaurant one month in advance for a group of 8 people on a Friday evening.  Once we checked in at the restaurant we still ended up waiting almost an hour before we were seated at a table.  The restaurant and bar were very crowded and loud and the hostess was quite rude when we mentioned that we had been waiting so long despite having a reservation.  However, the manager/owner must have overheard our complaints.  He made sure we had a round of drinks and 3 dishes were ready at the table when we finally sat down, which helped to make up for the long wait.  The service at the table was quite attentive.  Plates come out as they are made and are cleared as soon as they are empty to make room for more.The food itself was creative and the menu was quite eclectic.  I thought the food was good and tasty but not spectacular.  The cocktail list has some interesting drinks and I thought the cucumber-vanilla cosmopolitan was refreshing and delicious.  I highly recommend the chocolate tasting on the dessert menu as it was by far the best thing we had during the meal.  Each of the 7 small desserts was wonderfully decadent.What we ordered:French onion soup dumplingsPotato and goat cheese pierogiesRed snapper tacosBarbecue duck confit and black bean empanadasWasabi pea crusted salmonWok charred lobsterWild mushroom ravioliJumbo lump crabcake 'corn dogs'I should point out also that the restaurant will scale the size of the dishes so that everyone in your party will get one piece to try, which can make the cost add up quickly.Have not eaten here - but had drinks upstairs with friends.  The drinks were truly awful - I had the worst margarita ever - for $13 it was criminal.  My wife had one of their "special" mojitos which tasted like mint flavored water.  The bartender was more focused on the two girls at the bar than making drinks and admitted that he only tends bar for fun - well its not fun for the people who have to drink his drinks.  Sadly my experience at the bar will probably keep me from eating at the restaurant.Three years ago, when Gossip Girl first came out (or whenever it was, that's unimportant, like the show), we had cocktails upstairs. The drinks were on-trend but not bleeding edge - no self-respecting mixologist would be inspired by these beverages - but my most lasting memory of the occasion was going down the stairs to leave and being encountered by some guy who insisted on walking up the wrong side and being very annoyed by the fact that I would not yield to him. Apparently, it was "that guy from Gossip Girl" who I still don't know and who is still unimportant.Several years later, we went back for the food because the French onion soup dumpings were supposedly worth giving the place a second chance. Everything we ordered, from the tasteless pierogies to the mediocre chicken and waffles, seemed promising on the menu but were so utterly disappointing on the table. The red velvet twinkie probably saved the meal, but soup in an escargot plate and red dye no. 2 do not a meal make. Stanton Social had its moment years ago and now lives off the distant memory of being a boldface name hot spot.Chic and trendy.  Stanton social is a great place to share wonderful small plates and drinks with friends.  The crab cake corn dogs and the meatballs were the tables favorites.  The service was outstanding.  The table was constantly cleared to make room for new samplings.  The host even went out if his way to change our table to accommodate our large group, without us even asking.  Great attention to detail!!!!!!!Wonderful food and atmosphere! I wish they could make the 'french onion soup dumplings' vegetarian friendly. Excellent yellowfin sashimi and red snapper tacos. Everything I ate there was great!We had dinner reservations at 9:00 pm for eight people on a Saturday. The hostess informed us that she hoped there were no "large men" in our party. We found out why once we were seated, but more on that later. A few of us arrived early and were directed upstairs to the bar/lounge area. Initial observations:1. the music was WAY to loud2. The bartender was incredibly rude (hey, I get it, bartending is a tough job, but when asked for a beer, he replied "Yeah, everybody wants something." and then walked away. Beer then showed up at a glacial pace. I was too scared to ask for water after that.)Once we were seated, it was quite clear why the hostess expressed some concern over large mammals. The table was tiny. It was like trying to fit the population of China in a shoebox. On top of that, the music in the main dining area was even louder than in the lounge. And it was bad euro-trance. It felt like we were eating in the middle of a club. Prior reviews regarding the bathroom were quite on point; there is only one, so expect to wait if it's busy.The food was actually quite good. That was the only plus. Moral of the story: if you live in Brooklyn, and/or are over the age of 30, and/or aren't interested in being surrounded by meathead frat-boys in a psuedo-club that happens to serve food, find somewhere else to eat. There are so many amazing choices out there to waste your time with this one.this is a delicious place in nyc. when we got there we had a reservation and the place is pretty.this is what my family and i got.caeser salad crostini-compliments of the restaurant,yum! spring rolls w/ dipping sauce- delish! & topped with cashewsfrench onion soup dumplings- you must get this! you will not find it anywhere else and it is AMAZING!!!foie gras- didn't have any, but they looked great!braised short ribs- delicious! very filling though.we got a bunch of other stuff also, but these is the yummiest!Accommodating and delicious. Even on a Friday night in the summer, we were sat immediately. When you see this menu just order one of everything. Skip the fries -- don't waste room in your stomach on such a simple dish. Go for everything else.The drinks are overpriced ($13 each), but they have some strange and amazing concoctions. Dark Magic = Guinness + Champagne and is amazing.The red snapper tacos are unbelievable. The sauces that accompany the littlenecks are to die for. At about 10pm it becomes overcrowded, but if you get a table you'll be fine.For three people we ordered 8 plates. It cost $175 before tip.Amazing Brunch. Actually, I think this place is 4.5 stars, but I'll round up this time!On the expensive side (for brunch)  $100 for 6 tapas and three juice per person including taxes: It's not a place that I would visit on a normal basis.  Mental note that most tapes come in portions of 3, so if you go with a group of 4 people, beware that you'll be doing A LOT of cutting to split the food evenly!Warm Donuts: fried dough, don't think anyone can mess that up, it was decent.Waffles: AMAZING!  Perfect combination of blackberries, sugar, waffles texture, warmth.Breakfast Bruschetta: Really goodSpicy Lobster Benedict: Really good! (Only two pieces), the chipotle hollandaise was really good.Braised Short Rib Arepas: Really good, but again, was pretty full by thenSpicy Lamb Souvlakis: Not particularly crazy about the minty sauce, the one dish that we didnt finish, although it was the last dish out, we may have been all full by then...Overall: YUM, would go back again!I've been to stanton social about 10 times now. Every time I've been there, I had the best meals. The red snapper tacos, crabcake corndogs, french onion soup dumplings,thai calamari sliders, kobe sliders, pierogies, and lobster rolls are all amazing. Recently I tried the thai spiced ribs and i looooooved them! The food is not the only reason i go. The staff is always so warm, especially sedgrick the manager. And of course, owner and rock star chef chris santos. He was so kind to come out and meet and greet with me and my best friend Katina. He also handed us his card and told.us to e-mail him directly whenever we wanted to make a reservation. He totally loves and appreciates all of his fans! This is one of my favorite restaurants and every friend that I've taken here has loved it too!!!!The itsy bitsy tapa went up into my mouth,Along came the check and washed my wallet out.Haha, anyways, here's what we ate:1) Caesar Salad Crostini: On the house because of our 30 minute wait.  It's basically what a cesar salad is all in one bite.  Very tasty.2) Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies: Also on the house.  There's a whole lotta cheese in each serving which might be a bit overwhelming for those not familiar with goat cheese, but I liked it.3) French Onion Soup Dumplings: I didn't really like this, but I'm not really a big fan of French onion soup to begin with.  It's an interesting idea though and worth a try if you do like French onion soup.4) Fish Tacos: I didn't like this either.  I tasted mostly rice in my taco and the rice wasn't that great or warm either.5) The Stanton Social Beef Wellington: The beef was perfectly cooked and seasoned.  I wish there was more of this!  Eat it quickly before the sauce softens the puff pasty.6) Kobe Beef Burger: I felt this was a waste of Kobe beef.  After you mince it up and stuff it inside a bun, it could really be almost any kind of meat.7) Butternut Squash Ravioli: Very tasty sweet butternut squash filling inside a perfect pasta dough served with a yummy sauce.Overall, the food is pretty good.  The deliciousness to price ratio isn't as high as I would like it to be so I gave 3 stars.I didn't eat there.  I just went there for the bar.  It was super crowded and the 'bouncer' for the seating area kept yelling at us to stay close to the bar.  the clientlee was ok.  not sure what the hype is all about.  it's super posh for lower east.Pretty Loud, good food and excellent drinks. Loved the french onion soup dumpling. Very crowded. Reservation is a must. Even with reservation we had to wait for more than 15 minutes to be seated.Return ? Yes Frequency ? OccasionallyKiller drinks. Literally.  Felt like I was going to fall over when I stood up from my blood orange jalapeno margarita.  But, the zuchinni tempura, the amaaaazing miso glazed edamame, the fish snapper tacos, the shrimp, the mascarpone risotto cakes (omg) and the desert shots were fantastic.  I can't wait to go back and have EVERYTHING else on the menu.  Make a res!So I've been there twice, once for "dinner" with my particularly brilliant friend who didn't bother to make reservations for a group of 12 on a Friday so we ate at the bar, but I was immensely happy with the high ratio of options containing goat cheese on the menu. The second time I was there for brunch, the food was fantastic (breakfast bruschetta, french onion thingys, donuts, and biscuits and gravy winning highest marks), but to be honest I was even more interested in the waiter, wow, nothing cures a hangover like 3 bloody mary's and the hottest waiter I've seen in a long time.Wonderful drinks and a fab atmosphere. Great place for hanging out with friends and chilling. It is loud, so don't expect to have a cozy tete-a-tete.Chicken and waffles!  Mini milkshakes!  I was so appreciative of the staff for accommodating us--my guests' flight arrived really late, so we had to cancel our original reservation elsewhere and called Stanton Social at the last minute to see if they'd take us about a half hour to close.  We were the only table at the end, and having waited tables, I know that servers can be totally grouchy about this (guilty!).  But our server and the bartender did not betray the slightest bit of annoyance if there even was any--they were amazing to us.  It turned an unfortunate situation into a really fun, special first night for my guests.Overpriced for what we got. I spent $60 and was not satisfied by the end of the meal. Also, the dishes were either hit or miss so it really depends on what you order. Fresh oysters and kobe beef sliders were ok, and best part of the meal was the french onion soup dumplings. Skip the spring rolls, chicken n waffles, and quesadillas.Verlaine forced me to drink too many lychee martinis (so good!), so we ventured to Stanton Social for some late-night grub. The downstairs was full but they kindly suggested the upstairs- good idea! The loft is filled with comfy couches and coffee tables--- and the crowd was so sweet, I felt like I was in a room full of good friends (as opposed to the singular one that I brought). Our food was amazing (Kobe burger, some sashimi, and some other stuff that I can't remember- but I know it was yummy though a bit pricey), the waitress was really friendly, and it was ohhhh-so comfy. Can't wait to go back and try more of their small plates!The first time I went to Stanton Social we did not have a reservation.  We waited about 30 minutes in the upstairs bar then got sat downstairs in a super cute booth.  Had a fantastic time. This time I made a reservation.  Granted it was Friday, but still.  We had a 10pm reservation and we did not get seated until a little after 11pm.  We sat at a table on the second floor in the bar section and right next to the line for the bathroom.  Not cool.  Music so loud we could barely talk and drunk people hovering over our table (and sometimes talking to us) who were waiting to use the restroom 3 feet away.  Ugh.The food is all still pretty good.  We had a gluten free, vegetarian friend and surprisingly she was able to eat a lot of what we got (she eats fish).  Prices are average for what it is.  I do really love those onion soup dumplings.  And we had some sushi-type things that were tasty too.  Overall I had  good time, but if I return I'll make sure to request a table on the first floor.I'm not always a fan of small plate places where typically you find only one or two of the selections good and simply just want more of those, while forgetting the rest.  This place however, just about everything we tried had enough intrigue that it made you just want to try more and didn't leave you missing out on having more of any one thing.The standout dishes were definitely the french onion dumplings, lamb souvlakis, mac and cheese, and doughnuts.The little caesar salad amuse bouche was tasty although the lettuce was long ago shredded and dressed.  The french onion dumplings were like eating a piece of bread engorged by french onion soup covered in melty-crispy cheese. The lamb souvlakis were juicy with a good bit of spice and heat (not exactly what I'd term a souvlaki, but it was still good).  The mac and cheese was gooey and just plain ole yummy.  The beef wellington was cooked properly to a nice medium rare with a nice crispy dough, the sauce it stood in though was a bit too vineagery.  the red snapper tacos were good with a nice citrus bite to them.  The short rib tacos were tasty enough to make up for how dry they were (oh well, just take another drink or two).  We couldn't pass up the red velvet twinkies and the doughnuts.  The red velvet was fairly dry, but the rich creamy filling helped out.  The doughnuts were amazing and the caramel and strawberry (or was it raspberry?) dipping sauces matched the doughnut so well, however the chocolate sauce was a bit too dark/bitter for the airy doughnuts.  I left still wanting to try more on the menu, but just couldn't work it out with my full belly or my wallet.This place isn't cheap if you want to really fill yourself up, but was definitely worth it for such a fun dining experience to share with friends.  Oh, and those stairs are dangerous, can't see how those wouldn't cause a few problems after a long night of drinking.We came here for a birthday dinner.  I was running late parked on ludlow without  checking the signs and got a beefy ticket.  That made my dinner much more expensive.  Lucky, i had a great time with our group and everything tasted delicious!  There were only a total of 5 guys in the restaurant, i would never bring my husband here.  It was quite loud (probably saturday night).The bigest problem I have with this place is that once you enter it, the french onion dumpling soup pretty much takes over the place and the place smells kind of like vomit. I know awfull comparison but I who love smell of sauted onions could not get past this smell. Offcourse needles to say I ordered the onion dumpling soup and it was just inventive way on french onion soup but flavor wise nothing exciting. The fois grass was a miss, the flavors that they combine with fois gras did not do it for me. The highlight for me were fish tacos, not outstanding but the best out of all the things we tryed,and we tried about 10 different things from the menu. If you like loud, pretentious places this is the place to go, I for sure will not go back anytime soon.A great place for a social, fun dinner and drinks. Good food. Good drinks. Cool crowd and ambiance.This place was amazing  I read the reviews and the pictures were helpful.  We were seated on time for our reservation, the drinks were great, each of the tapas were great, and the prices were reasonable.  I am a huge fan of tapas because you get to try so many different things.  As a foodie, presentation for me is half the battle. Each dish was well crafted.  It felt like we were getting a gift every time a new selection was brought to the table.  I recommend this place for a great girls night out.Went here with a bunch of girlfriends last year. I remember I liked the food but there wasn't anything memorable to it. I think this place would be cool to go with a big group to hang out at the bar and listen to music. It was hard to talk because it was loud and the place was really dark...I like to at least have enough lighting to be able to read my menu. Service was ok.The food here is absolutly fantastic! The portions are not big, but it is Tapas style....So don't expect gorge yourself. Went on a date and ordered 5 items, 4 drinks and desert...Total was 120 including tip. Not that bad. The sweet n sour chicken spring rolls are a must; Spicy snapper tacos were off the charts and don't even get me started on the meatballs! The bacon & blue cheese pizata and the Lobster ceviche cakes were different, but very tasty. Trust me, order the warm Doughnuts! They come with 3 sweet dipping sauces and they melt in you mouth. I will for sure go back!Fantastic food, good ambiance, average wait staff.....but you cant have it all. I eat here on a regular basis. I wish they had not discontinued the delectable sea bass skewers.......We went there with a group of 7 people. It was very crowded and mostly booked. The doorperson was very friendly and told us we could have a table until the next party comes. We sat on the 2nd floor and the lightening and music was just perfect. We ordered several dishes to share among 7. Everything was just delicious. Chic crowd and a busy and elegant place. I'll definitely come backI've been to this place for brunch, dinner, or late night drinks. This place gets packed at night. It is easier to make reservation for brunch than for dinner. Everything is tapas style, so the idea is to order a bunch of different dishes and share with people. I would give 4 stars to the French Onion Soup Dumplings, which are my favorite dish from here. Everything else is just mediocre, hence an overall rating of 3 stars.Cool place with great food & drinks. Excellent service. The onion soup dumplings were awesomeGreat Spot for a date or dinner with friends. The menu is wonderful and the food tastes great. The place in is set up nicely and has a nice atmospere. I would have given it 5 stars but I deducted one because we felt a little rushed. The food comes out quickly and as soon as it is done we got the feeling they wanted us to head out quicklys.My husband and I had dinner on Saturday night at The Stanton Social while in town for the weekend. This was actually 3.5 stars, but I'm rounding down because nothing really just jumped out at us to make it four star worthy. Everything about our dinner experience was fine, but nothing really wowed us.For drinks, my husband had the Strawberry Fields which I tried and enjoyed. He liked the fresh muddled strawberries in it. I had the 1940s Champagne Julip which was also good, although it had a little too much basil. For food we had caesar salad crostini (amuse bouche), chicken arepas, green apple and brie quesadilla, chipotle grilled shrimp, chicken and waffles, butternut squash and sweet potato ravoli, and the herb fries. Our favorite dish was the chicken arepas (it was definitely the standout of the night) with the chicken and waffles also being good, although it needed a touch more maple syrup. The ravoli was my least favorite dish by far so I left that to my husband to eat. The husband was disappointed in the shrimp dish (he felt it needed more heat), but I thought it was fine. We both felt the quesadilla needed more brie. We skipped dessert as none really stood out on the menu. For our two drinks, the food, tax and tip, our bill came to $130The atmosphere is definitely trendy with music playing, so make sure to speak up if you want your dining companion to hear you. The bathrooms are on the third level (along with more seating and the bar) with only two unisex stalls available, so be prepared to wait a little.Overall it was a fine experience, but I won't be running back on my next NYC visit.Those French Onion Soup Dumplings are, quite literally, a flavor explosion. Very unique and totally delicious. We also had their Chicken and Waffles, as well as the Red Snapper Tacos. All were very flavorful, creative twists on these dishes that you won't soon forget. Excllent service, great cocktails, nice atmosphere. An easy 5 stars.If you are a fan of small/shared plates like me - GO HERE.  Food is delicious, but comes at a price.  You have to order quite a few plates to get full.  I would suggest coming here for a lighter meal + fancy cocktails (not for a full on sit-down meal - it has lounge seating/low tables).  To me, it's worth it.  You're not only paying for the food, but for the experience.  The place is fab yet cozy at the same time.  Good for a girls night or a date.I love tapas, and I love remakes of classics, so I love Stanton Social. The onion soup dumplings are a must... you've never had anything like them. The red snapper tacos are really excellent too. Beauty and Essex is owned by the same people as Stanton Social, but stick with Stanton Social... can't top the original.I love the atmosphere of this place.  Dim lighting & dark color scheme contrasted with stark candles, it's perfect for a date.  I tried their tuna  tar tar (loved it), duck confit (okay), and the pierogies (okay).  I would come back because I just love the environment.I was here a few weeks back for my bday where I was given the lounge area upstairs.  Because of my party size, any event over 16 required seating upstairs along w. a pre fixe menu.  @ $55 a head excluding tax, tip and beverage, I had to choose 7 family style savory plates along w. their house desserts.  Below were the items chosen and in addition, I also added the foie gras:*Potato & goat cheese pierogies w. truffle creme fraiche:  AWESOME*Red snapper tacos w. creamy avocado and spicy mango: AVERAGE*Spicy Lamb Souvlakis w. harissa aioli: VERY GOOD but where was the spice?*B&E's Salt & Pepper Shrimp w. miso sambal mayo:  NOTHING SPECIAL*Grilled apple & brie quesadilla w. mustard, maple syrup, smoked bacon:AWESOME*Kobe Beef Burgers: Signature dish....Enough said!*Rhode Island Lobster Rolls: Very fresh...AMAZING*HV Foie Gras w. onion marmalade & pistachios: Good for a beginner as there was more marmalade than gras!*Jaime's Cookies: Didn't remember*Warm Doughnuts: Second to the Kobe Burger....For my first time here, I gave SS a respectable 4 stars because of the great service, organized team that setup this event for me, and the very good food.  The issue I had was the value of what my party paid for.  Reading down the list, the menu would entice any foodie because we value value over cost.  Based on past reviews, I've spent a good amount on great food but I left filled and satisfied.  However, @ 55 bucks a head excluding the foie gras I actually purchased for my party which would have made it $61 a head without tax or tip seems a bit much for the amount of food we received.  I guess never having been here, I didn't know what to expect.  Obviously I didn't expect more than 1 lobster roll or kobe burger per person but I didn't expect literally one piece of item per person @ that price.  Being in the business myself and dining out often, i don't mind paying for food/service/ambiance but for the 1st time, I thought it was a bit overpriced solely based on the amount of food my party received.  Besides that issue, loved the place and would definitely try again but will rule out the pre fixe menu.The Stanton Social was a hit last night: perfect for a group of 5 looking for a lively drinks venue cum family style tapas restaurant - just the right prelude to a party night out, gets you right in the mood. The bartenders know how to mix a drink, and all the tapas we had were either good or very good. Though I can't remember exact names, for your reference we had chicken & waffles, snapper tacos, zucchini tempura, fried calamari, goat cheese & truffle empanada, and a yummy decadent slider. Perfect amount to not roll over too full and continue the night on a high note.I feel like this place is highly overrated.  This is a bad place to go if you're hungry & not rich.  I've been here twice & I can't say that I found anything memorable.  The food is tasty, but not special.  It's certainly not worth what they charge for it.  The waitress Ashley is awesome though!Color me not impressed. Food is unique and tasty, but I left famished! I know its tapas style, but even at that if I was to eat to be full/satisfied I'd need to mortgage my house.Nice bites, the chicken and waffles were dryer than a desert tortoise's toe nails, but the french soup dumplings quenched our palates. Potato and goat cheese pierogies, grilled cheese and croque monsieur were also delectable.Had a gilt coupon brunch here recently.  The food here is fantastic the only thing I didn't care for was the dough nuts & jalapeno margarita.  Everything is mouth watering.  The decor is tropical-chic.  The service is fast, super friendly and professional.  I think my favorite brunch option was the chicken & waffles.  I will be back & you should check this gem out too!meh.i had some friends in town from the dallas, texas area. so, i chose the stanton social as our dinner spot to catch up. it was a weekday at 8 PM and the crowd was quite sparse. ideally, i would have liked the crowd to have been poppin . . . ya know, so my out-of-towner friends could get a good idea of NYC night life. but, nada . . . sigh.the sub-par social scene notwithstanding, the tapas were excellent. for three of us, we ordered about 5 dishes and we were pleasantly stuffed. it was just the right amount of food. we ordered the goat cheese pierogies, french onion soup dumplings, veggie sliders, side of asparagus, and the mac & cheese. it honestly was all very delicious. i also had a strawberry fields cocktail, which was AMAZING! i loved eating the sunken strawberries after slurping up my cockail.overall, i'd say this is a cool place for a date or a girls' night, perhaps. but without a poppin crowd, it will be a simple, somewhat predictable dining experience. nothing too special. unfortunately, i'm pretty sure my friends have been to places equal to, if not greater, back home in texas . . .I spent my NYE 2012 dinner here..booked seating for 25, and had an amazing time! Wonderful tapas style menu, so small portions as expected, but one nice treat after another. Lots of Vegetarian selections for myself and several of my veggie guests. Great service, and nice atmosphere, great drinks and champagne on the house served in a classy, darkened candle-lit loungey upstairs seating...so glad I decided to dine there!! My friends from all over (California, Chicago, NY and Miami loved it)!4.5 stars. Been meaning to come here for so long but kept being lazy about making a far in advance reservation and kept getting stuck with either a 5 PM or 10 PM which I could never make. Finally made it here on a Thursday night though and it definitely lived up to the hype! First we went upstairs to the lounge area to wait for our table to be ready and had a drink. I think you can order food upstairs as well so if you can't get a res, you can try your luck at trying to snag a seat upstairs. Anyway, there were so many choices and I was so impressed by everything we ordered. If you need some guidance on what to get here's what we had:-French Onion Soup Dumplings- What a genius idea and tasty spin on soup dumplings. This was so delicious we had to order a second round! (must order this)-Beef Carpaccio- this was good but you can get this at a lot of places I would order something more exciting off such an eclectic menu!-Red Snapper Tacos- Come in hardshell tacos and they're stuffed, but a little small. Still tasty and I'd definitely order this again -Grilled Apple & Brie Quesadillas- Apple and brie went really went together and inside a quesadilla it was even better-Maryland Jumbo Lump Crabcake Corndogs- These were good but not amazing. I love corn dogs and I'm from Maryland and by default love crabcake but at the end of the day I guess it's essentially a fried crab cake. -Thai Spiced Baby Back Ribs- Ribs were pretty tender and loved the sweet salty thai spin on the sauce -Chicken n' waffles- These were okay. Definitely not the best chicken and waffles I've ever had but this fatty combo is always goodWe were a party of 4 girls and 8 dishes was definitely enough. As some have mentioned before it is a bit pricey, but you don't eat a place like this everyday. Also, it does get a bit noisy just because it's so packed, but it's not unbearable. Come here and treat yoself!The food was fun and tasty. Loved the goat cheese pierogies.You should visit Stanton Social if you're too tired and you've just had it all are still looking to wind down amidst all the LES madness.  During the middle of the week. If you're looking to wind down from a larger party, but still want a place that's vibrant, sexy and semi-important looking, Stanton Social should be at the top of your list. Upstairs is quite cozy and it's easy to fall asleep on their plush leather couches.  Waitresses are nice, sexy and knowledgeable with the menu. What more could you want?Stanton social is an easy 4.5.  I love tapas places because you get to try a variety of things on the menu in one sitting, I came here with 3 other people and we all shared dishes because most dishes came as 3 or 4 pieces, with that said we ordered 4 dishes shy of the entire menu and when you thought it could never get better than the current dish it did.  The food here was outstanding!!!!  If you're ever in the area around brunch or lunch time it's a must go place.  I look forward to our next visit.This place was awesome. We didn't have reservations and chanced just going in and waiting. The guy at the host station said that if we promised to give the table back in an hour and fifteen we could be seated right away. DONE! And, we didn't feel rushed. Ordered different tapas from the moment we sat down and enjoyed our meal and drinks. Speaking of drinks, the blood orange margarita was especially yummy. We got the french onion soup dumplings that everyone and their mother said were amazing and they were good but the truth is that the other things on the menu were even better. We got the soft tacos, pierogies, mushrooms and a tuna roll. The potato and goat cheese pierogies were outstanding and a must try!!! The cocktails are pricey - but what isn't in new york. Will definitely come back next time I'm in the city.I came here for a girl's night out & this place was the perfect fit for that kind of occassion. The ambiance was sexy and the tapas were delicious and portioned just right. A year later, and I am still thinking about those french onion dumplings...Jalapeño margarita. Check. French onion soup dumpling. Check. Ordering more than we knew we'd finish because we felt like it. Check. I would have gone 5 stars, but due to eating at a shift change, our second server left lots to be desired, otherwise a winner.This place is amazing. Great area and atmosphere is very trendy and food is just perfect. Portions are small but that's just a great excuse to orer more amazing dishes. Me, my mom and boyfriend shared the goat cheese peorogies, french onion dumpling soup, red snapper tacos, spicy lamb souvlakis, social mac and cheese, and kobe beef burger. Everything was SO good but the burger and souvlakis definitely had me craving for more the next day. and can't leave without trying the warm donuts for desert. this place is PERFECTIONThe ambiance was great - loved the rounded booths - makes it a little more fun. The food overall was good but I was disappointed in two of my dishes - especially the French Onion Soup Dumplings...it has to be an off day because I didn't find it that wonderful - I mean it's called a Soup Dumpling, when I bit a hole into the bottom of the dumpling, I expect soup oozing out, no....that didn't happen, instead I had chunks of onion...it seems that the soup was evaporated or got completely absorbed into the onion. Maybe that's suppose to happen but I was really disappointed. We also had this lamb dish that was a little too "lamby" for my taste. However, all of the rest of the dishes were delicious - loved the pierogies, banana pancakes, short ribs, fish tacos, huevo rancheros...One of the classier places in the lower east side. They have really good appetizers after a long night of drinking. I recommend their kobe siders, shrimp cocktail and foie gras. They also serve very good cocktails. Go to the second floor after 10pm, because the music is louder and more lively.everything here was really terrific. All the dishes tasted amazing and I couldn't complain at all. We had the strawberries wild drink which is pretty strong, the perogies, dumplings, chicken something, tacos, rolled meat something, bell pepper bruchetta, potato cheese thing, some more stuff I couldn't remember as my intoxication multiplied..and dessert. Keep in mind, this is a chicks restaurant. There are no men in here. But maybe thats just all of new york city these days. I would definitely like to come back for secondsA bit pricey but totally worth it for a special occasion.  The food is unique and almost everything on the menu is good.So fun. shared a dinner here with a group of eight. We ordered half the menu and everything was great. The one issue we had was quickly remedied by our awesome server and was taken off the bill.My favorite was the chicken and waffles and the thai spiced ribs. And of course the warm doughnuts for dessert were to die for.Had a great time at this place. Used opentable for a reservation and waited at the bar upstairs for about 20 mins to be seated. Great service overall. Enjoyed the decor: beautiful booths for groups, candlelight, and a white exposed brick wall. The food was phenom! My faves were the perogies, snapper tacos, and the arepas. Unfortunately, I left no room for dessert...but the table next to us ordered the doughnuts with dipping sauces and the dish looked amazing. Good drink menu as well. Try the jalapeno margarita!Ok so I went here because I am addicted to Food Network and French Onion Soup. When I saw the dumplings on the show I told myself that if I ever happen to go to NY I will go there and try them. To my luck my girlfriend and I planned a girls trip to NYC and off we went. We had the beef Carpacio which is always good. They put fried capers on theirs so that was different. The Mac n Cheese was good... Lots of flavors. Now for the dumplings.... They were good but not OMG good.... I am definitely coming back if I ever make it to the city again. Very sexy vibe I love the ambiance. The only issue is the size of the place. It's small and cramped I felt like I was invading other peoples dates lol. Overall a great place I "Heart" NY.The cocktails were delicious! I was more impressed by the cocktails than the food. The food was good, really enjoyed the red snapper tacos!No matter how many times I go- I always have fun- the food is always good- love the french onion soup dumplings- love the kobe beef sliders- love all the small plates. Service is always descent.  Music can be funky early but tends to get better.  Always tip the girls good and somehow a loung table opens up faster than you expect.  Love the hot chocolate bourbon shots-  If you get one thing only there- get the warm doughnuts with the dipping sauce. I think I am going to start going there just for that!!! GOOD TIMES..My friend loves the food network channel so we HAD to check this place out! LoL It was good!!! They had really neat drinks on their menu and the french onion dumpling things were GOOD- cheese could have been more goooie but overall good ambiance and service.Beautiful restaurant, dim lighting, not too loud to hear your conversations, fun crowd. The goat cheese pierogies honestly melted in my mouth, the tuna tartare was phenomenal and the red snapper tacos were a decent choice. Honestly, all of the plates I have had here are delicious, but very small. You really want to share 4 or 5 dishes amongst a table of 2. The cucumber vanilla martinis went down way too fast, they are superb. It's pricey here, but not ridiculously so, no more than you would expect for NYC. The service was quick and efficient. I recommend making a reservation in order to be seated immediately.Is this place overpriced? Yes. But is it worth it? I'd say so. I wouldn't go here on any regular basis but for a special occasion or if you just feel like going out to a fun, unique place...Stanton Social should definitely be in the running. The waiters are great at making recommendations. I find that my tastes are typically different than others, but the dish that everyone can agree on are the french onion soup dumplings. One of my favorite things I have ever eaten! Sometimes I order things that are not what I've expected so I've learned to value to the waiter's input. If they tell you something is better, it is. The drinks are also awesome! The only reason I'd consider giving this 4 stars over 5 is the pricing.Really enjoyed this spot. Great intimate atmosphere and awesome small bites. Huge fan of the Kobe sliders, like most people mentioned. I got the Red Snapper tacos and was a huge fan. Worth a visit! If you can, grab a seat at the lounge upstairs.This is one of the best places I had brunch and this is the second time I've had brunch! The first one was at Jane and the food was a bit heavy so I didn't like it much but this place, the food was perfect for me. I ordered the Social Mac & Cheese and Herb dusted frites and it was probably by far the best mac & cheese I've ever had! and the fries were probably by far the best I've ever had as well. I tried fries at pommes near saint mark (NY) and I always thought their fries were good but this is my #1 favorite now! Their red chili mayo sauce was pretty good, the fries taste good even without the sauce but I think if they made the same mango chutney sauce pommes does than it'd be the best combination. Anyway all in all the waitress was smart, she knew what she was doing and she explained the menu and wasn't slacking or had the shitty face like 'i don't like working here" face. Everything was great and I would so go back for another brunch! Highly recommend!First time I came here was years ago when this place was all the rage.  So my memories of the French Onion soup dumplings have stuck with me all this time.  I finally returned last week, and unfortunately was disappointed.  This time, the "famed" dishes felt like they came out of a factory, mass produced on an assembly line.  The wait staff seemed to recommend the same dishes to every table, almost like some type of tourist attraction.  The pierogis were forgettable.   The souvlaki was very tender but with the tzatziki sauce I felt like I was at some street vendor ordering fast food gyros.   Unfortunately this place is past it's prime.I saw this restaurant on the food networks show The best thing I ever ate! One of the things were their French onion soup dumplings so I decided to go for brunch one Sunday and had a great meal! The dumplings were just as great as they said it was on tv the meatballs and pizza were very good also! It was very crowded and you are seated on top of each other but the service is very good and the food makes up for the obnoxious seating arrangements!Our waitress recommended 8-10 dishes for our party of 4.  We weren't super hungry so we started with 5 plus we got desserts and that was sufficient.  We tried the French onion soup dumplings, shrimp and grits, mac & cheese, crab cake slider, and one other slider that was kind of like a philly cheese steak.  All were good but the mac & cheese was my favorite.  We ordered the milk and cookies and doughnuts for dessert, both were delicious.  Overall I would recommend, we enjoyed our dinner although we did feel like they were trying to turn our table pretty quickly.  Make reservations early if you want to eat here, you can book exactly one month out.  Atomsphere is fun and trendy although the downstairs is very cramped.The Stanton Social is the gem of the LES.  Great food, wonderful service, fantastic cocktails.  Love the family sharing style, gives you a chance to sample different plates and never leaves you envious of someone else's order.  Try the chicken and waffles - such a delicious surprise!  And make sure to leave room for the warm mini donuts - those alone are worth the trip.  Great for groups and easy to get reservations, and ask your server for their fav dishes - they've never steered me wrong!I don't think I can say anything bad about Stanton Social. We came here with a party of 4 for a friend's post birthday  celebration and we just winged when we ordered. If it sounded good we got it, I don't even remember what we had but I do not remember having a bad dish. The portions are small but the quality is not spared. If you like to check out a  swanky place in the LES, this is the place to check out. It is a little pricy if you have a big appetite but in the end you will leave a happy camper.My roommate purchased a Gilt deal for brunch here.  There were four of us and we got several small courses to share along with one cocktail each.  The donuts, Croque Monsieur satays, and the chicken and waffles were among the highlights.  Not sure I would ever come back though based on what I ate since there really was no wow factor to any of the food.Finally went for a friend's birthday! Must say, the upstairs lounge/bar is fun! Nice decor, festive, and apropos for the evening of celebrating a good friend. We did make it downstairs for the actual meal itself though - the top dishes for me were 1) the pierogies, 2) the French onion soup dumplings (Think these things are like opera, you either love or hate. And I loved!), and 3) the waffle part of the chicken and waffles (the chicken was sliced too thick in proportion to the waffles). The low's of the night included the drinks which were mediocre and also the noise level of the place. We were a party of 7 and I couldn't hear the conversation across the table at all. But I guess you don't go to the Social to have a deep insightful conversation. Will definitely come back with a smaller group at some point to squeeze into a booth.Great vibe, excellent for a group of friends with their intimate semi circle booths.  It's loud and lively with great LES people watching.  The food is decent: highlights are the fried artichoke bites, the goat cheese perogies, and the kobe beef sliders.Loved this restaurant! We followed recommendations in reviews when ordering, and all the food was excellent. Doughnuts were terrific, and the 90 proof milkshake was out of this world. The milkshake concept sounds weird, but just order it - you won't regret it! Waitstaff was competent, beautiful and friendly. The place had a very cool vibe. Highly recommend!I love this place. Yes, it's packed and very much of a scene ... but the food is amazing and it's a cool atmosphere. Ive been here for both brunch and dinner. SInce I went with a big group on both occassions Ive tried a good portion of the menu and I can honestly say, there wasnt a bad dish. Here are some of my favorites: French onion soup dumplings (everyone recommends this dish for a reason... unless you have an aversion to onions.. get it) Perogies (what is that sauce on the side?!?!?yum!) grilled cheese, kobe sliders. Like everyone says, the bill will add up quickly and you may not be full... so just keep in mind that you will need a lot of these delicious small plates to make a meal .. and that is not cheap. That being said, Im still a huge fan.The foods great, but if you go with a group be prepared to fork over some serious dough. The small plates are so small!! Highlights: soup dumplings, crab cake corn dog, chicken and waffles, red velvet twinkiePortions here was tiny. This was probably a smart business move as they want to push you to try more dishes. We ordered 4 different dishes and they were all pretty unique and tasted great. Drinks were tasty and strong but giving the price it damn better be!I really was not impressed with the french onion soup dumpling. I went on a self guided food tour and tried 16 eateries in 3 days tasting the best food each eateries had to offer and by far this was the most disappointing. I usually rate on food and not service, but to compensate for my food rating, the service was wonderful and the place is quite beautiful. I love french onion soup and I love dumplings (especially soup dumplings). I came in with high expectations, but unfortunately, the french onion soup dumpling was just not for me. It was too cheesy and salty with loads of onion and too little soup for my taste.I've been to Stanton Social a few times just this past year and it was great every time. The last visit was during a brunch for my anniversary and the staff made it incredibly exceptional for us. If you're looking for place for great tapas, this is the place to be.... The next place you'd want to visit is Santo's Beauty & Essex, which is also great.The Stanton Social is among one of the best tapas bars I've been too. The atmosphere, service, and food...all five stars! The braised short rib tacos were my favorite thing we ordered, along with the arebas. Such soft and tender meat, the spices were perfect. Potato and goat cheese pierogies are a must! We finished the dinner off with 90 proof milkshake shots, delicious!! I will definiently be going back soon!I have been to Stanton 3x and each time I love it even more. The food is really delicious! At first you think it's not going to fill your belly but you would be surprised how full you get...my faves are the goat cheese perogies, shrimp and cheddar grits, crab cake corn dogs and of course the onion soup dumplings. I've tried a lot on the menu but I'd be sure to get this every time...oh and the red snapper taco's and  the short rib....anyway you get the idea...must have for dessert are the 90 proof milkshakes!!!! WOW! Must go if you're a native New Yorker or if you want to entertain out of town guests...it's pricey...the bill for 5 of us was almost $400 including some drinks...anyway treat yourself!!Servers are great, seating is crammed (watch that elbow!), drinks are overpriced and overrated (I've had far better for far less in the neighborhood), but (some of) their tapas is pretty okay. But, if you love creme brulee, you can't afford to miss their take on that classic!We went to Stanton Social last week for a birthday dinner.  When I made the reservation, I requested a table downstairs but when we arrived we were seated upstairs next to a sweet 16 party.  The tables were very close to where the table had to be fully pulled out in the aisle for the person in the back to take their seat.  I think this is either part of the charm or annoyance.  Your pick.  We were told to order 5-6 small plates for two people, so we ordered five, which turned out to be way too much.    The dumplings and chicken/waffles were great.  The short rib tacos and spanikopita were so-so.  The popcorn shrimp was not good at all.  They also put two dishes on our table that we didn't order, which made me want to reconsider what I ordered since the meatballs and sliders looked very good.  Despite being full, we were told we had to order the donuts for dessert, which we did.  They were delicious as well.   Overall, it was a mixed bag and I think your experience depends where you are seated and what you order.  I agree with others in that the space looks much cooler in photos than in real life. It's super small and didn't feel very luxe upstairs.  I would also suggest ordering a couple of dishes and then re-evaluating additional orders as opposed to ordering five at once.  Once you see what other people are getting, it may influence your order!The food was excellent, but it was ruined by the absurdly loud music and the 35 minute wait for a reserved table.  We had an 8:30 pm reservation.  Arrived at 8:25 and we were seated - upstairs in a nightclub decibel room - at 9:05!  The host was dismissive. When we would ask how much longer we received a bored, "The table is being prepared."  For the full 40 minutes?! We could not hear one another speak and could not wait to get out.  On the other hand, the food was wonderful and I am sorry we will not go back because of the discomfort of enjoying it.  A shame.A solid dining experience to start off a 3 month jaunt in NYC. My husband and I had dinner at Chris Santos' famous small bites restaurant this past weekend. The ambiance has a cool vibe, dim lighting, but not overly trendy. Some may say the music is too loud, but I thought noise level was moderate for the feel they're going for.Service was on par, waitress was attentive, gave suggestions of staff favorites, and the food came at a nice pace. And speaking of the food, here is what we ordered:Thai noodle salad- hands down the best I've had. Small nuggets of lightly fried tofu, just the right amount of flat egg noodles, crunchy veggies added great texture and dressing was a blend of tang, sweetness, and saltiness. My favorite dish of the night.Chicken and waffles- While the chicken was done to perfection- white meat, very thick and juicy, lightly seared with a crispy skin (not battered and fried like most chicken and waffle dishes)- the waffles themselves were too dense for me. Also, I think the dish could have overall used a little more sweetness, perhaps more of the sauce.Snapper tacos- Good, not great. The snapper was blended in with avo crema, and even though the taco had a nice crunch, I though the snapper blend tasted quite "meaty" and filling. Shrimp and grits- if shrimp and grits are on the menu, you can bet your last dollar that I'm going to order it. I love shrimp and grits and try it if it pops up on the menu at any respectable looking restaurant. (The best I've had are still at Hattie's in Dallas, creamy grits, a wonderful tang from small dollops of goat cheese, raw green onions for some colors, and a semi smoky, spicy red sauce... But I digress.) This dish had a kick in it, and the portion of shrimp (6 large ones) was good. The grits had a polenta like texture and were a bit thick and dry for my taste. Curried cauliflower- Sorry, but very disappointing, especially compared to the rest of our dishes. Portion was tiny, cauliflower (white and green) were too al dente, and there was definitely the curry flavor, but nothing special. Side note- we arrived 20 mins early for our reservations but got seated promptly. Overall I give the food and dining experience 4 stars and it lived up to my expectations. And being Chris Santos' restaurant, my expectations were higher than usual. :)This is a great little lounge on the LES! Go upstairs and sit in the lounge. Much better vibe and more of a loungy feel to it. Chicken and Waffles, Shrimp and Grits, Crab Cake Corndogs,etc. The list goes on and on. The food is tremendous!This place is one of my absolute favorite places to go to dinner.. every chance i get i go here.. I've only been for dinner, but i hear brunch is pretty fab as well!  The staff is ok not the best or the worst. the drinks are strong and the food is amazing! i love the french onion soup dumplings along with the lobster pizza! they bring out the food in perfect time.. one dish just flows into the next.. one the downside theres always a wait even when you have a reservation!This place is so very cool. I loved it! They had a fabulous gluten free menu as well which made me very,very happy. The atmosphere is hip, loud and happening. It's a fabulous place for a Saturday night out with friends. Ill be going back with my girlfriends when they come in town to visit!!My 15th time here for sunday brunch and it just keps getting better. Service is great, food is absolutely delicious (I have tried everything form the donuts every single time, to the bennedicts, the waffles, panckaes, bruschetta, mac and cheese, onion soup dumplings, etc.) It does get very crowded and the tables are a little too close to each other. But I will keep returning for more!One of my new favorite restaurants in NYC! Tapas style, but very decently priced considering that it's 3 stars on Yelp. I will definitely come back!HIGHLY RECOMMEND(1) goat cheese pierogies with truffle creme - FAVORITE! must get. (2) lobster sliders(3) red snapper tacos NOT RECOMMEND(1) butternut squash raviolio - only three pieces, TOO sweet, very so-so.Although Wookie didn't get to partake in this culinary experience, he hears the food was fantastic.  Dad keeps raving about the goat cheese pierogies.  Cheese!  Count me in!  Apparently, they rushed Mom and Dad in and out, which sounds very annoying.  Portions need to be larger so Wookie can enjoy a doggy bag.  There weren't any left-overs for me....Here is the honest, unadulterated truth about Stanton Social.  I have, for several years (millenia in NY time), called this my favorite restaurant.  Out of the top 10 meals I've consumed in my life, at least two of them were at Stanton Social, maybe more.  Recently, Hubby and I were looking to take friends who are new to town out for an amazing meal, and it was a given that we would go to Stanton Social.  In years past, we would normally go relatively early after work (6:30, 7:00pm).  Seated easily (although usually still needing a res), served masterfully, amazing food, amazing drinks, amazing atmosphere, ten out of five stars!  (The food really is the best anywhere.)  However, our friends being European, and me having earlier plans, we made our res this time for 8:30pm on a Thursday.  Holy hell.  Now I see why a lot of people have rated SS poorly.  Waiting, waiting waiting, waiting.  I could have died of embarrassment for how long we had to wait.  The food was still, of course, perfect, but the music was so loud that we couldn't hear each other at all.  I woke up the next day like a club kid with no voice.  The music was actually fantastic, I just wish it was played at half the volume.  Our waiter was fairly attentive with drinks and the food came at good pace, but I have to say, this experience really paled in comparison to the service we'd get at SS as part of the early-bird special crowd.  For tourists visiting NY - do go to SS.  Just do it before 8:00pm if you can (unless you want the club atmosphere, in which case, do go later).  It is by far the best value food in the city.  We left the other night at about $90 each and stuffed to the gills.  The true problem is trying not to order everything on the menu (which you will want to do), but if you did, it would assuredly all be amazing.Definitely a place to go with a group of girl friends. I went last year on a weekday evening. The food was creative and tasty and everyone loved it!every dish was ridiculously good... there is absolutely no reason for ANY place to have such great food AND great cocktails. And the staff was incredible. Sedrick [the manager] needed our table, so he bought us a round at the upstairs lounge bar, where we met Malory, the cheerful and friendly waitress.My fiance loves this place. I love this place. I'm glad she brought me here.Can't wait to go back for the Kobe slider.I've been wanting to come to this place for a while because of the rave reviews. I felt it was hyped up and the food was pretty mediocre. Service was really good and attentive. Came by to refill my water quite often. Then again it was 6pm, but still a huge crowd/filled restaurant. Music wasn't loud at all. I was able to carry on a conversation with my friends comfortably. Delivery of food could be a little faster. Came out to around $130 for 4 people. My friends and I ordered:-the "highly recommended" French Onion Soup Dumplings - not worth the hype. tasted strange. -Bistro Salad - grape tomatoes were very fresh and sweet. -Red Snapper Tacos- had no depth. no better than any taco joint. -Grilled Apple and Brie Quesadilla- the worst dish. mushy with no balance of flavors.tasted like a really sweet, mushy cheese quesadilla. -Spicy Lamb Souvlaki- it was moist. that's it. -Kobe Beef slider- cooked well. it won't blow your socks off. it was ok. the side of vinegar and salt chips were pretty good and helped bring the dish together. -Lobster Roll-Arroz con Pollo - not great. wouldn't recommend it. -Calamari - the only dish that we liked. so we ordered another towards the end. the tangy mayo dip that comes with it tasted really good. Overall, most of the dishes were unmemorable. Nothing really stood out. Maybe we ordered the wrong things, but with all those misses I don't think we'll be coming back. I recommend the Calamari.Been to a lot of restaurants and this is a place, which I will definitely go back to. Good scene, lots of energy, not romantic. Good drinks and amazing food. Service was ok. Not on top of you. A must go.Cute and chic! Some of the portions were microscopic, yet memorable. There were a few of the dishes prices, such as sliders in which one would think that 2 or 3 would be in an order but then it would arrive with only one,for $5. I can also guarantee you a 10-20 minute wait, even with a reservation. Otherwise, the food was tasty and the clientele was trendy. I'm sure I'll be back! It's worth a try~We walked in here expected a good meal, we got a fantastic one!It's located in a nice little neighborhood and easy to find.  A reservation is a must and be prepared for a bit of a squeeze.  The place is fairly small, but not claustrophobic.  We were seated immediately and ordered the drinks.  Drinks here are very strong, but great for a meal like this.  The dishes come in small portions.  Expect to get 5-7, at the minimum.  The sliders are fantastic, small, but packed full of delicious flavor.  The two pizza's were fantastic, everything was great.  I guarantee that there will be very few things you'll like.  We had a gracious and colorful waiter who helped us through the we want everything on the menu process and did his job well. Everyone else was friendly too.  The highlight is the doughnuts.  Simple, yet rich with sugar and those dipping sauces...I can't even...just get them, they are simply put, perfect. The atmosphere was a very relaxed one, we felt comfortable there and even though we were close to others, it didn't impact the dinner.  The music was great too, if you get there early you'll hear most of it, but when more people come, expect to hear it a lot less.  The price of the meal adds up of course when you by that many, but you know something, for a special occasion, it's absolutely worth.  So for a great relaxed dinner, check this place out, you won't be disappointed.Fantastic Brunch spot.  Excellent service & the portion size/flow of the food was great for our group.  Excellent 'Chicken n' Waffles', Red Snapper Tacos and fresh warm doughnuts!  Other fan favorites for us were the Grilled Pizzetta & the Armando's Huevos Rancheros Soft Tacos.  Really nice atmosphere - highly recommend!One of the best meals I've had.  Everything was fantastic.  My favs were the Croque Monsieur bites, the French onion bites, and the kobe slides were absolutely fantastic.Party of 4 and everyone walked away happy & full, but not stuffed. We had total of 9 different dishes sized for 4 people. Please be aware that if the waiter asks if he/she should make the plates for 4 there is an additional charge. Not a complaint just caught some people by surprise when the bill came. :) :) :) 1. French Onion Soup Dumplings - Good but not great. 2. Barbeque Duck Con-fit & Black Bean Empanadas smoked tomato & blood orange jam - Loved 3. Spicy Lamb Souvlakis - tzatziki, lime & harissa aioli - Very Good 4, Wild Mushroom Risotto Cakes dusting of parmigiano & crispy mushroom chips - Not bad for vegetarian 5. Kobe Beef Burger - Awesome 6. Chicken n' Waffles - this is the one dish that needs help - BLAND! 7. Creekstone Farms Braised Short Rib Soft Tacos cherry tomato relish & poblano crema - Almost great Dessert: 8. The Chocolate Tasting - Liked some & Loved some! 9. Warm Doughnuts - Worth every calorie and gram of fat. Simple but delicious. Service was good. Dishes were evenly paced. They didn't rush us even thought the restaurant was packed.French Onion dumplings. And the chocolate taster - do it!I love this place!  It's a go to for a fun dinner with friends. The waitstaff was very patient and helpful.  They made many recommendations and listened to things we had enjoyed in the past. The food is delicious but small tapas portions.  Would definitely recommend!Delicious food, good atmosphere and semi- good staff. Overall a good experience. The french onion soup dumplings and perogies are a must. Beef want so good, salmon skewers were delicious.Far and away my favorite brunch place in the city.  After my first visit, I went again a week later and again two weeks after that.  Great place to take out-of-town guests for an impressive, memorable experience they won't be able to replicate elsewhere.  It's hard to go wrong on the menu--the items range from the unforgettable to the very, very good--but for my money you can't pass up the Warm Doughnuts with Caramel Sauce, which arrive hot and fluffy and are an instant crowd-pleaser, the Red Snapper Tacos, which are light and have a delightful crunch, the Kobe Philly Slider with Truffle and Goat Cheese Fondue, which is exactly as rich and luxuriant as it sounds, and the Spicy Lobster Benedict, a decadent twist on a brunch classic.  Ordering can be tricky and it's easy to spend more here than you plan to, but the staff is friendly, if a bit overwhelmed, and happy to explain how tapas ordering works.  (For instance, an order of sliders is ONE slider).  The small portions are plated adorably and the food arrives in waves which gives the meal a lovely, relaxed pace.  Just as you're done ooh-ing and aah-ing over one dish, another arrives and the ooh-ing and aah-ing can begin all over again.  And the tapas style is perfect for dates or other social occasions.  Since everyone's having the same thing, you all instantly have something in common to talk about.   And talk about it you will.Can't recommend it highly enough.  Go.We were overall pleased with the food and service, but were underwhelmed by the French Onion Dumplings which was recommended to us by Alex Guarnescelli on The Best Thing I Ever Ate.  The dumplings weren't horrible, they just were a little dry and not succulent, and there was too much Gruyiere on top for my taste.  The Baby Spinach Salad was OUTSTANDING--baby spinach tossed with crushed pecans, succulent roasted corn, with dusting of smoked goat cheese.  5 stars!The other dish I would wholeheartedly recommend was the Wasabi Pea Salmon dish--the pesto pasta was a little too oily, but the salmon was unbelevable--crusted on the outside and soft and juicy inside.  For dessert, get a couple scoops of the chocolate ice cream with the thai chili powder.  Phenomenal.  The service was perfect, the house music a little annoying.This is by and far my favorite restaurant in Manhattan. Tapas style dining, this place has it all. The Potato and Goat Cheese Pierogies  w/ Creme Fraiche is the best plate on the menu. But all the other contenders don't run very far behind. Make sure you get the french onion soup dumplings, bruschetta, and butternut squash raviolis as well. The atmosphere is very chic and modern and quite loud any night of the week. They also have a fantastic brunch menu! GO here asap.This is definitely one of those places that's hard to rate on a one-dimensional scale.  So you can kinda ignore the 4-star rating, as the devil's in the details.This is a late-night hangout place, and so as people go out to just be out and have fun, this is one of those places where you can't help BUT to have fun.  There's a lot of positive energy, and so as far as that goes, it's a 5.  It also serves food until relatively late, which is also a major plus.The food itself varies.  I'm more of an entree person, but sometimes the tapas-style works for me, and you do get to try out a bunch of things.  Lots of great vegetarian options too, when I'm in that mood.  Flavors and presentation, again, are 4.5 stars.Still, because it gets so packed, there's a lot of nonsense sometimes just getting a table.  I had a res and was there on time, but still had to wait over 20 minutes.  Meanwhile, there were a bunch of tables that were empty.  Seemed a bit inefficient.If you ever know you'll be down on the LES, then I strongly advise making a reservation, rather than showing up there trying to get a table.  Lots of tables, but lots more demand.  Prices are fair for what you get, and lots of variety.  My real rating is a 4.5, but Yelp doesn't do half-stars.  Apple and Brie Quesadilla is amazing.  Homemade doughnuts will make you wonder how Dunkin Doughnuts stays in business.I went here last night with 2 others before heading to the Bowery Ballroom. This place is great! First off, such a trendy spot. The decor is awesome. Exposed brick, dim lighting...very cool. I like the small plate idea. You can keep ordering small apps according to how hungry you are. We were three people and had 8 different plates in all which was the perfect amount of food! Loved the fish tacos, the potato/goat cheese pierogies and the Nori tuna roll. Really everything we tasted was great. Their cocktails are NYC priced at $13/drink. Not shocking since it is NYC but they are very good. Plenty of liquor in them. The Manhattan Sidecar was great!! I would recommend this place for a friends night out, a stop before going to another venue or a date! Great spot!After several recommendations and drooling over pictures online, I went with a friend here on what we expected to be a chill Wednesday night. Wrong. Thank goodness we made a reservation for 7, because by 7:15, it already had a crowded feel. First of all, the tables are way too closely packed together, and I was given about six inches of space to get to my seat. Then our table was tilted, and all our dishes kept sliding down to my friend. The night started out with jazzy music but somehow and soon it transitioned into more clubby-music, making it so that we had to shout and strain to hear each other, given that the next party sat about a foot away from us. I'd have to say that my biggest problem is with the terrible ambience.But with that out of the way, the food was pretty good. I think the french onion soup dumplings are overhyped, because (1) they smell gross, (2) the cheese is too hard, and (3) they're not so much soup dumplings as vesicles for caramelized and therefore soggy onions. Red snapper tacos weren't that impressive either. On the other hand, the tuna tartare rolls were amazing! I didn't know what to expect but I expected wrong and was delighted - it's raw tuna wrapped with a puff pastry-like dough, and flavored/seasoned/done whatever to to make it delicious! Def get the chicken arepas too. They're about 1/10th of the size of the arepas you'll get at Caracas Arepa because they're small (read: lilliputian) plates and look nothing alike, but they are delicious and you should get them and actually smell like good food.tl;dr - Decently good food, good flavors & way too loud and crowded.My husband & I had brunch at Stanton Social in October and it was delicious. Each dish is a small sharable portion and our waitress recommended 5-6 dishes for us to share. We opted for the brie, apple & bacon quesadilla (my favorite), short ribs with corn salsa (his favorite), chicken and apple sausage, ricotta fritters and pumpkin muffins. Everything we had was wonderful. Our food came out of the kitchen quickly - sometimes too quickly as we were not done with the previous dish yet. The tables are tiny and a little too close to other tables, so there wasn't much room for multiple plates. But, aside from that and the really dark lighting, we had a great time and will definitely be back.I like this place but nothing really stood out to put it over the top. Great people and drinks and a nice atmosphere for hanging out. I didn't try the food but it looked like people were enjoying themselves at the tables. Next time I'm in NYC I might stop in a try it, but definitely not a bad spot to start the evening off at.Awesome! Boom! That's all I could say bout this place! Bam!Good all American menu with something for eveyone. I went with three people and we could all find something we liked. But who are we kidding we went here to see and be seen and this was definitely the place for that. Great people watching! If thats what you are looking for...this is your spot. There are also some great bars around to grab a nightcapVery good food. Very reasonably priced. Good atmosphere.Had a dinner reservation at 6pm and was seated at a comfy table. We were served by a welcoming waitress. She explained the menu to us. I felt very comforting until they changed our server and gave us a waiter who doesn't show any facial expression. It made me don't even want to stay for dessert. So we ordered the red snapper taco, Kobe sliders, Philly sliders, soup dumpling, beef Wellington. The meals comes in small portion to share. Everything tasted delicious. I would say I will go ahead and order another one of those Philly sliders, the fat incorporate in the beef is so juicy. The dumplings was okay, not a huge fan of onions with cheese.Afterwards we decided to order dessert. We ordered the Twinkie and the milkshake shots. The milkshake tasted different, basically alcohol mixed with ice cream. I will pass on the Twinkie. I will recommend this place to people who likes small portion and wants to try a bit of everything.Totally love this place. Went with a 2 friends and everything we ordered was delicious, Of course because they serve micro sized tapas you have to order quite  a bit to be satisfied but you will be satisfied.  The French Onion Soup Dumplings and Pierogies are a MUST!! The Red Velvet twinkies are so cute and sweet and a pure delight to eat.  The ambience is nice,  and the drinks are ok.  Overall this is a fun place that is good for a girls night out.Fabulous! The beignets are a must try.One star off simply because this place is too damn popular and it takes alot of work to get last minute reservations :(. The Stanton Social gives me this adrenaline rush whenever I'm successful in snatching a reservation for 4 on Friday on a Wednesday. Sort of like I won the lottery. Anyway, I love everything about this place. The tapas are delicious. I am absolutely in love with their goat cheese pierogies and our table always end up ordering extra after we gobble down the first round. The one thing I actually dislike from the menu would be their famous french onion soup dumplings, but hey guys, that's just one me out of the rest that rave about it. Yes, their drinks are pricey, but that should be a given considering the scene they cater to, so I don't quite understand the complaints (i mean.. the drinks are delish as well.). No one has ever been rude to me either at this establishment as some people have said. Definitely my favorite spot in the LES.Tiny portions that are expensive. Don't be surprised if you spend close to $100 for 2 people (with drinks) and still feel a little hungry. They pass off tap water as bottled water= dishonest and just wrong. Also, alot of little wrongs, fries too salty, aspagarus had no salt etc etc. Too many good restaurants in NYC to come back here. I would keep looking.This place is delicious! Went for brunch with my friends on a Saturday morning.. It had a good amount of people inside and the service was pretty good. We split a couple of tapas and has at least two mimosas each. The food is great and all but you will spend a pretty little penny here with friends! Worth it though!The food here is fantastic. I highly recommend the thai spiced ribs, french onion dumplings, and brie quesadilla. Food quality and taste is top notch, along with the services.However I spent 120 bucks between 2 people and left hungry. This would be 5 stars if that was not the case. Plates are around 10-15 bucks each and are very small.I have been to Stanton Social before, and decided to come back again...I was craving the French Onion Soup Dumplings!I have to say that I left disappointed...and way too quickly for a date night.  We arrived, and were told rather firmly to go upstairs to get a drink (nice $$-making tactic), and the hostess did not even let us know how long our table would take.  We go upstairs and the bartendress is not so friendly.  (Minus 1 star) After 30 minutes of canoodling over drinks, the hostess walks up to us and says "Who are you again?"  We are excited because we are hungry, tell her our name, and she goes, "Oh" and walks away... :( (Minus another star)Finally, we are sent downstairs.  We were seated next to a very awkward first date where the guy looked like he wanted to eat his date alive.  Very amusing.  Our waitress was the one highlight - very sweet and not too pushy about anything.  While sitting at the table after ordering, I looked around and asked myself why I would have ever wanted to come here.  It is SO trendy, so early-2000's, and just overdone already.Our food was okay.  Sashimi had good flavor but was predictable.  Snapper tacos tasted like fishy dog food.  Artichoke fritters were great...I think I tasted hints of mint which made them taste lighter despite being fried.  Soup Dumplings were delicious but burned the roof of my mouth.  Kobe philly was good, but they definitely use some cheap truffle substitute, and lastly, the chicken and waffles were great, however the damn bus boy swooped in and took the plate away without asking if we were finished...Well, we weren't!  (Minus a third star)The whole experience was rushed and not intimate as I like my dining experiences to be.  I found the service (other than our waitress) to be abrupt, pretentious and also rushed.  Fool me once, shame on you.  Fool me twice, shame on me.  Fool me three times - well, there will definitely not be a third time...Avoid unless you are part of a bachelorette party. There are no men in this restaurant.Absolutely loved this place. I was taken here by a local who said its a must try and that it is. A little pricey but so worth it. Great atmosphere and great food!The food was delicious and inventive. Definitely try the goat cheese perogies, french onion soup dumplings, and salmon. However, the service was HORRIBLE. We were a party of six out on Saturday night to celebrate a friend's birthday. We were seated 20 minutes after our reservation time. The menu warns that the dishes come out in quick succession, which is nice when ordering small plates to share, however they were piling up our plates as fast as they could and then gave us a TIME LIMIT as to when we had to be done and out of our table (this was right after we all ordered our second cocktail).The atmosphere was hip and crowded (maybe to the point of claustrophobic) and my back was constantly bumped into by waiters and other customers.Our second round of drinks were brought to the table with the check and we were "invited" to finish up our drinks in the upstairs lounge....rude.I'm giving it 3-stars based on the quality of its food alone.Love this place, just about my favorite place to eat.  Onion soup dumplings are the most amazing things ever.  Beauty and Essex will be my next stop !You have to get the right table, but this place is great.  French onion soup dumplings are amazing.The new trend in LES: pricey and snobbish restaurants ! We were lured by the design interior so made a reservation to eat there the following week. When we came there (on time) we had to wait more than 1 hour (and we were not the only ones in this situation).... after 1 hour or so, we were proposed a small table by the door... hello ?Did the manager apologize? I don't remember.Finally we got a decent table, the night club music made it impossible to talk. so we had to focus on the food:tapas style, looks not to expensive when you look at the menu but it turns out that you need to take at least 4 dishes + desert if you don't want to be hungry (angry) when you get out..so it is at least $60 pp without drinks excluding tax and tips. The food is not bad, but nothing special.So I guess there are plenty of other restaurants where I will spend a better time for a much better price !Came here for brunch with a girlfriend. I first heard about this place from Best Thing I Ever Ate when they reviewed the French Onion Soup Dumplings. The food was great! We had the Baby Benedict, Lobster Benedict and the French Onion Soup Dumplings. We also had the cranberry margarita special which was AWESOME. We clinked glasses, took a sip and it was pretty much straight up tequila, yum!! When you're paying that much money for a drink, you bet your bottom dollar there should be muy alcohol in it. Bonus points on that one!Everything was delicious but both Benedict's were tiny. Now I know this is a tapas type of place, but they were seriously one bite each. I asked our waiter for some toast to mop up all of the goodness from the eggs and hollandaise, but he said that the chef could not make that happen. Who doesn't have bread? I would have given this place 5 stars, but that "too cool" attitude isn't for me. I would definitely come here again though!Five of us decided to have an early dinner. The restaurant is not easy to find with only lettering on the window in a row of other stores and apartments. As with all Tapas restaurants, the cost can get out of hand fast. The majority of the selections were prepared very well. Before ordering, ask how many slices/pieces/portions are served with a normal order. Usually it is 3 or 4. If there are more people than that, the wait staff orders accordingly and the price is proportioned automatically. Overall, I would recommend it as a fun place for a group, not less than 4 people.Amazing!!!!!The Stanton Social is one of my favorite places to eat in NYC. I love the upstairs cocktail bar - which is a great place to grab a drink before dinner. The French Onion Soup Dumplings are fun and great for sharing, vegetables are always fresh and perfectly cooked and the seafood offerings are all wonderful. Atmosphere is really chic, but still fun. Highly recommend.This food is best in New York! Everything from your entrance to the timely efficiency of getting the bill is top notch. Love the environment and the friendly waitstaff that never leaves you wanting. Each dish comes in and out smoothly and efficiently to give you an amazing experience where you barely notice the incredible service and food.French onion soup dumplings!  Nothing else to say.."Honey, they shrunk my food!!"--my first thought when the teeny appetizers were served.  My second thought, "Hey waiter, you forgot a magnifying glass with my table setting".  The tapas are nibble-sized rather than bite-sized--great if you are an ant or a waif trying to maintain a size 00 waistline which I am neither.  For our party of 4 girls, to stay satiated we ordered twice as many appetizers.  Our bill tallied up to around $80.  I am not opposed to splurge for a great dining experience, but absolutely hate feeling cheated as I did here.  The appetizers were okay, but no wow factor. The red snapper tacos were tasty but overall didn't leave a lasting impression. The piquillo pepper bruschetta was average, barely memorable.  The potato & goat cheese pierogies had too much goat cheese.   The biggest disappointment of the group was the french onion soup dumplings which were too doughy with barely any soup.  Service is as pretentiousness as the food.  For my next visit to the Lower East Side, I'll make sure to skip The Stanton Social.damn, i wanted to like the stanton social. it's been proclaimed "amazing" and "moan-worthy" by some of my favorite and most trusted yelpers, and the low-lit, sophisticated, and sexy atmosphere is so my scene. but like freebird, the da vinci code, and glee before it, this overrated trend just doesn't live up to the hype.i came to new york with plans for a fabulous ladies night at TSS, but the food was decisively not worth the money and lacking in the flavor department. the pineapple martini and grapefruit-mint martini were perfect, a definite recommend, and i did enjoy a few of the dishes. the chipotle shrimp was the best for sure; the feta-tomatillo combo was totally fresh and tasty, and the sweet shrimp were huge and perfectly cooked. the chicken and waffle was pretty good; great flavor on the chicken, but the waffle was burnt. and i loved the mustard-maple combo on the apple and brie quesadilla; really inventive and delicious.but sadly, the dishes that were the most memorable were the least enjoyable. the creamy pierogies have a fun surprise in their addition of goat cheese, but the truffle creme fraiche was not good. at all. and i did not care for the watermelon-ginger martini, which tasted like gnawing on a ginger root soaked in brandy. but the crabcake "corn dog" was the dish that left me the most unsatisfied. instead of the cylinder of lump crabmeat surrounded by a thin crust of blue cornmeal i had expected, i received what was essentially a fishy-tasting hush puppy on a stick. there was no crab to speak of, and the best thing i can say is that the dipping sauce was mildly tasty. the desserts were equally meh; the red velvet twinkie with its not-quite-tangy-enough cream cheese filling, and the blackberry-mango empanada with little to no mango and an extremely dry crust. the food is well-plated and imaginative, that's for sure. but i hardly think that creativity presentation at the sake of flavor is a good business plan for a restaurant.i visit new york pretty frequently, to see many of my east coast friends who have migrated to the big apple; and had lots of them drooling over the idea of red velvet twinkies. but i suppose that's what happens to things that get super trendy and hyped up; the reality rarely comes close to the legend.This is one of the trendiest restaurants I have been to in the city. It is a "family style" restaurant, where you order several dishes to share amongst everyone. For some dishes, such as the sliders, they give you the sliders based on the number of people you have. I came here for my friend's 21st birthday party, and the restaurant was VERY strict on the number of people he could have for reservation. Only 10 people were allowed to be seated and an additional person would cost more money to seat. He also had to pay money to reserve a seat for 10 people, which was ridiculous. We wanted to bring a cake for his birthday but there was ANOTHER surchage if we wanted to do that. Basically, this place charges you for whatever they can. Pretty annoying. We had a good time here though, being the obnoxious group and ordering ample amount of beers, wines, and cocktails. We also ordered several of the small dishes, including the chicken and waffles (these were sub-par), the sliders (yummy, minus the pickles which I hate), and some others. The drinks were what really racked up the bill. Each person paid $75 (10 people so $750 after tips and taxes) which was RIDICULOUS! I am pretty sure that they added a bunch of random charges we didn't know about since the receipt was probably really long. I would not come here again, just because of the rude service, the sub-par food, and the price. Despite it being a hotspot, once is enough.Amazing french onion dumplings!!! And love the strawberry cocktail! Beautiful atmosphere and a great date night place... Love the service very attentive.  Can not wait to have an opportunity to go back:)if the world wasn't so large***3.5 stars***the Stanton Social sounds posh because it is posh, but remains "hip" for the lovely LES neighborhood at least.  the perfect place to share your food with a group of friends, so you can enjoy small bites of everything!me and 2 gfs went here for brunch on a sunday afternoon and were seated at the second floor.  brighter than the main floor but less empty and noise.  amongst 3, we shared lobster eggs benedict, french onion soup dumplings, kobe mini sliders, red snapper tacos & raspberry beignets filled with ricotta cheese.  it was more than enough food for the 3 of us... and we got the best of all worlds, something sweet, savory, seafood & meat.  as everybody has ranted and raved about, the french onion soup dumplings are amazing. hearty, packed with lots of cheese and onions, this was my clear favorite. they come warmed up individually in the ceramic bowls with a toothpick stem and are piping hot, so be careful.  second favorite dish is the lobster eggs benedict.  fresh greens, light on the hollandaise sauce and plenty of lobster meat (though not nearly generous enough, but was proportional to the eggs).  the kobe sliders were good, but nothing spectacular.  i generally do not like sliders because i like my burgers medium rare and it's always on the well done side because of the less than fist portion.  it's more like a meatball than a beef patty. we had about 5 dishes and i think that was more than enough food for 3.  they will recommend 2-3 dishes per person, but I think it really depends on what you order, so always under order and you can always add more to the table.  brunch was so so good, I am inclined to come back for dinner!oh dear. Let me start by saying that I only review if somewhere is stellar or very bad. This place falls into the second category. Started well with a friendly cocktail bar dude upstairs, but quickly descended to the depths of rudeness and astonishingly poor service. After much (obnoxious) questioning about the size of our group, we were seated in a cramped booth, probably to teach us a lesson for not being grateful for the chance to eat in such a decorated venue. Well, it was once famous for being a first mover in the area, but sadly the place has clearly fallen from grace. You should know that this isn't sour grapes. Credit where credit is due... the food and those who prepared it, deserves honest praise. Well thought out dishes that looked and tasted superb. But the service, oh the service... This server (and it felt like he was indicative opf the venue's whole attitude) was one of those "I'll clear the plates from those who've finished, and then hover over the rest of you to intimidate you into finishing your last bite" kind of guys. Even after we raised this with him, he insisted on continuing to harry us and be incredibly rude (huffing and puffing audibly).Turns out he just wanted us to pay before his shift ended, which is annoying because all he had to do was say, so that we could tip him and carry on enjoying our meal under the more relaxed service of the next server.We eren't the only people to be disappointed and annoyed. I overheard someone else complaining to the manager...So, should you go. YES, if you like being treated like sh*t and eating at the speed of light. Or, NO, you should go to SakeMai which is just around the corner on Ludlow.This place gets 2 thumbs up for the decor/service and 1 1/2  for the food.  Loved the french onion soup dumplings, white bean dip w/crostini, and duck empanadas, but the curried pasta and hangar steak missed its mark.  I would go back just to try everything else on their extensive menu.Great for a cozy date night! Came here for my birthday. Would definitely recommend the tuna app, french onion soup dumplings, fish tacos, and the BEST was the philly cheesesteak sliders!!! Speghetti carbonara was just ok. Everything else was just delicious. Our wait was actually the highlight however. He was so informative, honest and helpful. Made ordering a breeze. Finished off with caramel popcorn mousse. Absolutely delish!!The front desk host on December 6th was the snootiest, most condescending host I have encountered (& that says a lot in NYC). Our party of 6 turned around and walked out. We doubt she noticed, she was too busy twirling her hair.Tapas. The food was all excellent. The service was less so. We were 5 , and the waitress suggested we order 8-10 items. We picked out 4 from the appetizer section with the idea we would choose the rest after we saw what came out. She suggested we make all of our choices immediately so the kitchen could properly time the deliveries. We did so. The deliveries were uneven. One came out immediately. At times, 3 came out together. Delivered last were the carpaccio (definitely on the appetizer side of the menu) and the asparagus.  Didn't feel like proper timing. Food was delivered by runners so we didn't see the waitress often. Table was cleared by busboys stacking dirty plates on the table before carting away. The food though, was excellent.The tapas are fresh, with wonderful, fresh ingredients.  The French onion soup DUMPLINGS lived up to their reputation.  The red snapper tacos are tiny, but tasty.  Loved the Haricot Verts.  A bit trendy, but the service is friendly.Four words rarely used in this exact combination: French Onion Soup Dumplings!Can anything be wrong in a world where truffle crème fraiche exists ? Only that the drinks were way too expensive for how little alcohol they seemed to contain and the service could have been much more attentive (we were there on Superbowl Sunday and they don't have a TV, so naturally the place was basically empty).Best brunch ever!  Seriously, I dream about brunch here!  The tapas style was a little confusing at first, but we had more than enough food and every item was perfect.  I wish they had outdoor seating because we tend to go to places in nice weather where we can sit outside, but I really just want to eat every brunch here.  I haven't tried dinner there yet, but I will be coming back soon!Pretty good food. Really liked the menu. There are many choices. I'd skip the edemame. There was to much sauce (not great sauce either)on them, making it messier than eating ribs. The ribs were great. Service was just ok.We came here on a Saturday night around 10p.m. and went upstairs to the bar area.  It was already crowded and we eventually found a spot at the bar as a small group was leaving.  Thank goodness for that because it became really, really crowded as the night went on.  The crowd at the bar area was mid to late 20s and decent looking.  The people eating at the tables upstairs were actually all pretty young.  They looked like NYU students eating out on Mommy and Daddy's dime.  Well, I guess this IS the LES after all.  My friend had a  Cucumber and ? Martini from the cocktail menu.  I tried it and it was delicious so I would definitely recommend it.  The bartenders were attentive and courteous.  My friend ended up losing her purse even though it was hooked underneath the bar right in front of her.  The manager was very helpful in looking for it and gave us his card so we could contact the place for more information.  It turns out someone took it by mistake and turned it over to a hotel in midtown where we picked it up.  My point in telling this story is, again, that the crowd might be a little on the young, drunk and irresponsible side so just be aware of that.  All in all, the ambience was trendy and I'd definitely come back for a drink sometime.should you go? yes. not knowing anything about stanton social, i was taken on a date  .it was cozy, romantic and the food is good too.  menu standouts include the chicken arapas, onion soup dumplings and the doughnuts for dessert (three different sauces:  caramel, chocolate and raspberry). definitely want to go back.one of those swanky pretentious place. very nice ambiance, food is actually great. i liked everything there. it was a pretty big group, so we ordered whole bunch of small dishes - all good. especially those small pizza stuff, and something with duck... what a useless review. anyway my point is... good food, fancy swanky place to hang out watching pretty people. upstairs was very nice too, but seating was way to uncomfy and those sexy waitresses!!!! they're stuck up bitches. totally mean and rude.Stanton Social is amazing. The drinks, the food. The service is quick and efficient and the whole experience is just crazy when you go with a big group and get a ton of things. I went with maybe six other people, and we got about twelve different things and we all got to try one or two of each. I would go here every day if I could afford it, and if this was my usual scene - it has a strong nightlife/club vibe (there is a bar/lounge upstairs, after all), which isn't my usual jam. If you're into that and you want awesome food, go to Stanton Social.this place is sexy, so make sure you got your sexy face on.  came on a weeknight and it was slammed.  got a drink upstairs and had a table ready downstairs in 10 min.  i've only had drinks here, and from what i remember it was a vodka martini and it was good.great atmosphere.  the scenery is very subdued and there are lots of sexy people in the building.  if i was a woman i would love this place, but i am a guy so i like it ok, i guess...Awesome tapas! The French onion soup dumplings were amazing!  Definitely recommend- one of my fav spotsfantastic tapas bar/restaurant. great vegetarian menu selection. the lounge upstairs is also nice, and the bartender up there makes a mean mojito!you'll need to reserve early as the place fills up. also, i don't think the place is good for very large parties (probably less than 8 is ideal).Excellent meal, and great drinks!I went with a friend on a day trip to NYC, and we had a great time.  It was a little out of the way (especially with the snow) but definitely worth it.  The dining area is sleek and the lighting is dim, and the jazz music went with the rest of the atmosphere very well.  The servers were very knowledgeable and gave good recommendations.We started with drinks - my friend got the Cranberry Flower (Hendrick's and muddled cranberries), which was beautifully presented though a bit heavy on the gin for my taste.  I had the Strawberry Fields (grey goose citron, strawberries, riesling "floater") which was really yummy and a great match for my sweet taste in drinks.  They also brought us a complimentary taste with ricotta/pumpkin on crostini - it was great!  (We didn't point out that two different waiters each brought us this, because we got to try it twice!)For our meal, we split several plates.   The baby spinach salad with goat cheese and spiced cashews was excellent - and we appreciated that (since my friend is a vegetarian) our server was kind enough to warn us that the smoked cheese would taste like bacon but did not actually have bacon in it.  Next was the Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogieswith caramelized onions & truffle creme fraiche...they were SO GOOD!  It was kind of crazy how much we loved them - light, crispy, flavorful, and the creme fraiche was the perfect dressing to add a little tartness - we were sad when the waiter came to take away the plate with a little bit of the creme fraiche left!  We also loved the grilled apple & brie quesadillas (without the bacon bits); they were rich and just slightly spicy with the mustard, but not oily at all.  The only thing we didn't love was the butternut squash and sweet potato ravioli - given how excellent the rest of the meal was, they were disappointing - they were cold and the slightly chunky texture was offputting; the garnish was also too bitter.  Oh well - 3 of 4 isn't bad!For dessert, we split the red velvet twinkie, the warm donuts, and the hot chocolate shot.  By far, the donuts were our favorites - warm, crusted in cinnamon sugar, and dipped in dark chocolate and caramel - amazing! The twinkie was inventive but nothing special; the hot chocolate shot was very yummy.Overall, definitely a hit - I would come back any time for a date or for girl's night.I should start off by saying that I heard so many great things about this place so my expectations were really high.  The ambience was great, the waiter was very accomodating, the hostess was a bit snooty!  Unfortunately, I wasn't feeling great and didn't end up eating anything however the cocktails looked fantastic and for the most part the food looked great.  I would definitely go back however there are some things (kobe sliders) that just don't seem worth it.  I do love the fact that it's all small plates and served with the intention of sharing.  You get to try so many more things that way!People had raved about this place so I made a reservation when a friend was coming to town.Firstly, the place was empty when we arrived even though I'd be told on the phone that I wouldn't get in without reserving - hmmm.  However, on reception we were made to feel very welcome and the decor is lovely.The food was very tasty - I especially recommend the spring rolls and kobe burgers (though one slider per serving is slightly silly) - and my Champagne Julep was delicious!  However, we were recommended to order between 5/6 plates, which was far too much (4 would have been plenty!) and meant there was no room for pudding.Finally, although our waitress was civil, she took far too long - especially for an empty restaurant - to take our order and seemed bothered when I prompted for the bill, which was large since it's a little pricey.I might go here again with a group of people but maybe only after a couple of drinks so the bad points didn't spoil the good.Has been great every time I've been there.  The only negative is that one time we sat upstairs in the bar area and we sat at this weird sideways facing table.  Other than that, the food was good - especially the dessert.  The perogies are great, though probably not as popular as some of their more famous options.This place was ok. The general feeling after leaving Friday night was it the food was good but not great and that I really feel no need to ever eat here again. I really liked the Piquillo Pepper and Goat Cheese Bruschetta, which was the best thing we has the entire meal and the grilled shrimp was pretty good. I thought the french onion soup dumplings were overrated. The idea is fun, but that's about it. The only other thing worth talking about in the meal was the chocolate tasting at the end, which was pretty awesome, Dulce de leche ice cream and frozen peppermint patties were a tasty end to a mostly forgettable meal.If I had written this review when I had sat down at the restaurant before I had eaten any food I would've given it 5 stars.  If I had written it half way through the meal, I would've given it 4 stars.  Sadly, once I finished my meal, I felt I had no choice but to give it 3 stars.  My husband and I arrived without a reservation on a very rainy night, the day after Christmas.  The place was packed, but we were seated promptly which was excellent.  Our server was very sweet, and much nicer than I expected at a place that seems very "cool".  She explained that we should order 2, maybe 3 items per person and that every thing is shared, except for the sliders and lobster rolls, as those come 1 to an order.  We ordered the lobster roll, mac and cheese, beet salad, and crab cake corn dogs.  All this plus a sprite came out to $60 with tip.  Maybe this only seems expensive to me?  I really, really, really wanted to fall in love with this place because the food was pretty good and the ambiance was stellar, but $12 for a roughly 3 oz portion of mac and cheese?  Or $7 for a tiny lobster roll? If you read my other reviews I am rarely one to complain about prices, and I wouldn't complain, except that I just feel that I should've gotten more for the amount I spent.  As a side note, there was a table of 6 next to me, and I could've sworn I heard the server tell them that they should order 2-3 things per person, but that each plate would have enough for everyone to try.  I don't know if the portions are a little bigger if there's more in your party, but be prepared to order at least 3 items per person.I don't even know how to begin! The food is absolutely delicious! Everything is served as small plates and each dish is so eclectic! I went with another friend and we wanted order everything off the menu. Thanks to my fellow yelpers, we started with the french onion soup dumplings! I didn't know what to expect, so it was quite a surprise. The dish was served on an escargot plate and the dumplings were made out onions and it was drizzled with melted cheese. It was delicious. Next we had the squid lettuce wraps. The squids were fresh and slightly flavored with a bit of kick. Then we had the lobster paella cakes! That was another creative dish I highly recommend! Spoonful of lobster paella were grilled into mini cakes and topped with a mussel. It looked and tasted great!! We then had the braised short rib tacos. Everything was served deconstructed, so you were able to make your own. I thought this dish was okay. Our last dish was the mini kobe beef burgers. Although they were delicious, tender and juicy, I wouldn't have known if they were real kobe beef or not. For dessert, we shared the apple em pandas and the coffee sampler. The apple em pandas were served with caramel dipping sauce. I definitely enjoyed the coffee trio better. It came with four different mini desserts. They were all heavenly. Overall, I would definitely come back to try all the other dishes... Can NYC get better than this!? I love it.I went to this bar/lounge to meet girlfriends for a drink n a Friday night and we had a great time. Ambiance is great, goos customer service. I had a lettuce wrap., cant remember that it had but it was delicious. Drinks were good. By 1030 pm it was packed!. Great night seen near cool stores.I'm reviewing for brunch- I haven't been here for dinner or the bar scene.  I thought it was delicious: I love the idea of brunch "tapas" because I always wish I could order multiple things and try a bite of each!  My companion and I ordered the strawberry-orange pop tarts, the warm donuts with caramel sauce (O.M.G.), the Kobe beef sliders, the sausage biscuit w/ gravy sliders, the goat cheese & potato pierogies, and the homestyle meatballs with ricotta.  Everything was delicious, although I was slightly disappointed with the Kobe sliders--they tasted heavily of salt, and the vinegary pickle really drowned out the buttery beef taste.  (Basically they could have used regular chuck and I wouldn't have known the difference.)  The biscuit on the sausage sliders was soft and sopped up the gravy nicely, and it was a nice surprise to have a smoked sausage link instead of the usual patty.  The drinks were a highlight: the cucumber-vanilla martini and the basil-lime gimlet were perfect.  I love the warm, wood-accented atmosphere, and I wanted to transplant the fabulous red bathroom into my apartment!My husband and I had one kids-free night and chose here to have our romantic dinner.  We had pretty late lunch so we didn't want to order too much at first. Food was brought to us in 5 mins, which you would think that was sign of good service.  Well, no! We ordered three dishes and they were brought out at once.  Of course it didn't take us too long to finish up.  Then our waitress came by asking us if we wanted any dessert.  Hello! we are still having our drink!  You can't ask customer to go straight to dessert while they are only here for 20 mins!  Then after 5 mins another waiter came by and tried to take away our plates. We told him that we were good for now but may order some more later.  But he seems more like okay you guys either to order now or leave.  Can't we just have some quiet moment to enjoy some drink?  I feel like they really want to rush ppl out of door if you are not ordering enough food.  Hey, it was just 6pm and so many tables were still empty! We went to Beauty and Essex before and enjoyed it much more than staton social.  Staton Social fell way under our expectation from different perspectives-  the decor, crowd and service.  Maybe it is the time to move onto somewhere more fun and welcoming. Never come back, Stanton!I was really looking forward to trying this place out.  I went with a group of friends for a birthday dinner.  The food wasn't bad but also not particularly worth the price.  Our group sat under the stairs in the back and right after we had paid the check a waiter dropped 10 wine glasses onto our table from the stairs above.  Luckily they were empty.  They all shattered and there was glass everywhere.  I was at least expecting a drink at the bar since we had already paid but no one apologized or offered.  All the waiter said was he needed the table.  Rude.  You should never come home from dinner and find glass in your purse.  I will not be returning.I went here for brunch. The pancakes aka crackcakes, are delicious! There's a perfect amount of caramel bits with a hint of banana. The brie cheese and grilled apple quesadilla with a hint of bacon is also very tasty. A little oily but still tasty! Yummm!the food is disgusting.  unless you're from murray hill.  or ohio.great menu with tons of choices!  i wanted to try so many more things than i was able to.  i visited stanton social with a friend for dinner- great ambiance, very cool place.  our service was also good - very prompt and good recommendations from our waiter.  we shared the chicken springrolls, zucchini fritters, shrimp skewers, and the spinach salad.  i wish we had the pierogies because now i heard how great they are!  we also had 2 delicious desserts - the donut holes are a must, and we also got the blueberry lime dessert.  great combination of blueberry cobbler and lime sorbetto.  i liked SS a lot and would definitely go back!!Given that great atmosphere, food, and drinks are the trifecta for a good night out, Stanton Social barely passes muster.   If darkness equates to a sexy vibe than Stanton Social is home to the barebacking-est power orgy the likes of which would make a Roman blush.  While there's candlelight at each table, they could afford to light another candle because it would be nice to be able to read the menu without having to bust out my Flashlight app.  The upside of the dim lighting is that you could get up to some shenanigans under the table without being seen or duck out of a bad blind date without having to look the other person in the eye.  A couple lumens of light would do wonders for enhancing patron visibility without taking away from the romantic vibe.  The restaurant is spread over two floors, with an open floor plan and dark, sleek furniture.  The space is coldly beautiful but the open floor plan and dim lighting are at odds with the vibe of the place; whereas the setting seems to be good for couples, the music and volume of patrons preclude any notions of romance.  Since the music's loud, the diners also have to be loud to be heard so it'd be great if the DJ could turn it down to something manageable.  We only had five people at our table but because of the music I couldn't talk to anyone who wasn't next to me without leaning over and screaming in their ear.  I think it would be great for a group, so long as its within the appropriate age group to not be put off by the decibel level and everyone is properly soused to not care.The service is thoughtful.  Our server explained that their tapas, though they're priced on the menu, the portions can be adjusted to accommodate your group so each person has a portion.  Our server also had great timing, coming back to clear the table and take our orders without us having to call him over.Food is OK but doesn't rock my world.  Out of the rounds of tapas we ordered, I had expected at least one dish to be crave-worthy, something so tasty that I'd have to lick my plate but alas no.  The famous French onion soup dumplings (kissing cousin to Chinese xiao long bao soup dumplings) are interesting because it's a fusion dish with a different vehicle for the soup (the dumplings set in an escargot dish) but with the familiar sweet onion, rich burgundy-infused beef broth, and cheese of classic French onion soup. The disappointing thing is that, well, its just gussied up French onion soup. I also think its better to serve these hot puppies in individual spoons so you can easily break the dumpling in the spoon and slurp up the contents; with the cheese coating the top of each pocket in the escargot dish, it's a challenge to keep your toothpick-poked dumpling intact while extricating it from the blanket of cheese.  My friends and I are from California so we abide by the rule of not eating Mexican food north of Santa Barbara or East of Texas but Kelly ordered the red snapper tacos and what a surprise, they were unexpectedly delicious!   I've had great seafood tacos and their red snapper tacos are up there with my faves - tasty, the fish was moist and not overdone, and the avocado and mango was a nice counterpoint.  Unfortunately there were no other standouts from the rest of our order (8 tapas plates, 1 dessert), which is really unfortunate because they've got some interesting combinations of textures and flavors on their menu that just don't live up to the description.  I do appreciate that their menu is reasonably priced, especially for what you would expect given that its New York and the decor just screams bougie.   The tapas menu also makes it easy to share with your table without getting too full.   I also appreciate that though their menu is fusion, is doesn't draw from just one type of cuisine but rather from many so there are opportunities to satisfy the tastes of everyone in your party; the caveat is that their menu lacks cohesiveness and can seem like a mishmash of different dishes.  Stanton Social suffers from trying to be all things to all people.   If they focused their efforts to augment their strengths and downplay their weaknesses, it could be a much better experience.  Technically I could do a 3 star on this joint but given that the expectations are so high when come on, this is New York so I expected better especially given that they've got so many 5 star reviews. I couldn't do any better with good conscience so I'm downgrading them to a 2.5 with the disclaimer to other diners to manage your expectations.Good food, nice atmosphere for a date although i just went with some friends. service was good, nothing too extravagant.Don't miss this exceptional spot!  Wonderful food and excellent service.  Great for those who love the "shared plate" dining experience.  From unique cocktails, to savory plates, to heavenly desserts -- highly recommend Stanton Social.One of my favorite tapas restaurant. It's a restaurant that I can always recommend my friends to go to. Great food and service.I chose this place for my 4th anniversary, and I could have chosen any place, because I'm rich as long as anyone else is treating. I made a reservation for 8 PM, so I must admit that I was a little disappointed when we were seated at the bar for an hour, waiting and drinking on empty stomachs. I gave the hostess a P.O.M.M. and expected retaliatory spit in my food, but I was drunk at that point on some spicy margarita concoctions, so what did I care? They gave us a free appetizer of French onion soup dumplings to make up for our wait, and they had me at "Here are some". The rest of the food was pretty good, and of course we ate too much. Then, they gave us a free dessert, it being our engagement. I really loved the hot chocolate, it was like soup. They really sent us on a roller coast ride there with the lows and highs of their customer service. In the end, all is forgiven. I would go back again, but next time as a girl's night outing.last night was our third time at stanton social, and it left me angry.  we had some family in from out of town and decided to take them there, knowing how much we had enjoyed it last time (food is fantastic and i love the decor/vibe).    well, my husband and i got there 10 minutes before our reservation, checked in and went up stairs for a drink.  our 3rd guest arrived just after 6, and the last guest arrived at 6:15.  by the time we closed our tab upstairs and got downstairs to check in with the hostess again, it was 6:20.  i am still shocked by what transpired next.  the hostess said to us "well, now it's almost 25 minutes past your reservation time, so I want to tell you that we need you to finish up by 8pm.  you should still have plenty of time to enjoy your meal, but we just wanted to let you know that we have more reservations coming in at 8."  i was mortified.  i have never in my life heard of such a thing. if we didn't have family with us, i probably would have just turned around and taken my business elsewhere.  even better?  when our waitress came by the first time, she said, "i know they told you they need the table back, so i just wanted to make sure you order in time to be able to enjoy your meal."  seriously.  so then every time she came by, we felt like she was pushing us out the door.  not cool.  now truth be told, no one likes to be on the other end of a situation - getting to a reservation on time, only to be waiting for the table before you to finish up.  but come on - as a restaurant you have to build in a contingency plan in case guests are late.  i'm giving them 2 stars b/c the food is darn good, but ICK that hostess/waitress experience left a terrible taste in my mouth that i just don't know if i can bring myself back there.but for what it's worth: my fav foods there:* french onion soup dumplings* potato & goat cheese pierogies* guinness chocolate cakeThe food is above average, its got a good vibe... I would find it tricky to come here if I was starving and wanted to be filled up.Was here last night with some friends and my family and we had a wonderful experience.  The idea of small shared plates is super fun because everyone can sample a lot of dishes and have fun picking out lots of dishes. However, ask about serving sizes first because some are single servings, some are only a few pieces, some a lot, and some might as well just be a single serving even though they are not. Be informed so that you can order accordingly.We did enjoy the constant flow of food as it kept it entertaining, exciting, food fresh and hot, and always a fun surprise for what's coming next.French onion soup dumplings were a hit around the table, but the highlights of the night seemed to be the kobe burgers as we got two rounds of them (moist, delicious, and so good against the kind of sweet brioche bun), the braised beef tacos, and herb dusted french fries (also got two rounds---you could tell that they had been fried twice correctly because they had the perfect combo of outer crunch with inside being soft and a nice golden color to them and they were served with right amount of seasoning and this chipotle or horseradish sauce and ketchup and they were steamy hot). The hits for dessert were the lemon bar and molasses cookie from the cookie platter and the mocha sundae. The other honorable mentions were the lobster roll, pierogies, chicken liver mousse, and pickles and for dessert the lemon bar (tangy, sweet, and creamy) and guiness cake. The only thing that seemed to get more jeers than cheers were the meatballs which while they were moist, were a bit bland. Also, the s'more cookie tasted more of bitter chocolate and the mallow mar cookie portion was a little stale.Mixed drinks were fabulous and we had plenty of variety.Service--friendly, on top of things, and entertaining. Prices--watch out, can add up quick when you need to add more, get more rounds, more dishes---but overall, not too bad.Overall, cannot wait to go back again and sample more food. Even with the all of the dishes we did get, we barely made a dent in the menu and it's not even that crazy long of a menu. But definitely fun to do with a group, especially a group with wide pallets.I really don't understand the glowing reviews of this place.  If you're judging it on its scene then, sure, I guess its alright.  Not really my kind of place but to each their own.  Judging it mostly as a restaurant as opposed to a place to see lots of pretty people--not so much.  Pros:  I'll start with the pros since there really weren't all that many.  Both the bartender we dealt with and our waitress were awesome.  Both were helpful and very nice.  The space is actually impressive.  I tend not to care too much about that (so long as the restaurant is clean) but if that matters to you then SS will work.  The desserts--red velvet  cake and the warm donuts were both quite good. In betweens: The food.  I am not going to bother listing and reviewing each item we ordered.  I'll just say this:  We ordered around 10 dishes.  Of those, the beef wellington, french onion soup dumplings and the beef carpaccio were excellent, everything else ranged from merely ok to not so good.  Given the cost (relative to the small--even for tapas--portions), I thought the food was a little underwhelming.  Not bad by any means but I certainly wouldn't go back for the food. Cons:  The wait despite having a 9:30 reservation.  We show up on time and check in.  Are told that there's a wait and we should grab drinks upstairs at the bar and someone will get us when our table is ready.  "Sure, but can you give us an idea of how long before we'll be seated?"  To which the unnecessarily smug host responds, "Sir, someone will come get you when the table is ready."   Let me translate that from prick to English:  I really have no idea when your table is going to be ready, we don't take reservation times one bit seriously now move the fuck along so I can condescend to the people waiting behind you."  We wound up waiting almost an hour for our table.  And we weren't the only ones.  I noticed people complaining to the host about their wait time and overheard a few people bitching about it at the bar.  Come on SS!  You're not a nightclub; you're not a lounge.  What the hell kind of restaurant routinely fails to sit people within a few minutes of their reservation times?  If the food had been amazing and offered something that I couldn't easily get elsewhere I'd say be prepared for an annoying wait even if you have a reservation but you'll be rewarded with a great meal for your patience.  But nope.  Food's ok.  You can do much better; especially in that neighborhood.I went with a group of 4 at around 9ish on a Saturday night which pretty much means we have no shot at getting a table for another two hours.  We somehow managed to convince the hostess upstairs to let us sit in the lounge area and order food until 10.  Boy am I glad she did!  First off, I was really diggin' the vibe of the place.  Good music, good looking crowd, great decor...I was feeling pretty good about this place.  The menu of  small plates were so diverse and creative that I was a bit skeptical.  They all turned out to be great.  I don't think I was disappointed with a single one!  My personal favorites were the French Onion Soup Dumplings, the Kobe Beef Sliders, Hanger Steak and the Tuna Tartare Roll.  I also enjoyed the Wild Plum and Brie Quesadilla, Crabcake Corn Dogs, and Wild Salmon.  We shared a bottle of my favorite Sauvignon Blanc from Marlborough, New Zealand.  We stayed til 10:30 and they didn't really hassle us for the table.  Instead they just brought a group of 8-10 models and sat them down in our booth with us.  I can't make this stuff up!  We didn't get to order dessert, but that looked phenomenal as well.  I'm definitely coming back to this place next time I'm in town.Well, it's a hot spot for sure. Packed at 8pm on a wed. We had a resv for 2 at 830 and seemed lucky to get seated by 915. The pair at the podium did a good job of ignoring our inquiring glares. The food was pretty good. Pricey but unique. The Wellington was great and the cauliflower amazing. Desserts were nothing to write home about. My big suggestion is to think about the pairings since if you order just anything like we did you get odd juxtapositions. Would I go again? Nah. Once was enough.This place was so much fun! Great music, great food (onion soup dumplings were amazeballs) and great vibe.This used to be one of my favorite places for brunch. The food isn't as good as it used to be (but still overpriced) & the new layout is really weird. The upstairs area is closed on slower days (I went for Saturday brunch) so there's nowhere to wait for the rest of your party. I stood awkwardly between the entrance & coat check, shuffling aside as people reached for their coats & cursing the wind every time people entered/left. What place doesn't have a waiting area/bar??Been there loads and they never disappoint. Love the sliders, meatballs, duck and pierogies:)Before I had even moved to New York, a famous actor friend from high school told me to meet him at the Stanton Social Club.  I was arranging an informal meeting, in order to introduce his TV series trailer to a college friend who helped manage the band Arcade Fire.  NBC wanted music rights, etc, etc, and I was advocating for my actor friend/being the "social hub" because i had taken poetry class in college with a member of Arcade Fire and loved/respected both of their artistic talents.  It felt all too New York, sitting in the banquettes, dim lighting overhead, my naive self soaking it all in.   Turns out, the hip indie band would only sell songs to the Gap's Project Red or  other charities, and so it didn't work out, but I am grateful that he introduced me to this fabulous restaurant!   Not only is the music/ambience fab, but I routinely come back here because the food is just so damned good!!!  I enjoy everything from the Kumamoto oysters to the French toast chicken.  Upstairs bar is great if you don't have a reservation.  Date or birthday party or friends coming to town, Stanton Social won't let you down. Saturday night can get crowded.OMG this place is soooooo good!went there a year ago, nothing memorable except the bad smell like pee-pee in the restaurant. we guess it's from the carpet. food and drink all so so, cheap ingredients, small portion, so so taste. tables are very close to each another and very crowded & very very noisy. really don't know why it could be so popular.I came with a group of friends without any expectations. None of us had tried the place before, and had no idea what to expect. The Sliders, French Onion Dumplings, Beef Wellington, and Pierogies were really good. Come in a group to taste a little bit of everything.This was such a great concept for eating out....we totally enjoyed it, though the bill was mighty, its not a regular thing as we dont live in NYC. There were 4 of us and we tried 8 items - though I think we could have skipped 1-2 and we had dessert. And cocktails and 2 bottles of wine. oy vey! our favorite item was the red snapper tacos, but the short rib tacos were also really good. Really, everything was tasty, just added up quick - total was $400! Service and atmosphere were good, the booth we sat in was not too comfy though. I'd give it a shot for a fun night out .lOh, the glory. An 11:30pm Dinner reservation on a Saturday night was the only one available two days in advance. We still had to wait thirty-five minutes to be seated (not thrilled) but it was definitely worth the wait. So after finally sitting down, we ordered a myriad of different dishes to share. Let me just start by what was most memorable. The quesadillas with brie, bacon and apples was delicious and so were the Kobe Sliders. The lobster rolls were pretty good but they reminded me of Nantucket...which felt kind of wrong considering I was in the Lower East Side and it was 30 degrees out. Anyway, the rest of the meal was delightful. For dessert we had the red velvet Twinkies and doughnuts, which were divine. I would also like to add the service was impeccable, which, as we know, is very important. I can't wait to go back, it truly was a great dining experience. I would like to advise that the plates are relatively small so be sure to order enough, you don't want to leave hungry - especially when you have access to such culinary greatness.Yeah, it's good.  Don't remember what I ate though, so...wasn't too memorable.We love this place!  We have been for brunch and for late-night drinks and dessert.  Stanton Social has yummy food and delicious, strong cocktails, with friendly service, every time.  Don't miss the French Onion Soup Dumplings, the Caramelized Banana Pancakes and the Warm Doughnuts with the trifecta of sauces (strawberry, chocolate and caramel).  For drinks, the Black Magic of Guinness and Champagne is fantastic and deadly. This is a great place for a party of friends and it also works very well for couples.Cool space, nice ambiance but the famous French onion soup dumplings make the whole place smell like feet.  Also very expensive.I LOVE Stanton Social. I've been here quite a few times and have never been disappointed. It's very chic and I love that there's a bar upstairs where you can get a drink while waiting for a table. Some of my favorite menu items are: French Onion Soup Dumplings, Yellowfin Tuna Sashimi, Nori Spiced Tuna Tartare Roll, Social Mac & Cheese, any of the sliders (they only come in 1 though). I get the Old School Meatballs - basil & ricotta 'manicotti' and Butternut Squash & Sweet Potato Ravioli every time. Stanton Social is perfect for date night or a girls night out!I ate here with four of my girlfriends as part of our annual holiday dinner/night out together.  It was delicious!  You must try the Kobe sliders.  We ended up ordering more as "dessert".. they were THAT good.  The staff was attentive and very helpful in suggesting menu options.  When we finished our meal, we were given complimetary drink cards to go spend at the bar.  What a perfect ending to a fabulous experience at Stanton Social.My girl and I give Stanton Social 5 stars, because this is exactly what we love about a date spot...Let me start off with commenting on the staff, all of whom are very polite, helpful, and although it's an upscale restaurant, it's refreshing when the waitress isn't some politically correct, regimented nerd...Although keeping with her professionalism, our waitress was friendly, affable, and helpful.The dining room is perfectly lit, we were seated in a private round booth which was perfect for getting close.The cocktail list has many options, she went with a grapefruit  vodka with muddled strawberries and me a tequila with orange bitters.Now onto the food-which is the main reason this spot is right up our alley....You choose 4-6 dishes (which are mini-sized, meant to be shared), and they bring them out as you finish the ones before.  We started with the red snapper tacos and pulled chicken on little cracker-sized bread.  Then came the crab cake corn dogs, then they brought the sweet and sour chicken spring rolls, finishing with 2 delicious lobster rolls with a side of frites.  Every bit of food was unbelievable, neither one of us could pick a favorite dish.  If you are a fan of sampling delicious food in an upscale date-type environment, this should be your destination of choice.  Some of the best food, service, and experience we've had in years...Food is decent but I'd rather not have brunch in a club.Great place... Great vibe, great service staff, awesome small plates!  Music was a little loud, but after a couple of cocktails it seemed fine. Tables are tightly packed. Other than that - really a jewel. See you again, next time we're in the city!Ate here for a business dinner with a large group in July. Very accommodating! Amazing cocktails, very diverse. The food was outstanding, with a sampling of most everything on the menu. So many great flavors it is hard to nail down a favorite. Our service was very prompt & courteous too. Highly recommended.hmmm,. interesting place i must say.. i was there friday night and things were fine.. having good drinks, hanging with good friends.. but i realized one thing when i was leaving! there were only like 3 minorities in the whole place and there was about 200 people in there! i have no problems with non-minorities, but i thought it was pretty odd for a place in LES and in NYC.. besides that vibe was cool, seems like a place "the city" on MTV would film in.. hahaSo for the first time ever flying into NYC, i actually remembered landing in New York.Usually afar 4 Jacks and 2 xanaxs, i assume that i teleported there but this time was different though I'm not sure how it happened. We met my friend Rich at a bar and then we caught a cab to the LES and made our reservation at the Stanton Social. First off,it IS very dark and VERY loud. I thought, this is the year i feel my age. (39). But the food more than made up for the negatives. We ordered a lot. We had the pirogues, which were my favorite. Hollah! Also the french onion soup dumplings were delicious. Jovanie and Rich both loved the red snapper tacos. We were none of crazy about the crab cake corn dog. It was a little too dense for me.Or maybe i just don't like any type of corn dog ,period. The lamb souvlakis was also a shining star in our book. I licked (literally) that plate clean. The mac and cheese was good but i was so full that by the time it came out,i could barely finish half of it. And to think that i had also drunkenly tried to order a trio of sliders. HA! i wanted to order the whole damn menu. Needless to say, I would come back here. It was a great first night in NYC and the Stanton Social helped in a big way.AMAZING FOOD!! Ordered the goat cheese and french soup appetizers. Taquitos, Popcorn shrimp (don't eat shrimp but still loved it), this big meat ball didn't know the name of it (the meat was sooo tender). Smores for desert were to die for. Left really full but didn't feel gross, it was worth it. Service wasn't too great but we went like an hour before closing so that may have been whyThe Stanton Social is very S-E-X-Y. It's a very fun, dark LES environment that gets you in the playful mood to share some tasty bites with friends. DRINKS: Their cocktail menu is very lush with interesting flavor combinations to choose from. I went with the Basil-Lime Gimlet to start, it was a pristine blend of vodka, basil, lemon and lime. My next choice was a little more bold, the Cucumber-Vanilla Cosmo. I know this sounds like a new eco-friendly candle scent but I highly enjoyed this! Who knew cucumbers and vanilla could be such best friends? FOOD: Kobe Philly Slider- this was a winner! The truffle flavor and goat cheese creaminess was pure heaven!! Pan Roasted Day Boat Scallops - Nice big scallops over a bed of enoki mushrooms in a coconut curry sauce. This was alright, nothing special. Chicken N' Waffles - who can resist fried chicken and waffles? This mouthwatering version was slightly different with an aged cheddar waffle and balsamic maple syrup, yum! Braised Short Rib Soft Tacos- exquisite poblano crème made this for me. Grilled Asparagus - with sea salt and lemon, this was cooked to perfection! I don't think I have had better asparagus EVER. Overall this was a fun meal. Next time I will go with a friend who eats raw seafood so I can try that section of the menu!!Great spot for a nice night out!Cocktail list was exotic and fun- I went with the pineapple martini, and it did not disappoint. -Loved the goat cheese pierogies with carmelized onions and truffled creme fraiche. They weren't really what I think of when I think of a pierogie, but they were delicious nonetheless. The truffle creme fraiche complemented the tart goat cheese and sweet onions perfectly, and If socially acceptable, I may have licked the plate for every last drop. -French onion soup dumplings were what I really came here for and they did not disappoint! I've had them at Continental in both Atlantic City and Philly, but I think these were my favorites so far. While there wasn't much soup in the dumpling, you could definitely taste the rich broth cooked into the onions. -I'm usually on the fence when it comes to mac-n-cheese, but I'd definitely order this again. The crunchiness of the toasted breadcrumbs along with the chorizo gave the dish so much substance. All the flavors went so well together and I particularly liked the added kick from the chorizo. -The kobe sliders were FANTASTIC and i loved the little bun they came on. Meat was flavorful and juicy-I'd definitely order these again. -The Philly Cheesesteak slider was great as well. Particularly loved the truffle flavored cheese sauce!-The lobster roll and grilled cheese were the two dishes I would not order again. The lobster roll had very little flavor and the two tiny triangles that made up the grilled cheese tasted funny to mei am not usually a huge fan of small plate style restaurants.  i generally do not like the idea that everyone orders a few things and then we share. inevitably i enjoy what i ordered the most (and sometimes everyone else does too) and because of that i end up with a bite of what i love and a few bites of everything else...stanton social, at least for the time being, has changed my opinion about small plate restaurants. the reason why: because everything was good here. the ambiance is dark and intimate without being too 'date-like'.  you could come here with that special someone or with 12 of your best friends and the mood would be great for both occasions.  that is a difficult thing to pull off and yet the stanton social is able to. admirably.the service was good. the server was informative without being snobby. she informed us of the fan favorites as well as her dark horse picks. she wasnt pushy in terms of having us order way too much food (which is another of my pet peeves about small plate places. why do you attempt to force people to order 5 things at a time--is there a limit to how many times you can get food? is it one order and then done? let people order food as they see fit). there were no problems with pushiness here.for a group of three (hungy mind you) we ordered:-butter poached lobster pizzetta-potato and goat cheese pierogies-braised short rib soft tacos-bbq duck confit and black bean empanadas- rabbit orecchiette pasta-crabcake corn dogsif i had to pick a favorite it would have been the short rib soft tacos.  they were some of the best tacos i have ever had.the only dish that i was not completely keen on was the crabcake corndog. (which shouldnt come as too big of a surprise given my blasé attitude toward corndogs).all in all we left full but not stuffed (and to be honest who wants to leave a restaurant leaving sick when you have a big night ahead?)in the end i still prefer traditional style meals (maybe because i dont share food well haha) but as far as small plate-type restaurants go stanton social sets the bar.I'm giving this place a 3.5 this time. Food continue's to be great, ambiance is great, but the host really needs to go. The first time I went, he was really pretentious and did not apologize once for our 40 minute delay on seating.  Luckily, they made up for it with a couple free plates and the social media manager emailed me to make it up separately. This time, I was in the area with some friends and I called and he picked up and I asked if I walked in in 30 seconds, how long is the wait, and he said he could seat us right away. I get there 30 seconds later, and he said there is a table paying shortly and we waited 20 minutes. Are you kidding me? After last time, I already hated this guy... You can imagine how I feel now. This guy is dampening the quality of the restaurant and is the cause of all my negativity towards this place.  Management needs to sit down and teach him a thing or two.Very hip place.  One of the scenes of The City was filmed here.  The scene was more UES or Meatpacking instead of LES.  Went there on a Friday night without reservation and have to eat at the bar.  The upstair lounge area is nice.  If you go there early enough, you will be able to sit comfortably in their sofa lounge area.  Definitely need a reservation to eat at the dining room.  The food was really amazing.  I like the Wellington beef the most, as well as the Kobe Beef slider.Visiting from SF and a friend recommended this place for brunch but we decided to check out for dinner and drinks. Absolutely amazing! Its small plates so the bill ran high very easily, but whatever, I was on vacation. I would probably recommend reservations however we went on a Friday and were seated within an hour. It was noisy and dark inside but not too noisy where we all couldn't have a decent conversation. The server was totally sweet and attentive.  I think we lucked out when that sat us in the corner booth with the great view, don't expect to get that lucky. The cucumber-vanilla cosmo and blood orange jalapeno margarita were fantastic without being too sweet.  We started with the east coast oysters and also enjoyed the Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies, Red Snapper Tacos, and the French Onion Soup Dumpings. My friend also said the Chicken and Waffles were great (I don't eat chicken). Only thing we didn't really like was the Grilled apple & brie Quesadilla, it tasted like it had been sitting out too long. GO HERE, it's totally worth the $$$.Love love love this place but the noise level is crazy.  Everything was fabulous!!!!  Definately make a reservation and don't be late.  They won't hold your table for long and it gets packed fast.Excellent small plates place! Better than Alta (I haven't tried Verlaine). Pretty much ordered all the veggie plates they had. The baby spinach salad with roasted corn and cashews was fantastic. Ordered that one twice. Good ambience. Place is much bigger than it looks from the outside.Went to Stanton Social for a bachelorette/bridal shower brunch. The staff was very accommodating considering we had brought in so much stuff. We weren't rushed to get out of there and the service was stellar. The food was amazing. We ordered many different dishes and not a single one was a disappointment. My favorite though was the donuts. Something about the dipping sauce just makes me think of it.I'd like to update my previous review of the Stanton Social.  Our first visit to the restaurant left much to be desired.  However, our second visit was outstanding, and I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone.  We had a reservation for 10PM on a Friday night, and were seated within 5 minutes of our arrival, which is excellent for an NYC restaurant on a busy night.  We had plenty of room, again a commodity in NYC.  The meal was excellent, and the service top notch.  Management came by to check on us, and took care of us throughout the night. My mind has been changed, and I would highly recommend the Stanton Social!Decor and ambiance is amazing... especially in the neighborhood.  You'll feel like you're more on the West Village than in the East.  Cool concept with the menu... small items to share with friends.  The drinks were stiff and service was friendly.  We brought a birthday cake, and they had no qualms about serving it to us at the end, free of charge, in lieu of dessert.  Thumbs up!love the chic vibe, lighting, decor, and music.our waiter was great - nice, helpful, and accommodating.  he brought us a free salad bite appetizer thing and that was pretty damn good.we had:-french onion soup dumplings - yummy, but too hot to enjoy right away, be careful!-potato/goat cheese pierogies with caramelized onion and creme fraiche - SO good... and i'm not ashamed to say i licked the creme fraiche dry even after all the pierogies were gone-chicken arepas - probably my least favorite of the night. lacked a little flavor and a little dry but i loved the salsa verde it came with, wish there was more.-lamb souvlakis - this is the dish i felt the most jipped on probably because they were 3 tiny, tiny little pieces but SO full of flavor that might just have made up for the price... seriously, so good. get them.-thai glazed baby back ribs - i am not the biggest fan of ribs but they had a LOT of meat per piece which i was impressed with.  the particular mix of flavors didn't quite sit well on my tongue but i can see how many would find this dish appealing so i still recommend itfor drinks:-i had the strawberry fields which was delectable.  i love how they used fresh strawberries muddled and the riesling floater was the cherry on the cake.-my boyfriend had the gin mojito which was pretty damn refreshing and eye-opening that gin makes a great replacement for rum in mojitosfor dessert:we had the donuts and they did not disappoint from what we read in reviews here.the bill was about $145 if i remember correctly?  for two.  i can see your bill being INSANELY HIGH for larger parties because it's a tapas restaurant after all and you'll have to order multiples of dishes.i can't wait to return.  i just love restaurants that serve a dining experience rather than just food and this place does exactly that.I came here on a 'double date'.  We made reservations, and glad we did as it was pretty packed on this Friday night.  Super cute, dimly lit and the hostess told us to go uptairs to the bar area and wait until our table was ready.  I love the ambience and trendiness of this lounge.  The wait for our table was pretty long but it didn't matter...bc the scene around the bar was great.  It was mostly couples or groups of friends just having a good time.  Alas, we were called and we were brought down to this cozy alcove right next to the cases of wine.  So cute and cozy.  Our waiter was super friendly as I always ask the waiters whats the best thing and what they recommend.  He was so helpful and honest.  And the food here was unexpectedly amazing!! It's more like tapas as opposed to meals.  My sister ordered the empanadas and little tacos.  I ordered the beef wellington and it really tasted amazing. I would defintitley come back here for sure.This may have been one of the absolute worst NYC dining experiences of my life.  Where to begin, we were seated RIGHT in front of the restaurant, right next to the door and the hostess's station.  We (because we were not insane) requested a table away from the crowd and away from the freezing cold.  The manager claimed that he advised us of the location of the table, which was a complete fallacy.  In fact, all we were told was that the table was at the front of the restaurant, conveniently leaving out the part that the table was right next to the door, would be heavily trafficked, and that the temperature of our table would be a few degrees warmer than the freezing temperatures of outside.  The manager told us that the table was "the best table in the house" and that if it were him, he would prefer that table.  (He said this with a straight face.)  When we further pointed out the throngs of people milling about the table, he promised us that the crowd would disperse during our meal.  Oh and p.s., there was a couple seated at the end of our table, who he promised would soon be gone as "they are eating dessert."  When we further tried to plead our case, he told us, "you really don't have to eat here."  Clearly not having a choice since, at this point, it's almost 11PM on New Year's Eve and we were quite limited in choice of restaurants able to seat a group of seven, we agree to take the table.  To say that our dining area is beyond freezing would be an understatement, and we end up eating our dinner in winter coats.  Side note.  We were not seated at our table till a bit after 10:45, despite a 10PM reservation and arriving at the restaurant over an hour early (we did the waiting at the bar upstairs.)  When we first checked in with the host, he advised us that our table had paid and that he would come get us when the table was ready.  15 minutes pass and no host.  We head back to the host's stand, we discover that a party was seated at our table and the host promises he would clear them out and shall get us when the table was ready, all the while agreeing to speak to the manager about moving us to a less terrible table.  It was not until much later that we were finally seated. Bypassing the dismal service received during the dinner, when we received the dinner cheque, we noticed the bill included a 20% gratuity.  Considering the horrible experience that was the dinner, I addressed this issue to the manager, advised him our dining party should choose whether or not to tip.  The manager got frustrated and proceeded to speak with us rudely, informing us that he was tired of trying to accommodate our party, and that we had signed a contract mandating a 20% gratuity (NB:  the contract does not mandate any such gratuity.)  When a member of the party informed him that there is no way such a contract would have been signed based on the profession of certain party members, the manager, rudely stated that he did not care what we did for a living. (P.s., dude, you actually should care because you have absolutely no clue who your guests are apparently.)  I tried to point out to the manager that we were not making up our experiences that night- we wore (and were still wearing!) winter coats during our dinner (I even had to find a guy to borrow a bulky one from him), we were seated over 45 minutes past our reservation time, we were seated right next to the door (which, at one point, the "bouncer" held open for nearly five minutes), a blanket served as the wall next to us, serving as a boundary between the coat check area and our dining area, we were STILL eating dinner at past 1AM (even as we discussed the check with the manager), and we were excluded and isolated from the New Year's eve revelry- the whole point of dining at Stanton Social anyway.  The manager angrily agreed to take off the gratuity from the bill and advised us not to return to Stanton Social.  Also, while modifying the bill, he proceeded to complain loudly about us to one of his staff members within earshot!! He could have at least had the decency to wait until we were out of earshot to do the complaining.This was objectively the absolute worst New Year's eve experience any of us ever had.  During one of the manager's outbursts at our "unreasonable" demands, he mentioned that this was New Year's eve and essentially that we were ruining it for him.  Nope, not asinine at all.  On the contrary, we were paying to the Stanton Social establishment (a not small sum of money) to provide US with a memorable New Year's eve celebration.  That he was okay to ruin every last bit of our New Year's eve, while complaining about his celebration remains quite shocking to everyone.  And when some of the members of our dining party dared complain on yelp, they receive the a form email from their "Social Media Director" saying that we should let them know if we need help making a reservation. Awesome, we're oh so looking forward to spending more money at The Stanton SocialWhile the food was good, the french onion soup dumplings were great, the service was HORRIBLE.   The waiter was completely inattentive -- did not ask if things were good, did not try to bring us other drinks, didn't bring us one of our cources, etc.  When we complained to the manager, his response was along the lines of "sucks to be you."  Never again.  This place is too expensive to suffer through such bad service.This place is amazing. Very hip but discreet. My friends took me here while I was visiting them from out of town. While we waited for our table we ordered cocktails from the drink menu. It was so hard to decide what to get. I decided to get the cranberry martini which was very sweet and not too strong. When we sat down I was told that the onion soup dumplings are the best thing, and they were! They are served in an escargot dish, little dumplings with melted cheese on top and carmelized onions with some broth inside, they are amazing! Next each person in my party of 4 chose a dish and we shared them all. (it is tapas style) The quesadilla was quite interesting with brie cheese and pear and honey drizzled on top. It seems like an odd combo but it tasted great! It was time for another drink just before we ordered dessert so I ordered the pineapple martini, that was more impressive and tasty then the cranberry one. It had a dried pineapple on top and was delicious! For dessert we ordered the warm donuts that come with several dipping sauces. This definitely did not disappoint, was worth every penny and I would come back the next time I am in NY! P.S. its probably best to go with a group of 4, that way you can order just enough without being too full and everyone can share a portion without cutting them up into tiny pieces.yummy! tapa style.. must try the kobe burgers, pizzeta, red snapper tacos, french onion dumplings, and chicken and waffles! make sure you make a reservation...theyre quite busy!Went here based on recommendations from local Yelpers and Open Table. Friend and I were not disappointed (though I would have liked to have eaten later, so as a heads up for others: don't make your reservation the week before you want to go!). Great atmosphere with fantastic food. It was pretty inexpensive considering it's New York and for the amount of food we had. The red snapper tacos were amazing! The only downside was the noise level, but we were sitting close enough to each other that it really wasn't that big a deal. Definitely going to be a go-to for future visits.call ahead, and be sure to have your entire party so you can get seated..good tapas menu.. staff was pretty good too.pretty frigging great, and a really nice location if you're an LES creeper.This was a place I wasn't supposed to like. The atmosphere is very new-agey of sorts, and I feared I was entering the realm of "fine dining," which I am no fan of. But no, tapas to the rescue. All the tapas we ordered, which I am having trouble remembering cause we ordered so many, were delicious. I know I ordered the fried octopus, which was really good, but even better was the french onion dumplings. Golly I wish I could steal that recipe and make it at home to impress friends. It was that delicious. The ribs my dad got were really good, made to perfection. I got the Kobe beef sliders, which while tasty, were by no means special. Kobe beef should stick to steaks, not grounded. But that didn't diminish my meal. Our server was extremely friendly and helpful as this was our first experience here. Drinks were good (it's hard to screw that up). I was stuffed by the end of my experience here, and would come back with a big group. This was my last night in New York, and boy, this was a good way to cap off what had been an incredible food experience.I really loved everything about this place. Spectacular!! Server was hot and uber friendly. Atmosphere great. Plus the food was spectacular. We shared 10 small plates including pierogies, dumplings, chicken/waffles, etc. My absolute favorites where the red snapper tacos, mac/cheese (has chorizo which I normally don't prefer) and the chocolate sampler and blood orange sorbet desserts. When there weren't enough in an order for our entire group, the hottie was able to add extra to accommodate!! Great dinner!!Food was so so. Very small portions. Not  worth the price that they charge. Hostess was nasty. She screamed at us when we tried to seat ourselves in the "wrong" area.  The only good was our waitress who amazingly served the entire lounge area where food is also served. She was very attentive. Otherwise, I would not recommend this place.The Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies ($9) were sinful and delicious - oh, the truffle creme!  Usually I find pierogies like empanadas, dry and usually lacking true flavor, but the soft texture of the goat cheese in these bit-size pieces of heaven really added the moisture needed.  However, I can't say the same for the BBQ Duck Confift & Black Bean Empanadas ($10).  The frying process and amount (of lack there of) meat inside really dried these empanadas out, and even the side jam couldn't revive them.  We tried two sets of tacos, Red Snapper Tacos ($10) and Short Rib Soft Tacos ($19).  Personally, I like fish in my tacos to be either fried, to give some crunch, or grilled enough to add a little crisp to the outside.  While the snapper seemed to be grilled, the fish was very soft and brittle, making the overall texture of the dish very one-dimensional (with the creamy avocado side, it would have even been monochromatic).  A pleasant surprise after the disappointment of the Red Snapper Tacos was the Short Rib Tacos.  Now, this is a dish that is very close to my heart (and my kitchen) so I regularly make these in my slow cooker.  Therefore, I can be quick to pass judgement, but these didn't let me down - although, of course, mine are better!   But let's talk about, in my opinion, the piece de resistance... the French Onion Soup Dumplings ($12)!  I had heard about these from a friend who is a trained chef, and at first it baffled me how they could even begin to construct these.  They use, what I think is, an escargot pan to place the dumpling shell & hold it all together.  The broth and onions are placed inside and then it's topped with cheese.  A crispy crouton is placed on top and skewered with a toothpick to make shoving them into your mouth whole a lot easier :)  I love that they took a classic disk and put an inventive, yummy twist on it.Dear Chris Santos: You can thank your class-less hostess for this serious mark down in my rating for your restaurant.  The six of us had a wonderful meal.  The small dishes were finely executed and we had a very entertaining evening.  We ordered the lamb tacos (excellent), the chicken and waffles (even more excellent), the meatballs (OMG), the ravioloi (super delicious), several other small dishes that I cannot recall and two bottles of wine and dessert.  All in all, we spent more than $680 at this table.  When two of us got up to use the WC, the hostess swooped down on us.  At first she casually asked how everything was and we reported how pleased we were with the meal.   That was when she gave the phoniest grin and asked to get up and leave because another group was waiting.   Mind you, we did not dawdle during the meal.  The pace of the meal is the pace of the meal because the dishes are brought out as they are prepared.  When we explained that we would get up as soon as our friends returned from washing up, she made it clear she wanted us to get up.  Now.  I was insulted and so were my guests.  I will never go back.I travel to New York about 4-8 times a year for work and always stay at The Thompson LES which is around the corner.  Almost every time we go to Stanton Social for dinner one night.  I've never had a problem getting a reservation and the food is amazing (tapas style)!  It's pretty loud in there and always crowded.  It's fun to go before your reservation so that you can go upstairs to grab a drink or two before dinner.  If you go, you have to try the French Onion Soup Dumplings.  They are amazing!Ordinarily, I think the food here is good but our New Years Eve experience was so piss poor that I will not be returning here. Following a 45 minute wait, we were seated in what was actually the coat room next to a blanket hanging over coat racks and fully exposed to the 30 degree New York night. When we complained about the table, the incredibly rude manager told us that we could either take the table or go eat somewhere else. Given that it was 11 pm on New Year's Eve we had no choice. What followed was two hours of being ignored by the staff and basically being segregated from the rest of the event because we were in the coat room next to the credit card machine. Most wonderfully, when we indicated that the service did not deserve a 20% gratuity, the manager was disgustingly unprofessional and rude, telling us that he was "tired of dealing with you people."  The absolute lack of courtesy, attentiveness and professionalism completely ruined our night.  This was easily one of the worst dining experiences any of us had the displeasure of suffering through.This was my first visit to Stanton Social in a couple of years, having eaten here many times prior to this trip. I have to say the place has changed so much that I probably won't go back. The one major change is the attitude of the staff particularly in the upstairs bar. There is now a girl covering the seating area who is quite possibly one of the rudest people I have ever met in New York. Her attitude absolutely stinks, I've met some arsey people in my time but her attitude to my partner and I was appalling, we politely asked for a seat as we had booked a table in the restaurant, the bar was completely rammed and it was uncomfortable being shoved about the bar. You would think we had asked her if we could take a dump on one of the table as she was so unbelievably rude to my partner talking a lot of nonsense to him about the area being full even when we could clearly see it was empty whilst the bar was full. She sashayed away from us like she was working this seasons catwalk, like she was some hot thing with the power to say yes or no. To be honest neither my partner nor I were desperate for a seat so I told her to shove it. We did have an excellent meal but the up herself girlupstairs has put me off ever going back.We had our corporate holiday party here - amazing.  Every year I dread planning this party, but they made it simple here.  I didn't have to worry about a thing.  We had the mezzanine level which as perfect: it was private, but also allowed us to be a part of the crowd.  Our waitress, I think Olivia, was wonderful.  She noticed I was vegetarian and had the chef make me a veggie slider during that course.  She also warned me the French Onion dumplings were made in veal stock - I was dissapointed because I had wanted to try those!  Even though I only ate the non meat items, I left stuffed.  The food was all incredible, desert was amazng, atmosphere was great, I will definately go back.   I recommend highly if you have large parties going here.this place gets five stars for the french onion soup dumplings alone.Food is amazing, but the service is awful. Seated 45mins after reservation to a table that's too small and had my chair hit by busboys the entire time. Acted like they were doing us a favor by reseating us 30 mins in to our meal.  As a resident of LES  and a frequent customer this will definitelly be my last trip.there wasn't anything disappointing about the dinner. food was good. ambiance was loud, but to be expected and within reason. staff was professional and friendly. solid place for a date. i definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants a good dining experience that will provides a good balance of fantastic food, service, ambiance, style, etc.4.5my friends and i really enjoyed the whole stanton social experience, from the drinks to the food to the comfortable bench seats.  i was even able to recline for most of my meal with my feet up on an ottoman.onion soup dumplings, red snapper tacos, mac 'n cheese, chicken n' waffles...really good.the ladies enjoyed some kind of specialty wine spritzers, too.while i'd surely return, our attitudinal waitress, who assured us that she wouldn't rush us, began pushing plates at us soon after we ordered.  the entire meal from the minute we ordered our drinks until the last dish was served was only 1 1/4 hours!  and this was at 1pm on a sunday afternoon!great place.  great food.  great drinks.  attitude galore.I ate here with a few friends in March (I know, I'm a procrastinator in writing reviews...I had to let the food digest) and now that I think about it, we could have picked a better place. First off, we weren't aware that they mostly served tapas and we were STARVING. So we probably ordered like 20 tapas...lol. Don't get me wrong, everything was good, perhaps it was the ambiance that wasn't pleasing. It is loud up in that bitch! Not a good place if you're looking for "romantic" or "catching up with friends". There is a bar/club (?) upstairs which we tried to walk into but it was impossible...wall-to-wall congestion (and stank). Also, while waiting for our table, we stood outside. It seems as if that tree right in front of the restaurant (probably dead now) is a famous spot for girls to puke. I must have seen like 5 of them stumble out in their miniskirts, say something profane in Russian/Polish/Scandinavian and then puke their brains out.There were four of us for dinner, and the waitress suggested 2 plates per person, so we ordered 8 dishes altogether.  Two of those plates were the beef sliders for $7 and lobster roll for $9.  With me so far?   She asked us if we wanted all four of the sliders cooked the same temperature, we said sure medium.  Now the food was delicious.  Although, the real stinker came when the bill arrived.  We got charged for 4 sliders equaling $28 and 4 lobster rolls totalling $36!  Total misrepresentation!  It doesn't state on the menu that the "dish" of sliders you are getting only includes one slider!  Nor did the waitress clarify that the price is increasing 4 fold.  We had the manager come over, and after complaining he took off two of each item from the bill.  At least they did a sort of honorable thing in the end after a major misrepresentation.We had a 7:15 Resi this past Saturday and were seated right away.  Our Server was very helpful in helping us with some selections.  We started off with the French Onion Soup Dumplings (AMAZING), the Lobster Roll, the Butter Poached Lobster Pizzetta (Fantastic) and the Old School Meatballs (Best Meatball I have had in a LONG Time).  The only dish in our inital selection I would not order again was the Lobster Roll, it was tiny and not worth the money.  After we finished the inital plates we decided to try a few others so we ordered the Skillet Roasted Brussel Sprouts, the Carb Cake Corn Dogs and the Wild Mushroom Risotto Cakes, all were excellent with the Brussel Sprouts being the stand out dish, they were fantastic!  We finished off out meal with the Warm Doughnuts and the Red Velvet Twinkie and both were outstanding.  The people watching was great, the service was helpful and accomodating and the food was more than memorable!  We will be back for sure!Service was excellent, especially our friendly and attentive waitress who was knowledge of the food and wine selection.  We arrived after 11pm for dinner.  This place was packed but we're seated within 10 min since we made a reservation.  Now moving onto their wine selection.  We're glad to see a generous list with plenty of 45 to 60 dollar ranged reds.  Our $45 French wine was medium bodied and tasty.  We ordered way too much for 2, underestimating how filling some dishes were. 1. Halibut tacos - perfectly grilled fish with mango salsa paired with just enough citrus all in a light and crunchy taco shell.  One of our favorites. 2. Grilled octopus - well cooked but a bit heavy handed on the sauce. 3/4. French onion soup dumplings and Mac n' cheese-both were tasty but too heavy (cheese and cream) for us. But the general public seems to enjoy these 2 dishes. 5. Rabbit sausage with orrechiete-Al dente pasta with great flavors from the sausage. We're super full when this came but managed to finish every morsel. Thanks to our waitress for canceling our order of sliders.   Overall an energetic place but food wise was a hit and miss.  I'd probably skip this place for a full dinner but just come for late night snacks and drinks with friends instead.cool outside of the box tapa's done right.. big fan.. service was good for a lounge type of place..Oh how I wanted to give this restaurant a higher mark.  If I were judging only by the food and our waitress, you would see 5 stars here.  My husband and I visited NY to go to lots of theatre and eat great food.  We went to Stanton Social after a play on Friday night.  We had reservations.  For the first time in my 50 plus years, I felt old and out of place.  The music was thrumming.  We like music.  We are after all, from Music City, Nashville, TN.  This was headache inducing, shout to be heard loud.  We will not be back after eight pm.  I'm left to wonder if our age group is simply not the target audience, which is unfortunate. All this said, our waitress was darling, the dumplings amazing! Wish Chris Santos would ship them.  If you don't include the dry leaning bill from my trampled coat, the food is worth the cost.  Go early for a more enjoyable evening.Just ok...... I went here for my Bday dinner. It was my 1st time here and i was excited to check it out because i love  Beauty & Essex. We had a reservation for 10 people at 9:30 and we didn't end up sitting down until 10:30. The manager did bring over comp Appetizers ...i mean he 100% should have for making us wait and hour. which is why i am giving them 3 stars over 2. Food was ok....I would give it one more chance.love this place!I've been for brunch and dinner.  Loved it both times.  The french onion soup dumplings are sooooo good.I like sharing things so I get little bites of everything.  So good!  great vibe in the place too.this place looks really nice and has ok food, i tried what the other yelpers have mentioned, the french onion dumplings, which is i think six doughy looking dumplings topped with cheese and croutons with a tooth pick poked thru, if that sounds good then go ahead but i think its over ratedactually everything we order was ok, not amazing, nothing really stood out to me, but does have a nice atmosphere and it a try but i wouldnt expect anything amazing.Stopped in without reservation on a Tuesday night. Was busier than I expected. Good atmosphere, service and food.went to stanton social for my 25th birthday dinner (with my parents, so they paid, natch) and i LOVED it.  a coat checker standing by the door immediately took our jackets, before we even got to the receptionist.  we were seated in a round booth in the corner, which was cosy enough for the 4 of us to talk and share all of our food.everything was delicious.  i started off with a basil-lime gimlet, which smelled like basil - in a good way - and tasted light and refreshing.  for dinner, we ordered the nori spiced tuna tartare roll, barbeque duck confit and black bean empanadas, red snapper tacos, french onion soup dumplings, rhode island lobster roll, beef wellington... and i think something else but i can't pick it off the menu right now, and we went in march...  anyway, every thing was excellent.  the beauty of small plates is that you get just one delicious taste of each thing.for dessert, we ordered the doughnut, and they brought me a birthday cupcake.  yay.the only negative thing was that the whole place smelled kind of weird the whole time, which i figured out by the end was the smell of the french onion soup dumplings... i guess if everyone is ordering them, and they are made of pungent cheese and onions, it will make the restaurant smell like them.  but a minor quibble about a delicious meal.i would go back for another special occasion dinner, but it's out of my price range for regular meals.All of the selections we had were very good!  Portions are small (for two people we ordered about 5 items plus two desserts) and all of it was good.love this place! great for a date or going with a group of people. we ordered a bunch of plates to share. french onion dumplings are amazing! brie and apple quesadilla... not a favorite. great service as well. will be back very soon!french onion soup dumplings. oysters. basil gin gimlet. need i say more? pretty darn good. such a random assortment of delicious small plates allows for even the pickiest of eaters to find something delish.this place is dopeeee. every single tapas on the menu is quality and tasty.I have eaten here once when it first opened. Its a bit of a tourist spot now. Tried to make a reservation and they were rude and then when I paused because I needed to think between either 6:15 or 9:30pm reservations they hung up on me.I spent $150 on "dinner" for two which amounted to little more than a few small snacks.  This was supposed to be dinner but the portions on the 4 plates we ordered were ridiculously small.  I do not have a large appetite.  If you want a full meal for two with 2 drinks each  plan on about $100 per person.  Part of my anger is directed at OpenTable - which listed this as a moderately priced restaurant ($$ out of a possible $$$$).  I've been to many expensive restaurants in the city but this is probably the most expensive yet for a real meal.  The food tasted good but honestly the anxiety over sharing the tiny portions far outweighed any pleasure I got from the food.This restaurant has both strong points and some weak points. On the plus side, it is a high energy restaurant, with a very cool decor. They were able to incorporate the original architecture and update it with a modern touch. Service was very good, and very efficient. Plates were removed within seconds after completion. Water refilled often, etc. The food was very good. Had the corn dogs, which I would recomend. The short rib tacos were OK, but not worth the price. Best dish was the chicken waffle. YUM! grill chesse sliders were good as well. Drinks were nothing special. had the spicy marguerita. Not worth $13. And speaking of price..alas, the problem with this restaurant..its way too expensive for what you are served. Total for 2 was $150 with tip for 5 dishes and 3 drinks. For that much money, there are many better alternatives elsewhere. Plus, did I mention the energy of the restaurant. way too loud. way too cramped. you will for sure make new friends, as the tables are in close quarters. Overall, a good experience, but im not sure I would be rushing back any time soon.Honestly one of the best restaurants in the city! Definately try this, the food is amazing! Cocktails are wonderful and creative service is terrific. Bruch and dinner are amazing!Came with my family for my mom's birthday, it's always a great experience. Started out with great cocktails, I tried a lemon drop and the Strawberry Fields drinks, both were nice fruity drinks which weren't overpowering or stingy on the alcohol. Since we were there early on a Sunday, there was a very low noise level and nice serene music, which was pleasant to my parents who hate loud music and loud crowds. Each dish that we ordered was better than the next, crowd favorites included the red snapper tacos (lots of fish and good mixture of toppings), the ribs (the meat was so tender it fell off the bone when we grabbed it), and the beef carpaccio accompanied with a refreshing salad. The beef wellington was the least satisfactory, and would not order that again. It was disappointing that it came out last. We also enjoyed the chocolate sampler, eat bite better than the next. The hot chocolate shot was also very enjoyable and was surprisingly tasty.  Overall a great experience, can't wait to come back!!I have been here with friends and also on dates, but I feel that it is really only worth it if you are in a group because then you can sample more dishes (none of which individually standout, but most of which are pretty good).  The atmosphere is fun and it is in a great location.  The last time I went with a group of 4 and the waitress was kind enough to tell us which dishes were served in three pieces and offered to request four pieces for those dishes that we all wanted to try.If u are hungry, do not come here, u will leave hungry and 50-60 bucks short in cash and unsatisfied and wanting a slice of pizza or something. The tapas were so so, nothing to rave about. Not a good place to go if you want to chat or on a date, really noisy.  Just blehhhh.This place is rediculous. I always end up going in with my boyfriend, thinking we are going for one drink, and it always ends up 3 drinks with one too many tapas, and SOO worth it. I have only sat upstairs in the lounge area, which during the week isn't too crowded and you can sit at the bar to get food. The martinis are dirty to perfection, definitely try the blood orange jalepeno marg! The food is OUT. OF. CONTROL. THe french onion soup dumplings are a must. You will die. Seriously. That is the main dish that really sticks out, but I promise everything you get on this menu is an awesome suprise.This review is way overdo. I've been a fan of Stanton Social since it first opened back in 2005. From the first time I tried Stanton Social I was in love. The decor is simple yet elegant, the atmosphere and the crowd is just great and the food is superb, i'm a big fan of tapas. The miso glazed edamame is beyond addictive; the piquillo peppers are deliciously flavored; the potato and goat cheese pierogies remind me of how much I loved pierogies as a kid; french onion soup dumpling are beyond delish -- these are the things I had tried for the first time all those years ago. The changed and upgrades that have been made in the passing years have only made my experiences there and love for the food that much greater. As long as Chris Santos continues making great food I'll always be a fan.Rating: 3.75, Date Dined: 7/21/2011We were a group of five ladies celebrating a birthday. I'm wincing in giving this restaurant close to four stars because the service here is brusque and unwelcoming. The food on the other hand is surprisingly delicious. I've dined at Stanton Social 3-4 times over the past 6 years or so. The menu is largely unchanged but the execution of the food this visit was outstanding. I was frankly surprised at how much we liked it.Service & AtmosphereLet's get the downer out of the way. Yes this place is dark with a vibrant, sexy vibe. I have been upstairs for drinks before, which is also a great spot. However, they pack the entire restaurant to the gills. I think it's a fire hazard. You can barely move as they have table upon table of large group dinners. It's also deafeningly loud and hard to even hear someone across the table from you. 4 out of the 5 of us arrived within 10 minutes of the reservation and they said we could be seated if we started ordering immediately. I appreciate that as I'm sure most people have that one friend who is always running 30-45 minutes late. Our waitress was such a turnoff. She would approach, then when we didn't know within 10 seconds what we wanted to order she would promptly pivot and rush away. This happened several times and was annoying as it was impossible to wave her down through the throng of diners. When she finally returned, I ordered everything in one shot so that we could just go about enjoying our birthday dinner. Our waitress also barely cracked a smile and actually looked pained throughout the meal except when we started ordering more drinks and a second bottle of wine. She probably felt better that there was a bigger tip coming out of our table. But honestly her sourpuss did put a damper on the meal.Food & DrinksAs this is a small plates format, I'll group the foods into general categories. The only dish I did not enjoy was the red snapper tacos. I've had these before here and they were not good this time around as the fish was neither hot nor cold and it did not taste fresh. The dishes that were solid were the East and West coast oysters, the amuse bouche of ceasar salad on a crostini, the foie gras, the beef wellington and the lobster roll. The other ladies loved the skillet roast octopus, soaking up the sauce with pieces of bread. I thought it was only ok, having had much better (more tender) octopus the weekend before at Craftbar. The outstanding dishes really made the meal memorable. The French onion soup dumplings were amazing. I've had these on two other occasions before and thought they were always dry and lacking. This time around they were soupy, cheesy and very flavorful. The kobe beef slider (not cheap at $7 a pop) was juicy and intense. Lastly, the Thai spiced baby back ribs are something I'll be thinking about for a while. The sauce was mildly spicy, mildly sweet and the meat fell off the bone and melted in your mouth. Wow. I would go back just to eat the ribs again. We also had 2 bottles of sauvignon blanc and 4 mixed drinks. By the time dessert came, we were very full. We had a strawberry shortcake sundae and the warm doughnuts. Both were objectively amazing but our enthusiasm was somewhat muted by the fact that we had already eaten so much delicious food.While the small plates seem reasonably priced on the menu, each plate only comes with 2-3 portions, which had to be "upsized" to 5 portions for our group. This quickly added up and our bill including all of the alcohol came out to $92 per person if we had split it evenly. The consistently delectable food is what made this meal enjoyable. The service and atmosphere is really a matter of one's tolerance level and preference for a specific type of scene.I'd recommend this spot for brunch mostly because they offer a unique twist to it, serving it tapas style. We went here with a group of 7 of us and found that the "multi-ethnic share plates" were a little difficult to share as we began dividing the last bite-sized Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogie into fourths. But I love the sexy interior, from their first-floor dining room of chocolate-suede banquettes, flickering votives, to the cylindrical glass lamps suspended from a soaring ceiling. Their brunch menu is extensive and covers a food speciality from practically every continent--from Warm Doughnuts with caramel sauce, Spicy Lamb Souvlakis with tzatziki sauce, lime, & harissa aioli, to yummy little Baby Benedicts with grilled canadian bacon & citrus kissed hollandaise, and to my favorite; the delicious and comforting, Social Mac & Cheese with chorizo & oven-dried tomatoes.love the ambience and decor, very beautiful and affordable. if you are hungry with a small group then definitely order like 15 things as it's a tasting style serving. great great food though.Went to Stanton Social last night with our son and two of his friends. They did a wonderful job ordering a variety of items from the menu. The food was delicious, our waitress was very pleasant and helpful. My husband and I did notice that we were undoubtedly the oldest people in the restaurant (we are in our late 50's), but we had a great time. Loved seeing all the beautiful people there. Our only complaint was the extremely loud music, which seemed to get louder as the night went on. We found ourselves yelling to try to carry on a conversation. Great service, great food, high energy atmosphere, but way too loud.Can you spell H-U-N-G-R-Y !!!!!!!How can I put this ??Here it is : This place sucks. If you must drop by i have two suggestions:First of all:  EAT beforehand because these "tapas"  are made for a toddler's stomach  ( they actually have a taco size I never knew existed).Second : make sure your wallet is FAT, this place is expensive and they know you 'll keep ordering cause you will still be hungry.Even the cocktails have more ice than usual : i was disgusted that they are ripping people off so effortlessly. We ordered the "lobster pizzeta" and i must say it's not a pizzeta but a "pizzetita" (even smaller) with 5 slices and thin as a kleenex tissue. The pizzeta has a fried radish on top that leaves your mouth without the ability to taste the lobster and even the bacon . We also ordered the red snapper "tacos" which i must say were disappointing and the smallest I have ever seen in my life. The only thing that was very good were the kobe beef sliders at $7 a pop. As a matter of fact i think they should change the name of the place to STANTON SLIDERS and get it over with. The only reason I am giving this place 1 star is because the settings don't allow not give any. Enter at your won risk!!!!!!!Great food I'm not generally a fan of tapas but it was a nice experiance.  French onion soup dumplings are outstanding and a must to order.  If I was to be critical I would have to say the tables are not up to par.  You cant rest your elbow on the table which is really disapointing.  But besides the table I guess it was good.The Stanton Social was very social. The restaurant is an A+ in my book. It is an upscale tapas place with great variety of food. It was reasonably priced and portions were small because of the tapas style. I went with my girlfriend and shared 5 plates. I heard of the Stanton Social from Food Network the judge Chris Santos from Chopped is co-owner. One of his dishes has been highlighted on Food Network the French Onion Soup Dumplings and now know why it was highlighted. The dumplings were amazing. Another amazing dish was the social MacNCheese. The service was wonderful the waitress was very helpful and attentive not overly attentive but enough to have our dishes out in a timely order. Overall this place great and will definitely be back to try more dishes.i have a love/hate relationship with this place.  i really hate 'scene' places and the kind of 'look at me' people who jam into them annoy the f outta me.   thing is:  the stanton social is solid.  food is delish and the desserts are incredible.  just avoid the weekend goofballs and you'll have a great time and one hell of a great mealwow, where to begin?? this restaurant is truly kick ass.  the atmosphere, food and drink can't be beat.  go on pay day because it can get very pricey very quickly! (but well worth it) i started with the vanilla-cucumber cosmopolitan, which was probably the most delicious drink i've ever had... i liked it so much i had another one :)  foodwise, between my friends and i we shared:  french soup dumplings (my fav), chicken arepas, red snapper tacos (my 2nd fav), goat cheese pierogies, mushroom risotto cakes, mac and cheese, chipotle shrimp and chicken and waffles.  everything was delicious.  they recommend 2-3 dishes per person so we may have gone over a bit :)  awesome restaurant, but it's hard to decide on what to order because everything looks and smells so good.  if you limit your alcohol and food choices you can get away with a decent bill. ... but that would definitely defeat the purpose of actually going there in the first place!!Food is never disappointing; atmosphere is consistently a crescendo.Bar review: I liked the atmosphere and decor, drinks were good  and bartenders friendly, but empty at 11P on a Thursday. Was told its more crowded on weekends.super rude you would think it was the waverly inn please they just lost a costumer oh well their lossI've been here numerous times and numerous times Ive been in fatboy heaven. Before I get to the review lets be clear YOU MUST MAKE RESERVATIONS. To stroll in here on one friday night is the dumbest thing since Mitt Romney decided he could win the election by looking like Mr Fantastic. Now what should you love? If you are dying for good drinks they have em but the real star is their Tapa menu. Chicken and Waffles? Yes Please. Beef Wellington?  Oh, howd you know I wanted that? And my ultimate must gotta have every single time French Onion Soup Balls....Now here is the 1 rule to these little jewels of pleasure LET THEM COOL! There is nothing worse than biting into hot balls and scolding liquid runs down your cheek...first youll look ridiculous and not too unsimiliar to an extra in an adult movie , secondly....it JUST HURTS! Take your time and you will be pleased. Also and honorable mention in the drink menu is the Strawberry Fields....so Yummy. The 1 drawback is the price, if you go here with a date expect to drop $150+ on a good day. Other than that I love this place.nice brunch place though a little dark.doesn't attract the tourist crowd- thank god.service is a little slow, and sometimes the hostess asks for reservation (to which i say "r u kidding?  the hype will be gone by fall).recommend:breakfast bruschettawarm doughnets with caramel saucelobster roll sliderpomme fritesI did not like the frittata - too dry and the one with bacon had wayyyyy to much salt.The french onion soup dumplings that are all the rave may be delicious, but my god, i don't think my breathe smelled normal for days.The food is great. I get the hype. The music is really loud. I love loud music. The problem here is this place is filled with women trying to scream over the music. Do you know what its like when you're sitting next to 4-6 screaming women!?!...click. click. boom.The fact that this place still has 4 stars after 1000 something reviews just says something about this place.I've been here twice and I must say, I've enjoyed everything I've had here: the drinks, the atmosphere, the waiters/waitresses, the food obviously, and the music.I sat upstairs the first time I went. Ordered the Brooklyn Lemonade which was interesting, delicious nonetheless. I went with a friend so we went with all of the recommended stuff - french onion soup dumplings, potato and goat cheese perogies, red snapper tacos, and tuna tartare. I HATE goat cheese, but the perogies were still good. The soup dumplings were amazing (even better the second time I had them), and the tuna tartare was my favorite - so good. The donuts were nothing special for the price though...but I had the cookies my second time and they were really good.I also recommend the lobster roll slider. Lots of lobster for 9 bucks.good good good, kobe beef burger sliders, what else can i say? gimme 30.Food was so delicious. Service was awful. The staff rushed everything to the point where I felt like I was in a fast food restaurant rather than a nice restaurant. I am not sure if certain people get treated better or worse in general at these types of restaurant. Nonetheless, service changes the whole experience and the staff didn't show much regard for us as customers.I rarely go downstairs. french onion dumplings are horrid. food is just ok nothing special, especially for the price. the upstairs is where its at - definitely a good spot to go after a nice dinner with a date to grab dessert. Grab a seat in the lounge area, order some wine and get either the chocolate tasting or warm donuts.Had dinner here recently and it was reeeeeeeeeally good, and the dessert was reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeally good! I loved the space and all in all it was the perfect night out, I wish our waiter had been a little more sociable but the food and ambiance made up for that :) Will return for sure.During my frequent trips to the lower east side, I didn't realize until today that I have passed this place several times. you don't really notice it from the outside because it has a very subtle store front, eg, some large glass panels/windows and no prominent awning. I googled to see what restaurants were good for groups and the stanton social seemed promising. I had made a reservation for 7PM but my entire group didn't show up until 15 minutes later. GIven that it was a saturday night, I feared that they would cancel my reservation. However, as it turned out, the hostess was kind enough to honor the reservation and seated us promptly. We didn't have the best table in the house since we were right near the front, but at least we were  able to see all the beautiful people that were streaming into the restaurant :). And yes, this place is beautiful given the dim lighting and dark leather and wood furnishings.  The patrons here certainly would make the cut at any of the trendy meat packing district clubs. Given top notch cocktails, excellent interior design, and well regarded small plates, who wouldn't want to be here? Ultimately, we came for the food. Our waitress was wonderful and soon after we received the menus, we were greeted with a round of gazpacho tequila shots. That was a nice touch. We ordered about 5 small plates and they were brought to the table at a nice and steady clip. I really enjoyed the pierogies with the truffle cream (the carmelized onions put it over the top for me), thai baby back ribs (tangy and fall off the bone), and maryland crab cake corn dogs (very creative). I also liked the red snapper tacos, but they were tiny and only come in a set of 3. However, they were tightly packed with goodness. The chicken and waffles were rather forgettable since the chicken was dry. I was somewhat disappointed with the french onion soup dumplings. The cheese was already dried/stale by the time we got it (which indicates that it was way overheated or left out for a while). I don't believe that it is meant to be like this and it certainly would have been better if it were nice and gooey. Overall, the tapas were fun to share and enjoyable. I can't comment on the cocktails or dessert, but this place certainly merits a visit with your group.  I would like to come back again.red snapper tacos are a 5 but the law of averages makes this place a 3. the service good, the music is loud, the drinks are strong, and the rest of the food is just ok. don't go here with anyone who you want to have a conversation with..If you are looking for a comfort food tapas restaurant, this is definitely your place.  Went with a group and were seated a few minutes after actual reservation time.  This place is very, very busy, but a great time.  There was nothing I did not like (that's saying a lot for me).  As others have mentioned the dumplings were to die for, the goat cheese/red pepper thing was scrumptious and the shrimps in the grits were huge.  Oh, the only thing I did not care for and thought was extremely overpriced was my one little grilled cheddar with fried green tomato slider.  The bread was too toasty and it was too big to enjoy in one bite, so I had to take it apart.  Other than that, great restaurant!  Service was also great and it was very much appreciated that they did not add in an automatic tip to our bill.  I hate when restaurants do that and will generally tip less than I would have on my own :)This place is good, but a little bit overrated.  I'd probably give it 3.5 stars if that were an option, but I don't think it deserves four.  The atmosphere is impressive...dark, chic, and trendy, but sometimes the music was a little too loud.  The staff isn't the friendliest.  The first time I went they tried to cram our group into a booth we clearly didn't fit into, and they were annoyed when we asked if we could pull up an additional chair.  The tapas were very good though (especially the meatballs and French onion soup dumplings), and I really wanted to like the place, so I came back for a second time.  This time, the hostesses were unfriendly to my guest and I.  The cauliflower soup amuse-bouche was a nice touch.  The blood orange-jalapeno margarita was average.  Most of the tapas were great, including the old school meatballs and the pizzetta with pancetta.  The chicken arepas were forgettable.  The place is also a bit overpriced.  I would still probably recommend it to people as a cool, trendy spot where you can bring out of town guests and try a bunch of different items, but I've had better experiences elsewhere.It was a tough call choosing between a three or four stars. The atmosphere would be a four, the food definitely a four, the noise level on a good day a three, and the speed of the meal not so great.  It is definitely a trendy spot. You walk in to a dimly lit atmosphere, surrounded by candles and good looking people. Right off the bat they introduce the type of service, continually bringing out each course, plate by plate. What they don't tell you is they are serving gourmet food at the speed of a fast food restaurant. Everything is delicious... The goat cheese perogies, the French onion soup dumplings, the red snapper tacos, the sliders, and the warm donuts....each and every plate offering exciting and new flavors.  The only problem is there rushing the next course down your throat right as your savoring the flavors of the previous course. I've been waiting to try this place for a while. But haven't made it this far downtown.  I finally went out of my way to check this place out and have exceptionally mixed reviews. The service is exceptional. You never have an empty plate in front of you, but they also don't leave the plate long enough to finish enjoying the dips and crumbs.  Don't get me wrong, I know one of the successful aspect of a great restaurant is making you want to come back for more but taking away my dish before I've finished eating is isn't exactly the best way to go about this. Honestly, what made me determine that I wasn't being over judgmental was when our third round of drinks were put down on the table, and the waiter asked if we wanted coffee UM HELLO would I be a ordering a $13 dirty martini if I wanted a cappuccino? I'm a big fan of a trendy tapas restaurant, which was exactly what I expected when I came to this joint and honestly its what I got, a delicious trendy restaurant.seriously every thing we tried was amazing!a chic and posh place to have drinks and small bites. their tapas are definitely on the smaller side compared to other tapas restaurants. of course get the french onion soup dumplings (pretty innovative). their sliders are good too. the place is very dark (i couldn't see what i was eating) and very loud (i could barely hear my friends). stanton social's location is the major plus side since you can continue the night and bar hop in LES afterwardsExcellent food and service, I definitely plan to come back when in NYI used to worry about "tapas" not being filling enough however it's really a psychological thing: although plates in tapas places tend to be pretty small, if you eat a few of them you end up full, it's a strange trick your mind plays on the tummy. The social is always fun  and i admit that i stayed away for a long time because it had a rep as a hipster haunt and that wasnt really the scene that i was looking for, mostly because I wasnt looking for anything remotely "sceney".. It seems now that the hipsters have moved on to the next thing that hipsters tend to embrace, service is usually very friendly and welcoming, food is always very tasty, french onion soup dumplings are something that should be experienced before one shuffles off this mortal coil!. Always a tasty cocktail, there is nothing that I can say other than Stanton Social is someplace that i always enjoy be it for dinner or most recently brunch. Good stuff mon!A pleasant surprise for a trendy place surrounded with as much hype as The Stanton Social. While the dining experience is pleasant, coming for a drink on a Saturday night is less enjoyable -- barely any breathing room at the tiny bar upstairs and really not much of a scene. But... back to the food! First of all, the Brooklyn Lemonade is delicious -- subtly sweet with ginger and cucumber infusion. The French onion soup dumplings really do live up to the hype, as do the potato goat cheese pierogies... the truffle creme fraiche is so good that I would easily eat it on its own! The warm piquillo pepper bruschetta is delicious.. thanks to the generous dollop of roasted garlic goat cheese (and what really isn't delicious with a dollop of goat cheese?) The Beef Wellington had a perfectly soft and flaky pastry. The only real disappointment was the pumpkin ravioli with a vanilla sauce that was exceedingly sweet and made it taste more like a dessert than tapas. Finally... dessert is worth the wait. The doughnuts are perfectly light and the caramel sauce is an excellent complement. The mint chocolate chip sundae is also divine if you are craving a sweet end to your meal.fun and sexy food!!! all plates are shareable!!! not cheap but really good food that's worth the money!!! make sure you get a reservation!!!Wonderful place, from food, to atmosphere, to service. Highly recommend.I really like this place. Sure, it is a bit too Gossip Girl inside, and you can barely hear what the person next to you is saying, but its a fun spot for a girls night out, where you want to hang out at the restaurant after, and for a fun bar-type place, the food really is very good. Recommend!I came here for a friend's birthday on a saturday night. We had a group of 20+ so we had a reservation for an area of the upstairs lounge area. The upstairs area is pretty small - one side has lounge sofas and tables, and the other side have regular dining tables that are placed very close to each other. The standing bar area was packed when we got there at 7:30pm and stay packed until the time we left at around 10:30pm. So it is important to make reservations if you want to sit down. The music is pretty loud - not loud enough so you have to speak directly into people's ears but loud enough that you have to lean forward and raise your voice - in all fine for our big group who are all in a celebratory mood and getting ready to go to a club afterwards but probably not great otherwise. The food is pretty decent, each portion I'd say is pretty substantial for tapas standard.  (The women in the group were happily stuffed but the guys can still go for more food after). We had the pierogies, souvlaki, tacos, shrimp, kobe beef sliders, quesadilla, lobster roll and a fig foie gras thing which might be a bday speical since i don't see it on the regular menu. All of these items are very nicely presented on dish, all tasted good but a bit too strongly seasoned. Of the bunch I'd say my favorites are the kobe beef sliders and the quesadilla. The items that made the most impression at the end of the night are the cocktails and the dessert. I had the strawberry fields and basil-lime gimlet and would have gone for another of the basil-lime gimlet. I was surprised that muddled basil can taste so good and refreshing in a cocktail without being to overpowering - highly recommend you to try it. I think about half of the group ended up ordering this drink. We had the donuts and Jaime's cookies for dessert and oh my gosh both were really delicious. The donuts were warm and the taste and texture reminded me of a Chinese dessert ( sa yung) I love growing up. The cookies were chewy and warm and was just a really great way to end the meal. Each of of ended up putting in about 100 bucks for the meal. I had a great time, but wouldn't have come here if it wasn't for the birthday celebration because of the price, loud music, and how crowded it was.This place was much better the first time I went.  Service was not as good as first time.  We felt rushed and two people that I was with did not feel very well after the red snapper tacos.  They weren't fresh and I'm glad I didn't try one. Don't think I'll be backVery unique dishes. Great for a first date. Definitely make a reservation. The french onion soup dumplings were very good. It's a good place to start before going out in the LES.This place could be hard to locate as there aren't too many signs outside. Made a reservation for 6 people on a Saturday night about 4-5 days we actually went there. The food was very good. We had to wait at the bar upstairs until they had the table ready. The place was buzzing with energy! Would definitely recommend.I recently went with a friend for dinner  and it was delicious- i will absolutely go back. I highly recommend the shrimp. The service was perfect, dark and romantic, didn't rush you out of dinner. it was dark and they play the music very loud but i loved it. it got really crowded by 9pm so I recommend going at 8:00 to get more attention while you can!Food and a sexy ass vibe. Love it. Small portions, so don't come hungry. It's a great place for snacking tapa styleChicken and Waffles!!! This was unbelievable! This was my first time going there so naturally let my girlfriend, the "yelping pro" research and decide what we should order. All day long she sent me photos of some of their plates with comments like, "We have to try this!". So we went on a random Wednesday night n made reservations (Def a must!) for 8:45. Once there we waited 45mins to be seated (with reservations), a bit annoying but we were compensated for the long wait with a free plate. So, we let it go rather quickly and continued with our night. We ordered a total of 3 plates along with the warm donuts for dessert and left feeling VERY satisfied. Of everything we ordered, the chicken and waffles were by far, my favorite dish of the night followed by the delicious red snapper tacos. The atmosphere was great, (choose to sit upstairs; if not the music will eventually seem to get louder and louder) people were very friendly and quick to suggest plates that they ordered and found to be amazing. This worked great since it was our first time there. Overall a wonderful night out at a great tapas restaurant that was unexpectedly crowded for a Wednesday night. Don't forget, MAKE RESERVATIONS!Great food and great ambiance and service. Each plate is rather small, so be ready to spend at least $50 to have just enough to eat. Likely the same in other good tapas places. Totally enjoyed the food.High on expectation, this restaurant didn't quite live up to the hype. Very good dishes, but for the price and the hurry-service, not worth the pain getting the reservation. Stand out dish was the tuna sashimi with avocado and jalapeno. Waiter was not knowledgable (or just difficult) about NY tap water.Amazing.  Unique, fun menu (french onion soup dumplings are the best), cool atmosphere, attractive and attentive service, awesome location, good cocktails and deserts.  The best food in the LES hands down.Ehh. I don't know what everyone raves about. I didn't think the French Onion Soup dumplings were that great...the Red Snapper Tacos were decent. I don't remember what I ordered exactly, but the dishes I liked the best were the baby spinach salad, and the chicken&waffles. The salad was amazing. It was topped with cheese and corn, nuts, I don't even know what was in there, but it was delicious and unique. The waffles were amazingly good as well. It blended in with the chicken perfectly.Our waitress was extremely friendly and nice. She continued checking back to make sure everything was alright. However, I felt that they were serving the dishes much too fast at one point. Before we were done with one dish, they had already brought out another two dishes. It annoyed me because there was no room on the table, and I wanted to enjoy the meal dish by dish. Also, I was celebrating my birthday. My friend got up and asked the waitress if she could arrange a dessert with a candle in it for my birthday. She said "sure, no problem!", and gave us warm donuts for some reason (which were pretty good, but weren't amazing..the caramel and strawberry sauces were too sweet, and the hot fudge tasted a bit funky). Later on, she brought out a cute little cupcake in a shot glass with a lit candle. That was cute and uncharged, but she charged us for the donuts for some reason, when we had never asked for it...Food overall was decent. Not the best, and definitely not worth the price. Place started getting crowded around 7:00 pm (I was there on a Saturday night with reservations for 6:45 pm). I don't think I'd go back.Saw this place on Food Network and had to try the french onion soup dumplings and wow they are awesome as well as the chipotle shrimp and all the other tapas they have. Love this place go eat!The Stanton Social is one of my favorite restaurants in NYC.  Try the french onion soup dumplings - awesome!A fun place with very good food.  We had a party of 6 and only 1 of the 8 things we tried was 'just OK', everything else was excellent.  A couple complimentary items were a nice touch.  The bill was less than we guessed.  It was very crowded the night we visited and the noise level was up there.Came here on a Saturday night with my husband and three other couples.  The atmosphere was just right for a bigger crowd-- loud and lively packed with gorgeous people- good music- awesome remixes of old favorites. Food was great- highly recommend the sliders and the onion soup dumplings.  Would definitely go back. Only complaint was the disgusting bathrooms- I know it's NYC but if you are going to charge those kinds of prices you owe our customers a clean bathroom.  I detracted a star they were so gross. AmateurSat with a large party in the upstairs lounge. Drinks were fantastic. We had a wide array of tapas. Food was a bit over-complicated which muddied the flavors but overall decent.Really good food. Nice atmosphere. Great for groups. May be a little too loud for a date. Expect to pay.You almost killed my friend. When a patron tells you she has a deathly food allergy, you must take all necessary steps to prevent her from eating it. And when you screw up you must profusely apologize. She prevented her own demise, but you were an epic fail by serving it to her. You are a Tasty restaurant if you can live to tell it. It shows a total disregard to the safety of your guests.I've been here twice now for dinner and once for drinks. The drinks are solid and the lounge area has a great vibe, although as my friends and I discussed it is more trendy than romantic. The food has been excellent both times that I've eaten there, but as a warning it is expensive and hard to leave full if you go in a big group and order family style. On my second visit, I came with a Giltcity deal for a 4-person tasting menu. For $35 a person, we had 9 courses including dessert. It was a ton of food and we left more than satisfied. I would definitely recommend coming in a smaller group of 4 or 5, as most of the dishes are easily split between that number of people. If you come with a larger group, however, it can become a bit of a free for all.So I went to this place not knowing that it is "the place to be" on the LES.  Let me tell you, I was happily surprised!  The staff were ALL very friendly, and helpful. And  NO, there was no preferential treatment for the beautiful people (and there were MANY)! We had no reservation and so we found seats in the lounge upstairs and we sat on cute couches with little tables.  As for the food:  WONDERFUL!!!  The dishes  made you feel special because you knew that someone did a lot of work in the kitchen just for you; no slapping it together here.  Price?  We shared 10 fantastic tapas, we were full, the bill was $81.00. Not bad for great food, I'd say.Go for brunch!!! Just do it, you won't be sorry. Our party of 5 was at least 15 minutes early for our reservation but they seated us right away! The server was excellent and she gave no attitude about us ordering only 5 plates. (We weren't that hungry actually but we wanted to try a few bites.) Cocktails are small and pricey so choose wisely. I was disappointed with the blood orange margarita. Not enough flavor, so skip that one. My husband's cucumber lemonade gin drink was great though. The main attraction (reason for coming) was the doughnuts. Amazingly light, melt in your mouth balls of heaven. GET THEM. I had asked the hostess to put a candle in them for my son's birthday. Instead, they brought him a complimentary root beer cupcake with a candle! No complaints about a free cupcake :) Only letdown was the disgusting bathroom. It was unisex and for 1 person. They keep it super dark in there, candlelit nightclub style, but the darkness cannot hide the filth. I can't imagine trying to keep a unisex 1 person bathroom clean with their kind of turnover. Next time, I will ask if there is another one upstairs maybe . . . Oh yes, there will be a next time!!!the tables are entirely too close together....ruins the atmosphere for me.  food is hit and miss.....the french onion soup bites are the best thing on the menu.  drinks are overpriced.  the neighborhood is definitely worth exploring before or after....instead of desert at Stanton Social, try to macaroon place next door.Thanks 2 my Hubby, we came here in celebration of my birthday & thoroughly enjoyed the food & experience - At first glance of the menu, we wanted to order the ENTIRE menu...:-) Without being able 2 do so, based upon all that we ordered, it was a DEFINITE DELICIOUS & YUMMY experience...I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND this restaurant & go back 2 try out the rest of their tapas...;-)!Went here in Feb. while on vacation. Dinner ended up being pretty expensive with the small plates (there were 9 of us) but it was great! The tuna tartar and goat cheese perogies and chicken arepas were the best things we had.This place is great for dinner if you're able to get a reservation ahead of time.  Fancy but fun, and delicious food! i'll be back.I had a 9:30 res and called earlier to see if I could push it to 10.  They said they could not so I was there at 9:30 and ended up waiting until 10:15.  Needless to say I was super annoyed, but as soon as we were seated they brought over complimentary apps.  Everyone from the manager to our server acknowledged and apologized and the service was super from the moment we were finally seated.  It made up for the whole snafu.  As always the food was great.Excellent! The food was delicious. My favorites: The sliders! There are the only thing in the menu that come just one per order.  We shared a few plates and all of them were good, except for the chicken waffle. The chicken was a little dry and rubbery. Other than that,  everything was great. The service is also good. Even though is pricey, its worth it.THEY ADD 20% TIP TO YOUR BILL AND DON'T TELL YOU!!!  The food is spectacular but trying to slip in the 20% tip of tables over 6 and not telling you is BS.I've been going to Stanton Social for years and it is still one of my favorites in NYC. The people are beautiful and the scene is energizing. Must have the soup dumplings, ravioli and the duck confit empanadas.One of the better Tapas places we've been to. This Lower East Side restaurant and bar seems very hip, based on not being able to get a table, and hanging out at the bar/lounge upstairs. The atmosphere is very cool, but it couldn't escape the typical bachelorette party crowd (condom veil and penis straws). Small plates were actually a good size, and good choices for my Vegetarian wife. Even though the prices are clearly on the menu, the bill was a shocker, for the 30 minutes we were there. Don't go without a reservation. You can't talk your way in :) Also our cute and peppy waitress gave us great ideas on how to continue the fun in the L.E.S.This place is nice but really over-hyped. The food is good, but I have had better elsewhere. We ordered French onion dumplings, these are way way over-rated, but at least the portion is sufficient, arepas--these were really good, but the servings were so skimpy, beef slider--my husband raved about this, frites--ok nothing spectacular, chicken spring rolls--definitely have had better. We ordered the doughnuts for dessert. These were really good, very light and fluffy--but I wouldnt go back for it. I am OK having dense doughnuts elsewhere. The drinks are watered down. I mean if you are charging $13 a pop atleast make a decent drink! we know ice has been discovered--you dont have to pound the table on it. Overall for the prices the serving size is abysmal. I would rather recommend Pipa or some other tapas place in the city. BTW this is more of a singles scene placeactually 4.5 stars! FINALLY came here after reading all the yelp reviews, and let me tell you this place was AMAZING. we called ahead for 11 pm, but were seated at 11:30 (thats why .5) less. the waitstaff was attractive and very friendly, the service was very fast once we sat down. lol the front of the house was a little snooty, but we did get a table eventually. the music is loud but good, and the restaurant itself its very chic and stylishly decorated!! My friends and I ordered calimari, crabcake corndogs, red snapper fish tacos, french onion soup dumplings, chicken and waffles, chicken spring rolls, lamb gyros, pierogies.the hits: pierogies (the sauce was amazing!!), calamari (this was the first time I had calamari it was spicy and crunchy. not chewy), fish tacos (spicy, good crunch) crabcake corndogs (yummy!!! nice mix of textures and presentation was super cute) so-so: french onion soup dumplings (all anyone could say was either "interesting" or wierd"), the chicken spring rolls - nothing to write home about.misses -(note: as the resident non-meater in my group of friends these reviews are from my friends) chicken and waffles, pieces were too think to eat, wierd sauce. and the lamb gyros were "too meaty" dessert- i really wanted dessert but we all were tooo full! when you order how the waitress tells you everone goes home with a full stomach. (for 4 girls 8 plates).definately going to try this place again BUT make an earlier reservation!!Took my parents here when they came in town for the weekend. Perfect place for parents, friends, or any other visiting guests!  The food is delicious (portions are pretty small but its tapas so that's expected), we ordered 5 dishes for the three of us which was the perfect amount. Will definitely be going back soon!Took friend for birthday,it was perfect! Great fun sharing small plates, service cordial and friendly. Can't wait to go backWas here for my sister's bachelorette party dinner.  Great service, amazing food, fantastic drinks, and all around great vibe.  The mac and cheese, red snapper tacos, and wild mushroom ravioli were phenomenal!  For dessert, milkshake shots are a must!ok so i'll be honest...never been here at night for drinks or the scene...BUT have been here for brunch SEVERAL times...and it's seriously one of the best places ive ever eaten...ever had a hard time deciding btn pancakes or eggs? well this place is the solution...i can say i have had everything on the brunch menu and everything is amazing...plus great champagne (bloody mary's not so good so avoid that) def gets the stars from mei mean, it IS the stanton social. what else do i have to say? let me preface this review by saying that i am highly biased to places that are trendy and exude all that defines NYC--amazing decor, unique cocktails, food that makes your mouth water days after, young 20-30s  crowd, and an experience that makes you feel like you're flying first class. reservations for dinner on a weekend need to be made far in advance--try 3 weeks to get a time between 7-9pm on a Friday or Saturday. before even sitting down, order the jalapeno margarita and the pineapple martini (don't forget to look around and realize that every girl at the restaurant has also ordered the pineapple martini). then the fun begins---the place is essentially a tapas restaurant. you order small appetizers (about 2-3 per person, 2 should be plenty if you are ordering drinks) and you fill up on a variety of food. if you only get one thing out of this review, it is that you MUST, i repeat MUST, order the french onion soup dumplings. imagine a bite of french onion soup in a savory little shell of cheese and bread and a crouton on top. yeah, i didn't think it could happen either. your next choice is obvious--chipotle grilled shrimp. i see people order shrimp cocktail and i always ask myself what IS the point? you can get shrimp cocktail anywhere. you can't get chipotle grilled shrimp made like this anywhere else. duck empanadas were okay --but the wasabi crusted salmon is perfection (it comes with soba noodles mmm). the best part is that the food comes 1-2 dishes at a time and you never feel rushed through your meal. the back wall of the restaurant is lined with wine bottles and a stair case that leads up to the upstairs lounge and restaurant. did i mention that this is a great date place? take your boyfriend or girlfriend, take a first date, and impress the hell out of the person you're with...not to mention great lounge music plays in the background so there is never that moment of awkward silence as you're eating dinner. finish off your dinner with a little moscato after dinner wine or just head upstairs to the lounge to top off a glam lower east side experience.I've been to Stanton Social a few times and love the food.  The options they offer are amazing I recommend French Onion Soup Dumplings, the SLIDERS, Mac & cheese, and the meatballs.  I recently went to Stanton Social back in February and since then I have not been back because of the wait staff.  I purchased a Gilt voucher for Brunch and my party had not arrived so we were sent upstairs to the bar by the hostess.  The hostess said prior to us walking up to help ourselves to coffee and tea.  When we arrived upstairs there was a coffee and tea station set up on the bar.  So we walked over and poured ourselves tea and coffee all of a sudden a waitress comes over to us and with an attitude "excuse me are you with the parties seated?"  My friend and I said no the hostess sent us up to wait for the rest of our party. The waitress immediately gives us a dirty look and walks to the bartender and he comes over to us with an attitude and says "glad you helped yourself to coffee".  At this point not only am I mortified but how dare you patronize me and learn some manners.  He walks back to the waitress and they stand at the left hand corner of the bar staring and giggling at my friend and I.  They treated us like we were low class individuals.  I had two sips of the coffee and I pushed it away and the bartender comes back to my friend and I and he says "oh all done? no more?"  Who says that to paying customers.  Thankfully my friends arrived in time because I would have called him out on his ill mannered behavior.  My advice to Stanton Social - learn to hire staff with manners, and know how to grin and bear it.I am a huge fan of the food network and really wanted to try this place out when I heard that Chris Santos was the executive chef - he is always such a tough critic on Chopped so I wanted to see what he had to offer! We went for brunch and the food was all absolutely delicious, beautifully plated and served in a timely manner. Our waitress was very nice and we never had a dirty plate for too long because there was always someone there to give us a new one without us having to ask. We had the Goat Cheese & Potato Perogis (AMAZING with the truffle sauce), the red snapper tacos, the french onion soup dumplings, scrambled egg bruschetta, chicken and waffles (my least favorite) and the chilequiles along with the pomegranate peach bellini which was fantastic. We also had the donuts for dessert and they were perfect and fluffy! The vibe of the restaurant is very soothing and chic and the music is just the right volume that you can talk to each other across the table without yelling. My only real complaint is that it was veryyy pricey. Everything was got was a small plate to be shared and the bill came out to over $200! Other than that it was delish! I guess you have the right to be a tough critic Chef Santos ;)+.5 for atmosphere. its a different experience here...sort of like shared plates...kind of like tapas.  the plates come with bite-sized morsels. they recommend 2-3 plates per person (each plate ranges from 10-20 bucks) we ordered:  french onion soup dumplings, spring rolls, red snapper tacos, hanger steak, pierogies, red velvet twinkie, doughnuts.  the french onion soup dumplings were definitely the highlight...we were all scraping for the drizzled left over cheese.  the spring rolls were nothing special.  red snapper tacos were alright...i didnt like the sauce so much, but it pleased my friends' palate. the steak was the 2nd best dish...delish meat. the pierogies were also very good. as for desserts, the red velvet twinkie was nothing special...but the doughnuts were tasty..came out warm, and with 3 dipping sauces. trendy place with a different dinner experience, and the 3 of us left all satisfied.  a fun place to try once, and they definitely have a very extensive menu filled with a variety of things to try, but i dont think the food is amazing enough to pay the price for a second visit unless it was a special occasion.great american tapas for a special night out....the social mac and cheese with poblano and spicy chorizo was one of the best mac and cheeses i ever had....other favorites included the chicken arepas, the goat cheese pierogies, wok charred edamame, and the red snapper tacos....only dish we thought was subpar was the crab corn dogs which were too gooey ......service was excellent and each dish came out immediately after the other....will be backWent here for my birthday on a Wednesday night, and was seated promptly for our 730 reservation.  This was my first time here and the place was packed.  The atmosphere was great, dim lights, and everyone in the restaurant seemed to either be on a date or enjoying a good meal with a group of friends.  My only knock on the place was that the tables were pretty much on top of each other, not much room for privacy or to get up from your seat.  So i'd keep your convos PG if you don't want the people next to you to listen in.  The food was amazing, I'd recommend the French Onion Dumplings, the Red Snapper Tacos, the Tuna Tartar Roll, and the Kobe Slider(the slider was much bigger than I had anticipated).  Its a pretty pricey meal, but I assume if you cut out the bottles of wine, its pretty reasonably priced for the quality of food that you get.  I would definitely come back here again either with a date or with a large group of friendsWe came back to the Stanton Social after a great meal and experience a few years back.  Completely changed however.  We were hearded to the upstairs "bar" to wait even though we had a reservation.  Once up there, the hostess came up to us and asked if we had a reservation.  When re replied we did indeed she told us we had to eat in the "bar" anyway which had suddenly become an extension of the restaurant.  It was so dark and so loud (and I usually like that) but here the music seemed to playing the same song over and over again. She told us to sit down or we would not get our meal for at least 30-45 minutes.  She was incredibly rude.  Then our waitress came to our table and the first question she asked was, " Have you been here before?"  When we answered yes, she seemd incredibly shocked and said we were the first in a long time.  She then proceeded to serve us warm white wine and kept trying to get us to order all of our items at the same time all the while guaranteeing us they would not all arrive at the same time.  Guess what?  All came at the same time!  When she looked over because she did not want to come back to our table, I said, "see--everything is here at the same time."  She then said that happens sometime.  Jeez..  My husband was dying for the doughnuts but I could not wait to get out of here.  We go out a lot and were on vacay in NYC where we ate at several other exceptional restaurants with exceptional service. Came back here after a good visit but will never come back here again!  Not even if it is free! NOT EVER!!!  SORRY CHRIS SANTOS.As a dining Event Planner, my New York City and Long Island group and I found Stanton and its management despicable. Worst experience of our dining lives.  Even my New York City attendees were furious about the rude, unprofessional treatment in this place. Too bad, we read good reviews, but they certainly did not live up to them for our group of young professionals.  And if u are looking for a pleasant dining experience, don't even think about eating here. Painfully deafening loud blaring music, crowded with shouting people who had too much to drink, extremely rude manager who does not care about guests, rushed service to push u out of restaurant while u are still eating, way too expensive for what they serve, table and chairs constantly bumped into by passing waiters and diners without comment or apology, and those were the BEST parts of this absolutely miserable dining experience.  Event Planners, Hotel Concierges, groups, and anyone looking for a pleasant dining experience:  BEWARE - Avoid this rude, unpleasant, loud bar hall.fun placeWe waited 45 minutes for a reservation on a wednesday night.  We really didn't think it was that big of a deal because there was a bar upstairs, but she kept saying they would come upstairs and get us and never did. So we walked downstairs and she said, "if you stay down here, you will get a table quicker." So we sat there and watched a couple sit down that came in after us at a four top. They kept telling us that they were waiting on a table to get up for us, but we ended up sitting at a table that had been open for 20 minutes. Then, they tried to put us in a small corner. Where we basically had to crawl under the table to sit down. Once we got to a new table, my sister and I ordered two totally different beers that tasted like water. There is no doubt that they put water  in them. I guess they were mad that they had to move us? The waitress was rude and it took her forever to bring us our drinks. The manager came and talked to us but he was very rude to my mother, sister, and I. I am very sad because I was so excited about trying out this restaurant. I have NEVER given a restaurant 1 star (except when my husband got food poisoning).i saw this place on the food network channel so i wanted to try it out. this place is very hip and trendy. you must make a reservation b/c it can get very busy. if you dont make one...thats okay...they have a bar part upstairs. we ordered the french dumpling, red snapper tacos, potato and goat cheese pierogies, two drinks, and chai creme brulee. bill came out to $100 (includes tax and tips).  we were still hungry! portions were bite size.i went by myself.  this is a weird place to go eat by yourself, since the plates are meant to be shared.  i had a bloody mary, which was good, and the french onion soup dumplings, which were fine but overrated.very pretentious and uncomfortable setting - the plates barely fit on the tiny little table that was meant for one candle and maybe a cocktail - if there were a shit hole for famous people that would be it and if that is tapas then i have 10 inchesi've been here a couple of times and their pretty busy. the restaurant does not seat incomplete parties so make sure your friends are not late because if you make a reservation they give you two hours to dine so for every minute your late it eats into your dining experience. their cocktails are okay but desserts are really really good. try to warm donuts and 90-proof milkshake shot. as for their entrees it goes 50/50 you have to know what to get because not everything on the menu is goood. 1. french onion soup dumplings 2. beef carpaccio 3. littlenecks on the half shell 4. red snapper tacos 5. hudson valley foie gras 6. kobe beef burgeri've been here with friends for brunch. we've always had a fantastic time, a table can be hard to come by so be sure to make a reservation. the drinks are great, the food is small plates so its fun to try a bunch of things after a night of going out. the plates are brought out as they are made so be sure to order as sharing plates rather than per person plates. i'd definitely recommend for brunch for a fun place to catch up with friends.nice music..and good food..!While I thought the food wasn't bad, i lost my voice by the end of the 1.5 hour meal because the damn music was so loud that I had to yell and it was just the 2 of us at the table.  BTW- went to karoake and sang for 2+ hours and didn't lose my voice.  Also, for a good amount of seating, what the hell is up with the ONE bathroom - not one for women and one for men, just ONE.  Maybe they should remove those stupid round banquets taht no one likes and put in another bathroom.  And I thought that the food kept comign out too quickly.  By the time we tried the french soup dumplings, it was cold and not that good.  Onto the food:  dumplings - okay - i think I prefer the soup more.  Kobe burger mini (yes 1) - it was good but not mind blowing, the Kobe Philly - this was great cuz it had truffle.  Octopus - too salty.  Roasted beets with goat cheese - yum.  Red snapper tacos - good.  Short rib tacos - not tender enough but flavorful.  Dessert:  Guiness Toffee cake - the bialeys ice cream on top was the bomb!  Donuts - it was only okay - they were light but nothign special.  Overall, it was a decent meal and I have to say the prices were not that bad - it's NYC!  Just the noise level....ugh.  The good thing too was that it was right next to Bisous ciao so you can always grab dessert there.I saw the Stanton Social on The Best Thing I Ever Ate - Appetizers.  I knew when I went to NY I was going to try the French Onion Soup Dumplings.  After reading many of the reviews, we decided to go.  This restaurant is a very chic New York style restaurant.  It has a bar on the upper floors.  We didn't go upstairs, so I'm, not sure what it was like.  There was not a lot of seating on the first floor.  The tables are very close together.  Don't let this deter you from going.  When you sit down they bring you a complimentary cup of tequila infused gazpacho soup. It was different, but good.  The food was amazing and the drinks were even better than the food.  Starting with the food...   They serve a tapas menu.  Entrees are about six bites a piece.  We ordered the French Onion Soup Dumplings.  They were as delicious as they looked on TV.  They are individual french onion soup bites with lots of cheese.  We also ordered red snapper tacos, chicken and waffles and miso glazed mushrooms.  For the two of us we started with three items and then ordered one more after we finished the first three.  They bring your items one at a time, so ordering one later worked out perfectly.  We finished off our meal with one of the 90-proof milkshake shots.  Now for the drinks... You have to order the Strawberry Fields drink.  You won't be disappointed.  It was wonderful.  My husband ordered the pineapple martini and the Basil-lime Gimlet.  The basil-lime was good, but you have to really like basil.  The pineapple martini was very refreshing.  The drinks are really strong.  As the other review said, "If you come out full you know you spent a lot of money."  We were stuffed, so we spent lots of money.  It was worth every penny.  We will definitely go back when we visit New York again and will recommend it to all of our friends.Went here for a birthday dinner on a Thursday night.  We were seated early, no waiting (but had a 6PM reservation on a rainy day so that might have something to do with it).  Ordered the french onion dumplings, kobe beef sliders, lobster roll, red snapper tacos, beef wellington and shrimp & grits.  So the ambiance was definitely 5 stars, the service 5 stars, and the food while overall was delicious was somewhat inconsistent.  Our favorite, by far, was the kobe beef sliders, absolutely melt in your mouth delicious.  The lobster roll was also very good.  The fish tacos, while slightly spicier than I could handle, were very good.  The french onion dumplings, were good but not AMAZING as I would have expected after hearing such good things from friends.  Perhaps it was my high expectations or the fact we're french onion soup snobs...but the flavor had a tad too much of a sherry wine taste I think.  It was good, but not out of this world as I expected.  The beef wellington....I would skip it here.  For $22 the portion is rather small and the meat was pretty tough (probably b/c of the portion size and cooking time), the pastry that accompanied it however was very good.  Finally the shrimp & grits, VERY spicy.  I asked the waiter if the creole sauce that came with it was spicy and he said it wasn't too spicy, well this is obviously up to each person's spice meter, since I know I'm a wuss with spicy foods, but even my husband who loves spicy foods that it was pretty hot.  So my advice is don't order it if you know you can't handle spicy stuff because contrary to what our waiter thought it was definitely hot!!  We also ordered the donuts for dessert, which were delicious.  Overall, I'd definitely return, but would stick with the sliders section of the menu as those kobe beef sliders were insane!Pretty disappointing... For all the hype around this "celebrity chef" helmed establishment I felt the meal came up short, especially considering the price. The staff was quite friendly, but the service itself was very rushed. I was advised by the waitress to order 5-6 dishes for two (which I did), and was told that the service would be staggered. Not so, all 5 dishes were served within a 15 period, and dishes 1-2 & 3-4 came out simultaneously. If you really have your heart set on this place my advice would be order each dish individually. The big disappointment was the chicken & waffles. The waffle itself was disgusting, a doughy mushy mess. It actually represented the exact opposite of what a good waffle should be - a crisp exterior with a light fluffy interior. Eggo does a better job! The chicken was on the dry side and had soggy skin. Now I am not a chef nor a professional food critic, but if you can't put out a passable waffle and piece of chicken in the first place, you have no business reinventing a classic. I'm sick of novelty food!