My father-in-law travels to Chicago frequently for work, and he has been raving about Portillo's for years.  I was pleasantly surprised to discover that it was just down the block from my hotel during a July 2014 trip with my friend and our moms.We came here for a late night snack following a concert.  The service was fast, the food was inexpensive, and our bellies were happy.  Portillo's knows how to dress up a hot dog.Great anytime food, but also really amazing drunk food.Okay do this place cane highly recommended for their beef sandwiches and hot dogs and I can see why. When you enter they have large menu boards posted and depending on what you are getting you get in that line which expedited the process. If line gets too long they open another one in your area and someone comes along and starts taking your order writing it on your take out bag. Service is quick and friendly.Food was yummy. Tables outside, inside, out back and upstairs so lots of seating.Condiment bar would be my one negative as it should have plastic ware, mustard, mayo etc and it only had ketchup and napkins.The hit dogs were excellent and the ribs juicy and tender. Prices are phenomenal and for 3 people and $30 you cannot finish all the good.Definitely will be back here again when in Chicago to try some of their other well known food items and hope they are as good.Don't expect a fancy dining experience but if looking for some local comfort food this is the spot.In this retro marketplace-like interior, Portillo's is a great place to hang out with friends or take someone on a casual date! Of course, what's even more awesome about this place is the famous Chicago hot dog.This was my first place where I have my first Chicago hot dog, and I was not disappointed! Even though the line was a bit lengthy at first, I reached the counter quickly and got my hot dog after only a short period of wait since ordering. Portillo's classic jumbo hot dog comes with more toppings such as onions and pickles, so it was deceptively filling. Even if you are in Chicago for a bit, I highly recommend you going to Portillo's to get a hot dog! Both the food and the decor are worth the trip.This is my favorite hot dog place to go in the city.However, they have everything. Wine, salads, pasta, pizza, etc. And you can even order spaghetti at the drive-thru.The service is quick and they always have an employee who shouts and rhymes your number out when your food is ready.The first time I came here was in the summer time and it had at least 200+ people jam packed but the next time I came hardly anyone was there, so seasons do matter here.I usually get the chicago dog and the chili cheese dog, but chili cheese dog is better.I've also tried their cheeseburger once and it was amazing just like everything else.My boyfriend and dad love the italian beef sandwich too.After the debacle that was Hot Doug's I was still in search of an awesome dog.  I was told come here for the actual italian beef instead of the dogs.  So we opted for one of their combo beef and char grilled sausage.  This was a good choice because you get the best of both worlds.  You get a grilled sausage topped with their famous chopped beef.  We also got a beef n cheddar croissant, which was their famous beef on a croissant instead of the traditional bread.  You also have the choice of hot or sweet peppers.  I had one of each on the sandwiches, and my personal preference was the sweet peppers.I must say this place is ran very efficiently.  They have multiple stations inside this building that you can get just about anything from hotdogs to pasta.  You get your food fast and it's very affordable.  I was not blown away by the sandwich, but I did enjoy the fact that it was quality food, fast, at a fair price.ATTENTION OUT-OF-TOWNERS OR CHICAGO NEWBIES: If you only have one meal to spare in Chicago, visit Portillos. Walk calmly to the back and order everything your heart desires. DO NOT SKIMP OUT, this place is cheap and worth every penny. What to order:Anything, but these are my favs:Italian beef (order it extra hot if you're feelin' frisky)Breaded chicken sandwich - I don't know how they made a simple chicken sandwich taste so fing amazing, but they did. It's quite an experience. Much like the cheese sauce..Chopped salad Cheese fries - my god the cheese is comparable to the high of crack cocaine. What to bring:Chicago attitude - staff can be rude, you must stay strong!Large, comfy clothes - it's time to unbuckle that belt.What not to bring:KetchupPeople that want to share stuff with youSmall children (you will be too busy devouring to watch them)NOW GO!Keep it simple and order the Chicago Beef Hotdog and cheese fries if you're order for the first time!!! Get it! You'll love it! You will not be disappointed BEST HOT DOG I've had by far! If I ever visited Chicago again, I will definitely be back :)I will try the Buena Park Portillo's location in California soon! I hope this location will taste the same !:)Came here straight from the airport on July 4th and tried their famous Chicago beef hotdog, their cheese fries and their chocolate cake shake.The hot dog came w/ a poppy seed bun, but honestly I don't think the bun was a game changer. The hotdog size is quite small, but at a little less than $3, it is not a bad deal! Also comes with house relish, onion, cherry pepper and a pickle! The pickle is quite large. I wasn't sure if you are supposed to eat it as a topping, but I ate it separately.Cheese fries are mediocre, not really sure what other people are raving about. The cheese is a cheese whiz sauce that comes on the side for dipping.Chocolate cake shake is definitely something different. It's on the really sweet side and feels like sipping up an extremely moist chocolate cake with a lot of ice cream. Emphasis on the cake over the shake. Overall, good experience! and Happy Fourth!Stopped in for lunch with my wife. Place was packed. Lots to choose from. Chicago style dogs, Italian beef, pizza, pasta and more. Order at a counter and then wait for number to be called. Cafeteria style seating. You will get cozy with somebody. Hot dogs were good but the icing on the lunch was the chocolate cake shake. Crumbled chocolate cake blended in a shake and man was it tasty. This is definitely a go to place in my book. Even if it is just to check out th decor.To celebrate our one-year-of-living-in-Chicago anniversary, we took my fiancé to Portillo's today, which made him an official resident of the city. What's not to love? Consistently delish Chicago dogs, Italian beef, burgers, fries, and shakes at a loveable low price. We're going to add this as a must go to place for out of town guests to get some of the Windy City staples.Outside of NYC, I probably won't have a hot dog anywhere else. Our first stop was Portillos. Love the atmosphere in there. Line of cooks and cashiers and the lady calling out your number and rhyming everything was a nice touch. I loved that. On to the dogs. I am not a fan of mustard in my hotdogs but something about Chicago style hot dogs I absolutely loved. The same goes for the polish and italian sausage. I could've eaten a bucketful of giardiniera all by myself.Whenever I'm in Chicago I always stop to my favorite restaurantAwesome food great service great atmosphere. Definitely will get a bang for your bucks. Won't be the last time I come in.HOT DOGS!! CHEESE FRIES!! Yes, PLEASE!! I love this place... very efficient service, long lines but they do reallllly fast and the food is always fresh and hot.  You can't go wrong with anything on the menu, really!  I've had cheeseburgers, hot dogs, beef sandwiches, chopped salad, chocolate cake, pasta, and the list goes on.  So amazing!My expectations were mixed upon my arrival here after hearing some really negative things about their Chicago dogs from a friend. First, I didn't do much research about the restaurant (other than the fact it's a must visit) and didn't realize it was actually a sit-in cafeteria style restaurant. You order your food and then just find a seat somewhere inside. The restaurant is big so it's easy to find a seat and it's also nicely decorated. The decor really gives it a Chicago feel with the sports banners, photos and lit up neon signs.Second, the restaurant is more than just about hot dogs. They serve hot dogs, sandwiches, burgers, salads and drinks (smoothies, shakes, malts) and each type of food has a wide selection! I really wished I had a bigger appetite when I was there because they had quite a few attractive sounding items I wanted to try!The only item I did try though was the Hot Dog (Chicago Dog) because it's supposed to be the rave. My friend, who warned me about Portillo's, was right in that their poppy seed hot dog bun was a bit soggy, but that's expected since they state it's a steamed bun. I didn't mind the little bit of sogginess at all. The hot dog exceeded my expectations because it was actually really good and it seemed like your typical classic Chicago Dog with the mustard, relish, onions tomatoes, sport peppers and pickle. I can't say it was spectacular, but it hit the spot for what it was worth. It was what it was, a hot dog with lots of toppings.Food is good, but the experience really sucks. It's very chaotic, and despite that, the staff isn't helpful... Actually they're kind of rude. eating here is kind of gross: it's dark, crowded, and the tables are all dirty. In fact, everything feels a little sticky here.Again, food is good. The Chicago dog is tasty, and the chili dog is good too. Fries are okay also.This was my first time at Portillo's and I finally feel like I can consider myself a true Chicagoean. The Italian beef was good, the milkshake was mouthwatering, and watching my friend eat the burger made me wish I was hungry enough to have two dinners. Very reasonably priced as well.Portillo's is decent. Not great food, not terrible food, but very affordable. It's the kinda place I'd bring friends and tell them we're there because it's a "famous" place in Chicago, but in reality we're there because we splurged too much on food elsewhere and I'm mandating a temporary spending break.I used to think the chocolate cake from here was amazing, but had the wool lifted from my eyes during my last visit. It seems that my taste in chocolate cake has grown more sophisticated, but the cake has a grocery-store-bakery thing going on now.This is a great option to get good food at a decent price.During a recent trip to Chicago, I actually visited this place twice!The first time I walked in, I kinda looked around in awe trying to figure out which counter was the right one to order at.  Once I figured it out, I got in line and gave my order to the guy writing down people's culinary desires on the back of a paper bag.  I underestimated his system, because it was actually a great idea to take people's orders while they're standing in line, rather than the typical traffic jam of everyone waiting behind those special individuals who inevitably get to the front of lines at fast food joints and suddenly act like they didn't know they were in a restaurant and seem like they are reading a menu for the first time in their lives.  With that aspect eliminated, we moved through the line quickly and paid at the front with no incidents.The orders came through very quickly, so it didn't take long to hear my number called.  I couldn't wait to have a great Italian beef sandwich!I was not disappointed.  It was so sinfully delicious.  This was a few weeks ago, and I still have dreams about it that pepper-laden meat bouquet.My girlfriend had a hotdog, and seemed to like it okay.  She likes her hotdogs as plain as possible, though, so there's only so far a plain hot dog can taste before it hits a ceiling.I thought about writing about how the restaurant is decorated, but I don't have it in me to write that much about it.  I guess I'm just lazy.  Let's just say it's over-the-top and quite a lot for your eyes to fully absorb.Our second trip here was to pick up a carry out order to bring back to the hotel room.  This time, we both got cheeseburgers.  I had read some write-up someone had done about some of the most underrated cheeseburgers in Chicago, and these made the list.Again, when I entered the restaurant, I had no idea which counter would have my food ready for me.  I stood near the counter where they hand out the food, but after waiting for awhile watching order after order go by, I decided to finally ask where my food was, and they pointed me in the direction of "the bar."  The bar was just another counter off to the side, and no one was even manning that counter.  So I stood there looking as helpless as possible until someone finally noticed me after a few minutes and came to that counter to talk to me.  I guess they must not do carry out orders often, because then it took a few minutes for them to track down my food.  The first person who tried to help me had to fetch a second person to find it.  Oddly enough, my food was where all carry out orders sit, which was closer to the counter I was originally at.  And they needed two people to figure that out.  Huh?Anyhow, on to the burgers... they were about as generic as charbroiled burgers come.  Basically tasted like a Whopper at Burger King, but perhaps a few notches better with fresher ingredients.  I love a great burger, so for this to be listed as an underrated burger is pretty sad for whoever crafted that list.  It was still a good meal, though, so I can't complain about that.Overall, I recommend Portillo's for their Italian beef sandwiches alone, especially if you're from out of town.  I realize that Chicago natives with a fine-tuned palate for good Italian beef sandwiches will argue where these rank in the large list of local eateries that offer this delicacy, but for my out-of-towner taste buds, they worked just fine for me.Yea it's great food but don't come if you want a stress-free dining experience. After hunting 20 minutes for a table, and waiting in a mass of humanity for your order, defending your table and chairs from envious customers holding their trays, and then finding out they shorted your order - it can be a very high stress meal.GREAT Food, Great Service, Excellent Prices. If I could stuff myself with every single item offered on the menu while my visit here- I would. The servings are HUGE and packed with flavor. Forget about your calorie count diet, indulge yourself and don't forget, the chocolate cake is excellent!Okay, so first off.If you are a vegetarian, don't go to this place and then complain, this place is known for italian BEEFS and BEEF hot dogs. You are just wasting your time. Same goes if you are looking for something healthy. Portillos does not have health food, nor have they ever claimed to. Past that, the hot dogs at portillos are pretty much average in all honestly. They are just a plain jane Chicago dog. There are much better in Chicago and you defiantly shouldn't base a Chicago dog off portillos. The Italians beefs there however are absolutely incredible and worth every penny.  For the price it's close to the top in the city. That's what about everyone I know goes to portillos for. The name is a bit misleading.Nastiest hot dogs in LA! Poor quality, cheap, lips and anuses, SERIOUSLY. Don't bother waiting in line. You're better off picking some up at the grocery store, even the bacon-wrapped hot dogs on Hollywood Blvd are better. Yuck.The best dogs and beefs in IL . Nothing like it where we live... Fl.  Cold beer and excellent service. Eat there every-time we come to Chicago .  Build one in Tampa!!YUM ! Must taste in chicago !Pretty darn good fast food. Open kitchen. A cut above the McDonald's and Wendy's of the world.Yes, it's true! I just had my first Portillo's experience, but don't judge me! I'm new to the city, and thought I was doing myself a favor by avoiding the local chains. But I was wrong, and I apologize.The Chicago dog is exactly perfect. I've had enough of these bad boys in my life to understand the importance of the right balance of toppings. Of course, Portillo's has you covered in this department.The Italian beef? Also perfectly filled with all of the classic flavors and textures. If this is fast food, I need to rethink my judgement of the industry.Every city in America deserves a Portillo's. Mayor Rahm Emanuel should make this a key part of his re-election campaign. Getting a Portillo's in every major market in the US would do wonders for the City of Chicago's tourism efforts.I'd heard a ton about the Cake Shake, but I didn't see what the big deal was, honestly.  It just wasn't very good...the ice cream wasn't great quality and the cake got lost in the mixing process and tasted very much like a store bought cake from a local grocery and not a quality cake from a local bakery.I'd go back to Portillo's and try any of the other menu items since everything did look/sound really good...I'd even try their cake since it's supposed to be "world famous", but I won't go back for the Cake Shake.Never tried Chicago Hotdogs before I came to this place. I never knew Chicago style hotdogs were soo refreshing!!! It's way better than NY style dogs! The texture of the hotdogs and the pickles just came together. It was chewy with a crunch. All the flavors played together soo well! I totally recommend this place!!! Oh and i forgot to mention the cheesy fries...omg..it was loveeeeeee at first bite!! Just get it...no questions ask!!How do I start, we went all out and got their hot dog with everything and their italian beef sandwich. Both were amazing creations that just did a little dance in your mouth every time you took a bit. Anybody traveling to the area should have lunch or dinner here at least once.Despite the fact that you and your order are processed as much as the hot dogs, I will still recommend this place.  We had hot dogs, fries, and onion rings, and all were very good and reasonably priced.  It's worth the trip.There are so many high quality restaurants in Chicago but this one stands out as one of the bang for the buck type places.  The rock and roll McDonald's which is across the street basically a museum or a family version of the Hard Rock but with the ubiquitous McDonald's standard fast food.  Portillo's while having burgers, fries, dogs, salad, other Italian type fare and beer is a MUCH better alternative if you're willing to spend a little more money because that McDonald's is what it is and the prices there might as well be 20 years in the future inflation adjusted.Portillo's has a line that moves pretty fast.  You're best to know what you want get your seats and send up one or two people to handle the food as this place can get crazy busy at times.  I can't remember if they actually have somebody marshalling the customers to tables or not but they do have outdoor seating as well.There are different lines for the dogs/burgers, salad/Italian, beer etc so it's almost like a food court.The burgers are really good considering it's not really their specialty.  The hot dogs are probably what makes them who they are in my opinion.  Hot dogs are hot dogs sure but they use Vienna products which are what is considered one of the official Chicago dog suppliers.  The dogs are beef, the relish is neon and they use serrano "sport" peppers on each Chicago dog.If you haven't had a Chicago dog before they are fabulous.  They have almost condiment you can think of except ketchup:Onions, neon relish (no mustard sweet, not that sweet), sport peppers (serrano), long quarter sliced pickles, tomatoes, mustard, dash of celery salt.  It is a great combo!They also have what they refer to as "Italian beef" which is like a juicy sliced beef type sandwich.  I really don't know what to compare it to because as far as Italian goes I've never really seen it outside of Chicago.  There is a place down the street across the street from Ed Debevec's that sells them too.Overall their food is good old American food, definitely a Chicago thing and considering it is a chain, this particular restaurant stands out for them since it is downtown and well exposed in a more open area pedestrian friendly part of the city where many restaurants are (Ontario/Ohio areas)I will always visit Portillo's given the chance.  Their food is good value and good quality for the money and you get to have a little taste of Chicago as well.This was my first visit to the "main" Portillo's in downtown Chicago.  I've hit a couple of them in the suburbs before and you can count on them for a consistently good italian beef sandwich.  Portillo's is also one of the few places in the world where I'll order a hot dog.Portions are large (hey, it's Chicago) and the food is tasty.  If you're looking for some good, simple food, you can't really go wrong here.Kind of cool decor, but very touristy. Also, it was very fast-food-themed. The food itself wasn't too bad, but wasn't anything to write home about, either. Probably won't be back anytime in the near future.Chicago wouldn't be Chicago without a trip to any hot dog stand. My friends told me to not just stop at a Chicago style dog, but also get the Italian sausage. The Italian sausage was a bit underwhelming, but the Chicago dog & cheeses fries made up for it. Portillos is pretty close to Michigan Ave, so beware of the tourists. If you're coming for the lunch hour, be sure to get in before 12:15 or the line will be lengthy.Went out of my way to visit here based on recommendation and received a lot of perhaps touristy hype, but some locals even pushed it.   But I think I may have gotten the "over-hype" disappointment from here.  Had the chicago hot dog with everything and it was good, but maybe was expecting more.  It's the toppings that make the difference and they were good, but I just wasn't able to discern such a huge difference from others.  Blame it on my inexperienced palette then.  Affordable prices (see picture of menu) and they do have many other things on the menu. Draft beers can be had just to the side of the main cashier.  I'd come back to visit for more of a well rounded view and sampling.Four years have passed since my first visit here and my original three star review. I'm back in Chicago again, this time with family in tow. We come to Portillo's, order, sit down and, only then, do I remember that I once wrote a review here. Damn it all, looks like I didn't think much of their Italian Beef sandwich. Guess what I ordered this time? Yep! I'm an idiot, destined to repeat my own mistakes from my own history, it seems. Well, luckily, this time I ordered the standard Italian Beef, not the version on a crappy croissant. Also, I ordered it with both sweet and spicy peppers + mozz. Maybe it was those differences, or maybe my palate is numbed and wearied by my advancing age or maybe we hit Portillo's on a good day, but, whatever the reason, that was a much better sandwich than before. It was a big, damp mess, but tasted good and was satisfying. The wife got a chili dog, the kid got a plain dog and a shake, and we all got fries. These things were all average and unremarkable. That's a problem for a hotdog-fries-shakes place. In the end, I'm glad I didn't heed my own advice to get a hotdog. In the end, I find that my original three star rating accurately reflects an average restaurant in a city with much better offerings. In the end, I hope I don't find myself back here in another few years.My first time to Chicago & went here. Had the iconic Chicago dog ... Beef & peppers. Nothing short of great. After a long flight was still hungry. Tried the beef dip with sweet & hot peppers. This is a great stop!!!This is the first place I go for a Chicago dog and an Italian beef whenever I'm Chicago.  The wife and I were in town for our anniversary, and within an hour of checking into our hotel, we were already headed to Portillo's.  I always get my dog charred, so it takes a little longer, but it's so worth the wait.  And I have 5 words for dessert - Get the chocolate cake shake!Holy crap.  Three days later i'm still full!  I got the Polish dog and fries.. could barely finish it all.  Loved the theme and decorations everywhere plus the separate beer line.  It was neat that they had a little bit of everything to choose from, not just hot dogs.  My vegetarian friend had a bunch of options.  We were told this was a Chicago staple that we had to try at least once and I know why!Holy crap.  Three days later i'm still full!  I got the Polish dog and fries.. could barely finish it all.  Loved the theme and decorations everywhere plus the separate beer line.  It was neat that they had a little bit of everything to choose from, not just hot dogs.  My vegetarian friend had a bunch of options.  We were told this was a Chicago staple that we had to try at least once and I know why!Ah, Portillo's. Or as I like to call it, The Varsity of the north (I'm from Atlanta). My wife swears by this place, but the food does not justify the touristy, chaotic vibe in my eyes. Skip this packaged Chicago hot dog venue and look for a smaller joint for a more authentic experience.Do you like strict and rude service? Then you're in the right place! Flexibility is not a word in their vocabulary and management is no help. We got here around 11 which was perfect because by 12 the place was full and the line was super long. The line goes quick when there are people outside the counter taking orders. Food was great but overall mediocre experience thanks to staff.Portillo's has humble origins but is currently a huge restaurant group with chains in many states.  Such a model failed to inspire interest when I searched for a classic Chicago hot dog to try on my first, very short trip to Chicago.  But reviews and a pitch from a native Chicagoan (plus a convenient location close to my accommodations) led me there not once but twice. Across from the gargantuan McDonald's, Portillo's is likewise large, with a kitschy, all-American look and styled as a food court.  The street level has all the food stands, selling hot dogs, sandwiches, pizza, sides, and desserts; beer too.  Food court style seating are in the center and second level; the latter reservable for private functions. For classic hot dogs and Italian beef sandwiches, head to the back on the right, where staff on the line take down orders in shorthand on paper bags, which are handed to the cashier.  Pick up to the left, where the food is assembled to order. I'm fond of hot dogs, and a lifelong fan of a NY street dog, but Chicago is on to something with their version.  Portillo's does classic Chicago style all the way: hot dog in a poppyseed bin, topped with mustard, relish, tomato slices, sport pepper, and a pickle spear.  This version is refreshing, with sour, spice, crunch, salt and sweet co-mingling in each bite.  The beef dog has a snappy skin and good taste, but didn't otherwise distinguish itself. Right up there as being a must order is the Italian beef sandwich.  Like the hot dog, it suffered from presentation issues, as it got soggy in its waxed paper wrapping, but in this case, it's quite possibly better that way.  Despite misgivings about its sorry appearance, the first bite had me converted with its tender texture and juicy, rich beefy flavors.  The bread melts right into the beef.  While usually a fan of more flavors, this was obscenely satisfying. So there it is.  My first Chicago hot dog and Italian beef sandwich.  If they can be this good, I look forward to trying more versions on future trips.On two times now I've ventured to Portillo's to grab a Chicago staple.  The first, I was craving a traditional Chicago hot dog...  the second, a Chicago Italian Beef.  While my cravings were ultimately satisfied, I wouldn't say that I'd recommend it.The hot dog itself was a was OK.  Good, but nothing necessarily stood out about it.  The beef sandwich was better, but there are definitely better offerings throughout the city.Overall, if you want to take some out-of-towners to a Chicago staple, this fits the bill.  But that's also the reason I'll avoid it in the future...  long lines and tourists.You can tell this is a popular place amongst locals and tourists. There were runners, DSLRs, suits, and Chicago flag it's. Regardless of who this place serves, they serve em right! This well oiled machine can handle a full house x 2 or 3. And yet the food does not suffer. The combo is amazing and relishes. Giardeneer was  crunchy, spicy and has just the right bite of vinegar. Just be warned, if you asked for it dipped, grab plenty of napkins BC once you pick that sandwich up it will not be set back on the tableWent here as one of those deer-in-headlights tourists. Wasn't sure what to expect inside, but went for the food. Hitting the restaurant at 1pm was a bit overwhelming. The layout is most confusing as there appears to be different "store fronts" selling different things, and if you want JUST a hot dog or Italian beef, you need to pick the correct lane. They herd you like cattle in there, taking orders in line, with a very short tolerance for indecisiveness. You have to be quick with the decision making before you hit the register!Once you order, you are herded over to the waiting queue to wait for your number to be called. Again, chaotic at best, but it is what it is. Ordered a hot dog and an italian beef, as I wanted to try both iconic items before leaving Chicago (this was my last day there). Splitting the items with friends proved difficult as knives are not at the condiment stations, they are back down in the "queue" and we decided to tear the italian beef into halves versus facing the mob again. The hot dog was very good. The Italian beef was good, but not as good as the hot dog. Felt it could have been better seasoned, but would order it again. Would I go again, probably not as it was a bit too hectic inside, but I would love to hunt down good dogs and sandwiches at other establishments that weren't so crazy.I asked the bell man at my hotel, what's a good 'Chicago-style' hot dog place near by and he suggested Portillo's Hot Dogs (also bc it was in walking distance) The hot dog was decent but I enjoyed my vanilla milkshake the most! :) Would I come back for the hot dog (nah...) but I definitely would for the vanilla milkshakes!A Portillo's was recently opened a few miles from my house in Tempe, but I haven't been tempted to try it yet. While in Chicago on Friday, I was craving a Chicago dog, so I went to Yelp for guidance. I was skeptical when I saw that Portillo's was rated so high... I thought "it's a chain, how could it be good?". After a few minutes of deliberation, my fiancé and I decided to give Portillo's a try.I ordered the jumbo hot dog (Chicago dog) and my fiancé ordered the chili cheese dog. Overall, we were very pleased! The food was excellent and the price unbeatable. I don't know if I will rush to my local Portillo's anytime soon, but if I'm craving a Chicago dog I certainly will!really not sure why i keep referring to yelp or popular consensus to inform my eating decisions, 0/5 on this trip.  apparently there are a lot of nasty ass people out there with keyboards.   whatever you do, DON'T get the italian beef and for godssake, DON'T get it dipped.    i'm willing to wager every one of these reviewers was most likely drunk.   hell, i was drunk...just not that drunknote:  when i asked you what exactly it means to get the sandwhich 'dipped' -  saying 'don't worry i got you bro' 3x and putting the order through as such is not what i was looking for.I'm not from the Midwest so I didn't grow up on Portillo's but all of my friends who did swear by their chocolate cake. They speak in hushed tones about the secret of the recipe and how to recreate it at home. I love to have my cake and eat it too so I stopped by to give it a try. I liked the frosting which was lightly applied but the cake itself was too dry and lacked the rich flavor that I come to expect from chocolate. Have to say, I don't get it.What can you say about Portillo's that hasn't already been said? Walking here after my first game at Wrigley Field, not having eaten much all day, I devoured my juice-drenched Italian Beef without even an opportunity to process how good it was (which it was, btw). I was tempted by the frozen custard, but regretted that one pretty quickly, because it was beyond sweet... which some people like, but it was way too intense for me. But now I know! Anyway, the Italian Beef was good stuff--definitely didn't disappoint.Cool place with all the Chicago favorites.  Ordering reminded me of the Varsity in Atlanta.  Got an Italian Beef, Maxwell St Polish and hot dog.  All good.  Be sure to get the hot peppers (giardiniera) on the beef.  Awesome stuff...The setup of the place is a bit different from what I am use to, but once you sink your teeth into the various food items, your taste buds will be in heaven. I was pleasantly surprised with this experience. Everyone in my group is still raving about the place.Yummy beef hot dogs with great toppings. For $2.75, it was a bargain! This place lives up to the hype.Don't let the Times Square/ Disneyland look upset you. Serious street hot dog. Must see.Let me start by saying that this place was recommended to me by an old coworker who SWEARS by Portillo's Italian beef (she lives in Boston now and still has it delivered to her on the reg). I visited Portillo's while I was in Chicago for work with 2 of my coworkers. We pretty much ordered the entire menu for only about $40, and split everything, minus the chocolate cake shakes since we each got our own. We had the Polish hot dog, Chicago-style hot dog, Italian beef sandwich, and of course cheese fries. And a slice of the chocolate cake (I couldn't resist). Everything was amazing, although this is definitely far from a healthy meal. Apparently they're also open late night which leads me to believe this place is hopping on weekend nights with drunk hungry Chicagoans.They make great dogs, malts, shakes, pizza, everything CHICAGO! The atmosphere is warming with quirky things here and there. A must go to for all travelers and locals :)Chaotic barn of a place.  At the register you order and pay, and then mill around in huge crowds of people at the pick up counter where, if you're lucky, you'll hear them yell out your order number, after which they hand you your food and make you wait around a while longer for someone to fetch your drink.I had what they call a Maxwell Street Polish dog, a long frank bursting out the ends of a not over-sized bun, with mustard and so many grilled onions - almost onion soupy in texture - that it was too many even for me, a thing I wouldn't have imagined.Over in a corner there's a half-hidden side room of seating that was almost peaceful, compared to the roiling chaos in the main room.This place is nothing special. The hot dogs in the NJ/NY region put this place to shame.Wow!  I fell in love with this place.  Wish they had one in metro Detroit, Mi . The hot dogs are very good , didn't really like the Italian sausage to much. I would still recommend people to try this restaurant .5 stars for sure.Heard so many great things about portillos that my bf and I had to try it when visiting Chicago. Of course I ordered the Chicago style hot dog and cheese fries!! Yum love my fries drenched in cheese. The hot dogs were pretty good as well. Set up here is like a food court. Everything is brightly lit neon Signage. You basically have to order your food first and then wait around in this huge crowd to pick up your food. Seating is packed!! Great place to be if you love crowds.. There are places there that serve liquor also like beer and wine. Best of all, food is super cheap!!!Recently moved here from NYC and discovered Portillos.  It's amazing!!  Just close your eyes and throw a dart at the menu.  Pretty much everything rocks.This was my first time to Portillos.  The chili cheese dog was good and the prices were super reasonable.   Definitely worth a try especially for the price!Good beef, great onion rings but you only need to visit about once a year. The service is just so slow and our order always has a mistake. Just not worth the headache...it's so chaotic and disorganized!People talk about the Italian beef here--rightly. People talk about the hotdogs here--rightly. What I will talk about is that this place has the best fast food chain establishment cheeseburger I've ever had. I don't know quite what it is. It's huge. The veggies on it taste fresh, there is a perfect balance of all condiments. I love it. I am a bit of a connoisseur of cheeseburgers, but some days you don't want a special pretzel bun or bbq aioli or cage free eggs on top (most days I like things like that). Some days, you want a burger how you remember. No fuss. Big. Juicy. Melty cheese. Lettuce. Tomato. No nonsense. This place makes my favorite version of that.Shakes are awesome, also very nostalgic, although half the nostalgia might be from the fact that everything here is served out of styrofoam. The chocolate shake is my favorite and the chocolate cake shake is decadent. That needs to be eaten with a spoon. I should also mention that whenever I get a craving for cake, Portillo's is almost always my first stop. Example: I went to a child's birthday party recently expecting to endure lots of children, but at the end of it be rewarded with cake. What happened was that the host decided to serve cake pops instead because "all anyone ever wants is just a bite". Who put that crazy idea into this person's head? Needless to say I was tired an hungry by the end of that party. There is only one place in my area that I know of where I can get a chocolate cake (or piece of it) with chocolate frosting in a DRIVE THROUGH because I am hungry and won't get out of the car to eat it and that is Portillo's.Outside of that, fries are pretty standard and onion rings above average. Add on some cheese sauce for dipping into the order and you have an outstanding meal. It's a bit pricey as far as fast food goes, but totally worth it. This is one of the few places where the cheeseburgers are just as good (or in my sisters' opinions better) the next day as when you order it. Go for it.So hot dogs? Not my thing. But we had to have it in Chicago. How a hot dog with a whole pickle on top works, I don't know--but it does. It's delicious. Everything from that pillowey poppy seed bun to the chopped onions on top (we skipped the tomatoes) was so good. The hot dog itself was also really tasty. The cheese fries come with the cheese on the side (nice!) and the strawberry and vanilla shakes were nice companions to the hot dogs, but nothing to write home about. The atmosphere is fun--bustling, loud, looks sort of like a food court. You'll find all sorts of people in here. The service was quick, efficient, and friendly.I thought it'd be really chaotic here based on the reviews, but it was actually very straightforward and efficient. Someone takes your order on a paper bag while you wait on line and when you go up to the register you just hand them the paper bag. They got the shorthand system down pat. Also the place is right in front of the M22 bus stop. Very easy to get to. I ordered the jumbo hot dog with the works. Plump, delicious, and perfectly cooked. The chili was good, too. Would definitely come back the next time I visit Chicago.After all the hype, not very impressed. Not bad, just nothing special on Italian Roast Beef sandwich. They left onions off one of three sandwiches ordered and did not submerse two of them in juices as requested.I've been here twice now. The first time we ordered the classic Chicago dog, which was nothing special. Just a regular hot dog (I'm not a huge fan of hot dogs to begin with) with some pickles and peppers on it. This time we got a chili cheese dog and the Maxwell Street Polish. The MSP was awesome! I highly recommend getting it if you come here. The polish itself is tasty, and the caramelized onions on top add some really bold flavor. I finally understand why people love Portillo's!I'll start off this review by saying I don't like hot dogs.  I don't order them, and even when they're being served at a BBQ I generally won't touch them if there are other food options.  For some reason (perhaps delirium from an early flight, or the fact I was feeling adventurous mixed with starvation, or the fact all my friends were eating one, or a long uneventful hike in search for a deep dish pizza place) I decided to just cave and order a hot dog.  I got the original.  OMG, I apparently don't like hot dogs but I actually loved this one! It was a bit soggy, but still, the flavors and ingredients were perfect. Definitely recommend this place...plus at 2.50ish a pop it's a relatively quick, cheap, but good meal.Portillos - Polish Sausage and Cheese Fries.  Need I say more?  I used to crave this at all hours of the night and thank goodness they open late and if I remember correctly, also has a drive thru.Lived in Chicago for 3 years and definitely miss it :(So. Delicious.  I just love it.  Give it a try, totally worth it.On my first trip to Chicago on a business trip, everything had been very business level service and quality. This was the side of Chicago I had imagined before I came. Service was curt and almost rude to the point I kind of envisioned. It was enjoyable. In a weird way. Food was fun. How do you go wrong with hot dogs and a beer?As we entered the facility,  we were immediately confused with the layout along with a multitude of other people. In a party of 3 we ordered two beef-n-cheddar croissants and a chili cheese dog. Both of the croissants were completely soggy when we were given them and were absent of any cheese or flavor and appeared to have been pre-made and sat for half an hour. The hot dog was a little better,  however,  is too small for even the smallest adult to be content with. This place dogs not live up to any of the hype and suggest somewhere else to eat.As a New Yorker, I can only compare this with Nathan's of Coney Island. Super real place, adored by locals (with guilt many times), and popular with tourists. The place is a mega-complex, with 4 different stations to get your digestion on - Custards, dogs, beer, pasta(?). It was so good, I went twice in three days (loaded hot dog, then a combo). Loved it twice. Looking around, you see lots of workers, lots of college kids, lots of drunks, lots of tourists - all smiles. Good stuff.It's a must for tourists. There's really nothing special about these hot dogs. Even Gold Coast Dogs at the airport is better. The only redeeming factor is that these hot dogs are cheap. The Italian beef was disgusting -- bland, fell out of the sandwich right out of the bag, and the bread was oily. How could the beef be dry and the bread be oily?! I actually came back another day to give them a second try. The chicagodog was just okay. It takes SO long to get your order even at odd hours because they have a drive-through. So just because you're the first in line doesn't mean you'll get your food at a reasonable time. Also, half their employees don't wear gloves when handling these dogs.Go to Hot Doug's.It was a tough decision to choose between 3 stars and 4 stars.  The food was great.. the woman at the cash register was not.  Upon walking in you stand in line.  While in line someone will come take your order and write it on a bag. You take that bag to the cashier and they ring you up. You then walk to an area where they are calling out order numbers.  The chaos reminds me of the New York stock exchange but it works.... most of the time.  From that point you have to find your own seating.  Good luck with that as the place was packed.The food was really really good. I had the Italian beef and my son had chili dogs. I will definitely come back.I thought it's just a hotdog what's the big deal???!!  But it was close to the hotel and we wanted a quick lunch.  Ordered a couple of chili cheese dogs with onions.  Holy crap!!  The absolute best! Hands down. Beef dog was awesome, chili delish and soft poppy seed bun.  A must now every time I come to ChicagoI came here last year September, two years before that, and two years before that! Al for weddings in Chicago/Indianapolis. By far, the best hot dogs I ever ate. I always order the jumbo hot dogs with the works. Then I wait 15 minutes after i finish and GET ANOTHER ONE. So plump, juicy, the condiments are perfection.How have I lived here for a year and not been here?!?!!?OMG seriously a Chicago BEST!!!!!!! I went through about 30 reviews to see if I had anything new I can contribute to the Pesto Chicken and Mushroom pasta or their chop salad, but dude, seriously you got to just try it! every item is HUGEEEE and each item was under $10!!! I couldn't resist and also got their famous rich chocolate cake.If any of my friends are reading this, i'd like a WHOLE cake of that for my bday please.Can NOT wait to go back!!A trip to Chicago just wouldn't be complete without a meal at Portillo's. Quick service, enjoyable dining experience, consistent quality in food. The Classic Chicago style hot dog is my favorite.Quite a tourist trap, but one of the better one. Good quality food at decent prices unlike other tourist traps.Queue up on long but fast moving lines, order, and pick up your food at the window when ready.Had an Italian beef sandwich - delicious.We currently live in Indianapolis, where the idea of a Sunday lunch rush is unheard of for anything but popular post-church hangouts--many, many non-chain restaurants are closed on Sundays, or don't open until dinner.  Therefore I was completely unprepared for the Sunday lunch-rush mayhem at Portillo's, which left us waiting fifteen or twenty minutes for our order.While they did a good job keeping things pretty well organized given the volume of orders, we didn't get the toppings we'd ordered, but overall the food was good.  We got the combination, an Italian sausage topped with Italian beef.  I liked the sausage very much; it had a good strong flavor and still had chunks of meat and spices in it rather than being ground into a homogenous filling.  I didn't care for the Italian beef as much--I found it kind of flavorless, even with the au jus--but I think that's just my preference, not a reflection on the food itself.At our native guide's insistence we got a slice of the chocolate cake to share.  YUM.  It's a HUGE piece of cake, with the fine crumb and soft texture that seems to indicate a boxed mix, but I can't fault them for that given the amount of cake they must go through (and with a [local] chain this size, it may be their own formulation), and while the frosting tasted identical to the canned frosting from the store, that isn't a bad thing!  This was a chocolate cake that brought back childhood memories of perfect chocolate cakes with the perennially-soft, toothsome frosting.I'd definitely go back, but I'll try to avoid a peak time.Came in just before 2pm to no line. Ordered a simple one portillos hot dog for 2.75$ and a large glass of fat tire for 5$. Ice cold beer is freakin amazing in icy cold weather. A big tourist spot checked off for me as a chicago visitor thats cheesy but still totally worth it!It is what it is. Real Chicago style hot dogs! My husband who hates hot dogs actually enjoyed these, and that's saying something!This place has a fun atmosphere and delicious food. It's a definite stop during any trip to Chicago! :-)Side note: we watched our food get made, everyone was wearing gloves and we made it right before lunch rush, so there was barely a wait to order or get our food. Everything was fresh and crisp. Loved it!The only place I recommend to people who visit Chicago. Can't go wrong with anything you order!!!!My favorites are hot dog with everything on it, beef sandwich with hot giardinera, best fries, yummy onion rings, portillos chopped salad UM so delicious, ribs are good also!Yum!! This place is good, good, good! It's a must if you're in Chicago. I've had the combo sandwich and it's just okay...it was way too much meat for me. This last time I went I got the Italian beef with mozzarella and hot peppers....YUM it was perfect! The beef was tasty and thinly sliced jammed packed into a delicious French bread and melted mozzarella over the top w/ hot peppers to add a kick to every bite! Fries are okay...the Shakes are so good! kids got the hot dog w/ a poppy seed bun, that's good too! :)Great Italian beef and Chicago style dog and good prices.We ate lunch here at my husband's prompting...he's the sentimental type!My turkey club was pretty good: fresh bread, marinated veggies and crispy bacon. Yum.  The Mediterranean 'salad'...don't bother. My husband enjoyed his Italian beef & sausage. I would give it two stars based on the hit and miss food and depressing/annoying/obnoxious cafeteria style atmosphere but they also had some good draft beers so three stars it is.If I was eating by myself, though, I'd definitely go somewhere else next time. Sorry honey!So cheap and so good.  We came her twice during our recent long weekend trip to Chicago.The Chicago dog was delicious, though I don't have anything to compare it to (such as Hot Doug's or any other Chicago dog establishment).  The Italian beef sandwich was juicy and the Italian sausage was good, too.  The cheese fries are a must to pair with your sandwich/dog.You can spend less than $15 for a hearty lunch for two.Yummy tender Italian beef sandwiches! That is all!Lived up to the hype! I was a little iffy about this place when I walked in...but boy was I wrong. Everything was absolutely delicious. Friendly service. Busy-but we were able to find a table within a few minutes. I'll be coming back during my next trip to Chicago!Portillo's was the perfect place to kick off our vacation in Chicago!Cold beers, Chicago style dogs, fries, great onion rings and a custard cone to top it off.  Quick, cheap, clean and with a nice shaded out door seating area.  Who knows we may be back again to try something else before we head home.  Highly recommend!YUM! Can't believe we waited until our last day in Chicago to try this place. Ordered the jumbo hot dog, italian sausage, french fries and strawberry milk shake. The place is huge with lots of seating. Service is very quick and pricing is fairly cheap.I LOVE their carrying trays. Dumb yes BUT it comes with built in cup holders. It's all about the little things in life :)This place looks like for tourists and theme park adventure so I didn't want to go, but my boyfriend dragged me here. Boy, I'm glad he did. We got Italian beef sandwiches with spicy dressing. It was very greasy maybe not the best food for bathing suit season but wow, the flavor!First of all, the chocolate cake shake alone is worth the trip. Like eating the leftover brownie batter out of the bowl. Second, we are a group who almost never eats hot dogs...but after our first round, we all went up for seconds. It ended up being lunch AND dinner. Try to save room for the giant goblets of beer, too.My first Chicago Style Hot Diggity Dawg!Great place to go for Chicago style street meats/hot dogs. I had never seen a full pickle spear on a hot dog before. I was excited about the whole experience. The inside of this place is HUGE and has a bunch of fun decorations. It's true. It's a must for tourists. Very affordable. Very enjoyable.Great tourist spot, tons of famous people have come here with pics on the walls.  Place is huge with 4 vendors inside and upstairs seating.Had the amazing italian beef, with sweet peppers was delicious.  Place can def get a bit hectic so be prepared.Fries weren't bad either,  def worth checking out this spot if you havent had the famous hot dogs and italian beef in the chi.I am ashamed to admit that I am a regular here.  I even drag my out of town guests or friends that I meet up with here.  I got them craving for it when they do come back to town.  I think out of the 100 times I've patronized Portillos, I think I had 2 crappy sandwiches.  That goes to show, this place is the go to for good hotdogs and Italian beef and oh my the fries!!  My other guilty pleasure is a slice of their famous all chocolate cake.  I have been there when it's extremely crowded and simply busy.  The only reason I took off one star is because sometimes the wait for the food is a tad bit long.  But I wait because the food is worth it.  Happy eating!I have been here many times before, and it is really good. I usually get the beef n' cheddar croissant or the hot dog. The food is always good and more important for me, consistently good. They're really nice, and it's a pretty easy in and out. Make sure to try the chocolate cake.The regular Hot Dog (comes w/ lots of pickles, relish, peppers, onions, etc. on a poppy seed bun) was scrumptious!  Especially for only about $3.  This place was packed on a weekend night, but the whole process was efficient.  Hang onto your receipt to claim your order when they call your ticket #.  Free cup of icy water available upon request.This Chicago staple is always a good bet when you want some fast food. I've had the hot dog and Italian beef sandwiches here and both hit the spot! I can't wait to try the Beef-n-cheddar croissant. I already have a list running of what I want to eat!Take friends and family here for a good time and good eats!Convent factor is the drive through although the wait can sometimes be long. Interior decor is a little like a visit back in time which is really unique.A true Chicago icon restaurant. Probably the best bang for you buck in River North.  My favorites are Italian beef and chocolate cake shake.Go for the combo dog! And the chocolate cake. The cheese fries were a bit disappointing. Fries and a cup of nacho cheese.The best Italian beef I have ever had.  The meat is well seasoned and fall apart tender.  Lots of au ju so the bread soaks it up. Good French fries too.  I usually try to eat on the lighter side but this is the exception to that rule! Every time we are in Chicago, we have to stop here. Service is a quick counter service line. Very busy place but Also very large with lots of seating.Asking the locals is always the best idea to find some good eats . I'm in downtown Chicago, and when I ask "where do I go for the best Chicago hot dogs?" Most everyone says "the northside, but around here, try Portillo's"That's good enough for me. I've had the pizza, now it's time for some dogs.On Ontario st I found Portillo's and was instantly reminded of Phililpe's in Los Angeles. It's a fast-serve, in and out, move along place, with lots of seating and a healthy dose of city nostalgia. So of course I got a Chicago jumbo hot dog with everything in it, and some cheese fries. It took only a minute or two to fill my order. This place is an assembly line of efficiency, and my meal, including a coffee came out under $8. The  dog itself was ok. I mean it had all the elements one expected in a Chicago dog. Beefy juicy dog, onions, some peppers, pickle on top etc. I was surprised at how small it was for "jumbo". I'm used to the monster-stacked hot dog offerings that have been taking a foothold in Los Angeles. But hey it was good to have a change to sample the culture of flavor and classic eatery experience this dog offered. The cheese fries were fries, with a side of 7-11 melted cheese sauce for dipping. Hot, melty, and salty. Not what I expected in the world of cheese fries, but not bad either. And the coffee wasn't god awful either. Which is a High compliments coming from a  self-confessed coffee snob.Petrillo's has more than hot dogs of course. Pastas, cakes, pizza, grilled food, shakes, you name it, if it's in the realm of "street food", odds are they got it here. Even beers on tap. On the whole, this is The kind of meal your grandpa or uncle might take the kids to after school if they're being good,  with the express purpose of spoiling their dinner, but making some good lasting memories in the process. Not too shabby Chicago, not too shabby.Pretty cool place.I know that they are known for their Chicago Hot Dogs, which were good (especially the Maxwell St. Grilled Dog) but I actually liked their burgers more.Great place to pig out on some cheese fries, shakes, and Italian Beef Sandwiches (similar to Philly Cheese Steaks for East Coasters).I swear that was the best damn bacon cheeseburger i've ever had!!!!You can't go wrong with Portillo's.  No matter which location you go to, it never disappoints.  It is always fresh and delicious.  I love the large selection of both healthy and unhealthy fare.  The milkshakes are delicious, including the signature chocolate cake shake.  Don't get it if you're not ready for something rich!  (Of course, the chocolate cake itself is good, too, but where else can you get a chocolate cake shake?)A little known secret about Barnelli's is that the vodka sauce is actually amazing.  Sometimes I come to Portillo's/Barnelli's specifically to get the rigatoni with vodka sauce and add chicken to it.  The portion is big enough that I can bring some home, which makes me even happier.  I'm so glad I have one close to work!I always love stopping in and eating at this place. The mood is always so lively and loud, but in the best way. I've had a few things here that I always enjoy but today I had the Double Burger and maaaan oh man!!! Incredible. Mouthwatering. Juicy.  Melted cheese in between. Double Burger.  Ahhhh!!! Let this be considered during the many options to choose from when coming to eat here!!Excellent!!I don't really care for hot dogs... nuts I know.I've had the pleasure of eating Portillo's on several occasions now, once including catered hot beef sandwiches and pasta, another time just the hot dogs and fixins, and a separate time some of their magical chocolate cake.  It's a Chicago staple, so a must try for any out of towners.The Chicago Dog was hyped up like crazy. Also this 'legendary chocolate cake.' Everyone I talked to said that I couldn't leave Chicago without trying the hot dog and the cake slice. The dog - cheap, whatever. A hot dog with stuff on it. Not even a good quality tasting sausage. Kind of small too and really un-amazing. The cake? The cake made me angry. I want to know why it is supposed to be so great. It tasted like a total mediocre grocery store cake out of a chemical filled mix. In fact, parts of the icing even tasted stale and like crayons. To feel like I got fat and wasted calories on something like that cake makes me feel really sick. I generously gave the place 2 stars because it is cheap and fast.It had been a few years since I was in Chicago last.  It was my husband's first time.  No visit is complete without a stop at Portillo's.1 Italian Beef and 1 Chicago Dog - Boy did it hit the spot!I should have ordered 5 Italian Beefs because those bad boys are YUMMY!  Now I'm drooling thinking about them and book a flight to Chicago....mmmm beef!There are lots of lines at Portillo's but once you get your food, you understand why people are waiting. Had both the loaded hot dog and the Italian beef sandwich. The beef was better. The hot dog was garden style (which means every possible vegetable was on the dog, along with a quarter of a pickle). The Italian beef had great flavor. Definitely would recommend a stop here to try to food.Portillo's is a must try for every visitor and new resident to Chicago. Everything I've tried at Portillo's has been good and cheap!My friend from back east always wants to come here for a hotdog when she visits. She thinks they are the bees knees. I personally enjoy the combo italian beef & char-grilled sausage (with peppers). You get the best of both worlds with this option and the price is very reasonable ($5.95).If you happen to be a fan of chocolate cake and milkshakes then you must try the chocolate cake shake at least once. The first time I tried this the cake was burnt at the bottom which made the shake horrible (though I still drunk 3/4 of it). Years later I tried the shake again and it was good I think I definitely prefer my cake not to be blended up with ice cream.What's the difference between NYC hotdog vs Chicago hotdog? Chicago has their dogs with tomato slices, mustard, neon relish, poppy seeded bun and don't forget a slice of pickle and a couple of jalapeños. Don't ask for ketchup. They'll throw you out. Wonderful!!!Visiting our Chicago-based friend, he said he had to take us to Portillo's. As we drove over he told us to look at the menu online since you need to know your order when they come through the drive-thru lane. I looked and saw lots of Yelpers recommending the chopped salad. Now, I am known for always going somewhere with one signature item, and never getting that item. But enough people liked the salad I decided to go with my gut. The rest of our party made fun of me and ordered a Big Beef, a double cheeseburger, a classic hot dog and a chocolate cake shake. Considering how busy they were it didn't take very long and was very reasonable. Thankfully, my salad lived up to expectations. It could have had better/fresher tomatoes and onion, but I liked it and was pleased. I got some bites of the Italian beef and it lived up to the hype- we got it "dry" but the meat itself was very moist and flavorful. The cake shake didn't have the gross texture I expected, thankfully. It actually tasted exactly like a donut to me- worth getting once but not a necessary purchase. I can see why this seems to be such an institution and I'd definitely recommend others to give it a shot.I am getting very sick of this Portillos screwing up our orders. Every time we go, it's something different. Sometimes they forget a drink, and then blame us for not ordering it. Sometimes they give the wrong dressing, or forget to include the cheese with cheese fries.Today was the last straw, when they didn't add chicken to a chopped salad. WTF?! I could understand omitting the cheese or the pasts, but the chicken?Whoever is in charge of drive-thru quality control there needs to be fired or be given a different job.Not sure what else to add about Petrillo's Hot Dogs.  I have Pink's Hot Dog at home so I was expecting something more.The place is really loud and the ordering process was a bit confusing.Love this place! Delicious beef, burgers, salads, pizza, EVERYTHING. Going to try everything on menu if I can!This place has everything. Italian beef, polish sausage, hot dogs, salads, gelato, etc. the food seemed mediocre to me. It seems like there's a kit for Chicago style hot dogs and it's all the same. I used to love it but now it's just whatever. Also the only condiment available at the condiment table was ketchup. No mustard. My polish and hot dog didn't even come with mustard. I thought it would since I asked for everything but nope. When I noticed that the only condiment at the station was ketchup the liners were too long for me to go back and ask for mustard. I didn't want to be the jerk to skip everyone in line just to ask for mustard. Everyone has experienced that a-hole even though people let that guy skip in line to ask for condiments, people still think that person is an a-hole. I also hope thy didn't expect me to put ketchup on a hot dog. Who does that? Serial killers that's who. It's nice to experience this place but I wouldn't recommend it. So much other good food in Chicago.Recommended to anyone visiting from another country!Portillo's overflowing with American cuisine, and the room is decorated with pictures of celebrities with "Dick" (the founder?) and odd 3-D art such as a flapper woman swinging near the entrance.I tried the Polish Dog and although I'm not generally a hotdog fan, I enjoyed the juicy flavorful meal for what it was. Because I am an American, curious, and willing - I then tried the cheeseburger from the same line and the meat and bun were on the same par as In-N-Out quality-wise, only heartier.Finally, I took a bite of the "famous" chocolate cake, and was unimpressed because it tasted too processed/artificial for me.The lady that calls your order is entertaining! Seriously, I never had a Chicago dog 'till now, and had a couple more in other places around town, but this one is the best! Trust my taste buds:0)I love the vibe and the look! Just like I expected Chicago to be on my first day. The staff was so friendly and you could see them make it right in front of you! Also had the chocolate cake shake. YUM. 4 stars only because I didn't eat the dog with the giant pickle and sport peppers on top.  Definitely was the best place to stop in for the first food experience in Chicago.This is a prime spot to bring your out-of-town, small town family! My grandpa is obsessed with the burgers and the ambiance is so fun! (Obviously a little touristy) But, the service is usually quick and we always love the food!The Italian beef somehow managed to be simultaneously dry and soggy, on a bun like a wet paper towel. The Chicago style hot dog was passable, but seemed boiled rather than grilled. The only real reason to come here is if your goal is to be full fast.Once I stepped foot in Chicago, I made it a mission of sorts to eat as many Chicago dogs as possible. It's a legendary food that you hear about and I wanted to make sure I tried em all. I'm glad I made it here because if my decision was based off the first dog I had, Gold Coast, I would've never had one again. On to the review!Friendly service, ample seating, great prices, delicious food, and great variety is a five-fecta that gives this place five stars. Pizza, italian, salads, it has a great variety of delicious and cheap food. Even though it's a food court style restaurant, when you do interact with employees/servers/waiters, everyone is very friendly. I still haven't figured out if it's this place or just the general awesomeness of locals but I'm leaning towards the later. Come here and get your eat on!Hits the spot.When it's cold outside this place is just top notch.  Even if it's not  windy in this city it is probably just as good.  Had the Italian with peppers, went back for a second and third.  Just really the perfect mix.  It's got to be an institution for a reason.It is soooooo crowded!  It's been a loong time since I last set foot in Portillo's. I used to frequent the 95th street location. I remember liking the beef sandwiches a lot. I had never tried the chocolate cake which, according to all my sources, is  the holy grail of chocolate cake. Of course, I had to see for myself. I had  to have some of this perfect cake. I must say that I wasn't impressed. At. All.  I feel like I was played. The cake was kind of dry and the frosting was -hmmmm-I wasn't feeling it. I just knew that this cake was going to make me stop eating any other chocolate cake out there after all I had been told. My beef sandwich was just aiight.  I mean they weren't bad but they just didn't do it for me. Best wishes to them though.Cake shake is super delicious dont miss it..Also Chili cheese hot dog is must .. it tastes so awesome.Those who are veggies you can try pasta from Barnellis.Polish sausage is just average not that great.Their italian beef sandwich is perfect here!  Great flavor and tender beef.  The bun is soft and not soggy at all!  I got it both hot and sweet.Their hot dog is also really good and has a great flavor.  The only thing is that it's a little small, so you should probably get two!  But it's fine because the prices here are really reasonable.Sooooo Bummed... In Chi-town for Birthday, jonesin' for a Chicago Dog, got pickpocketed at table after worker came to our table, DISTRACTED US, Told us her LIFE STORY, and was so obviously (now) working in cahoots with an accomplice....BEWARE!!!!!I have come here a couple of times now, with no need to feel like stopping. It's best to come after you have had a couple of drinks, but then all places get better post booze and this place doesnt have problems if you slur your order :)I always get the jumbo hotdog and the cake shake. Man, they put a cake in that shake. and its good cake. I also give props to the lovely lady who calls out my order number. she makes things rhyme and doesnt mind if you try to sing along with her or rhyme with her. Yea, she cool.Had some crazy good hot dogs from here and some delicious italian beef.I think their hot dog is a great chicago style hotdog and it comes with alllll of the fixings.The italian beef was pretty good but I think als beef is better.Every time I consider leaving Chicago, I wonder what I'll do without my 3 times yearly intake of Portillo's.  For "fast food", this is like heaven.  The burgers are perfection.  The Italian beef is fab.  Even the chicken Caesar  salad is good.   It's a little expensive for fast food, but the quality more than makes up for the cost.I swear just writing this review made me want to drive over there right now!Oh, and one other note, if you're ever worried because the drive-thru line is a million miles long, don't be - they run this place with incredible efficiency and can get through like 20 cars in 10 minutes.  It's insanity, but impressive!Chicago must-have.  If you are in Chicago, you must go to Portillos's.  It's quick, pretty cheap and most importantly, mouthwatering lay delicious.  Service:  the staff walking around the dining area are really kind.  They take your trays and anything you are done with if you are sitting there a whole so definitely thank them!Food:  If you are looking for tummy filling burgers, sandwiches and hot dogs, this is the perfect place.  But I would say the highlight of Portillo's is their chocolate cake shake (which has actual chunks of chocolate cake) and their strawberry shortcake (which is so light and fluffy you'll think you can eat 10 of them).  Barnelli's is also connected in case you want something healthier...OK, we gotta talk about this: The drive-thru. Oh. Em. Gee. Y'all I think I glimpsed hell. Since this place is in River North and I don't live in River North or within walking distance, I drive there. And since I try not to pay to park anywhere, I get drive-thru. And if you want to waste 30 minutes of your life, you can too! The line wraps around the corner and nearly all the way to LaSalle. Avoid at all costs, or if you must go, bring earmuffs for young children in the car so they won't hear you screaming profanity as people try to cut you off.Other than that, this place is great. Beef, hot dogs, burgers, salads, shakes. I want it all in my tummy. NOW. When I went to college in Virginia, Portillo's was the first thing I had to have when I got home. Fresh, delicious, Chicago.Salad and Italian Beef are awesome!Place is awesome!  Every dog was super tasty!  Only drawback is that it's CASH ONLY and the cheese-fries could use more cheese.  Honestly, everything tasted fabulous! If you want to avoid the long lines, go right at 10:30 AM.  Went there are 10:15 AM one morning and they were already open with 5-6 people in line.Quintessential Chicago. This location is constantly busy with tourists but I'm always amazed at how organized they are both inside and at the drive-thru. A Portillo's MUST is their Chocolate Cake-it is to DIE for! Other personal favs include the Chopped Salad, the Italian Beef w/ Giardiniera, and of course their Hot Dogs...all with a side of cheese fries! It's really hard to go wrong here...definitely a must-visit in Chicago!I was so impressed with the drive thru and the way it was organized but disappointed they got my order wrong. I ordered chicken burger, cheese burger and pasta mostaccioli with the sauce on the side. They gave me Spaghetti with meat balls instead of my order and my kids kicked up a fuss something i didn't need on a Thursday night.Drive through here is amazing. Tons of workers = extreme efficiency!Everything on the menu is amazing. Italian beef, smothered hot dogs, cheese fries (must have), Caesar salad, pasta with meat sauce, and strawberry shake. We were in a disgusting yet amazing food coma.Great food, great price, and great atmosphere. A nice break from pricier food in the downtown area. Delicious italian beef and chocolate cake! Would come here again.Came here on a Pizza tour guide's recommendation for the Italian beef.  and the crazy chocolate cake shake.  The way the lady at the counter called the orders was catchy.Now I'll preface the review with a disclosure: I'm not a fan of hot dogs. I don't like what goes in them, how they taste, etc. I just don't like them.Now, the Chicago dog and the Italian beef was surprisingly good. Perhaps it was all the toppings that were stacked on top, but I'd like to think that the they just used better quality The chocolate cake shake hit the spot (though after all that walking in the cold it may have been a not so good idea). Last time I had a shake with bits of cake it was dry and chalky even with the shake (probably some kind of freezer burn or something weird) but here--it was delicious. All that with the fact that it was cheap makes it all the better.When you match the price point with the overall meal, I'll have to say, I'm a fan ( and I don't give this rating often).Slapped together faster than a speeding bullet.  I don't see what any of the fuss is about.  I've had a "Chicago dog" in Richmond, VA that tasted better than this thing.The long and short of it. The lines? Long.The staff's patience? Long.The Maxwell st. Polish? Long. The original Chicago style dog? Short. (Get 2!)The crinkle cut fries? Short.The pickle that comes with your dog? Oh. LONG.  ;)Liked the variety of different foods you can order.  This place is a really cute restaurant that looks like a 50's diner.  For the food, I always went with a Chicago dog when I was in town.  It was so good.  I also tried a side salad, and their tiramisu cake.  I wish we had a Portillos in the Bay Area!Really, really cool atmosphere,....crazy busy, happening, crowded and fun. They offer tons of different food; hot dogs, pasta, salads, burgers, fries, onion rings, sandwiches, ice cream,....you name it.  We were there for late night Chicago dogs.  The staff was very friendly and, well, lets say "lively and energetic."  The dogs were really good.  Been dying for a real Vienna Beef Chicago dog for years. This was the first in that long and I'd give it an 8.5 out of 10.  Fully loaded and delicious. I'd grab them again, for sure, but looking forward to trying some others too.  Gotta find the place from when I was a kid that gives away the little individually wrapped red hot dog bubble gum; great memories!!!!Must-tries: Chicago-style hot dog, Italian beef, and the chocolate cake shake. The first two can be had all around Chicago, but that chocolate cake shake is a Portillo's specialty. A very very sinful specialty.PORTILLO'S HOT DOG is a true Chicago-style hot dog: a beef frankfurter snuggled in a steamed poppy seed bun, topped with mustard, relish, freshly chopped onions, sliced red ripe tomatoes, kosher pickle, and sport peppers for $2.75 (yelp.com/biz_photos/port…). Gosh, where do I even begin. The poppy seed bun was so soft and sink-in-your-teeth-able. The ingredients were fresh to death, and I could have eaten a tub of that relish. The whole hot dog was sublime.Since I didn't want to eat two sandwiches, I decided to order a cup of solely ITALIAN BEEF for $4.69, $5.18 after tax (yelp.com/biz_photos/port…). With no French bun or toppings, the delicious, thinly-sliced beef marinated in a wonderful herby stew received my full attention and appreciation. Goodness, that beef was not-too-salty and oh-so tender.And since all proper meals should end with dessert, I gorged myself on a small CHOCOLATE CAKE SHAKE, $3.19, with a large being $3.99. Holy moly that shake is mushed up chocolate cake in a cup. Literally. At the bottom of the shake is packed chocolate cake. I recommend grabbing a spoon to eat it because a straw will prove insufficient.I wish I had tried Gold Coast, which appears to be Portillo's main competitor. I shall try it next time! Assuming I haven't filled up on the dastardly chocolate cake shake omgaaaaah. Brilliance.Portillo's struck me as a tourist trap but I was ok with that. I ordered the chili dog and standard beef hot dog with all the typical Chicago toppings. Both were good - probably not the best hot dogs ever, but I had limited time and I think they offered a good sampling of what Chicago hot dogs are all about.omg omg omg! Gooooodness gracious! Big Beef Combo with hot giardiniera, Cheese fries, Fat Tire & CHOCOLATE CAKE!  Soooooo gooood.I do not know what the hype is about this place, but me and my boyfriend ate here and neither one of us liked anything about it.  I cannot eat beef, so I ordered a polish dog (3.99 + extra for toppings).  I ordered it with onions & peppers.  It came with a dry, tasteless bun, very few onions and no peppers and had very little mustard on it.   I could only choke down 1/2 of it.My boyfriend had the italian beef sandwich ($4.85) and he said it was bland in flavor and when he ordered the sandwich, he ordered it dipped and he said it was so soggy that it was hard to eat and he couldn't finish his either.  We shared a large french fries ($2.15, I think).  The serving is not what I would call "large."  It was about the size of McDonald's medium fries.  They were crinkle cut and were pretty good.  We were there on a Sunday and it was pretty crowded, which can be expected considering the area it's in.  The decor was interesting and the building is cool.  We will not be back - not our thing.  May be perfect for a beef hot dog lover.The best Italian beef in Chicago!Both the Italian Beef Sandwich and Chicago dog were good.  Looking forward to find the locations in California to try some more.There are several lines when you first enter.  Make sure you are in the right one.  You pay for it.  They will give you a number.  Make sure to find a table as this placed is busy.Portillo's is a big restaurant that serves more than hot dogs, but we came here just for the Chicago dog. It was something that I was determined to eat while in Chicago. What is a Chicago dog? A hot dog topped with mustard, relish, onions, tomatoes, pickle spear, and sport peppers on a poppy seed bun. We got in line and ordered our dogs then waited for our number to be called. Bit into it and it was eh. Overhyped. It was a pretty cheap way to experience Chicago though.We ordered 3 beef hot dogs and chocolate cake. We should've eaten there instead of carry out ate them in our car. The bun got soggy little by the time we had first bite. It was still delicious though! Chocolate cake was just amazing! So moist and not overly sweet. The decoration there was nice too. We'd go back for lunch and dessert!At the insistence at a friend (who lived in Chicago for a while) we made sure we visited this Chicago Institution during our trip to try an 'Italian Beef".     The building is pretty cool and from reading the YELP reviews I had a sense of the chaos about to happen when you walk in the door.   My hubby...well..he was not prepared..ha!   We got in line and were quickly approached by an employee for our order, which left us both feeling a little rushed an pressured to order when we really hadn't had a chance to look at the menu.     Then after taking my order (by writing on a paper bag), the employee told us to go to the now open employee at the register, and my husband was again..like...What?? I haven't given the guy my order yet.      All turned out well.....and this is just there way to keep lines moving...although there really wasn't any lines at this point, but I can see where this does make sense when it gets crazy busy.    After we ordered it was a little chaotic at the standing area where you wait for your number to be called.    One of the woman has fun when calling out the endless numbers and somehow keeps track of all the chaos.    It was a short, maybe 5 minute wait for our food.    They did give my hubby iced tea instead of root beer...but it was easily fixed.  Plenty of places to sit, we ended up sitting upstairs.The Italian Beef was good...reminded me of a small steak & cheese (w/o the cheese).    The fries were OK....nothing fancy, reminded me of the frozen krinkle cut.     I did get the chocolate cake because of the reviews, and that was OK too.     (We had visited "Hot Doug's" the day before and all I could think about was having another "Chicago Dog", which I probably should have gotten, but I wanted to try the much-hyped "Italian Beef".)Cool place for different fast food and I would definitely visit again.  I think my kids would love it.ok this place is a 5, no question, food offering, quality, its all here.if you are looking for a menu and a waiter, go somewhere else...please.  This is an iconic institution here in chicago and one that most will never forget.First they are always busy, over 200 orders in an hour and they could have handled a lot more.  Second, know what you want when you get to order window, you waited 5 to 10 minutes for the privilege, stop flapping your gums and figure that out first, doing the DUH! I don't know what I want look at the window is pathetic.Now the food, italian beef and sausage combo, of course, fries, chocolate malt, giant beers (thank you!) salad and a turkey club.  the club was ok, the salad was better, fine chop greek salad, the combo was awesome: bread (check), sausage (check check), beef (check), aux jus (check), yes this was a masterpiece.  My only negative was the beef, it was a bit clumped up, my guess is they need to mix it up a little better while they are reheatin in the aux jus.  it gives you that hard chewy bite not the melt in your mouth one.  Otherwise, this was pure heaven.  Seasoning was just what you expect: pow to your tastebuds.  The fries were a distraction, standard frozen crinkle cuts, cooked perfectly. If we could get ALs and Portillos together wow what a sandwich....Skip the Chicago hot dog, go straight for the Italian BeefWe got the Italian beef (dipped in au jus) with hot peppers and cheese sauce. So damn good. We were really disappointed in the Chicago dog.The atmosphere is incredible. Singing employees. Original artifacts from the old Chicago Bulls/Blackhawks stadium.I was actually on a pizza tour when the tour guide recommended Portillo's for their Italian beef.  So we took his word for it and stopped by.  It was a chance to try both the Italian beef and the Chicago style hot dog.  We were also told about the crazy chocolate cake shake.  The place was pretty busy and there was a bit of a wait.  Finding a seat wasn't a problem though.  The woman calling out the order numbers was adorable!  There was a rhyme for any number she called. The Italian beef was super tender.  We got it dipped with both sweet and hot peppers.  The Chicago dog had too much going on for me.  Especially since I don't like relish or pickles or anything else that was on it..The chocolate cake shake was my favorite item that we ordered.  It was a tad thick considering the straw but I really like it.  Very sweet though.  Fun place that was super filling for a fairly cheap price.I had the best cheeseburger and grilled tuna sandwich here !!I highly recommend this place to anyone who is visiting Chicago.I like simple hot dogs: meat, bun, and some yellow mustard.Portillos however I love!! I might even be bold enough to say that I like Chicago hot dogs better than NY or any other city!Cheap, delicious, and fast.Great story of how my boyfriend and I found this place. We'd just finished waiting forever to visit the Skydeck on the Saturday before New Year's Eve(terrible planning on our part), and we did NOT want to walk all the way back to our hotel. So, we hit up a pedicab hanging out on the street to take us home.He was great to chat with and when we mentioned dinner plans, he asked what we were in the mood for. No idea, we said. He asked if we'd gotten a classic Italian Beef sandwich yet, and we said no. His response was, "okay, I am NOT taking you back to your hotel, I'm taking you to Portillo's!" and what a great recommendation that was!The place is huge with precious, crazy diorama-type scenes hanging from the ceilings. They have multiple service lines depending on what you want(pasta, hot dogs, dessert, alcoholic drinks, etc.) so we went straight to the sandwich line. I got the Italian Beef, dipped like our pedicab guy said to do, with mozzarella and sweet peppers, and a slice of the Legendary Chocolate Cake to go because it really did look good. My boyfriend ordered the Italian Sausage and Beef sandwich, dipped, with hot and sweet peppers. Both sandwiches were huge to match our appetites and absolutely delicious! I ate the cake for breakfast the next morning in the hotel, and it definitely lives up to its name. If(when?) we go back to Chicago someday, we will be sure to stop by this place again!all staff were AMAZINGLY FRIENDLY! i wanted to changed from strawberry milk shake to the mint (limited time special) while waiting, the cashier didn't seem to mind, and was more than happy to communicate the request.The food staff were also friend! great food place here.Ordered a Jumbo Hotdog, Onion Rings, and milk shake = for $9 something (under $10). Highly recommended.The hot dogs were the rave, but I found it to taste plain, poppyseed bun with a regular vienna hot dog topped with a salad.. Ehhhh. I feel like I could make that hot dog at home. The Italian sausage wasn't the best I've ever had, it wasn't bad though. BUT THE BEEF SANDWICH was the BEST SANDWICH EVER! The beef was so tender! If you just have one thing, let it be the italian beef sandwich!We visited Portillo's Hot Dogs on the suggestion of a friend during our recent trip to Chicago.  It was my first time in Chicago and I sought to eat food at famous restaurants that are known for their Chicago food specialties, including hot dogs, deep dish pizzas, and Italian beef sandwiches.  We were very happy with the hot dogs at Portillo's.  The hot dogs were delicious, very reasonably priced, and we sat in a cool dining area with a couple other restaurants surrounding us.  I ordered the hot dog, which came with mustard, relish, freshly chopped onions, sliced red ripe tomatoes, kosher pickle and sport peppers piled onto a perfectly steamed poppy seed bun. I also ordered the cri-cut fries here and really enjoyed it.  An excellent meal indeed!  Mmm, so delicious!You also have quite a few other options at Portillo's - you can order hot dogs & chili dogs, chicken sandwiches, char-broiled burgers, beef-n-sausage sandwiches, meatless sandwiches, side orders, salads, etc.  So many options!  But for a first-time Chicago visitor, ordering a hot do was the clear choice for me.The food arrived quickly. I recommend Portillo's to anyone who wants authentic Chicago hot dogs.My cousin and coworker always rave about this place since they grew up in Chicago. There's one in California in Buena Park which I've been to quite a few times now. Having to visit Chicago, my friends and I had to go to Portillos, plus, my other friend has never tried it before. Nothing new to say about Portillos. It's just as good as the one in Buena Park.At least this location does the whole rhyming thing when your order is ready (haven't experienced it in Buena Park).Review on my experience  in CA: yelp.com/biz/portillos-b…Portillo's is my favorite place to get hot dogs and I love the decor at this particular Portillo's.  It's fun and colorful.  I remember coming here in elementary school for a field trip.My sister and I were in the area and stopped by for a snack.  We ordered the cheese fries.  The fries were hot and crisp.  The cheese had a good texture and flavor.  They were wonderful paired together.The restaurant has a lot of memorabilia.  When you go up the elevator to use the bathroom, there is a display case with toys and candy packages from different eras.I came after a meeting with a group of friends at around 11:00PM on a Friday and it was packed... a little difficult finding seats for a big group..but we were able to manage.Food:Beef & Cheddar Croissant ($5.25): yes it's as tasty and unhealthy as it sounds...consists of italian beef with cheese in a croissant...the menu says layered with cheese which i wouldn't necessarily agree with...in the past it used to be layered with cheese, but nowadays I can barely even see the cheese....if you dip it in the cheese sauce that you get for the fries.. it's perfect...the croissant basically melts in your mouth because it's semi-soaked in itailian beef juice/liquid...yes you'll feel it in your stomach after you eat it...*it tastes much better with the additional hot peppers (not the sweet peppers!) which will cost you an additional $0.45...it's worth it... adds some kick to the sandwich...Customer Service: is good and fast paced....no major issues, although it would be nicer if they would clear/clean the tables before ppl sit down..Atmosphere: I love the decor.. compared to the other Portillos I've been too (which are all nice), this place wins for having the best decor..Parking: I'm sure there's street parking.. but I would advise just taking public transportation...I would come here again if I was craving Portillos in the city... but it's not the safest area during the weekend because there's a lot of clubs/bars around the area.....so going there in a group setting is recommended..although seating might be difficult to find at first.On my first trip to Chicago, I had high hopes for this place for great Chicago style hot dogs as an avid fan of great hot dogs.This place is one of other restaurants/bars in a food court setting, so there's plenty of seating.  Simply put, boiled sausage plus soggy (with water) buns were failure.  It may be just my preference, but sausage must be grilled, period.If you want to try Chicago dog, I'd recommend Hot Doug or Phil's Last Stand--Hot Doug was the best among the three hot dog joints I tried.We entered a facility that surprisingly looked like a food court at a local mall. Upon further inspection  we saw the sign for Portillos. We reviewed yelp and agreed we had to try the "famous" Beef Sandwich and Chicago Style Hot Dog. We honestly were not expecting much from this venue. Portillos had more employees than an In-n-out burger and were pumping out the orders with the same type of efficiency. After some time we got our food and took a seat and unwrapped our sandwich and a hot dog that we would share.  As I glanced at the food it didn't look very impressive and I wondered in my mind what the big deal was. As soon as I took a bite I said wow this is pretty good. Like a good book as I delved deeper into the sandwich it got better and better!  The hot dog was pretty darn good as well and the wifey who initially wanted only a bite ended up finishing her entire portion. Thank goodness for yelp and tasty cheap eats!  There was also a steady flow of Chicago PD eating at the establishment which speaks to how good it is.UMPH! That's the noise I make when I think about the Italian Beef sandwich!Even though it was sufficiently gravy-ed, I would have liked even MORE of a dip.Sweet peppers were perfect!Crinkle fries a delight!My first ever Italian Beef was at Johnnie's and it was a life changing food experience (not really but extremely memorable) so I have to default the 5 to them. However, very very very close Portillo's!You just cant go wrong with portillos. They have THE best fries. Whenever i come out here to the burbs i have to stop. Great burgers and fries.You may have to wait in a long line but my opinion its worth the wait. I don't think there is one thing on the menu i haven't eaten.  Thank you Portillos for making my tummy happy!Im not a hot dog person and even if i get one I stick to basic mustard and thats it. Each visit to Chicago i stayed away from these "Chicago style dogs". On my visit this year i decided to live a little and try it.... I LOVE IT!!!!! When i returned home i was still craving the Portillo Chicago style dog so much i went to Sonic 3 days in a row to get the Chicago dog (no comparison to Portillos). I had to settle for that to calm my craving. On a previous visit to Portills i had a grilled chicken sandwich that was "blah" so ill stick to what they are knows for... the dogs.This Portillos location is really cool too. They have all types of food inside and the place is large & busy (2 levels). Its a fun ordering experience.I didn't eat red meat or hot dogs when I used to live in the Midwest (what a shame, I definitely was missing out), but this place would have converted me otherwise. Now, I'm in San Francisco and wishing they had one closer to me.I came here when I was visiting Chicago and it's definitely going to be one of the meals I need to have when I visit, in addition to deep dish pizza. Do not come here thinking you are going to eat healthy; just indulge in the delicious hot dogs, sandwiches, fries, and milkshakes. It will be worth the calories.I had a Chicago style hot dog - for those of you who don't know what it is (like myself), it's a beef hot dog on a poppy seed bun, with mustard, onions, tomatoes, sweet peppers, and a pickle spear. It was pretty inexpensive ($2.75), but it was a little on the small side so I wish I had gotten 2 after I finished mine. Or, there's an option for a Jumbo Dog. The meat was flavorful, the bun was soft, and all the condiments complimented each other perfectly. I don't even like raw onions, but whatever they did to them, I liked them on the hot dog.The fries were $1.85 for a small fries (which was actually quite large for one person), and $0.75 for cheese sauce, which was basically just cheez whiz in a little container. I could probably had done without both, and next time will try onion rings or just get two sandwiches. The fries were crinkle cut fries and deep fried to perfection. I wanted to get the chocolate cake milkshake, and try more from their menu, but I'll have to save it for my next trip to Chicago. If you're around this area, or on Michigan Ave shopping, make a detour and come here. It's cheaper than mall food and certainly tastes better. 1500 Yelp reviews don't lie.The famous Chicago hot dog!Friends and co-workers recommended this spot for the authentic taste of a Chicago hot dog. I ordered the hot dog with everything on it (tomato, onion, side pickle and a side of melted cheese). It was alright, I never craved for the hot dog again on my trip. Shout-out to the lady on the mic who was calling out numbers and making it rhymeI'm not much of a hot-dog fan.It wasn't the Portillos that I experienced over 15 years ago.The restaurant was lively, loud, and clean.  There was no line to order food or drinks.  I ordered 2 dogs and a beer. I went over and got my beer while waiting for my order. The guy serving was interesting to talk too.  He was busy filling drink orders.  I got my beer and was still waiting on my two dogs.And I waited.  Other orders came and went.  For the number of folks they had around the counter you figure they could get out 2 dogs (with NO sides) relatively fast.I eventually got them and enjoyed them.  They did not disappoint.  I am glad I got two - one would have been to little/small.Best Chicago hot dog!  Great beefs too. If you ask for a cup of beef you can take it home and make it a sandwich later. Love this place.They are know for the hot dog but also have great saladsItalian Beef Sandwich was everything I imagined it to be and more.  Perfectly succulent thinly sliced beef with some expertly prepared hot peppers to balance out the flavor.  Sooo Good!My friend had the Maxwell Street Polish and she said it was the best thing she ate on our trip to Chicago.  Keep in mind we also ate at restaurants such as Little Goat and Au Cheval.  Outstanding!!I know there's one not too far from me. But my first time eating at Portillo's was when we went to Chicago. I had the Chicago Dog (since I was in Chicago). I also tried bites of my friends Combo (Italian Beef and Italian Sausage). Both were so awesome. The place was packed, but they got through the lines pretty quickly. They also have a very boisterous way of having you come get your order. There is a lady at the counter who basically sings a random song in between singing order numbers to come get their food. Her voice? Just okay. Nothing The Voice worthy. BUT they had a pretty efficient system that seemed to work. I thoroughly enjoyed my Chicago dog, but I really loved the Italian beef. To the point that I almost dream about eating the Italian beef sandwich again. A friend has tried the one close to us and says it tastes the same. Guess I need to make a trip down to the OC soon.Right off the airplane...almost midnight and my good friend takes me here for my first Chicago styled hot dog! OMG it was so goood! I asked for a polish dog instead of beef. No ketchup!Poppy seed bun, polish dog, onions, pickles, relish, mustard, green peppers, and tomatoes,.....wow it was so good!The venue was soooo cute!!! It was so much fun just being inside and looking at all of the neat stuff they had inside.Some of my friends told me to try Hot Dougs for hot dogs; however, they were closed when I was in Chicago when I found out about it (closed on Sundays).  I looked up more places to try and Portillo's came up on my search.  If I ever lived in Chicago, then this would probably be my go-to place for hot dogs and other fast-food-like foods.  This was a large restaurant that had plenty of seating on the ground floor and outside as well as upstairs.  There were 3 different lines: one line for hot dogs, burgers, and others that I can't remember, one line for salad, pasta, and one line for frozen custard.  There were a lot of people eating here and the line was long for the hot dogs.I ordered a Jumbo Hot Dog ($3.15), a Double Cheeseburger ($7.35), and a small soda ($1.85).  It took awhile before my order was ready but that told me that this place was constantly busy because of the food must be good, right? lol  I finally got my food and started to eat.  The Jumbo Hot Dog was delicious and the Double Cheeseburger was great as well!  I wanted to order more food; however, the line was longer than when we first came here so I decided not to.  What I should have done was order something from each of the lines. lol  I'm sure the other food was great as well but  I could be wrong.Great place and I would definitely be back if I'm in Chicago again.First hot dog I tried in Chicago, pretty good.  I love the assortment of pickles and vegetables they put in the hot dog.The ordering and picking up system is like controlled chaos.  There are so many people but they seem to have it under control.All I had was the italian beef sandwich but it was damn good and so damn filling. Definitely go check it out whenever you are in downtown chicago.First time having a Chicago dog. Loved it. Ordered one standard with the lot. Could probably eat 3 but maybe 2 would be a good compromise. Shared large fries. Fast pickup from ordering. Hectic but well organized. Coldest beer I've ever had. Glasses came out of the freezer! Heaps of seating, sat in the "outdoor cafe" by the road. Good atmos. Loved it!I love me a good sammy. I decided on the Italian Beef Sandwich and Chicago hot dog, I recommend you add some peppers (hot or sweet) onto your sandwich for an added kick. I preferred the sandwich over the hot dog, maybe cause the hot dog was missing something.......ketchup perhaps? *gasp*Some people get the sandwich dipped in the au jus but i chose not to since I'm already a messy eater and only had a "splash" of gravy, YUM. The hot dog wasn't anything special and I probably would have been more satisfied with another italian beef. My only complaint would be the chick at the cash register was rude when taking my order, I called her some choice words under my breath and quickly got over it. We're best friends now.ITALIAN BEEF is where it's at, y'all.I tried the Chicago dog and it was alright. My friends ordered a 9in dog...that had no hot dog. It was interesting. The fries were okay but what i really liked there was the frozen turtle custard icecream. It was delicious. The service was alright and so was the food. Although, the decorations inside were interesint to look at.:)This place is what I expected. I had the Chicago style dog with cheese fries and small milk shake. Service was quick and hot off the grill. Very crowded but not overbearing for a friday nightI don't eat hot dogs very often, but when I'm in Chicago, I always stop at Portillo's for a Chicago Dog.  I have family in Chicago, and I've visited many times over the years.  Of the places we've gone, the two best for dogs are Portillo's and Superdawg, with Portillo's being much more convenient to downtown.A Portillo's Chicago Dog starts with Vienna Beef, widely acknowledged to be the dog of choice in this area.  The dog itself is juicy and flavorful, and once it's topped with a crisp pickle spear, tomato, hot 'sport' peppers, onions, relish and mustard, it's a flavor explosion!  If you're used to the plainer varieties common to other cities, you owe it to yourself to try one of these.  At only $2.75 (!!), it's beyond a bargain.Portillo's fries are also good:  a not-too-thick , not-too-thin medium crinkle cut, always hot and crisp, with good potato flavor.  Every time I've gone to Portillo's it's been full, but as others note, they have a very efficient system, the line moves fast, and diners don't linger, so tables are always turning over.  And with all the traffic, the food doesn't have a chance to sit - it's constantly being prepared hot and fresh.To top it all off, the servers there are friendly and entertaining (take that, hard-edged East Coast cities! - oh, wait, that's where I live . . . ).  Add it all up, and you can't not go here.Lil Mamma had the Portillos beef hot dog and I had the Italian beef sandwich...But wait...we WERE on the road headed home and wanted a snack so we stopped at Subway. Before she took a bite outta her sub she saw Portillos...and was like "aww hell naw, we're going there!"...the rest was history.I thought Nathans was the bomb...Portillos is the bomb-diggity!!!!!!!I probably could go here every week, but I would get super fat dipping my fries in yummy golden cheese and stuffing my face with the hot dog and Italian beef sandwich strewn with gardenia and dipped in au jus.  My gawd...writing this review is making my mouth water and miss Chicago.  Avoid the rush times and you'll be okay since the line can get uber long.Beef beef beef beef and beef5 starts and nothing to be added!An incredible beef sandwich, best in the world.Clean, appealing, noisy, beautiful, its has it all.Great job from a food chain.Congratulation keep popping them up, we should have more of them.**HOLY HOT DOGS! GET THE MAXWELL! **Had to experience the CHI hot dog hype for myself.AMBIANCE==========Next to McD's.Very casual setting.Think food court.FOOD=====OK it doesn't get better than the:CHAR-GRILLED MAXWELL STREET STYLE POLISH ($3.79)Grilled in the traditional way it was done on historic Maxwell Street and prepared with mustard and grilled onions. SImple and good. Nothing beats grilled dogs (I mean hot dogs, people; not Fido). Good buns, too. :DI could have easily eaten two of these (except had to go to dinner afterward elsewhere).NOTE TO SELF=============Also NEED to try their chocolate cake and beer next time.In the meantime, I'm doing the cleanse liquid diet. Thanks, Chicago.RECOMMEND.The D word is not allowed at Portillo's!Ditch the DIET. My time in Chicago was limited, so I 'had' to order both the Italian beef with sweet peppers AND a hot dog. The snap of the hot dog and the juicy flavorful beef on a hoagie roll made my day. I will see you both again.I came here again for a quick bite since it was highly recommended by a local. It was actually my second time here but he didn't know that. Anytime multiple people recommend the same place in a great food city like Chicago, you know it will be good. When I walked in the place was covered in Christmas decorations and had holiday music. The staff was really friendly. This time I got the Italian beef with hot pepper. I was a little surprised when I got it and the bread was already soggy. I didn't think I would like it. But it was delicious. I just wish I could eat more so I could try more stuff on the menu!Dick Portillo is the man of the century, in my mind at least.Every single time (not an exaggeration)  I walk into Portillo's, the drive through is a 15 minute wait and the line inside wraps around the corner. And baby you better believe it, the hype is REAL!FAVORITES:Double Bacon Cheese BurgerMaxwell Street PolishBig (BIG) BeefPeasant PastaRigatoni A La VodkaChopped Salad (MUST HAVE)If I ever get the chance to meet Mr. Portillo himself in person, I worry that my taste buds will jump straight out my mouth and give him the biggest hug he's ever seen.Oh my..  Portillo's Italian Beef sandwich: It is absolutely mouthwatering.This cafeteria styled restaurant was PACKED when we walked in and I thought we'd be waiting forever. Yet, we moved through the line within less than 10 minutes and about 5 minutes after that I had my food in hand. I credit this to the organization they practice. One person handing out menus as you walk in the door. The next person takes your order and writes it on a bag and hands it to you. Then, you wait to pay at one of four registers that are all staffed with quick cashiers. They take your bag, type up your order, beep-boop-beep, take yo' money and send you along to wait for your goodies. Numbers listed on receipts are called over a microphone, for you to pick up your now-filled bag (that they took your order on) and drinks are pre-poured into cups and labeled for quick passing.Looking around while I waited a couple minutes for my meal, I noticed a ton of cool decor including mannequins doing cute things like sleeping on a porch or sitting in the front seat of a car suspended by the ceiling. There are cutesy things hanging all over the place and really a lot of places to sit.Moving along, the actual sandwich is enormous. I mean.. Like too big to bite into without looking like a total slob. By the time you realize this, you're already into it, tasting it, groaning and rolling your eyes back into your head.. and you don't care how stupid you look with meat and drippings on your chin.. shirt... table.. pants..In addition to my sammich, I added a small soda and a small order of cheese fries. The cheese for the fries reminds me of the cheese from Steak N Shake only Portillo's is GOOD.. and by good, I mean, REALLY GOOD. So savory.. you'll want to lick the little foam cup clean.These three things I paid around $11 for, and rejoice-I-did, for I was full and satisfied by the time I rolled outta there.This place is buzzing.  I felt like I was in the middle of Coney Island in June.  If you don't get the reference, just know it's busy.  Lines of people that seem to be going all over, people shouting order numbers and, oh, the smell of delicious encased meats.  Senses, say hello to overload.This was my first experience with a Chicago hot dog.  I had been in the Windy City for 21 days, 14 hours, 27 minutes and lets say 43 seconds with the thought of getting a proper hot dog, not like I was counting or anything.  It was time; the air was right.  I'm a funny guy; I love choices, yet I can't make my mind up about much in any kind of sane time frame.  Luckily, the decision to order a Chicago hot dog with the works came faster than most others.  I think my biggest mistake was that I only ordered one...This hot dog is completely unassuming.  It isn't huge.  It isn't overly long or even pop out of the top of its delicious poppy seed bun.  I think, because of this, it was a little under whelming for me at first.  I was expecting this gigantic hot dog with so many things on it I was going to wish my jaw unhinged to fit a bite.  Not the case.  Instead, you need to think quality over quantity.  The dog had a great flavor and the fixins were awesome.  I never had a hot dog with a pickle spear on top of it, but you'd be wrong if you thought another other dog I eat would be without one!  That with the fresh tomato slices (don't you dare put that sloppy ketchup on a Chi-Town Dog), mini hot peppers, diced onions and mustard will make you want a second.  Do the dog with everything and you won't be disappointed.  Just a warning tough, all of you that heard Chicago makes the best hot dog may be a little under whelmed, like I was at first.  The dog, itself, is going to be very similar to what you know and love.  (I think I may catch a little heat from that remark, and by a little I mean a lot.)  The pupil dilating moment comes when you nosh down on the way they dress up that beloved dog.  Have a Chicago style hot dog and the next time you're busting up that Nathan's you'll be looking for the pickle spear to add to the top of it!  Go ahead,  it's the right thing to do.Noteworthy Points:The line looks long, but goes fast.  Takes credit cards.Grab a menu before you jump in line so you're ready to give the guy who walks around your order to speed things up.Don't be scared; get the dog with everything.  By the way, all that love is only $2.75.I'm not a fast food fan but this place is ridiculously good.The selection is fierce... lot's of items too choose from.The menu is a bit scattered and it can be incredibly busy so pay attention and follow the signs.It'sa hella-touristy but screams Chicago-Style at every turn from the Maxwell Street Polish to the Windy-City Wieners to the South-Side Sausages to the Schurz High Schnitzel to the Hyde Park hot dogs to the Fullerton frankfurters and other long encased meats named after various Chicago locales... who knows what the hell they have?!?! (^see last paragraph^)All the celebs "apparently" have eaten here according to the countless (really, I did not count) signed pictures stating how great the DIck is at Hot's Dog's joint - or is it "how great the hot dog's are at Dick's joint"?Who cares? Right?! I mean if you have a BEEF with my review, you can check this place out for yourself. Dry and hot with juice on the side... and don't forget the chocolate MALT... did I SAY, "SHAKE"? NO!!! I said, "MALT!!" To go, please!When I had my first Chicago dog from Portillo's. I thought to myself it was just meh. Then I looked at the bag they gave me and found out they had a store in LA. Sigh, I only wanted something that I could get in Chicago. I don't think I would be going back again. It was just something I had to cross off of my list of things to try while in Chicago.First let's start with dessert... The Cake Shake is a mixture of shake and their famous chocolate cake. YUM. You could probably share this with a friend, since they're so rich. They're famous for their italian beef and hotdogs and do both very well. The hotdogs are great but a little small and the italian beef is always really really good. Anytime we have visitors we take them to this Chicagoland staple.So in reading the reviews, it sounds like I should have ordered the Italian Beef... which I had considered, but since I had never had a Chicago Dog... I decided this would be the place to pop that particular cherry.  Guess it just means I will need to come back and try the Italian Beef!Anyway, you can't miss the place, but beware, it is le busy (French for busy).  Our group of 20 was... well, it was difficult to find seating for everyone.  We did it, with the help of our native Chicagoan who had no problem swooping in and grabbing tables as people were leaving.  One of the staff members told us she would take our orders and they would bring them up to us... that way we didn't have to go in waves or all go back downstairs and flood the ordering area.  The thing is that she put our initial (first name initial) on them, so those of us with the same first name initial... well it was a bit confusing.I ordered a Hot Dog (the Chicago-style dog), small fries, and a small Chocolate Cake Shake.  The Chocolate Cake Shake was the one thing I HAD to have.  I knew there was a chance that I would have some serious gastrointestinal fireworks because of my intolerance, but I had to have it.  In fact, one of the students at my table changed her Coke order to a Chocolate Cake Shake.  The order took forever.  I know it was busy downstairs, and I thought maybe they were sending the entire order out at the same time, but they didn't.  So was a little confused at the time it took to get orders, but whatever.  We sent some of the students downstairs to help pick up the orders since it was just the waitress.By the end of it, we had one student who didn't receive her order, but the waitress finally got her the food.  The fries were great, the dog... well my bun look like it was going to disintegrate.  I can say that I don't think I am a Chicago Dog fan, but that wouldn't stop me from ordering other dogs here.  Now, the Chocolate Cake Shake... AMAZING!  Who would have thought cake in a milkshake would be delicious... but whoever did... thank you!  Hint:  There is small slice of the cake at the bottom of the shake ;)No way you can hate portillos. Chicago is all about hot dogs. Duh.Can't do without cheese fries, chocolate cake shake, & the strawberry shortcake. Freaking yum.My 11 year old loves this place and has probably tried everything on the menu at least once!He's in good company...The burger here is juicy, delectable and pairs insanely well their perfectly salted fries. Also amazing.Their Italian beef is stellar. Super juicy, tender, heavy dipped, piled high with spicy giardineira. The best in town.The cake shake can barely fit through the straw it's so thick... It's amazing!The strawberry, vanilla and chocolate shakes here are rich and can definitely fill you up.The beers come in large oversized glasses.Ok, So the food is amazing. The service? Equally as good. Everyone who works here seems really happy, upbeat and enjoys their job. It's refreshing! Even in the rain and snow, the drive through workers are super nice.If you're visiting Chicago, just go here, seriously. It's an experience and very fun and very cheap! The hot dogs are great (to be honest, I don't think I could ever be wowed completely by a hot dog), the cheese fries come with a pot of cheese to dip them into, and there's plenty of place to sit and enjoy.Oh! One of the best things about this place has to be the lady that was calling out orders (not sure if she's a regular or if we just got lucky) - she definitely has the Midwest charm down!I tried two Chicago style hotdogs and I prefer Italian something(..) one :-) The size of this shop was interesting, by the wayGREAT staff, a bit shaky on details.' been going here for years most frequently through the drive thru which has the hardest working people in the city. Of course, the food tastes great and they have several classics if you are in the mood to up the calorie load for the day. One note which dropped it down from a "5" is the inconsistency in how they pack "to go" items, specifically forgetting bread in the salad orders. And, I don't know why their bread is so meager compared to the location near Old Orchard. Still, don't let that stop you. Hot crispy fries, incredible chocolate cake and beefs. All that is good in life.I met a group of girls who go to school in Chicago who insisted that I try Portillo's during my trip, and I'm so glad I did. You can't go to Chicago without trying a Chicago style hot dog!I got the classic hot dog as well as a side of onion rings. The meal itself was fantastic and I would recommend it to anyone, but it was the service here that was spectacular. Portillo's staff is extremely friendly as well as lively. If there's a long line, the staff will strike up conversation with you after taking your order. You pick up your order at a counter on the other side of the place, and the girl calling out orders was rhyming all of the order numbers to keep it from getting boring. The entire place is just full of energy - AND the food is good. If you're in town, give this place a try!Food---good.  Service is a disjointed train wreck.  What a mess of a set-up.  Be sure to check and double-check that your order is recorded correctly on your bag---otherwise you get to experience additional copious amounts of subpar service.Ugh, no. Just no. Why I came BACK here after trying it in 2009 and having a so-so experience is beyond me.And I'm not trashing it because I don't get the Chicago dog. I love the Chicago dog, especially if it's done right with sport peppers, celery salt, mustard, the 99 other kinds of veggies, the whole deal. It's something you can get in a lot of cities, but that I have higher expectations for when I visit Chicago.So coming back here expecting it to be better than the first time must have been a great failure of imagination on my part. It's made the right way, but it's just so bland and lame and ugh. The Maxwell Polish dog, which I also tried this time, was a little better, but in most cities a place like Portillo's would be a tourist trap. Maybe it is here as well....I hope no locals are standing in line for this unless they're really drunk.Chicago is a junk-food paradise, but not because of Portillo's.Great place, was surprised at how inexpensive it was.I had the Italian Beef, it was awesome. My girlfriend had the ribs, and said they were among the best she had ever had (and we have been to Memphis and other cities known for their ribs).The staff were all really friendly, sad it's not in my city, or I'd bed a regular.This was my first time having Italian Beef in Chicago and I got to say I love it. It is a bit messy but the flavor is awesome. The meat was thinly sliced and tasted like the beef in Gyudo, in a good way.The atmosphere is lively and fun, and is great for a touristy and/or local foodie experience.Next time I will try other stuffs. Everything looks good.Gotta have it! The perfect spot to try out a Chicago style hot dog! AND don't forget the Italian beef sandwich- thin slices of prime rib on an Italian roll dipped in meat juice (melt in your mouth delicious!) The chili and cheese fries are also a great side dish to add to your dining experience!For dessert you MUST try a slice of chocolate cake-- absolutely divine :)I loved Portillo's SO much, that I'm writing a review despite the fact that their are close to 1500 reviews already. Is it a bit of a tourist trap? Maybe. Do they have the MOST AMAZING ITALIAN BEEF SANDWICHES? Yes. That's a definite yes. If what they advertise is true, and they really do have the #1 Italian Beef sandwich in Chicago, I am undoubtedly buying what they are selling. I'm not sure a Chicago dog isn't a Chicago dog no matter where you get it. The Italian Sausage was really good.They're open late and in a pretty safe area of town, which was cool for not knowing the area very well. I have been craving Portillo's since we left Chicagoland, and if Dog's and Italian Beef aren't your thing, they do share their space with a Pasta and Pizza place, so there's a little something for everyone!This place is great, great food great severs and the kids would love it. Highly recommendItalian beef, sweet peppers, dipped.This is the ONLY reason to go to Portillo's. And it's more than enough reason to make a trip from far away to eat there.By far the best Italian beef in the world.I questioned if I should write a review for Portillo's when there are already 1,400+ written for this place, but Yelp told me "Your next review awaits" next to a picture of this Portillo's.* I most recently went to this location when someone was visiting from out of town and my move date away from Chicago was drawing near. Both are valid reasons to come here. If you are just craving Portillo's, I think there are locations that are run a bit better. The food and ambiance are awesome at this location, but it can be a bit chaotic and disorganized. (i.e. All of us ordering from Barnelli's - more on this distinction in a sec - had to ask for forks as they were out of them, and then the person managing drinks and distribution of food orders as they finished went across the counter and got take-out roles of plasticware)The food at this and any Portillo's location are great. There are the Chicago classics - hot dogs and Italian beefs. These are must-haves. I recommend Giardiniera on the beef if you like a spicy kick. I only recently learned that the availability of giardiniera across the city (even in Subway) is a Chicago thing. I also recommend asked for the sandwich dipped. It will make the sandwich messier, but it's so tasty. Nothing worse than a dry Italian beef sandwich (though some people like it that way) Besides the "must-have" Chicago classics, people love the Polish sausage or combination (beef with Polish). I also really like the chopped salad, which isn't a Chicago classic, but Portillo's is sort of known for it. I don't like that this location gives you bread vs. a poppyseed muffin that other locations give with the salad. I think the difference is if the place has a Barnelli's pasta bowl inside. If it does, like this location, there is a separate counter, and you must order and pay for a salad there. You will also get bread. I think.As far as food, I think you can't really go wrong. I personally don't love the cheddar and beef croissant though. I've been fooled a few times as I love all parts of the sandwich, but together it makes for a soggy mess that isn't worth it. Again, I recommend a dipped Italian beef for the best combination.Lastly, to get dessert or not? I usually don't, but I give in to the shakes sometimes. They are large and delicious.*For those of you who use both the mobile app you know what I mean. Yelp is smart and reminds you where you've been, which is super helpful when you are in a writing mood.Chicago style hot dog and Italian beef all for under $8? Yes please!! I don't particulary like hot dogs but Chicago style, hands down, is my absolute favorite. I love garnishes, what can I say. Plus everyone we encountered who worked there was super nice, the ladies calling your number loved my tattoo with teeth on it. Next time, I'll try the chocolate cake shake.Great hot dogs! I would definitely recommend this place as a stop on your visit to Chicago. The place was packed when we arrived, but no wait time.Awesome hotdogs and yummy strawberry milkshakes. Definitely a different experience here. Know what you want to order before you get to the register. Gets pretty crazy here! But we still come for the dogs anyway. The Italian sausage is also delicious!Lives up to its name, best hot dog joint ever. Had the Portillos and Maxwell, Personally I like the Portillos better as it has an even amount of vege to meat-healthy you know. The maxwell was flavourful too but a bit rich for my taste. The italian however ranks lowest on my scale as it's just singly topped with meat and just tasted boring but it was soft and juicy. Dessert: Chocolate cake shake a tad too sweet for my taste but like another reviewer mentioned I could of asked to omit the chocolate syrup. I will next time. Caramel pecan Sunday hit the spot being big enough to be a small meal. I shared this with family- think my meal was 3/4 dessert tonight. Stuffed and hope to be back for more.2nd visit: had the house salad, at $2 it's cheaper and bigger than McDonalds! and fresh it was.I was staying at the nearby Marriott suites and at 10 pm when hunger struck, I decided to look up the nearest offerings.  Portillos popped up and I knew instantly where I was going to get my fix after having heard so much about it. Putting on the multiple layers required in February Chicago weather, I headed out to this fine establishment. If people have a hard time locating it, it's right across the street from miccy d's. The interior is something to ogle at. I don't know how to describe it exactly but imagine a round table mixed with a mall food court mixed with a two story bar. The line for the food itself wasn't too long and I ordered both recommendations of yelp: the chili cheese dog and their famous Chicago dog. I'm pretty sure that the preparation counter pictured in many photos just makes you hungrier the more you look at it. The chili dog wasn't my favorite since there was no flavor to it. It tasted like refried taco bell beans in sauce on top of a hot dog. I definitely wouldn't get it again, nor would I advise anyone else to eat it.The Chicago dog on the other hand was in good competition with Hot Doug's where I also trekked. I would say I definitely prefer that to portillos but this location is unbeatable. For $2.75 you can get a delicious dog, with a lot of flavors. Happy munching.What a dog! Went with the Chicago Dog - nice steamed poppy seed bun, thin by eef dog with all the goodies!  this was awesome. hubby went with the Char Grilled Maxwell Street Style Polish - prepared with mustard and grilled onions.  This was amazing.  dripping all over the place, but who cares!!! it is a 6 napkin hot dog!!!place is nicely decorated, for all my fellow Floridians, it reminded me of Sergio's decoration.  a collage of a lot of things that make no sense but someone look awesome together!!nice place - don't worry they are  efficient - take your order - write it down on a paper bag - you receive same paper bag back with your food inside.....While visiting Chicago, my broseph and I stopped at Portillo's after watching a ball game at Wrigley Field. Sound like one of the best days ever for a tourist? Yeah, pretty much. So this place has over 1400 reviews. Most likely there isn't a whole lot that hasn't been said. Here's the 3 reasons why I gave this 5 stars. 1. They had a security guy at the door... at a hot dog joint. What's that about? I don't know, but it was amusing to see. Score.2. The girls behind the counter were cool, fun to talk to and helpful. Great customer service.3. Best hot dog I've ever eaten... in my life. I rarely eat hot dogs. I probably haven't had one in over 6 months, maybe a year. If they all tasted like this... I may very well be eating them weekly. A must stop if you're in the Chicago area. I may schedule another trip real soon just so I can get myself another Portillo's dog.Went here straight after Gino's Pizza for a post-meal meal.  That's just how I [jelly] roll.  So glad the waitress recommended it as THE spot for what I was looking for - Italian beef dip sandwiches.  Almost went to Al's as it was closer, but apparently that's the McDonald's of beef dip.Ordered the Italian Beef sandwich "hot & wet".  Dripping with juices down my fingers while I gorged on the spicy giardiniera.  Ravaged it."You nasty, Twin!I don't care..."- Big PunI have very few complaints about this place.It wasn't far from our hotel. The line, while pretty long, moved very efficiently (and the ladies who sang and rhymed out the orders were literally as satisfying as the food), and they had about 75% of our entire Chicago-Food-Bucket-List on the menu. And research told me that they were at least very good, if not great, on each!We stopped in for our first lunch in the city to knock out a Chicago dog. Which Muneezeh K. and I each did with aplomb. It was my first true Chicago dog (they just taste better IN Chicago, ya know), and it didn't really disappoint. I am still not sold that "the Chicago dog is the greatest iteration of the hot dog and all other competitors need not apply!!!1!!" as some people seem to be. But this seemed to be a pretty solid example of a 2nd City wiener. Better than the dog though, imhTo (T is for Texan), was the Italian beef. Drippy, messy, spicy, nasty, in the all of the best possible ways. I am always a sucker for a good giardiniera, and this certainly was. I probably could've come back for another one of those even though I was only in Chicago for a few days....oh that's right, I did!But on my return visit (on the way to the airport headed home), I also had something that was just as good as the Italian beef and probably better than the hot dog. The Maxwell St. Polish! It was toward the bottom "Nice To Have" (as opposed to "Must Have") section of the list, but should definitely be towards the top of yours! Deliciously topped with so many grilled onions, it was like have a french onion soup on top of a sausage (also pictured: mustard). Fantastic.As for the lack of  5th star:- Chocolate Cake Shake was ok. So rich it would need to be split between about 20 people at 5-6 sips a piece.- Cheese fries were...decent fries with a side of whiz? Maybe because I come from the land of queso, where people do amazing things with cheese as a topping, I am spoiled. But these were nothing to write home about.- And my biggest gripe?!? The name is not pronounced "Poor - Till - Os," with the till sounding like it was named after Chicago Bear, Charles Tillman. IT IS pronounced "Por- Tee- Os" (Spanish double L) with the middle portion sounding like something you would hit a golf ball off of. But every Chicagoan seems to be missing this. Maybe this review will change everything.Oh let's face it- this place is just fantastic. Sure it's not for the dieters of this world but if you're looking to stuff yer face with some tasty nitrates, then look no further!ITALIAN BEEF, DOUBLE DIPPED, with GIARDINERA. Double yes.Chicago Dog was pretty lame IMO, but the POLISH SAUSAGE was delicious.When you're in Chicago, you just have to come here. Plus it definitely won't break the bank!great hearty street food!  I had the Chicago Dog but next time I want to try the Beef Deip sandwich and/or the chili cheese dog.  This stuff aint gourmet high end fine dining.  But it has a GREAT vibe and atmosphere.... great employees... and coming into Chicago as a tourist, it made me feel like I got a slight taste of "Chicago."Again... if your some foodie looking for some mind blowing unique taste and experience.... this isn't it.  This is hearty, tasty, good street food in a casual, fun environment.This location had an especially long wait time, though to be fair it was dinner time on a friday. Food was the same great quality as I have come to expect from portillos.Customer service wasn't great though. Alot of people dont pay attention so after announcing their order numbers 2+ times over the mic, the lady yelled them out in hopes they'd be listening closer and then would call out what the order consisted of. I was getting very impatient. finally she yelled out what was in my order. i said it was mine and they never called the number. she snapped back at me telling me they did, a lot. I was especially listening for it since so many unclaimed numbers were being called out and i didn't want to make their job harder. I'm sure that somewhere on the line someone got the orders mixed up and thats why so many were being unclaimed and eventually thrown away. It's a mix up that shouldn't happen but it's understandable. What is not cool is the attitude thrown back at me. Like really lady? Other than that, this place has a great layout and a bar which is cheaper than most of the joints in Near North. I feel like i should say, as far as their food, it is great. However, if you are a Chicagoan and you are looking for some good REAL Chicago style eats for cheap, dont ever go here for that reason. There are tons of amazing, cheap places in the city to get a great dog, beef, or pizza done the right way at the right price. The way i see it, $4 should be getting you 2 dogs n a drink, otherwise you're doin it wrong. Also, i'll never get italian beef from a place that allows me to order an italian beef an then not ask if i want it dry or wet.Hit it up!!!Portillos is the all american burger joint and if you have to eat fast food this is my fav place to do it at . cake shake is a must.I wanted to go to Hot Dougs but it's closed on Sundays so we came here instead. I got the hot dog (Chicago style) and cheese fries. Was NOT disappointed! I like that they put the cheese on the side to dip the fries instead of pre-drenching the fries. The peppers on the hot dog are reaaaaally spicy and I love it! I was full after eating one hot dog and fries... Was worried it wasn't going to be enough food. My friend got 2 hot dogs (Chicago & Polish) and couldn't finish it. The Polish dog sounds good but it didn't taste as good as the Chicago style.Hubby and I were doing Hop On Hop Off and the 3 guides we tried all spoke of the must have Portillos. Chicago hot dogs are supposed to be eaten sans ketchup. Well, my kind of hotdog is a corndog with lots of ketchup and mustard, but when in rome.... We went here around 230pm, so there was not much of a crowd and wait time wasn't bad. Was I just hungry or was it really that good? I thought it was pretty tasty and true that no ketchup is needed. It was tasty and filling and my hubby went for seconds. He also tried the italian beef. I ordered the cheesy fries which is pretty much fries with nacho/squeeze cheese, so that was kind of a disappointment. I also ordered the cake shake which was a choc cake in a choc shake. It was very interesting, I'm sure kids would love it. It was pretty good, but I didn't finish it as it was hard to drink. It was more like a wet cake. Still, worth a try. By the way, they serve alcohol and there's also a drive-thru (I doubt the drive-thru serves alcohol)!I'm so glad that one of the waiters from another restaurant recommended this place.I think I must have gone here every single night while I was in Chicago.  I really like their Chicago Dog and french fries.  A hot dog with a pickle spear and hot peppers is such a great idea! The facility itself is huge so it can accommodate a lot of people.  The service is quick.  The food is cheap! Nothing is better than that combination.YUMM all i can say as soon as we landed from New York City we came straight here to get some of the famous food we heard about them. we were told to get the Chicago style hot dog and the beef sandwich. I WAS NOT disappointed! they portions are HUGE here and you will be full by the time you leave the restaurant. the place can get packed pretty quickly so you need to get there quick but we went during lunch time and like 8000090 people came in as we sat down and ate.  the atmosphere is great! alot of Chicago memorabilia around the place with chicago cubs Bulls and Blackhawks on the shelf. very spacious as well where you eat. the prices are not bad at all and it is very good! if you are in chicago def come here!IT'S ALL ABOUT TEENA!!I was in Chicago this past weekend.  My father in law took D and I out to Portillo's for lunch.  It's more than just hot dogs.  There are great salads, burgers, ribs [even for shipping], hot subs, pasta, and a lot more.  It's laid out cafeteria style so one gets on line for the items they want, place an order and wait for their number to be called.This place was HOPPING with business.  The food was excellent for no nonsense food.  My father in law had a chopped salad which was full of great garden goodies and a generous portion.  D had two Chicago style hot dogs and fries.  The dogs had a great snap the bite, filled a fresh poppy seed roll and was overloaded with yummy toppings.  I had the steak and pepper sandwich.  It was huge and delicious with tender hot beef and plenty of peppers. The fries were hot and crisp.  OK, so I've gone over the food.  Let's talk about service.  Let's talk about Teena!  Teena was the order taker on my line.  She radiated throughout the entire dining room with fun, exuberance, and clear projection.  She alone was worth going to Portillo's.  Why?  Orders were called out by numbers and she made it FUN.  "Number 104, wait no more!", among other rhymes and whimsical call outs.  Again she was clear, loud, and fun.  She even sang! "I need a side of GRAVY!!"  I don't know what her title is, but she is gold and her wonderful personality proves that even the most mundane and repetitive tasks can be made into a fun time for both the employee and the customers.  Give that girl a promotion to a corporate trainer!Anything they could have done better?  Not really. We all had a blast!"Oh my gawd"Yep.. that about sums it up. It was between here and McD's for a pre-game meal of sorts. I wasn't convinced that I would like it and that it would take too long to get my food. Boy was I wrong. We walked in, hopped in line, was greeted by a staff person, and placed my order. I had the chicken sandwich and fries.. and while this seems like a blase choice, it was amazingly delicious and fresh and bonus that my fries were also hot! Couldn't ask for more from a place that offers quick eats..Typically, when I visit Chicago, I leave feeling sickly, overweight, and near death.  Mainly, because of the food.  Tasting menus.  BYOB dinners.  Deep dish pizza.  Foie gras here.  Italian beef there.My final meal before leaving Chicago was at Portillo's.  I kind of regret it because I had a flight to catch a few hours later.  But, YOLO, as our favorite large-foreheaded Canadian rapper would say.Overall, a sinfully gut-busting Italian beef sandwich.  Get it dipped in the jus sauce for that extra heart attack flavor!  Don't forget the cheese!  And hot peppers.  Shakes looked good, but I didnt want to end up in Jackson Park Hospital right when I had a plane to catch.A bit bummed that it's in a food court setting, though.  There are some other dining options in the building, but don't be too intimidated by Portillo's line -- it moves fast.My biggest regret in the past couple of weeks is not grabbing the steering wheel as the Hubster was driving us out of Chicago and pulling into the drive-thru. We came here for a quick lunch on the second day of our trip. The Hubster got the chicken burger and I got the Italian Beef.One bite and I was in love. I loved the pickled jalapenos, the crunchy/soft bread and especially the flavourful, fatty and fabulous beef. I think I ate the thing in 4 minutes. Normally, something that big can be divided into two meals for me. Wasn't happening. I should have just ordered another and kept it in my bag, casually stealing bites throughout the day. I also had a bite of the Hubster's chicken burger. Impossible crispy chicken, so so tasty. The atmosphere was super fun, but a bit confusing. It looked like you ordered in one place, and picked up in another, but there were also stalls that had cash registers, so I guess you could order there as well? I don't know. We sat on the covered patio, which was quite pleasant.Service was friendly, outgoing, excellent.Came to Chicago and went on a food rampage.  I wanted to try a variety of Italian beef sandwiches, but once I tasted this, the competition was over before it started.  This rating is based solely on the beef sandwich.  The beef was tender and juicy.  I also order it spicy, which provided a nice kick that wasn't overpowering, but increased the enjoyment of the sandwich.  Overall, if you are in chicago, this is a must go to.I'm fairly new to Chicago so when I was told that I am still a tourist because I have not eaten here, I jumped at the chance to change that status.However, I don't understand how this is a Chicago staple? It's not that good. Haters can hate. I had the italian beef sandwich and fries. This was okay, but not worth the hype. It was VERY greasy to the point that I could not finish it. My stomach hated me. I also tried my friend's hot dog which was a little less greasy. Maybe I need to try different things next time.. if I go back.I overheard someone say this place served chocolate cake milkshakes.zoOOOOOOooooom..... I was there.I don't really like hot dogs.  So, I guess it's no surprise I wasn't a fan of these.  Maybe I don't understand the Chicago dog, but a soggy bun, flavorless meat sack, and random smattering of toppings didn't really float my boat. Also, the crinkle-cut fries were really salty. Bleh.But, god damn, I loved that chocolate cake milk shake.  It was blended just enough that you could taste every cake morsel.  This would be my dessert of choice if a Portillos existed in Las Vegas.2 stars for food, 5 stars for the shake.  Average it out at 3.5.P.S. - this place is obscenely busy around lunch time.  Avoid if claustrophic.Portillo's is one of my favorite spots to eat whenever I'm in Chicago! There are so many choices on the menu, and all of them are amazing! Since it's so popular and this location has so much seating, there was always a wait to receive food. I would recommend their polish dog and pastas :) I can't wait to find an excuse to visit Chicago again for Portillo's!In the years I've lived in Chicagoland, I never visited the Portillo's in River North.  This was my first time.We were staying at the Hotel Felix, about a block north of here.  It was 11pm and I was hungry.  My wife was not feeling well, so I went to pick up something for her at Walgreens and noticed this was across the street.There are many Portillo's locations around Chicago and the suburbs.  When I do go, I go to either the one in Rolling Meadows of in Schaumburg.  This one looks and feels different.  It does not have the "kitch" of the others.  The ones in the suburbs are loaded with posters and toys, old advertising signs and the like.  If they had any here, they were subdued.But, like all Portillo's, they have a menu of Chicago favorites - hamburgers, hot dogs, chili, Italian Beef, Sausage and Peppers, Pepper and Eggs, fish sandwiches.  They also have a separate counter for salad and Italian food.  I stuck with a burger and took it back to my room.Portillo's is amazingly consistent in quality and service across their locations.  This one was no different.  The food is fresh and inexpensive.  The service is fast and friendly.How can you go to Chicago and not get Italian beef at this spot?  Now.. I know most people probably are here for the hot dogs.. but I haven't met a hot dog I love yet.  Well.. maybe a corn dog.. in Texas.This place is packed but they have an efficient system.  They write down what you want on a bag.. you pay for it and then you wait to pick up your food.  I thought the Italian beef was good.. but I loved the sweet peppers (extra 50 cents) but yum since it's probably drenched in that tasty au jus from the Italian beef.  The onion rings are also good.  Did not try the shake or anything else.Packed spot.. the person you pick up the food from is really REALLY loud.Great Chicago stuff hanging in the restaurant.I was hoping to try an amazing Chicago Dog here, but it only was OK.I did get to try an amazing Italian Beef Sandwich here.  The sandwich was wrapped to contain all the juices.  When I unwrapped the sandwich, all this steam came floating out.  The sandwich was juicy, soft, and tasty.I am a huge fan of Hotdogs - it's one of my favorite foods actually.  When I first arrived in Chicago, the first thing on my mind was not work or any of that stuff, but it was where to find the nearest place to try one of the legendary Chicago Style hotdogs.  I yelped a considerable amount with some promising leads but many of the places where too far.  I finally stumbled on Portillo's - which on paper sounded very promising (and close) - however as I approached and saw many chain restaurants and this frightened me even more when I saw the Rain Forest Café - Yikes.  And when I saw Portillo's, it looked like a gigantic tourist trap - beware looks can be deceiving as Portillo's is almost like an open-air food court which many things and they are all very delicious.  I ordered one Chicago Hot Dog -  I took one bite and it was as if for a moment all of life's nonsense evaporated as I took bite after the other of fluffy poppy-seed bread, sweet and tender Vienna beef, juicy tomatoes, fresh crisp onions, and the chili pepper for the kick.  it was sinful - I had another one - delicious - then another - I realized they had Frozen Custard.  This immediately piqued my interest.  The lady behind the counter was unbelievably bitchy and probably had an IQ of three but she was at least able to provide me the frozen custard I oh-so-coveted.  It was also exceptional - I ate an entire pint.The prices are right and I'd come back here in a split-second, hands-down.  The Chicago Hotdog meets the hype and is one of the many things that make this city so legendary.The last few times I've been here the food has bordered on gross. Limp, tasteless burger. Soggy fries.  The Chocolate Cake Shake is still the best, though.I won't be taking any more out-of-towners here to sample Chicago-only items, there are other better places even nearby for those.Overrated, overpriced hot dogs. With a certain amount of drunchies, these can be great but a regular Chicago styled dog here was somewhat disappointing. The seeded bun was great, but in all honesty I'd rather save the money AND have a better hotdog from Costco. Cheese fries however, were spectacular.My very first dining experience in Chicago and it did not disappoint. I was also VERY hungry might I add.I had to try their Chicago dog which was very good and I couldn't stop there since I've heard their Italian beef is the most popular item so I also managed to eat an entire one of those as well. Both delish and hit the spot after a long week!I had a beer and their chocolate cake. I forget which beer I had but they were very friendly when I asked to try it before hand - in my defense, it's on draft I wasn't asking to open a bottle ;) This is a fun place to grab a quick bite - order at the counter, pick up at the other other counter, beer/wine served at another counter and seat yourself.The building itself was really neat as well.The restrooms are located upstairs and were clean, always appreciated.Certainly worth the experience if you visiting Chicago and eat meat :)I've been waiting for my boyfriend to visit so we could try this place! This is definately a place you should take the men in your life. Between hot dogs and italian beefs sandwiches you cannot go wrong.Everything is salty, I think that is what makes it so good!Try a Chicago dog if you haven't yet, you gotta check out the cheese fries, and split an italian beef sandwich with someone so you can try all three of these and not feel weird ordering this feast for yourself!The sweet peppers tasted like plain bell peppers.Seeing as my boyfriend demanded we go here 2 times in 4 days, we will be back!I had the Apple Walnut Salad, it was very fresh and tasty. The service was fast and friendly. The chop salad my friend had looked great too! I may try that one next time! I would definitely go back again!I don't get the hype here.. Great Italian Beef Sandwich but that's about it!  Burger is totally forgettable and the hot dogs I have had from here are always like "Wet" and soggy?  Yesterday tried the "Award Winning" Baby Back Ribs... barely cooked all the way and the only good part was the burnt ends on some of the ribs?  Sauce tasted like Open Pit!  Doesn't seem right cause I waited almost 20 minutes for the order!  It's always busy and definitely on the pricey side.. Two Cents/ Get dat didIt's like some kind of theme restaurant, but I don't know what the theme is. But none of that matters because it really is as good as they say. Get the cheese fries; best fast food nacho cheese I've ever had. It actually tastes like cheese. Oh, and the hot dogs. Get those too.I walked over with a group of 8 people who were adamant that we get a late dinner at Portillo's. Even though I'm from the 'burbs, this was the first time I ever went here. I enjoyed the scenic walk past the "fancy" McDonald's, Rainforest Cafe, and Hard Rock Cafe. When I walked in, I could tell I was somewhere really unique. The place is huge with tons of kitschy-type of decorations. It felt very historic and very "Chicago," somehow. Even though it was a weeknight at 9:30 PM, the place was buzzing with people. There were a couple different lines to order from different menus. I opted for the roasted vegetable sandwich from one line and my friends ordered from the other. I had to wait longer than my friends for my food, but it was still only 10-15 minutes, tops. It's hard for me to call it "fast" food, though. My sandwich was really delicious! I was glad there was a healthier option there, because I wasn't in the mood for clogging my arteries. I tried some of the fries, too, which were delish. So, now I know what all the Portillo's hype is about. I'd be curious to try a lot of the other menu items and come late at night on the weekends, just to people watch. It's definitely that kind of place.Been hearing about this place for years and finally got to check it out while I was in Chicago. It lived up to the hype and more. I got Italian beef with hot peppers, a Chicago dog, and fries - yeah I'm a fat ass. After comparing with Al's I would say port ills Italian beef was better. Fries and the dog were good as well. Loved the atmosphere and will frequent this place any time I'm in ChicagoI really don't get all the hype over this place.  The Chicago dog is nothing special, just a bunch of normal ingredients thrown together that one can do on their own.  The beef sandwich is decent size for $5 with a lot of beef but with little seasoning.  The good thing is things don't cost much here, however one could do much better in search for great food in Chicago.   As a tourist I wouldn't recommend wasting tummy space with mediocre food.I highly recommend this for Vegans.  It will convert you from your uptight, pretentious, and annoying eating idiosyncrasies and convert you to real food made for humans, not multiple stomached bovines.. :)tacky kind of setup... Incredible food.   It's setup like a cafeteria line which is deceiving.  The Beef Sammich, the Chicago Hot dog, 1/2 slap of ribs, minestrone and penne with meat sauce were amazing..  It looks like boring cafeteria food it's entirely deceiving..I am giving this place 5 stars for two reasons: 1) The Italian Beef sub is probably the best thing next to mashed potatoes, and 2) The lady calling out the order numbers has a great sense of humor and likes to rhyme the numbers.Portillos gets a large crowd and for good reason: the food is reasonably priced and unbelievably delicious. I didn't think $6 subs still existed, let alone one with spicy pickles completely dipped into gravy.  One might say "hey, that seems like it would make the bread soggy", but nay! It is magical and stays rather chewy while it melts in your mouth with goodness.  Friends, this is the real deal. If you're visiting Chicago, come here around 3PM and split an Italian Beef with spicy peppers dipped and a Portillo's hotdog with your friend. I bravely ate both of them and walked out of there stuffed, but extremely happy. My tastebuds thanked me profusely as the beef melted in my mouth and the light spicy peppers really added the extra flavors needed for a beautiful meal.For the Chicago dog, it may not be everyone's thing. They put a salad onto a quality hotdog on a toasted sesame bun - it's definitely not a nyc waterdog. There is literally a spear of pickle in the center and no ketchup. I know someone who likes to put ketchup on her ketchup, so this is definitely not her jam (er... ketchup).All in all, I'll be here again the next time I'm in Chicago. I'm currently in the search for something similar in NYC. I guess I'll just have to settle for Katz.4 stars for the chocolate cake shake cause it was just that good. They stick part of a chocolate cake inside, so every sip was super chocolaty. The maxwell polish dog was 3 stars because it was missing a lot of the toppings and didn't have much to differentiate it from a costco hot dog, other than the strong mustard taste.The cheese fries were extremely disappointing. I expected something similar to in-n-out fries were the cheese is melted on top, but they just had the cheese dip on the side with normal fries.I would only come back here for the chocolate cake shake. Everything else I tried was average.Chicago hot dogs: I don't get why people love them. It's just an ordinary hot dog with some toppings. I'd rather pay ~$1.50 for a Costco hot dog. Italian beef sandwich was pretty good though at ~$7, pricey for what you get.Avoid this place, it's a tourist trap (and crowded during peak hours).Well, i think what this place has going for it is the decor. Oh, and you can't ignore the person calling out the orders. Wow, can't really understand a word she's saying but she can yell really loud!If you get hot dogs, you better order a minimum of 2. Just to try one doesn't cut it unless you are just there for an afternoon snack.Its good but I think the food is just way to hyped up.Coming to Chicago, I heard you had to try the Chicago Style hot-dogs..... and I heard the place to do it was Portillo's!There is so much going on in this place - they have hot dogs, milkshakes, pizza, pasta, sandwiches The Chicago style hot-dog had pickles, peppers, onions, mustard wrapped in a poppy-seed bun -- it was soooo goodI also would recommend the Polish hot dog - it had a little less on it but it was deliciousIf you are coming to Chicago, this is a must! Definitely check it out. They are fast and its a fun experienceYou must come here when visiting Chicago because they have some of the best Beef sandwich in town. For starters, this place is humongous. There are 3 different restaurants in 1. There's the Hot Dog/Beef Sandwich line, Italian food, and a dessert line.Having tried all 3, here's my review:1) Beef Sandwich: F-A-B-U-L-O-U-S...the meat is cooked to perfection with superb seasoning. Depending on personal preference, you can get it dipped (they dunk the sandwich in the juice).I'm not crazy in general about the Chicago Dog. To me, there's just too much going on. Pickle, Tomato, relish, kosher salt, etc etc. Is this a Hot Dog or a sandwich ?2) Pizza: A-V-O-I-D. The dough tasted straight out of the freezer. They slab some cheese and sauce on it and tossed it in the oven. This was no better than a frozen pizza. YUCK.3) Ice Cream: Y-U-M. 2 scoop Chocolate or Vanilla on a waffle cone for around $3.50. Can't go wrong with that. None of this is healthy eating so you'll need to be careful.I love your dogs and chocolate cake-I love your onion rings-I love your chicken tenders-Yes, they are my favorite things!!!!!What can be said that hasn't already been said in their over 1400 reviews? It was busier than it normally is when I stopped in Sunday night, but those girls rocked out the orders at an amazing speed and with the side of sass that I love. Hot Dog? Great. Granted it's just a hot dog, but they always taste better here.Burger? Delicious. I've never had a bad burger here. Chocolate Cake? The best in the business. Compare this to a crusty pie at mcdonalds.....not even close.It's touristy but it's still good. I really enjoyed my Portillo's hotdog experience. There were only a few people in line in front of me and I was still sort of getting my bearings inside this food court like establishment when I got to the front. The line moves quickly and the people are very efficient at their jobs. I ordered the jumbo dog and a chocolate cake shake. It was about $7.I barely had time to walk from the order counter to the pick up counter when they were already calling my number out. They are cooking up a storm and the lady calling the numbers had this fun, rhythmic song going on with the numbers. I liked that.The place was very busy but I still found a seat easily. The jumbo dog wasn't exactly jumbo but it was still very tasty. I was glad it came with tomatoes on it. I've never done that before but I definitely will from now on. I wished it had a bit more snap but I liked that the buns were seeded and soft. And the pickle spear was a great addition. It went down easy and I wished that I'd ordered two (or maybe some fries or something). Still, it's not like I was hungry. Not sure why I ordered a cake shake as I had one only a few months ago and wasn't crazy about it. But everyone said it was so good. This one was better than my first but still tasted like a gritty milkshake which, of course, it is. It's not my favorite and I wouldn't get it again. Next time I'll just get three dogs!!! ;)First bite of my hot Italian beef: yum!!Second bite: hmm..Third bite: meh..Forth bite: I should've gotten a hot dog!Meat itself is bland. The hot peppers, carrots, n celery is what gave it flavor.Had my first Chicago hot dog at Portillo's!  Super touristy? Yes, but I enjoyed every bit of it!  Great for people of all ages, lively atmosphere with tons of fun decor that will surely kick in your ADD, friendly and efficient service, and very reasonably priced food.    You order up at the counter, wait for them to happily announce that your food is ready, grab a table and chow down!  Not sure if Portillo's serves up the best Chicago style hot dog, but I would recommend this spot for cheap eats and a fun experience.Italian beef and sausage FTW!I had not been to Chicago in almost 10 years. How does the prodigal son  celebrate his return? Food. The beef, hot dogs, salads and fries are incredible at this place. It's a fun atmosphere, very reasonably priced ( pronounced CHEEEEEEP), and consistently delicious. Portillo's gets VERY crowded at lunchtime, so keep that in mind when planning your stop. The lines move fast, however, and table turnover is quick. I had the amazing Italian Beef with Sausage and hot peppers. The fries are always crisp, and the portions are generous espically when you have a little cheese for dipping on the side!Okay, maybe this is a Great RBeef sandwich after a few drinks...Decided to try this place Again (100% sober) - this time around a few things stood out besides the annoying lady screaming out order numbers.Our 2 RB sandwiches and 1 fry took an unusually long time.  I mean we were order 182 and they were handing out orders in the 190's before we got ours.YES I know they have a sign regarding your number that food comes out at random... But we were here the day before, it was no more busy and it took 15 minutes vs. 5!!!!Now to the sandwich, large, well prepared meat.Negatives on the second trip... Soggy Ass Bun...I mean F'in Soggy, hmmm wonder why????  15 minute wait.Next, I noticed they charge for peppers - which is okay.  I got the hot peppers which were great but they really skimped on them.  Almost to the point I suggest getting some peppers on the side.Fries - regular style, super fresh and good for being the thick wavy fries similar looking to the frozen ones you might have had as a kid.Lots of cool stuff to look at while you wait 5 or 15 minutes.Been here in chicago or almost a month, and someone told us to make sure that we ate at this place!! Sure enough it's amazing and this place is a total "GOLD MINE" !!! my god!! where do I start!!! We ordered 2 italian beef wet subs fries/onion rings and chicago hotdogs!! And they are really amazing!!! I had ordered the Penne arrabiata with chicken to go, and also ordered their famous chocolate cake!! It's unreal!! We're leaving next tuesday and I am so positive that we are going back there next monday to have one more last lunch ! I am really impressed on how they make sure that they can make their customers so happy!! Food is awesome and the place is great!! One restaurant that I'll never forget!!Here's the real review you all wanted to read up on.  Is this a place you should try when you visit Chicago? Yes~  The hotdogs are just hotdogs that you can make yourself or get anywhere else.. only different is that they add a couple more things inside to make it a Chicago style dog.  Is it good?  Its worth trying if you are a noob.  I must admit that you should definitely try the Italian beef.  This is something you do not want to pass up.  I only wish I knew before so that I can get my own sandwich and not share with my gf.I am a fan! with a 3.5 star b/c its a fun atmosphere, prices are cheap and affordable and the Italian beef is amazing. Hotdog is just a regular Chicago dog.I'll be sure to come back for some more.From a Chicagoan's perspective, Portillo's is equivalent to a downtown Jim's or Maxwell's. The exception is Portillo's has a vast seating space and a few extra items on the menu that aren't offered at the other two spots. I've had anything from a simple hot dog to chili dog with cheese and peppers. They're perfect for snacking or late night bites. The chocolate cake is also a must-try. Despite Portillo's being known for its hot dogs and burgers, the chocolate cake is very well done. The cake is very moist and rich. It would've been nice if I had a cup of milk to go with. Nonetheless, it was a generous slice and I had to share with a friend to finish it.I live in Chicago and go to this Portillos at least once a month. If this review was for the drive thru alone I would give 0 stars, but due to their amazing Chicago fast food, I'll bump it up to 2 stars. Literally EVERY time I go through the drive thru, they screw something up. My friend asked for a big beef, they give him a regular beef. We ask for one cheese fry, they try to give us 2, we correct them, and they end up giving us (and charging us) for 3. Last time I was there with my boyfriend, the person that writes down the order completely forgot my order somehow. This is made worse by the fact that every time there needs to be a change or correction to an order, they have to get a mangers permission which holds you up even further for a mistake THEY made. On top of all this, the drive thru workers are super rude and surly. Sorry Chicago Portillos, that's it, I'm driving to the one in Skokie if I go at all. Maybe you being for sale is a good thing after all.Love, love, love this place! I'm a big fan of hot dogs, and Portillo's does not disappoint. I got the "hot dog", which comes with mustard, relish, freshly chopped onions, sliced red ripe tomatoes, kosher pickle and sport peppers on a poppy seed bun. All I can say is, delicious. Even if here is a huge line, the order comes out really quickly as they fill orders in an assembly line fashion. Then you can grab a seat either on the main level or go upstairs. Either way, it's very cozy and relaxing - a very chill environment. Go here for an awesome dog!I seriously don't know what the hype is about this place. I got their polish hot dogs and it was...just like a hot dog I could microwave at home. The venue itself is nice because all the other local businesses in the food court-ish area. You could buy beer at the shop next to Portillo's and there are large amounts of seats. If I were to redo this visit I would 1. not come, and 2. if I were to come I'd probably get the chili cheese dog. Overall, I had a meh feeling about my visit and wouldn't expect to come back. Let's just say the best part about coming here was hiding from the snow and wind.I'm a sausage girl...First time trying Portillo's and walked in a bit overwhelmed. At quick glance it seems like you enter into a rustic food court setup. And therein is this place's main negative - you have to get in line at like FOUR different counters to get everything that they offer (hot dogs, sandwiches, burgers / pizza, pasta, salad / ice cream, dessert / beer). TIP: if you're with a few folks, take everyone's order for what they want and split up. DIVIDE and CONQUER. The food pick-up system kinda sucks too...as there really isn't one. Know what your number is and wait by the counter with the rest of the folks. Patience is a virtue.FOOD: I had the Combo Beef & Char-Grilled Sausage and my husband had the Italian Beef. I WIN AGAIN! The beef was delicious but it's the sausage that made the sandwich. You can either get it sweet or spicy. We both recommend the spicy...(hint - though it's really not spicy at all...sadness). SHOW ME THE SAUSAGE!I'm no expert but I had my first "Chicago style hot dog" at Portillos and LOVED IT!  I'm not one for hot dogs and think it's pretty sacrilidge of putting anything other than sauerkraut and deli style mustard (a la NYC dirty waterdogs style)  but their Portillo's Chicago hot dog HOT DOG!  Fresh and crisp toppings: juicy red plump tomato slices, pepperoncini like peppers (sport peppers), mustard, relish, chopped onions, and pickle in a wonderfully steaming poppy seed bun. YUMMY! Nice to see all the memoribilia hanging in Portillos and the organized chaos of the different stations where you can also get burgers, fries, chicken sandwiches, sausages, salads, beer, dessert.  Nice quick stop for some cheap Chicago eats!I'm not gonna lie, I wanted to go to Hot Doug's. The Food Network ashamedly seduced me and I didn't make it there. All of that being said, I'm not in the least bit sorry I went to Portillo's instead. MUCH closer to my River North hotel, MUCH more of a classic hot dog stand, it was the place more recommended by locals and I can see why. Their traditional Chicago dog was done impeccably well with the ingredients just as I'd imagined they would be. The counter staff was quick, efficient, and super nice. It was the perfect place to say adios to Chicago after our 5 day excursion. Oh, and the chili is pretty sweet as well.Sweet baby Jesus. THE ITALIAN BEEF!!!! So delicious!!! I'm salivating just thinking about it. Hot, juicy, tender slices of beef on chewy French bread. It can't get any better than this.(Only 4 stars cause I wasn't a huge fan of the hot dogs)Service is fast and very efficient, too!I wanted a great Chicago style hot dog and that's exactly what I got. I had the original Portillo Dog and an Italian beef sandwich with hot peppers. My husband and I also split an order of fries. The dog was amazing. The relish was sweet the mustard was tangy the onions were crispy the pickle spear salty and the sport peppers were crunchy and spicy. It was perfection on a poppy seed bun! Plus it only cost $2.75! The Italian beef sandwich was delicious also. The beef was sliced super thin and it was tender and flavorful. The hot pepper relish was not super  hot but hot enough to give it a little zip. The entire meal was very inexpensive for Chicago which was a nice break since everything tends to be pretty pricy compared to home. We will definitely be making a return trip next time we come to town!I had a hot dog with everything (mustard, relish, freshly chopped onions, sliced red ripe tomatoes, kosher pickle and sport peppers), Italian beef sandwiches and cheese fries. The hot dog was fine nothing special but you get to choose adding all other stuff with it which I like. The Italian beef sandwiches was not my favorite because when I had my beef sandwiches, the bun was already too soft (Some people might like it but it simply taste not good in my opinion.)  And the beef inside was a little bit over-cooked, I thought it would be more tender. The cheese fries was good. The cheese sauce was really thick and taste good. Do try the cheese fries when you get here.After all, the experience was fun because the decoration of the  restaurant and the atmosphere here. And the price is definitely not expensive at all. As the first time coming to Chicago, it would be pretty fun having a meal here.Three words:Chocolate.Cake.Shake.Oh my goddddddddd this thing was amazing!!!  It was a last minute add-on to our order, and I'm sooooo glad we added it on!  I was such a fatty that I went back later on in the same day to get another one!  I'm not a fan of chocolate shakes (or chocolate cake/cake in general), but there was just something about this shake... the cake pieces, the frosting... I don't know what it was but it was amazing.I also had a chili cheese dog and cheese fries (told you I was a fatty).  Both were just ok.  They were honestly eclipsed by the amazing-ness of the shake.  Now that I'm back home in San Diego, I'm eyeballing the Buena Park location... it would definitely be worth the trip up there for the shake alone.  Delicious.HOLY EFFF!!!!Located just behind the Rock N'Roll McDonalds in Chicago, I knew that according to the Yelp app and the recommendations of friends and locals that a trip to Chi-town wouldn't be complete without a visit to this mainstay. Walking in you feel like you're inside a ballpark about to order your dawg and beer. They have a super efficient system for ordering grub and the cornucopia of options are plentiful (hot dogs, beef, shakes, pastas, the list goes on and on).First of all - Chocolate cake shake?!?!?!? Not just a name.....it's a chocolate shake with actual chocolate cake blended into to....served with a spoon so the diabetic fat kid in me can get all that mess up inside himself. Round 2 - Chicago style hot dog - a different take on a dawg but simple enough that I'm happy I'll be able to duplicate it when I'm at home (tomato, onion, mustard, served with a pickle) :) Hot dogs are gonna be awesome again in my house thanks to PortillosFinal Round..FIGHT!!! As full as i was I knew i wouldn't have a chance to try the Famous Chicago-style Italian beef again so I asked for that....speaking to the server, we got chummy and he told me straight up the best way to order the hot beef was: Spicy, with cheese and DIPPED (in au jus). HOLY SHIT BALLS!!! AWESOMEWhat wasn't awesome? Nothing about this place, just that the cab driver wanted to charge me for a second person when I staggered in begging to be taken home so I could complete my food coma!It was our first adventure in Chi-Town!  On the flight up from Dallas, my hubby and I sat by a native and he recommended we hit Portillo's for a real Chicago style hot dog.  He also suggested the Hot Wet Italian Beef Sandwich.  For lunch, we decided we would hit it.  And, I am so glad we did.The extensive menu made me skeptical but I always like to eat like a local.  I had the Chicago Dog with everything and an order of onion rings.  My hubby grabbed the Hot Wet Italian Beef, spicy, with a side of fries.  It was busy and that is a good sign we're in the right place.My dog was really good, they do something special with the weiner that the Texas versions just cannot match.  My hubby's sandwich was also amazing!  We shared nibbles of each.  The crinkle cut fries were crispy on the outside and perfect on the inside and even the rings were crunchy and delicious.And, yes, I noticed they ship to all 50 states so I'm already planning a summer pool party with Chicago dogs in mind.  Thanks, Portillo's, keep up the good work!Had lunch & dinner here while in Chicago,and no it was not on the same day (wish it was though).Had the Chicago Dog of course,The Maxwell (polish dog w/ Onions) and Italian Beef.The Italian Beef was freaking awesome,great tasting sandwich,you have your choice or spicy or sweet peppers,I tried both and they were great,but spicy is the way to go for me.The Maxwell was just a great dog I have not had the pleasure of enjoying until now.And the Chicago Dog.... What is not to love about this hot dog (NO KETCHUP!).So if you come across a Portillo's please enjoy a great tasting meal.Fast Service and great food.Seriously Delicious. So many items to love and a drive thru in the city doesn't hurt either. YUM!Some don't know this but grub hub delivers. Now you knowGreat hot beef sandwich. It was really crowded on a Saturday afternoon but they have a good system in place so tables turned over quickly.I love Portillo's so much!  I have driven through this location so many times, but yesterday I actually ate there.  My husband and I had a lunch date there and I got my usual - hot dog with everything and fries.  He got a Maxwell Street polish (Maxwell style) and onion rings.  Yum yum yum!!  My NEW favorite is the Maxwell Street polish!!  It was so good!!  I thought their dogs were good, but the polish blew me away.  We didn't order them but my other favorites include the chopped salad and the chocolate cake.  I can't believe the will power I had to not order the chocolate cake!!  Yesterday, even though their system was down (including the cash registers.  they were literally using calculators!), they still kept the line moving!  Again, I love Portillo's!!Fun and delicious fast food. I stop by here a lot, sometimes after church, after a long road trip returning to Chicago, or just when some visiting friends are in town. The food is simple but different, rich and tasty. The location is welcoming and service is usually clear and prompt. The Italian Beef is a great, artery clogging, mouth-watering sandwich packed with meat and accented with peppers (hot or sweet at your choice). You can ask for extra gravy/jus on the side to make the sandwich even more soaked in some sweet savory goodness. The hot dogs are loaded with toppings and surrounded by a nice poppyseed bun; no ketchup of course. The pasta is actually pretty good too at this location; the tomato sauce runs a bit on the sweeter side if that's your thing. Salads and ribs are an option too; I've never bothered to try those but it seems like there's always a line for that side of the restaurant too. Busy hours can lead to a bit of a wait for something as simple as a hot dog and seating can be surprisingly hard to find too despite the size of the place. Three stars for great fast food. I think it's a little overpriced for what it is so the value isn't quite there but overall, definitely an A-OK place to visit with some friends and chow down on some Chicago style fare.I live in Wisconsin and while we make the best cheese and beer, Chicago makes delicious hot dogs. The woman who packed up my hot dogs to go for me was uber friendly. She complimented my glasses, gave me extra ketchup, etc. I don't know her name, but we're friends now. The hot dogs I got were delicious as were the pickles on top of them.The fries, ew. The oil tastes badly and I wouldn't recommend them. BUT THE HOT DOGS!? AWWWW YEAHHHHChicago friends insisted I try the hot dogs here. Excellent. I just tried the basic hot dog on the great poppyseed bun. It was not large and I could have eaten two but boyfriend and I sharing (well I had two bites as it didn't overwhelm me) the frozen custard, a childhood favorite of his in Texas. It's a fun, boisterous place. While crowded, they have someone taking your order in line like at Starbucks in Penn Station so you get your food pretty fast even at the height of the lunch rush. They do have healthier choices but people don't come here to be healthy. My boyfriend loved his Polish sausage with grilled onions. Two dogs, two large diet cokes: 11.65. You can't beat that. The wine is Gallo--only one--and 3.25 and the booze line works less well than the food line. The beers are HUGE if that's your thing.Decent Chicago style hot dogs. They also have burgers and sandwiches. Not sure why it took them so long to make a simple hot dog.My first Chicago style hotdog- and boy did I like it! Normally I am not a hot dog eater, but I had to give one a try. No ketchup, please. All beef hot dog topped with mustard, tomato, hot peppers, and a salty crunchy pickle wrapped in a soft poppyseed bun= delish! I had 2! Cheap, friendly little gathering place to grab a dog (or 2). Would definitely like another one right about now...Can't go wrong with this place. Good food, fast and cheap with a ton of variety. Although Portillo's are known for their Hot Dogs and Italian Beefs (don't forget to order it with peppers), I am a big fan of their Polish and burgers. For more variety, they also have a Barnelli's (their Italian food section) with good pastas, salads and sandwiches. A good selection of deserts and shakes as well.I was in Chicago and before my trip I vowed to eat as much of the regional specific food as I could. Deep dish pizza? Duh. A hot dog? Absolutely. An Italian Beef sandwich? Excuse me? I found out about them reading through a Chicago guidebook. Don't know what it is but it had to be good!Said Chicago guidebook had suggested Portillo's and after my mom and I got a massage it was time to fill our bellies. Portillo's is a chain fast food place. I wasn't expecting the food to be mindblowing but I figured it'd be a good pick me up. I was on a mission to eat Chicago centric food so I zeroed in on the menu in search of the Italian Beef and a hot dog. The hot dogs are mounted with foods I would have never thought of combining. Tomatoes, peppernocinis, mustard. I am more of a ketchup fan and I failed to find any. Come to find out it is sacrilege to put ketchup on your dog in the midwest. Despite the random toppings the hot dog was tasty. Who new tomato would be a great partner to miscellaneous meat? The Italian Beef was a sandwich with French bread and beef so tender and dripping with beef juice. Yowza! This made me happy I was eating meat again. While I did not order any alcohol I saw people with massive goblets of beer. The fact that you can order beer in a chalice gets Protillo's bonus points. I never thought I would be giving a chain four stars but Portillo's delivered much to my surprise. What I still need confirmation on is how is it pronounced? Are you supposed to make the double L noise like Spanish speakers do or is it the hard L pronunciation? So curious!I am not sure what the hype about this place is all about. Came here for lunch to try out the hot dog with everything on it. I liked the flavor of the hot dog with the peppers and all. I especially love the prices! I also got some regular fries... which were nothing special. I should have gotten the cheese fries. The chocolate cake shake, though, was yum! I love that there are cake bits through my shake and it wasn't overly sweet.Decor was nice. Decorated with memorabilia and signs. It's almost like a food court with their different sections for ordering!Great fries, love the juicy Italian beef and the lady who calls out the order number. The restaurant itself is huge like a food court, but the second floor was closed when I visited. No table service- you order at a counter, get a ticket, and pick up at another counter. The lady who calls out the order number is cheerful; I just stood there and enjoyed watching her rhyme (for example, 102, just for you!). On average the food comes out fast but our order was slow; she apologized to us and gave us fries for free. I know the food here is basically junk food, but fresh junk food tastes great. The interior looks fun; it seems that each store has a difference theme. Reminds me of Varsity at Atlanta, but the food here is so much better. 18/100 Yelp 100 ChallengeI know it's just fast food, but Portillos really does deserve five stars.  I've never had a better burger in my life!  The basic burger comes with lettuce, tomato, onion, mayo, and the beef, and that's all it needs.  The quality of the meat is so good that it doesn't need much seasoning.  The onion rings are awesome; the best.  Order them.  The fries are good but not as good as the rings, in my opinion.The shakes and chocolate cake are great too.  Next time I'm going to order their world famous chocolate cake shake!The service is quick and prices are cheap.  Go Portillos!I'm more than a little freaked out I just found this place. I feel like I've known Portillo's all my life, like a long lost friend that's familiar in all the best ways. But alas, we just found each other, and so late in life...sigh...Portillo's is a wonderful place where the ambient noise is not so great that two people can't sit and have a nice talk. There are multiple kitchens all around the perimeter preparing different kinds of diner-style food with special emphasis on sausages, but with plenty of variety to keep almost anyone interested. I genuinely felt like I was sitting in a huge and warm  family kitchen enjoying great company and great cuisine. Of course I'll return again and again, but it's possible no future visit will compare to my first time...does anything ever? Here ends the formal Yelp review and I continue below with a more or less sleep deprived ponderance.Anyway, on my first visit to Portillo's I had my usual benchmark meal: coney with onions. Might be the best I ever had, but I seem to be saying that a lot these days: "The best I ever had." Like everything is ramping up to some sort of spectacular climax. But really can some things in life keep getting better and better? I wonder if it would be a blessing or a curse to know the exact moment you were experiencing the best of anything (or the worst for that matter) and to be completely cognizant of the fact that nothing before or after in your life would ever be as good as it was at that exact moment? I wonder about this sometimes - actually more than I'd care to admit, which of course I just did.Okay...  Here's what ya order: Big Beef "easy dip" w/ cheese, Fries and a Chicago Dog chaser, all washed down with a LARGE Chocolate Cake Shake and a Coke!  Please... Do NOT go with anyone on any kind of diet to this place, because it will only RUIN your meal!  We're talking about a couple thousand calories here so leave your skinny wife at home with a salad (no offense honey) when you go to Portillo's!We're talk'in BIG food with BIG taste for foodies that aren't afraid to be BIG!I'm not sure what the hype is all about.  I came here around 3:00 and the place was still packed.  It was a bit difficult to find seats. After ordering, people gather around and wait for their number to be called.  At first it's amusing to listen to the woman yelling out numbers and talking with people about extra water, etc. over the microphone.  After waiting for your food for a while, it gets old.  I got a classic Chicago dog, rootbeer, and frozen custard.  I'm going to have to say it - Costco hotdogs and frozen yogurt are much tastier!  Portillo's has nothing on the dirty dogs we have in LA that are served off of corners and such on game days or at concerts.Cheese fries was pretty good, but the hotdog was ehh..... I should have ordered a Beef-n-cheddar CroissantLet me preface with I only had the chicago dog. It was delicious and came out fast. Love all the toppings and the area upstairs is nice to look down at all the ppl running about. The lady on the microphone annoyed my friend but other than that, I say GO GET A DOG! Yummmy!I don't know if this is the best place for Italian beef since I've never had it before, but it was definitely extremely tasty... and enormous! I finished the whole thing, because it was that good. And then my brain hurt because I had eaten too much. No, it wasn't a headache. My brain just hurt from having to process the amount of discomfort my stomach felt. This is all, of course, completely my fault for having no self control.I like the decor here too. I was ambivalent going in, because t's little food-court-y and also a bit warehouse-y. But when I looked around more, I noticed that everything is actually pretty quirky and unique. I guess you can also use this to describe Chicago.This place was super good. I came here during the st patty day weekend celebration so you could imagine the line was huge and it was super duper busy. despite all that the staff were super friendly. 5 stars for customer service!! they had someone help us find a seat. there was someone helping to regulate the bathroom line. and then there was someone that helped bus our table!! i couldn't believe the great service we got despite the huge RUSH and MOB of people, half drunk, running around the place!so i stood in the giant line and ordered the chicago-style hot dog. it took quite awhile to get it since it was so busy, but when we did.... man it was so good our entire group got back into the giant line and ordered another one!! cheap yummy and great service. we had to resist the urge to go back again during our trip!! would highly recommend!P.S.for those who dont like hot dogs they offer a whole boat load of other stuff (most of it unhealthy)I love Portillo's and am surprised that the chain has not expanded more throughout the country.  When a Chicago friend and I were both living in NYC, we always commented that we should open a Portillo's there as there was nothing similar, and we missed Italian beef sandwiches, especially after late nights out.  I have been going to Portillo's since I was a child and love it! Would I eat it every day or even every month?  Hell no!  It's a greasy mess.  But a combo sandwich (Italian Beef & Italian Sausage) satisfies many a craving for a grease bomb...a couple of times a year.  Their milk shakes and malts are also top notch.I am not a fan of crowds, and this downtown location can make me feel claustrophobic.  However, I am forever amazed at how quickly they take and complete orders both in the restaurant and in the drive thru.  It really is exceptional.Whoa!  Their jumbo dog was the best hot dog i ever had!  My next trip to chicago will include a stop here for sure.  Also get a side of fries and a maltshake and you're golden.Let me describe my sister.... She's a true foodie at heart: someone who dreams about food and someone who plans out cravings months in advance. On our way to Portillo's from Navy Pier, she told me that she'll know whom to marry when she likes them more than food. She's also not very picky, someone that can appreciate a McDonald's Fish Filet for what it is just as much as she can appreciate expensive, slimy seafood from a Michelin star restaurant .... Being a good brother I brought her to Portillo's thinking that it'd be the crown jewel to a long day of exploring the city. So when she took the first bite of the acclaimed Portillo's beef hotdog, I was expecting radiant eyes beaming and something along the lines of, "this is the best hotdog ever!" Instead all she said was "meh".... And that pretty much summed up the entire experience.... Meh ... Contrary to popular belief, I think the hotdog tastes like a Costco hotdog with a pickle on top (definitely doesn't taste like a TopDog from the East Bay/Berkeley, CA) . The Italian beef was super soggy but better than the hotdog. The saving grace was the Maxwell... That nearly pushed it to a 4 stars... Fries are the frozen kind. Otherwise, ample seating, kid friendly, and a overall cool vibe makes it a place worth checking out if you're traveling on the cheap.It's incredibly gimmicky, but hey, it's a fun place to go and there is surely something for everyone. They have everything from a typical cafeteria-style grill joint: hot dogs, burgers, salad, fries, etc. I thought the chili was pretty good. It came with onions and shredded cheddar. The burger was nothing special. It was pretty plain in fact. Same goes for the fries. The chicago dog was okay. I've had better. It had all the ingredients, but was just kind of limp. They also have frozen custard, which was stiff and creamy. Prices are fair. Service is fast. It's like a cafeteria. They've decorated the interior to look like a typical outdoor scene (think NYNY in Las Vegas), which makes it fun and busy to look at. Plenty of seating. They have a nice patio with soft lighting and lush planter boxes. There is also an upstairs, but it's not always open. Great corner location, across from a giant two-story McDonald's. This place is definitely worth a visit.Good stuff here.  The menu displays a punch bowl of good Chicago Street Food.  Beef and Hotdogs seem a little salty and hold a lot of MSG.  But with that being said it's a great place to eat local comfort favorites.I don't think I'll eat a hot dog with ketchup again. Their Chicago style hot dog is delicious. Their poppy seed bun makes a big difference. Their Italian beef sandwich compares to no other. Once of have it there, you will want to go back for more. The meat is marinated to perfection. I definitely would recommend this place. Don't forget to also get their chocolate cake shake for dessert.This is a fun place to have lunch, especially if you're from out of town.  I work a few blocks away and we come here for lunch every now and then.  The line is usually long, but that's to be expected during the lunch rush.  They manage to take your order and get you your food rather quickly though.  The lady who calls out finished orders and rhymes using the order number is awesome and always makes waiting for your food more enjoyable.As far as food, I've never ordered anything, but their Chicago dogs, Italian beef, or chicken sandwich - all of them being good.  The fries aren't bad either and they have some tasty onion rings as well.  I've never had one of their shakes, but I've only heard great things about them.It's pretty big inside and the decor is fun.  A worthy lunch option indeed and worth making a point to stop by if visiting Chicago.My boyfriend and I wanted to make sure to try a "Chicago dog" while visiting the city and found this place on yelp. We definitely weren't disappointed. The hotdogs were great. And if that isn't your thing, it looked like they had a nice selection of other things to order - sandwiches, burgers, ect. We didn't try anything else, but if your looking for a good dog, it's a good place to go.There is no doubt that one of the "must" thing you have to tried when in Chicago is a Chicago hot dog! So I did exactly just that on my first visit, second visit and third visit...all included Portillo's. One of the major thing about this location is that since it's near so many hotels, it's super duper convenient to walk to (I walked there during the cold winter too!) Another thing is that the atmosphere at this place is super jolly and fun. It's also nice it's right next to a pasta and a frozen custard place so you get to try everything at once. I had the Regular Hot Dog and the Italian Beef Sandwich here. I really like the hot dog, because it's consistently good with well balance of mustard, relish, onion, pickle, sport pepper and last but not least, tomato! Oh yes, and the bun was uber soft with just enough poppy seeds.The Italian Beef Sandwich on the other hand was just okay to me. The beef was a little bland even when I added the hot peppers for extra charge (bummer), and I didn't like the bread at all. All in all, it's a pretty reliable place to go for a hot dog or take someone new to Chicago for one.We honestly were not impressed with many of the restaurants we visited while we were in Chicago however, Portillos was an exception. It was a great experience from beginning til end. Great and efficient service, yummy food, great ambiance but it honestly was the service that made this place stand out. They went above and beyond! Sandra and teena were running things on the front line getting everyone their food quickly yet still being very hospitable and giving great service. Sandra especially made our first trip to portillos a very special and memorable one! We will definitely be coming back! It not only lived up to our expectations but surpassed them! Kudos!The only hot dogs I've had before Portillo's were bun, hog dog, and some ketchup and mustard.Portillo's changed my perspective on hot dogs. The toppings are so delicious. We tried one of every hot dog, and every one was amazing... If you are in Chicago for vacation, like me and my girlfriend were, I definitely recommend this place after shopping in the Magnificent Mile.I like salty fatty meat in buns accompanied by a goblet or three of the nectar of the gods. Portillo's sells what I love. While I wouldn't mind wining and dining at Alinea every night, Grant Achatz ain't granting me the privilege of chowing down on his fine creations any time soon. Portillo's owners aren't going to get Christmas cards from my cardiologist but I won't apologize and they won't care. I like doing horrible things but would rather stay on the right side of the law. This means that I can't snort coke off a dwarf hooker's ass on the street while blasting Wagon Wheel and mooning cops, but I sure as hell can get me a motherfucking Italian Beef and a Maxwell Street Polish when I'm 17 jaeger bombs deep. Yeah, but 1 star off for not being open until 4AM, because let's face it... not a lot of us think of snorting coke off a dwarf hooker's ass on the street while blasting Wagon Wheel and mooning cops at 7PM.Hold my beer while I go slap that bitch who asked for ketchup on her hot dog.Descriptive phrase: touristy, with delicious Italian Beef.Portillo's is a tourist attraction in downtown Chicago, but that doesn't mean it's bad. On the contrary, when you go here you understand why it's always packed. Giant lines, mobs of people, but the workers here have got it down to an art. It's loud, it's hot, but man is it fun.I can't describe everything there is to see inside, but the decor is retro. It's made to be like an old-town Chicago. Very neat.I had the famous Italian Beef sandwich ($4.85) with hot and sweet peppers ($0.39 extra each) and a side of fries (LG $1.99). The original size beef is big enough for a normal male, with the Big Beef ($6.69) for those with larger appetites. Warning: it's gonna be messy. But what a delcious mess it is. Succulent beef and tasty peppers on a soft hoagie. I personally wouldn't get the hot peppers again, but instead would add mozzarella cheese ($0.50). So good.There's also a pasta/salad place and ice cream shop inside. Everything looked fantastic.If you're nearby in Chicago, definitely make a stop at Portillo's. It's a destination to say the least.Nothing special.Pretty tasty and cheap but it's hot dogs, burgers and fries. This place gets quite busy even on a weekday lunch. Workers are extremely friendly and attentive even though it's an order upfront kind of place. The cheeseburger, cheese fries, chili dog and the everything hot dog were all good but not likely to come back while in Chicago.Upon enter Portillo's Hot Dogs, you will realize this is restaurant chain is an institution in the Chicagoland area.  You will never be let down.When you enter this well laid out restaurant, you will have two restaurants to choice from.  The first is Barnellis Pasta Bowl which you can obtain more full meals and Italian food.  However, this review is based on Portillo's.  During the busy times, an attendant will meet you and take your order and you'll present to the order to the cashier.  Believe it or not, this is a quicker way to take the order vs. taking the order at the counter.  I had ordered the breaded chicken sandwich meal including fries and a strawberry shake.  You can't beat their shakes. I had presented the order to the counter person as instructed and was given my order number; in return, I was given my order number and asked to move to the pickup area.  So far, very easy and controlled method.   Within appropriate amount of time, my order was ready.  The counter person was very pleasant and patient with the out-of-towners.  Bless her heart!!The condiment stations are throughout the restaurants.  The stations were fully stocked and cleaned.  I had noticed the dining area was also very clean for the amount of diners.  There are two levels of dining areas at this location.  I decided to eat on the second level - a little bit quieter.  The meal itself was great.  The fries were crispy.  The chicken sandwich was just right and of course, the shake... yum!The restaurant's theme is early gangster so go and enjoy the atmosphere and the great food.So, I have a problem.Concerning ketchup.My whole life, I've always been asked if I wanted ketchup on my hot dog. What do you think? Without ketchup, there is no hot dog for me. Yes, I'm one of those ketchup snobs who won't eat a hot dog without ketchup. I bit my lip when I found out Chicagoans don't eat their hot dogs with ketchup. HOW COULD YOU NOT! It is the most common topping, especially if you're having a bbq. Now I just wonder how Chicagoans have their barbecued hot dogs. In New York, adding relish (and perhaps mustard) is already going over the top. Excited to see what this Chicago-style hot dog is about, I got the Jumbo Hot Dog (no ketchup for the first time in my life, of course) with everything. This was daring for me. I'm afraid of onions, mustard and peppers alone but for the sake of just to say "I've had a Chicago Hot Dog," I sucked it up and took my first bite...without ketchup. I don't think I'll ever look at hot dogs the same way again. This was a life-changing moment. The fact that there were fresh slices of tomatoes and a dill pickles made me squeal - it certainly was a more "natural" way of having ketchup and relish. Within  2 minutes, I finished this delicious, perfect hot dog, wanting more but couldn't stuff. It took only one to fill me up like a whole meal of McDonalds would take 2 different foods to. I slurped down a cup of their strawberry milkshake as if I've never had one in my life. I've been to many diners and none of them could top Portillo's milkshake. It was so smooth, and even though it's obvious it's made of blended ice cream, they blended it well, unlike diners who blend it half-ass. For only $2.59, you get a small (when it's actually a medium-sized) cup = score!The ambiance and atmosphere is so warm and friendly. I feel like I'm either at a beer garden, someone's backyard or in New Orleans. The place looks like a huge food court and I love the string lights! The staff are so friendly, especially the woman calling out orders - she's like a huge ball of energy!I can't wait to come back again soon! Only question I have hanging: Chicagoans, how do you eat hot dogs at barbecues?I stopped by here once because the boyfriend was hungry and I just really wanted some refuge from the cold. I tried chicken noodle soup here, and it was delicious! A lot thicker than most chicken noodle soups, but it was perfect for a cold winter day. The boyfriend ordered a simple Chicago dog - I tried a bite and it was good. The environment is fun - lots of Chicago memorabilia and the cashier was super friendly! Will be back if I'm every hungry and in the area.Our first night in Chicago and we decided to walk from the Radisson Blue Aqua Hotel to dine in at this restaurant (about a one mile walk) because it was recommended to us by friends.  Upon entering, it seemed like a fun place to eat (reminded me of a mall food court), but we were confused as to where to order because there were quite a few lines you can order food from. We were uncertain if each line serves something different. However, we already knew what we wanted to order, but were not sure which line to order from.  Anyways, the food came out pretty fast. Our hotdogs were scrumptious. We also had fries and a side of chilli to warm us up after walking in the cold weather for a mile (lol). We were not disappointed.Great Dogs.Go here to drink fat tire and eat Chicago dogs and Italian beef! A huge goblet of beer is only $5. This place is cheap and good! Fun environment inside. Check it out!Pretty much everything is awesome. My favorite is a Maxwell Street Polish.As any Sesame Street character will tell you, this is a "sometimes" food.  Recommended to me by a barber and native Chicagoan, Portillo's was incredibly delicious, albeit dripping with grease (in the case of my sausage and beef sandwich).  This restaurant serves beer and should be on the short list for anybody visiting the lovely city of Chicago.The Portillo's story is one of my favorite success stories of Chicago! Today its over 30 to 40 million dollar empire. They continue to expand throughout the US. The food is consistent from store to store. They make some of Chicago's signature foods.Italian Beef excellentChicago Style Hot Dog excellentThe Famous Portillo's Chocolate Cake amazingI've never had a bad experience!It is a must stop place for any visitor to Chicago!I know this place is supposed to be one of the most popular hot dog places in Chicago but I'm not quite sure why exactly. It tasted pretty average to me. I got the chili cheese dog and my friends got the regular jumbo dog. There was nothing about either that stood out to me. Go out to Top Dog in California for more delicious choices! Loved the ambiance here though. Super playful, kid friendly, great decorations. There's always something to look at while you eat.After eating an Al's #1 we saw this place and decided we had to have a hot dog even if it meant a heart attack!  We walked into this and this building and noticed that it's tacky and old school combination of an Italian restaurant and somewhat seafood restaurant type decor, great I love it already.We ordered a hot dog minus the relish, seriously Chicago why does your relish glow in the dark?The dog was delicious and cheap!  The pickle was also good.  Please don't kill me but I do prefer Hot Doug's over Portillo's.  I'd definitely come back more often if it wasn't for Al's #1 being so close!A very good hot dog, and affordable. The real deal if you want an authentic tasty Chicago Style Beef Hot Dog. Service was fast and friendly, atmosphere was ok. The biggest drawback was the tourist environment, and the fact that the place is located in the unkempt city of Chicago!It's Portillos! What's not to like? There are so many options, there's really something for everyone! If you're not from Chicago you should definitely go, and if you are from here you probably already do. This location in particular is huge busy and loud, so expect that. But just go.Awesome cheese fries: thick cut fries that are crispy and wavy with a generous cup of hot cheese on the side.Char-grilled Maxwell Street Style Polish - onions and mustard but the onions are a tad on the sweet side.  Lacks a certain kick to it.Jumbo hot dog - A thicker hot dog with mustard, relish, freshly chopped onions, sliced red ripe tomatoes, kosher pickle and sport peppers. - I preferred this one despite the fact that I'm a huge mustard and onion hotdog fan.  The toppings were really flavorful and perfect.  Definitely worth a try.This place is located in a food mall with some interesting decor upstairs.  (Look up as youre eating.)  Nothing classy but very interesting and the hotdogs are definitely worth a try.  Service was much better than you'd expect from a fast food joint.  The woman at the food pick up counter was so chipper making rhymes and little phrases out of the numbers she was calling out.  She was awesome.I walked in here, ordered a single hot dog, scarfed it down alone at a table, and was out within 10 minutes.  100% beef, 100% satisfied.So I've heard people say non-stop how great portillo's is. First, what a disappointment to find out that it's a national chain! Second, the hot dog were mediocre at best. I suppose the flavor profiles of the hot dog were ok but in the end, the Costco dog conquers by a long stretch.Not bad, but maybe a bit overhyped.THE FOODThe chili cheese dog was good. The Beef sandwich was meah. The beer and wine selection sucked.THE SERVICEWas pretty cold and impersonal, not friendly or helpful but not outright rude either.THE ATMOSPHEREA big cavernous hall, good for people watching.I honestly do not get what the hubbub is about. My brother has been raving about this place since he first tried it.  So when I made a trip up the city and my boyfriend mentioned that he wanted the best hot dogs around, I suggested Portillo's.  They have a drive-through which is a pretty cool option, but it can get backed up.  When wanted to dine-in so we went in search of street parking.  Which actually was not as difficult as we thought and was not very expensive.  My b/f ordered two hot dogs with everything.  He said they were pretty darn good. I ordered the combo (italian beef and italian sausage).  The italian beef had no flavor whatsoever. The italian sausage was OK. The bun was nice and was sturdy almost until the end.  As a side we ordered onion rings. They were nice and brown but cold.  Also the as soon as you bit into most of them, the entire onion came out with your bite. I hate when that happens.  The place was very crowded (it was a Saturday night) and people seem to really love the place, but, overall, I don't find much need to return.This review is ONLY for the choc. cake and the frozen custard.  I know everyone raves about the cake, but for me, it was just MEH!!  No real chocolate flavor, just a bunch of sweet.  The custard was really good though, very creamy and good vanilla flavor.Portillos is the best. Great Chicago style hot dogs and the cheese fries - I dunno what is in those cheese fries but they are amazing.If you come to Chicago make sure you stop at Portillos!Seemed to be the most recommended place to get Italian beef so we had to come here. 9-inch (I was really hungry) stuffed completely with dipped italian beef and hot peppers. Ain't nothin wrong with that!The fries were pretty standard and like concession fries, but I do love those so I was pleased. I got the cheese because I read somewhere the cheese fries were great, but this was also really standard and I ate most of the fries with ketchup (coming from Philly, it's cheez whiz or nothing for fries)Chocolate cake shake.... so good despite how many years it may have taken off of my life. It's kind of like a cookies and cream shake only chocolate instead of cream... delicious. My mom got the combo sausage + italian beef sandwich and that was also great!Strawberry short cake was average. Wait time was a bit long but they have a TON of people working back there so I know it came out as quickly as it could have.The Italian beef is one of the Best in the city. Love this place!We were debating which foodie place to chow down at while in the city, and we decided on Portillos instead of Al's (mostly because of the better seating and atmosphere!). Don't let the long line fool you it goes quickly and we had our food and a seat within ten minutes after ordering. They take your order while standing in line.This place knocks it out of the park when it comes to Hot Dogs and Italian Beef! I ordered a loaded hot dog and a big beef loaded with mozzarella. It was so good that my mouth is watering as I'm writing this review! I didn't try their famous chocolate cake only because I didn't have ROOM! Everything on their menu sounded delicious.  While seated they advertise all their food on the flat screen above. They had a Crossaint Italian beef w/ cheddar and a chocolate cake milkshake that I definitely will try next time I'm in town! This place was featured on the Food network and now I know why! I was licking my fingers when I was down to the last few bites. Definitely would return and recommend to everyone.This place stays up late, and I like it!  Good laid back place to get a hot dog and some beer!Good hot dogs, Italian beef sub and delicious cheese fries!Need I say more?After landing it was the first spot we hit. If you order the dog to be prepared on the grill as some reviews suggest be prepared to wait an additional 20+ minutes to get it but damn is it worth it. Light and airy bun, crisp pickle, a succulent slice of tomato, crunchy onions and some mighty fine peppers all on top of a juicy dog. Don't even get me started on the chocolate cake shake... Just get it!I came by here because I was really craving a good Chicago dog... thus the classic hot dog and a side of fries. Everything was just fine, but at the same time it didn't blow my mind. It's a good average hot dog. I did like the pickle, the celery salt, and the peppers with it. The interior did seem like an amusement park, so perhaps it plays to the inner tourist in all of us.I was redeemed the Italian beef! Great recommendation! Add both hot and sweet peppers with it. The tamales is great as well! Very moist and tasty!What's to say about this place that hasn't already been said? I'm usually a healthy eater but when I'm not, watch out because I'll put down three chilli cheese dogs, a large fry and an onion ring. This place is a staple of Chicago and the outline suburbs, and the food ain't bad either.I was tempted to give this location five stars, but an unfortunate event recently forces me only give up three. The food has always been good to great quality, and always delicious. The over-carbing nap that follows is also sometimes a nice plus. This location is generally very clean, and even though the drive through sometimes wraps around the block, it moves predictably and at a decent pace.The only bad experience I had there was an incident around 9-10pm a little while back: I ordered my usual: 3 chilly cheese dogs, large fry and an onion ring. I know form experience that the longest thing to make on that list are the onion rings, so I was prepared to wait a bit extra for the deliciousness. I was the only customer there waiting for my food. The woman behind the counter first bagged the hot-dogs, then she bagged the fries (all within a few minutes) but had to wait about 6-7 minutes (in total) for the onion rings to finish frying (an eternity in fast food time.) One of the male employees was just getting off his shift, came over the counter where I was standing and in Spanish asked for the onion rings that were cooking. The woman then took the finished onion rings, handed them over to the employee, who then left, and started making a whole NEW BATCH for me. I was the ONLY customer in line. Another 6-7 minutes pass for this new batch of rings to finish, which she then bags happily and hands over to me.I'm not one to usually complain (I've worked plenty of years in fast-food) but this was completely unacceptable to steal a customers order while they are the only ones waiting, forcing a new order to be made. I asked for a manager and explained the situation. Predictably, she apologized profusely and said it was unacceptable and would never happen again.Other than that incident, this location and their food are on-point.A must-visit for anyone in Chicago! Wonderful inexpensive food downtown and a very unique atmosphere.Portillo's is amazing.  It's often a bit of a tourist haven, but despite that the food is really horrible for you excellent.  As recommended by a friend upon my first visit years ago, the Beef n Cheddar seems to be my favorite.  I'm also quite a burger snob, but found the burgers here to be really great too.  Think of it as cheap burgers done with unsurpassed elegance.  Yep, the hot dogs are good... but not particularly so stellar that you wouldn't get it somewhere else.  In that respect, the same could be said for the rest of the menu.  Haven't had much of anything else, but word is that it's all pretty awesome.Come here on off hours and weekdays to avoid clusters of people.  Try and guess what the lady at the pickup counter will rhyme with your ticket number.  Just think of the cheesiest rhyme you can, and you'll probably be right.I'll admit it; I am not a really big hot dog fan. I eat it, but I definitely don't crave it or seek it out. However, one of the staples of coming to Chicago is getting a dog and the most famous place of all to do it is Portillo's! So, as soon as my plane landed, I headed to Portillo's to eat lunch. I was a little confused by the setup at first, but then realized it wasn't just Portillo's but that there were other food options to choose from (it's like a food court). The restaurant is self service. You place the order, get your ticket, pick up your food and seat yourself. Apparently Portillo's is known for their exceptional service, but frankly no one was too friendly or seemed too thrilled to be there. The minimal interaction I did have was fine, but really it didn't matter anyways since I was here for the food. Like I said, I am not hot dog's biggest fan and on top of that, I don't like pickles, so instead of going with the traditional Chicago style hot dog, I decided to get the Char-Grilled Maxwell Street Style Polish. I actually like sausage dogs so this choice suited me much better. They claim that it is grilled in the traditional way it was done on Maxwell Street but since I have no idea where Maxwell Street is, am not Polish and have never been to Poland, it does not mean much to me, but it sure tasted pretty delicious. I am also not a fan of mustard but on this dog it was not overpowering and I am always down for some grilled onions.My boyfriend stayed away from the dogs and ended up with the equally famous Italian Beef. It was very good. I obviously have to compare it to a Philly Cheesesteak and frankly, although it was good, the Philly wins, in my opinion, but definitely fresh ingredients and good flavors.With all the hype surrounded by this place, I would assume the fries would be good too. I ordered a Large Cheese Fries and was expecting a good amount of fries loaded with cheese, not something I would describe as a small with cheese on the side. I should have skipped that and gotten the Chocolate Cake everyone raves about.Yeah it's a chain, yeah there are better tasting dogs in the city, but for a first taste of the Chicago-style, there is no place else to consider.As I count down the days to my annual Chicago trip, I've been doing a mental inventory of my go-to and never-again-go-to places.  Sorry, Portillo's, but you're on the latter list.Admittedly, your Chicago dog was decent, but it really wasn't any better than Gold Coast's, which is faster, hotter and served much more efficiently.  No, the thing that put you on the no-go list was the cheesy beef.  Should I blame the cabbie who recommended it?  Maybe.  But is it really his fault that the thing looked like an open wound?  I'm quite the carnivore, but even I was mildly horrified.  And somehow, despite its distinctive look, it managed to taste completely forgettable.  I took a photo of it and everyone I showed it to gasped, and not in a good way.Side note:  The cabbie schooled me...when I got in and asked to be taken to "PortiYos", he said "This isn't California...it's pronounced "PortiLos".  Two stars for the memory.The italian Beef/Sausage combo and regular Italian Beef were really good. Slightly under Al's. but I have to give it 5 stars for that Bad Ass, ridiculously obscene Chocolate Cake Shake! Thats right folks, I saw it with my own eyes. They made my shake and sliced off a nice sized chunk of chocolate cake and stuffed it into my shake. It disintegrates nicely and allows for you to actually suck it through a straw. The cool chocolate passes through your lips ,  then you get hit with that milk and cookies pleasure,as the cake chunks slide across your lips and across your tongue.I'm so glad they now have a location in Buena Park, CaliforniaYeah, yeah, yeah... Hot dogs. Yeah, yeah, yeah... Beef sammiches. Yeah, yeah, yeah... Cheese fries. Yes, Portillo's has hands down some of my favorite greasy eats like dogs, Italian beefs and cheese fries, but they also have some unsung heroes on the menu. Like the burgers. I challenge you to find a better burger for the price. Portillo's flame grills those bad boys and tops em with the freshest condiments I've seen in a fast food joint. I'm talkin' ripe, red tomatoes, crunchy, non-wilted lettuce, really good crinkle cut pickle slices... seriously above and beyond what you'd expect. And foodgasm worthy. How about those chopped salads? They're probably the most unhealthy salads ever, what with the Gorgonzola cheese, bacon, pasta tubes, chicken and scallions, but they sure are tasty. And the house dressing is no joke. Hungry for more? The chocolate cake is one of the closest things to heaven I've found in Chicago. Portillos has no business having chocolate cake THIS GOOD at their restaurants. I mean, I've already consumed an ungodly number of calories. Do I really need to add dessert? (Answer: Hell yes!) The drive through looks daunting, but it moves along pretty quickly. I 'heart' Portillo's.Whenever my fam is in town they always want to stop at Portillo's for a hot dog.  I'm usually not a hot dog lover so I tend to stick with their salads. Or if I'm feeling extra indulgent I'll order their chocolate cake shake.  Um, yum!It turns out Baby R likes hot dogs (s/he must take after daddy) because I was dying for one last weekend.  What I really wanted was a hot dog from Wrigley Field with grilled onions (mmm), but my hubby told me that would be impossible (Cubs weren't playing).  He suggested a walk to Portillo's instead where I ordered not 1, but 2 hot dogs!  Just a bit of mustard for me, but the hubby went for all the toppings (including ketchup). Isn't it illegal to have ketchup on your hot dogs in Chicago?Those hot dogs were sooo tasty and I found myself wondering why I don't usually like them.  Not sure how I'll feel about Portillo's hot dogs post pregnancy, but I have a feeling I'll be back soon for another...and possibly one of those chocolate cake shakes.I can hardly believe that I have not reviewed this place yet.  I have probably been coming here for 20 plus years and the food is always consistent and good every single time.This place is like a finely oiled machine.  It is a thing of beauty to watch them take an order and then build your food.  I love standing there looking through the glass as everything comes together.  My favorite thing to order here is the double cheeseburger with everything on it including grilled onions.  It is so yummy!!!  I also love the char taste on the burger.  Now I must warn you please do not get the single cheeseburger.  I tried it once because I thought I would try to eat less and it was the worse mistake I ever made.  The double cheeseburger just seems to meld everything together.  I will never make that mistake again...please learn from me.Another thing we love to get is the char-dog.  Yes you have to order it that way.  Again I love that char taste on there.  I also get it with everything except for relish.  I really do not like relish.  I never have and I never will.  Now here is a warning.  They will not let you get a char-dog in the drive thru because it takes too long to prepare, so you are going to have to go in and get one if that is how you like it.The drive thru here has evolved over the years.  It seems less drive thru now and more of a drive in diner delivery.  You place your order and then you wait in your car as food is run over to your vehicle.  I have had time to talk to these poor workers and the worse days for them are when it is freezing cold outside or when someone decides to run over there foot.  So if you do go into the drive thru think about these poor workers and don't run over there toes!I use to love the beef sandwich here but I have a new love down the street.  I do like the Cheddar and Beef Croissant.  I remember my first one years ago and I thought to myself how could something taste so delicious.  Yes all of the flavors just seem to blend together.  If you have never had one of these you will really be surprised at how good it really is.There is also a bar here too where you can get a giant schooner of beer.  You are going to need two hands to lift the glass because it is that heavy.  The beer prices are also very reasonable too.  Just a note you can not order your beer when you order your food.  You will need to place this order at the bar.  The nice part is that your beer is usually poured and ready to be tasted before they call your number with your food.This place has been here forever and there fast food is really good.  I has stood the test of time and people keep flocking to this huge location.  Also if you are not into fast food, then there is an Italian place here too where you can get salads and pasta.  So there is a lot of variety.  I also hear the chocolate cake is really good.  I have never had it.  I am not a desert guy!  Give me a char-dog for desert and I would be fine!!!I'm a big fan of taking all of my out of town guests to as many classic Chicago hotspots as possible.  This is one of those places.  And - my guests loved it!I really wanted my out of town family to sample some classic Chicago cuisine so I thought we'd try Portillo's.  My boyfriend's step-dad drove by one once and thought it must be great if the drive-thru line was insanely long.  So I decided we'd go back here so he could see just how good this place really is.  My boyfriend ordered a cheeseburger and the rest of us tried the Italian beef.  I like mine simple - just the beef.  My boyfriend's mom and step-dad tried them with peppers and cheese and loved them.  The beef was flavorful and oh so tasty.  We also ordered some cheese fries which were absolutely delicious (note: pour some of the extra cheese from the fries onto the Italian beef - yum!).  I've always been a fan of the location in Downers Grove - they make great beef and other excellent selections.  They even catered my high school graduation party (same for all of the other students in the area).  So yummy!318 reviews on Yelp and I bet 300 of them have never set foot inside Portillo's.Why? Because every human being in Chicago seems to order at their drive thru! I waited FOR-EVERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR. I had the Combo Beef and Char-Grilled Sausage with a side order of cheese fries. It was one of the strangest hot dogs that I've ever eaten. Imagine a Philly Cheesesteak without the cheese and onions wrapped around a grilled Italian sausage. It tasted surprisingly good."20 minutes waiting at the drive thru" good? Perhaps not."10 minutes waiting at the drive thru" good? Maybe if I have the munchies...and the designated driver is willing to wait."5 minutes waiting at the drive thru" good? Hell yeah.Since I didn't have a car while I was visiting Chicago, I had to check out the hot dog joints within the Chicago downtown area.  A friend of mine, originally from Chicago, suggested I try the Italian Beef sandwich from Portillo's while in town.I did try it and it was delicious!  Wow!  I like spicy foods, so I asked for spicy peppers instead of sweet.  It was a huge sandwich for just me.  I ended up eating only half and saving the rest for the next day.  Even two days later, the sandwich was still yummy!!I went back a few days later to try the Chicago dog after realizing it was the only place on the list of great Chicago dogs that I could get to without a car or traveling on the L for an hour.  My friend suggested I get the Chicago dog, cheese fries and chocolate cake.  I LOVED IT!  And the people that were passing out the food in the pick up area were so nice!  There's one lady who's been there for over 20 years who rhymes everything with the number being called out.  She was entertaining and engaging.I hope to visit Chicago again soon, and this will definitely be one of my first stops in town!Okay folks. DO NOT LEAVE CHICAGO W/O TRYING A PORTILLO DOG! Chicago has great Italian food, killer deep dish pizza, and legendary steak houses - but this little hot dog is what really impressed me.Ordered a Portillo Dog ($2.45) with EVERYTHING :) It is a simple hot dog on a poppyseed bun generously topped with tomatos, onions, relish, mustard, and an entire slice of pickle dill.What makes a portillo dog different than any other hot dog? - The hot dog meat itself is extremly flavorful and the meat has a BITE to it. The poppyseed bun surrounding the hot dog is soaked in the juices and toppings, make it a soft contrast to the meat. The pickles and pepperoncinis on top complimented the taste and gave the overall experience a tang. UGH! HOT DOG HEAVEN! MUST MUST MUST try if you're in Chicago!Huge restaurant with crazy decor. Located right across the street from mcdonalds - don't know how they managed to stay in business! Heard there is a portillo's in Buena Park - can't wait to have it again :)Portillo's is pretty good fast food, a notch above the typical chain places like McDonald's and Burger King.  It is a chain itself, but a local chain, so I guess that makes it a little more acceptable to some people (although I don't really care about that).The hot dogs are tasty.  The Italian sausage is very flavorful, tender and moist (which is hard to find at a hot dog place, let me tell you). The burgers are great.  I don't eat Italian beef, but from what I'm told, Portillo's' Italian beef is killer--many people's "last meal" choice.  The menu is vast and they have many different options for whomever is in your group--salads, pasta, soup, what have you.  And it's very conveniently located close to my work, with later hours and a drive thru for those so inclined.What separates Portillo's from other fast food joints is the service.  The counter ladies are hysterical, yelling at each other and having fun (or seeming to).  There is always this one older guy who comes around to the tables to make sure everything is ok and he even throws your stuff away for you.  It's a nice touch, and unexpected.  It makes me want to go there over the other fast food places in the area for lunch.Thumbs up for Portillo's.Portillo's is the ultimate in Chicago comfort food.Go for the Italian Beef, the Chicago-style hot dogs and the cheese fries.  Stay for the yummy malts and shakes.Not feeling like "fast food" -- go for the pasta. Then after all that -- get your ass to the gym. :)A solid lunch spot.  Huge, so you can always find a table, and the assembly-line operation assures a quick turnaround. The menu is so diverse (supplemented by Barnelli's-- whose menu I prefer).  If I'm craving grease, the Portillo's cheeseburger hits the spot. However, I'm usually a sucker for either the Chicken Caprese panini (lots of fresh mozzarella and pesto) or the Chicken Pecan salad (WARMED honey dijon dressing) from the Barnelli's side.Oh, and warning: the chocolate cake is insanely good. We order it for every employee's birthday at our office! The not-so-secret ingredient, mayonnaise, is what makes it so moist.I love Portillo's.I grew up eating at Portillo's - only on special occasions though.  Now I go whenever I crave it (I just ate here last week) - life has been good to me.I've probably visited 10 different Portillo's locations in the Chicagoland area, and I always bring all of my out of town guests to Portillo's (the ones I like anyway).Here are the 2 rules:1) Must get the italian beef, with either sweet or hot pepper - or both.2) Must get it dipped so you get all the juices flowing through the bread.  That is the most important part of a Portillo's italian beef sandwich.Their hot dogs are decent too, and so are their fries (crinkle cut) and onion rings.  Shakes aren't bad either.It's good, expensive fast food, sooo good, so sooo very good.  They've mastered their drive-thru technique too - you order right when you get to the end of the line, instead of waiting to get to the order stand thing-y with the microphone/speaker.  That is all I have to say about that.MY FIRST CHICAGO DOG.. EVER!!  I've been looking forward to this experience since we've decided to go to Chicago.  And it definitely did not disappoint.  I was so overwhelmed the minute we walked in.  There was so much going on!  There were twinkling lights everywhere, people hustling and bustling around, lines going in every which direction....  It wasn't like a traditional hot dog joint like I expected it to be.  It's kind of like a food court, but Portillo's seemed to be their highlight.   I 've heard great things about this place, so I was really excited to stuff my face with every single goodness this place had to offer.  Of course, I had to get a hotdog first.  It was love at first bite, and my body was immediately taken over by euphoria.  It's everything I have ever dreamed a delicious Chicago dog would be!  Juicy and flavorful, and of course greasy and totally unhealthy too.  It's ok, it was my one major indulgence :)     I feel like you can't go wrong with anything you order here.  The onion rings were super fresh and the cheese fries are to die for.... Yum yum yum!  I want me some chili cheese fries and Chicago dog NOW!The World According to NoelleAllergic Girl's Guide to LifeWe spent Christmas in Chicago. Before we headed to the airport we needed to get gas for our rental car. While my better half was refueling our gas tank I spied the Portillo's Hot Dog Restaurant next to the gas station. We went through the drive through and purchased a few hot dogs for our dinner on our flight home. The service was extremely fast and friendly (which is amazing considering the drive through line was pretty long). So yes, Allergy Girl sat in first class on American Airlines from Chicago to San Jose eating her Portillo's Hot Dog with just mustard and everything was just peachy!Noelle's NotesI LOVE Portillo's. The best Hot Dog EVER.This place is an Chicago institute for a reason. My sister and I split an Italian beef sandwich and a classic Chicago hot dog.The decor is very divey, but it just adds to the flavor of the place. Italian beef was very good, though it was a bit messy to eat (I don't mind having beef juice running down my chin though) and was definitely not diet food.We massacred the Chicago-style hot dog, which is why we probably didn't fall head over heels for it. I cannot recall exactly what we asked for and what we left out, but I am sure we screwed the formula and will have to remedy this the next time we visit.All in all, good cheap eat. Recommended.The Italian Beef Sandwich at Portillos was one of the highlights of my recent trip to Chicago. Bread that was soggy from all the greasy, fatty meat juice, two grilled sweet peppers, and a mountain of delicious, tender, juicy beef. At first, it was hard to get past the fact that I was eating what was probably the heaviest and greasiest sandwich I ever had in my life. By the time I finished, I wanted another one. Struggling to walk around afterwards, I was glad that there wasn't a branch of Portillo's out in LA*, otherwise I would have to forsake all forms of exercise and diet to feed my insatiable Italian Beef Sandwich lust. But now, I just miss it. The restaurant itself is a bustling two-story zoo full of kids, tourists, and even locals, like a herd of cattle clamoring for a heart-attack slaughter. Apparently their hotdogs, chili, and burgers are delicious as well. Can't wait to go back.* If anyone knows where I could find a comparable Italian Beef Sandwich in LA, I will cry tears of joy and bribe you with as many Yelp Compliments and Cool votes as you want.** UPDATE: Thanks to everyone who informed me that there's a Portillo's in Buena Park, Orange County!"Like a virgin.  Touched for the very first time."DAY 1.  Part 1.Like I say in my photoblog, had I known there was a frikken Portillos in Buena Park I would have not come here.  But hell, it was right by a subway station and damn it, convenience is queen.It is true that some of the more foodie-savvy Yelpers scoff at Portillos and will tell you to go to some far away hole in the wall, in a neighborhood that is a cab and a bus ride away from the nearest brown line station.  Yelper, please.I'm a tourist, damn it, and I'm going for convenience and I'm going to go where ever that one Chicago Yelp thread suggested I visit.  Whether that thread was a forum of misinformation or not,  I didn't mind Portillos at all.I never had an Italian beef sandwich up until this point so I had nothing to compare it to.  I also never had a Chicago style hotdog, so I had nothing to compare that to.Both were good in my book.  Luckily my instincts told me to go with the hot peppers.  They totally made the Italian beef sandwich just right.  I would have preferred to lace it with hot sauce, like they offer at Max's Take Out by the Loop, but it was all good.  The Chicago style hotdog was also tasty.  I haven't eaten a hotdog in years, but I figured I was in Chicago, and was told by many, THAT was the thing to try.  I wasn't blown away but I do understand the appeal.So there you have it --- I popped my Italian beef sandwich cherry at Portillos.  I left a happy tourist, looking forward to further adventures in the Windy City.  The LOWDOWN Chicago Style...Minus 1 and a half stars for being a chain...AND for having a location in Buena Park.  I know they can't help it, but being the quasi-food snob that I am, I just don't do chains unless they have TWO exclamation points after their name.  However, they're probably a chain because their food was good in the first place so don't mind me.Plus 2 stars for the delicious Italian beef sandwich.  I didn't eat all day and it certainly hit the spot.Plus 1 star for the decent variety of beer and food.  I was dying for ribs as well, but opted out.Plus half a star for the ambience.  It was a little Disney-esque for my taste but I thought it was charming in that thematic way.  (3.5 stars).End of Part 1.It's hard to believe that this is the ONLY Portillo's in the city of Chicago.  Anyone who has ventured outside the city know that there are several locations in the 'burbs.  From Arlington Heights to Willowbrook, we all know how popular Portillo's is in the Chicagoland area.I have to admit that I've never set foot in this location because they have a great drive-thru service.   Their drive-thru helped us avoid the tourist trap inside.  They have the best char-broiled cheeseburgers, Chicago-style hot dogs, Maxwell Street Polish sausages, and Italian Beef sandwiches.  They also have awesome milkshakes and smoothies.  This is one of our favorite places to go to when we're downtown, especially before we catch a movie at the AMC.  Vegetarians beware, this place is all about the MEAT.Took a vacation to Chicago City and had to check out a popular Chicago Dog. I was never a fan of hot dogs until I ate this Chicago Dog!   AMBIANCE: Fast food joint atmosphere type. Noisy but fun setting. SERVICE: Waited about 10 minutes for my food. It's a pick up and sit yourself down type of restaurantFOOD: HOTDOG - SO DELICIOUS!  Hot-dog in a poppy seed bun, topped w/relish, onions, mustard tomatoes, and pickles. FRENCH FRIES- Crispy Crinkly French was good. Not drenched in oil. STARWABERRY MALT- Perfect with my meal!   VALUE:  A great cheap eat place! I spent about $10 on a meal that made me full.PROS:         FOOD- Delicious         PRICE- Cheap         CONS:  None, what so everI'd defiantly be a regular if Hawaii had a Portillo's!Portillo's is my favorite chain fast-food restaurant, hands-down. And it's pretty much one of the only fast-food restaurants I will actually eat at.The hot dogs, Italian Beef (always ordered juicy), fries, and the chocolate cake are always winners.I've been told the Italian Strawberry Shortcake dessert is good too, so I'm excited to add that to my "food to-do" list. And the chocolate cake shake is on my list next time it's warm enough outside. I can't get down with drinking anything that cold when it's less than 70 degrees outside, but that's just me.It's even better that they serve alcohol here too (I'm not certain if all their locations do), so you can grab a beer or Mai-tai with your gloriously just-greasy-enough eats.This location is always busy, but don't let the line scare you. It's a well-oiled machine and you won't wait too long for artery-clogging deliciousness.Ok, so I didn't try one of their world-famous hot dogs; however, of the things I did sample, I can understand what the buzz is all about!  And, all I can say is, "WOW!"  First off, if you're looking for heart-healthy fare, this place is not your place.  If it's a cheat day for you (I try to indulge at least 1x a week), then this place will certainly hit the spot! I tried the Italian beef sandwich and fries on this visit, and it totally rocked my world.... and I'm not exaggerating.  It was possibly one of the best things I've ever tasted.  If you order one, you MUST get the spicy peppers (they're not too spicy and they mix them in w/ meat) AND get the regular peppers --it's a mix of grilled red and green bell peppers they place on top.  Oh, my! My mouth is watering just thinking about it.  I also tried the french fries (very tasty), and Vinny and I split the chicken croissant sandwich, which was quite good as well.  We ordered it as a "side," however... so, I don't advocate ordering the chicken croissant sandwich as your main meal if it's your first time.  I'd say stick w/ the Italian beef sandwich or try one of the hot dogs everyone raves about.  I'm trying another Italian beef AND a hot dog next time I go!As for atmosphere, the location I visited in Chicago is their flagship location and is giant!  There's a very large and open dining room and more room upstairs, and it's very comfortable.  It kinda reminds me of a giant log cabin inside.  Also, I'm glad Vinny and I got there before the lunch crowd hit. As we were finishing up our meal, the line to order was growing quite large!  Then, we noted that a bus load of tourists were entering the building.  They knew what they were doing! :)I'm going to honest with you, I don't eat meat, so don't expect me to rave or rant about their dogs.  What I will tell you is that of all of the vegetarian options I've ordered, none are any good.First of all, their "Meatless Option" menu is a joke.  Fish sandwiches are not "meatless."  Hello!  Just because it's not made from a cow doesn't mean it's not still meat.Secondly, their veggie crossaint, while sounding promising, is a bust.  There's too much cheese & it overpowers everything else.  It's basically just lettuce, cheese, & tomato on a crossaint with tons of mayo.I suppose I should continue this review at Barinelli's, but I'll just add it here cuz they're virtually one in the same.Thirdly, on their pasta side, each & every time I've ordered the pasta, it has tasted metallic, like they cooked a fork in with the sauce.  Not good.  & the bread has been stale at best.If I am out-numbered, I'll go back, but if it's of my own volition, I won't.Awesome fast food. Followed the advice of Yelpers and got the Jumbo hot dog with everything, cheese fries, and chocolate cake shake. After ordering, the guy looked at me and said "ok. you are going to have a great meal" hahathe Jumbo hot dog was really spanking amazing! and cheese fries were awesome too! The chocolate cake shake was unique, but I probably could've done without it. I will have to go back to this place before I leave Chicago. mmmMMMMMmmmmSince there are a ton of reviews already I'm guessing there's not a whole lot that I can add, but here goes...I'm a fishatarian, that's right a fish-eating vegetarian so may seem a bit odd that I'm reviewing a place like Portillo's let alone giving it 4-stars. Here's why I like Portillo's:+ The efficiency, I think I've only eaten inside this location once, but the drive-thru line is always down the street. The workers are out there rain or shine, warm or bitter cold and have everything moving quickly and orderly.+ The grilled tuna sandwich. Really, next time you're there check out the menu, it's really on there. It's so good, they're very generous with the fish and it's just so darn tasty. Comes with lettuce, tomato, red onion and tartar sauce - kudos for not slathering on the sauce.+ The cheese fries, they are so tasty. The fries are perfectly done, well salted and the cheese is always hot and creamy. They put it in a side cup, so it stays warm on the drive home.Bottom line: if you're ever in the mood for something other than beef, a burger or a hot dog give the tuna sandwich a shot. Don't worry if they look at you funny, sometimes I think the employees forget it's on the menu too.It's getting an extra star purely from a customer service standpoint (see below).  I went drive-thru the other day near lunch time...if you've ever been during that time, then you know it's absolutely packed in with cars queuing up for Portillo's goods...however, it's a well oiled system they've put in place so the wait is never more than 5-10 min.So after placing my order I inch up in line and grab for my wallet. Gone! Or never was.  I left the damn thing at home! F me, now I'm gonna have to wait through the entire line, starving mind you, and not even be rewarded my grilled yellowfin tuna steak sandwich as I come out the other side...all the while having to endure the aroma of char-grilled burgers, dogs, chicken and the whatnot.  I told the cash attendant my situation, she headsets it to the people's inside, comes back and says, no worries, it's on us!Wow. Just wow.  (and so was the yellowfin tuna)So while in Chicago for a few days, I decided to hit up the famous Portillo's Hot Dogs.  I have always avoided this place because it is Tourist Central.  Nevertheless I visited the giant street food style restaurant, waited in line and ordered a Italian Beef Sandwich.The Italian Beef Sandwich was big and beautiful.  Juicy seasoned beef on French Bread with hot peppers.  The beef was soft and the bread was tasty.  The peppers added a little spice, but I wish the beef had been seasoned better.  I thought it was ok, but it didn't blow me away.  yelp.com/biz_photos/rp17…Portillo's is worth the stop if you come into Chicago, but I am sure there are better places to get Italian Beef sanwiches.Portillo's was a "must stop" for the Chicago tourist. It's conveniently located close to the Miracle Mile, so we walked a few blocks from our hotel. The line is quite long but moves FAST. I was still trying to figure which dog to getbefore someone was already asking for my order. We got the Jumbo hot dog. I was not impressed with the squished bun and toppings. Sure the hot dog was good but it just wasn't very impressive. I actually thought the kosher pickle they included was the best part of the "meal".Yes, I am aware that this is totally cheesy and a tourist mecca, but I enjoyed it just the same. First of all, I am impressed that they know how to move a line. In our case, before you arrived at the cash register, we were met by an employee in line who scrawled our order on a paper bag. So by the time you arrived at the register, all you had to do was pay.The food arrived quickly and this is a time when the Yelp reviews really offered some good suggestions and we got exactly what I expected.Our order was:1) Hot dog - cut in two it was a perfect two bite appetizer for us to share.2) Italian beef sandwich with your choice of sweet or hot peppers - much larger. It was a whole different beast.3) Chocolate cake shake - now this is what I really remember. This brought back fond memories of playing with my food as a kid. I still love to dip my fries in a milkshake and get that mix of heat and cold, salty and sweet. So in this case, they crumble moist chocolate cake into the shake. Hello, lover!The decor is silly, but to be honest I preferred every element of the experience at Portillo's to our Chicago deep-dish pizza experiences. It was quick and fun, loud and pretty inexpensive. I'd absolutely bring my kids here. And it is not just for tourists. We actually ran into a local we know here.Went to try the Chicago Dog, but fell for the Italian Beef.  Right in the middle of Chicago, very relaxed casual atmosphere, like the sense of space inside.Um, I was thoroughly disappointed with my "Chicago Style" hot dog. Having come all the way from San Francisco and never having tried a Chicago Style hot dog before, I expected the windy city to serve me a huge polish-sized dog overflowing with all the ingredients that makes this "so-called" hot dog famous. What I got was this-- yelp.com/biz_photos/rp17…-- a small little dog on a standard grocery store bun with a huge overpowering pickle and a few peppers and onions. I would have been better off adding tons of onions and a pickle on a $1.50 Costco Polish dog. Ugh...At first glance it kinda looked like  a tourist trap.  Think tacky interior and morbidly obese ill-dressed summer tourists wearing ugly t-shirts, culottes, socks AND slippers with cameras on hand and carrying messenger bags.I was prepared to pay $4 for a bottle of water and $5 for a small hot dog, just to complete the picture of this place as a tourist trap.  But no - the menu came to $8.41 for two delicious hot dogs (one of which is chili) and cheese fries (crinkle cut, just like the ones that grandma used to buy me and my brother as a reward for being so good in attending a 2-hr swimming lesson!).  Unbelievable.  This place just got a major upgrade, in my books.I've been to a few of Chicago's eateries and this place is one of the best so far and the pricing is even better make sure to check this place outI'm afraid I just didn't get it. I found the experience of buying lunch here really stressful. The queue staff were pretty rude - it was INSANELY busy being the first time the sun had come out so I guess people had walked there from miles around... or something. But it was a bit excessive to ignore someone and when they pointed that out, say 'I know'. Strange customer service custom. Then they forgot my fries and I had to fight through the crowd to get them and I sort of wanted to cry. Or steal a stray strawberry milkshake. My chili dog was tasty but meh. The fries were simply meh. I was sweltering and traumatised by the time I got them. Sorry Portillo's, I really wanted to like you. I will go back to see if it was just an off day. I think maybe I've just had my fill of plastic cheese. I never thought this day would come.I always go and order off the beaten path.Instead of ordering the "original" chi dog, which looked amazing, I asked for beef with onions, ketchup and mustard. Pretty damn good! Fries were un-memorable but everything else was good. Nice to finally say I've tried a hot dog in Chicago! Minus one star for the drive thru. It took like 20 minutes and I wasn't able to see the menu until after I ordered. boo.Okay, I'm pushing Portillo's to 4 stars because I have been ordering the Italian beef sandwich wrong on my two previous visits.Make sure to order the sandwich: WETSo much better and the sandwich was delicious! I was satisfied and the onion rings were great also. I tried the chocolate cake for the first time and wow, that was rich. My first great meal at Portillo's and not the last.I WANT TO BE REINCARNATED AS AN ITALIAN BEEF SANDWICHWhat can I say that hasn't already been said about Portillo's?If there's such a thing as reincarnation, I can only hope that I've been good enough in this life to get reborn as an Italian Beef sandwich with its heaps of savory beef, its fiery hot peppers, and its crusty bread lovingly soaking up all that greasy, beefy goodness.  ***drool***If you're within a mile of this place, there's not excuse to not go.  They manage to distill the pure essence of Chicago into a log of meat, slapped b/w a bun.Try it, you'll like it.This what you call NOT a real Chicago hot dog. I have had more edible hot dogs boiled at a children's party. A) They are not served with the proper toppings (ie celery salt, hot pepers, pickles)B) They have always been sitting around for a while by the time they serve themC) They habitually under cook their friesD) Its a chain. Really, in Chicago -- the home of the world's best hot dogs --  you couldn't do better than go to a chain?? Seriously???Portillo's is like the best mall food court ever.  You want pasta?  They've got pasta (baked mostaccioli was great).  You want hot dogs or hamburgers?  They're pretty much the best you'll find at a fast food-ish joint.  You want a chocolate milkshake with chunks of chocolate cake inside?  Hell yes.  Portillo's has all this and more.I loved everything I tasted there... and I'll be back for more.  It ain't fancy, but it's deeeeeelicious.Om. Nom. Nom. Nom.I've been on a vegetarian kick for a while but am glad I broke that for a couple of hot dogs at Portillo's!!!  Delicious!!!  Just fantastic :)There are multiple locations and this review is for the one near the giant McDonald's store.  It shares the location with another restaurant but almost everyone here was a Portillo's patron!You study a menu, get in line, order with a woman who gives you an empty bag with your order written on it.  You give the bag to the cashier and pay, get your receipt and then find a table and wait till they call your number.And then, you eat!  Delicious goodness.  Good, soft hot dog bub.  Long, delicious hot dog (TWSS ;P) and awesome toppings... mustard, relish, diced onions, tomatoes, little green hot chillies and you add your own ketchup.  All for about $2.50.I had two - and loved every bite.  I can see why this place is so popular - it's not just the dogs but the whole package as well as the experience of indulging in what is somewhat of local lore :)~ 5 stars overall - would recommend this place to anyone visiting the Windy City.  Never thought I would rank a hot dog place 5 stars but when you consider the value, how can it be anything less?# 219Natasha had it right when she said to go here hungry because you are going to want to eat everything on the menu.I tried the famous hot dog, a bite of the italian sausage, and a strawberry milkshake that was way too sweet. Fries were a plus.The lady behind the counter calling out the names had an awesome booming voice.The order barker here made our hero feel like he was at a carnival rap battle."Order 60.. Six-oh, you're ready to go. Sixty-one your order is done. 63. 62, waiting on you.  Sixty-five, order with fries.  Sixty-four, wait no more!"Clearly, that man was having way too much fun with his job spittin' some mad rhymes.The hot dog and sandwich buns they use here are a bit too soft and tend to get smooshed up while being eaten.  The roast beef and sausage sandwich was fairly ok, but a bit salty.  The food seems a bit overrated and the ambiance is very American.  It might be good in a kitschy way if you're a local or a tourist from Korea or something.PROS:- Cheap meals.- Interesting Americana ambiance.- Awesome chocolate cake shake that tastes like a liquid cake with real cake morsels and everything.CONS:- Their buns suck.- The long lines.I just wanted to reiterate how awesome this chain is and add this to a yelp list.A boat load of places in St. Louis serve Maxwell St. Polishes... cept they're FROZEN and then SPLIT, or MICROWAVED, or WHATEVER To make it a dried shriveled phallus with its glory now long past....That alone makes me trek up here for a hot dog / polish fix... but that's not all.  Their salads are great along with their desserts, both the strawberry cake thingy and the chocolate cake.  THIS PLACE HAS IT ALL.  A trip to this town just isn't quite the same without a visit here.Drive thru, Drive thru, Drive thru!Fries are yumonion rings..don't forget the mustard.Beefs, you've read below..yumhot dogs oh yes!Cheesburgers...a nice good handful of ooh baaabyyes!lemonade..sluuuurrrpp aaaah!chocolate cake......oh F*ck Me HARDER!!!!!Let's get a few things clear:1) I hate hot dogs2) I'm a San Francisco foodie who usually eats organic quail with quinoa for breakfast3) Being on the same block as a Hard Rock Cafe and Rock N' Roll McDonalds doesn't inspire my confidence3) I loathe restaurants that look like Fuddrucker's had sex with a TGIFriday's.Yet, despite all this, Portillo's hot dogs were undeniably awesome and worth a trip.  Perfect condiment mix on top - they don't require anything else.I hate to give this place an -OK review, it was more like 3.5 stars and given the price it could probably be 4 ... but I just wasn't too impressed with the hot dog here. I have to say I am a fan of Pink's in Los Angeles quite a bit even though they don't have as fantastic of a Yelp rating as Portillo's, but in the end its all about your own taste buds.The line was nonexistent because we came during an odd time of the day. It smelled delicious in here, and the service was super super quick. Your order comes up almost immediately and there is plenty of seating for you, yourself or a huge group of people. The hot dogs are wrapped in this paper tray thing, so you can just dig in without getting too messy which is nice. Overall, first bite, not too much impression, the bread was soft and the hot dog was there. The veggies on top didn't do much for me and I ended up having to lather it on with mustard to finish. I can see it as great drunk food. I don't know.First of All Let Me Say that Portillo's does have great food but not great pizza.I have had many of the items on their menu but the pizza is quite forgettable. I ordered tomato and basil pizza. The pizza was beautifully made and presented with fresh-cut tomatoes, basil and Parmesan cheese. The only thing that did not come with the pizza was taste.I had to pile on Parmesan cheese and pepper flakes to make it worth my while. I was dumbstruck how such a aesthetically pleasing pizza could have the taste of unsalted crackers. It should be dropped from the menu.God bless their chocolate cake though.Unimaginative. "Street food" means YOU DON'T SIT DOWN TO EAT IT.And "sweet vinegarette" on a salad - why does salad dressing have sugar in it? Yuk. I walked out. Disgusting, full of suburbanites and tourists.I love this place!  It's located in the Gold Coast area where we used to live.  I know, it's touristy but who cares. I'm from Vancouver and there's nothing like Portillo's. The Italian beef drips juice nicely all over the fries to give it a nice infusion of flavour, the salads are solid, desserts are good value as well as the drinks.We came here almost 3 x on our last trip.  I think it's time for another "do-over"I left my heart in Portillo's!Even though there is a couple locations in California, I still take the out of towners here. Italian beef w/ peppers and cheese, a hot dog with everything, fries and a chocolate cake shake is a guilty pleasure. I would not recommend their chicken sandwiches or hamburgers- very disappointing.Current Addiction - Chocolate cake shake. It's like birthday cake and ice cream in a cup. It can't get any better then that.Yeah, this place is really good.  Like really really good.  So my bf and I ordered a large Italian Beef with cheddar sandwich and a large Chicago hot dog, intending to share 50/50.  Now here comes the brutally honest part.  My first few bites were very meh.  The Italian beef and hot dog were good, but were there *Ratatouille-inspired fireworks exploding in my head?*  No.But then it was like a switch went off.  All of a sudden, as I neared the end of my dinner, I started longing for more.  Each bite became increasingly satisfying and thoughts of ordering more started floating around in my head.  And at that very moment, my bf stood up and said, "I'm going to go get another."  That was the best thing he could have said at that moment.  Completely stuffed, we shared yet another large Italian beef.  Still so so good.And then we finished the meal with a chocolate frozen custard.  Also amazing.  Light, creamy, incredibly smooth.  Not that regular ice cream isn't smooth, but just cannot compare to the smoothness of the frozen custard.In a nutshell: Go here.  Eat lots.  You're welcome.I had to try a Chicago style hot dog during my visit to Chi-town. I was not disappointed!Do you like chocolate cake? Do you like shakes? Then you MUST run to Portillos and get the chocolate cake shake.  I would've never thought to dump a cake into my blender but really, this concoction is spectacular.  My husband took me here because he was dying for a real Chicago hot dog.  He got the combo -- Italian beef (which he loved) and a hot dog (which he said was "just ok").   Their menu listed three "nonmeat" options: amusingly two of those had fish.  But the third was a veggie croissant: lettuce, tomato, cheese, pickles, and mayo. I have to say it didn't taste half bad.  If you want more vegetarian options, Barnelli's in the same room has veggie pizzas and pastas. Big loud gaudy complex, full of odd decor, like laundry clotheslines and Stanley Cup banners.  I noticed a ton of seating for solo diners by the window.I haven't been to Chicago since we moved from here when I was a kid and I don't remember much of it.The past Saturday... I walked about 15 miles to discover the downtown area on foot... I loved it... Chicago truly is a beautiful town.It was around 9:30'sh when I happened upon Portillo's Hot Dogs.The big red sign outside caught my eye the night before and my friend said this is where he went for a good sandwich.I was starving and decided to try it.MmMMmmmm... good sandwich indeed.I ordered the Big Beef italian sandwich with hot peppers and a large cheddar cheese fries.Damn tasty!  Although the "cheddar cheese fries" consisted of a large fry with melted velveeta in a cup... not quite what I was looking for, but the fries were cooked just how I liked them and it did go great with the cheese.Also poured some of the cheese over the Italian beef sandwich... mmmm mmmm mmmm...I just drooled a little bit.I just love Portillo's, I mean if you're from Chicago chances are you love it too :) Yesterday we had lunch catered in before our magical boat ride. We had the beef, Italian sausage, pasta, salad and 4 chocolate cakes. Yes, 4 of them. I work in an office of approximately 50 people and there was a whole cake left over! I ate very little of the main course just so I could indulge in a big piece of moist chocolate cake. Glad I had an intense workout later in the evening just to burn off a fraction of what I ate.If you go here, get the Italian beef sandwich. You will fall in love because the beef is so well flavored and it melts in your mouth. The chopped salad is also very good. They put noodles in the salad too. Of course save room for some cake. We had a whole cake left over yesterday and when we came in this morning, it was MIA. I wonder who took it home, perhaps the cleaning lady???Yay! Lov this portillos place! Fond memories of college late nites and also great to drive up and get my POLISH OR ITALIAN BEEF FIX! : ) Fast service and always sooooo GOOD!!Portillo's - still open at 2am and walking distance from The Kerryman, that's all I needed to know that night.  The entrance leads to an open dining area surrounded by stations serving different foods.  Basically a bazaar of everything you'd want late at night.  Soon after we grabbed a seat, I'm faced with a dilemma.  Juicy belly busting double bacon cheeseburger with fries or overflowing with all the fixins Chicago dog and fries?  Being that my food IQ skyrockets when I'm drunk I intelligently went with secret choice #3, burger AND hot dog AND fries.  Win.  In the one hour I've known Portillo's, she was perfect.Chicago-style hot dogs are something I could get used too.  It was weird with the wedge of pickle on top, but I guess it does add a different texture to whole thing.  Need to practice opening my mouth wide enough to fit a little of everything in one bite. I wonder if there are any good places in the Bay Area that serve Chicago-style hot dogs....I'll be the first to admit that you can get a better hot dog (definitely a better hot dog bun) somewhere else but when I factor in the value, the customer service, and the mouth-watering peppers included in the hot dog then I'm more inclined to say, "Hells Yeah".  Not to mention you can top that dog off with an awesome Chocolate Cake Shake...double Hells Yeahs to that!  I also love the fact you get free refills on soft drinks.Pass on the Maxwell Street Polish though unless your looking for something different.  It wasn't appetizing at all and it almost ruined my experience at this Portillo's location.Props to the other Hellz Yeah reviewer of Portillo's Hot Dogs.  You know who you are...good review!Pop an extra Lipitor and do this joint up!How could this shrine to gluttonous Chicago street fare get any better?  Well, they could add a frozen custard stand.  Oh, wait!  THEY DID ADD A FROZEN CUSTARD STAND. Sweet baby jebus!  Portillo's is the Italian beef against which all Italian beef outlets are measured.  None approaches the fresh, flavorful, artery-clogging deliciousness that Portillos offers.While this location uses real cheddar cheese on their beefs, friends have told me that suburban Portillo's locations use fake cheese sauce.  That is a capital crime in my book...but the suburbs deserve it.The 2nd of Chicago's signature offerings, I was honestly a tad bit skeptical of the Chicago dog thinking to myself, "How good could a plain Jane hot dog with some mustard and veggies be?"Answer: pretty damn delicious!The Italian beef dogs at Portillo's are exceptionally juicy and worked so nicely with the onions, tomato and pickle slice like Rain and Hyori engaged in the tango (YouTube if you're curious).  The vinegary flavors from the pickle jived so perfectly with the fats and juices of the meat and this is coming from someone who normally disdains the green buggers.I would go as far as to say that a Chicago dog is to Chi-Town as an In-N-Out burger is to Cali.  Yeah, I went there ;)The chocolate cake shake is whats up! Sweet, chocolaty & delicious....even if you get a small, its a nice size!By the way, they have a pretty damn good italian beefOne of my Chicago friends told us to stop in for a hot dog and I thought to myself, "Are you kidding me?  I'm gonna waste one of my Chicago meals on a hot dog?"  Well, the dog was plenty good and there was much more here than dogs.  I was surprised at how big the place was and all the menu selections.  Dogs, burgers, ribs, desserts, with about four different stations where you can order.  It's got a lot of fun decor, definitely a good place to bring the family.Our first visit brought us in for dessert and we ordered a chocolate cake shake and a strawberry frozen custard sundae.  Both were awesome and very reasonably priced.  The shake was very unique, with chocolate cake blended into the shake...  it was like drinking liquid chocolate cake!  Very rich, definitely something to be shared.We liked it so much we came in the next day for lunch.  We each ordered a hot dog and split a beef & cheese croissant.  The dogs were great...  loved the poppyseed buns!  The croissant was pretty good- not a whole lot of flavor kick, but the grilled pepper on top was nice and the amount of meat was generous.  We finished off the lunch with a chocolate-vanilla frozen custard in a waffle cone.  Can't wait to go back for more!I've been here several times. Almost every time I come to Chicago and am nearby one, I go. Can't go wrong with this, especially the large downtown location. The Italian beef is ok here, I've had better...but the jumbo hot dogs are delicious. Get them with everything, they're awesome. The chilli dogs are great too.The ambiance of this place reminds me of NYNY in Vegas. Fake store fronts and what nots inside. I was told to go here to try their Chicago styled hot dogs and THEY ARE TO DIE FOR! I wish they had 'em over here on the West :(For me, nothing beats a bacon-wrapped dirty-dog on the streets of LA. But Portillo's is a close second.Forget the Buena Park location: it's all about the original in Chi-cah-go. It could've been the snow, it could've been all the walking around, but my girlfriends and I marched in here, knew exactly what to order (chicago dog and chili dogs with fries) and scarfed that stuff down like starving orphans...or like dudes.Forget being dainty when it comes to hotdogs. You just gotta open your mouth and take it in!Give me a jumb dog, piled high with picklesand peppers, with a side  cheese fries and slap me when Im done to wake me from the Vienna Beef induced food coma.I was a little afraid of this place- it has been recommended by just about everyone and upon arriving it was reminiscent of an Orlando Style eatery- very kitschy- in your face decorations that made you feel like you were in downtown Orlando or some other Tourist Trap of the sort.Thank God and everything that is processed and boiled, because this place lived up to the hype and jealousy induced comments I received when posting pics of my delicious noms.I had to have it again before I left-it's that Good!This is a cheap restaurant that serves fantastic Americana food with a smile. It is a relief for you wallet in comparison with the many "fancy" restaurants in the general area and will make your mouth happy. I need to eat gluten free and really enjoyed their Italian beef without the bun. The hot peppers on the Chicago dog are no joke spicy. The ribs and coleslaw are also enjoyable. You'll be served quickly here and would be crazy if you didn't enjoy your meal.This place does Chicago street food right. Granted, I came here to try the Italian beef sandwiches, so I cannot speak to the Hot Dogs, but other reviews speak for themselves.The italian beef was everything I thought it would be-- plentiful, juicy, flavorful and doughy.  It was cheap too!  The setting is a bit odd -- it looks almost like a food court with a bunch of stalls and then open seating. It's gluttonous and it's delicious. The cheese is amazing too. YUM. Do not leave Chicago without an Italian beef sandwich in your gullet. EAT IT ON THE PLANE if you have to.Walking into Portillo's hotdogs, I was greeted with bright lights, wooden floors, brick veneer columns and red/white checkered picnic table cloths. Expecting a small shop that serves mainly hot dogs, I was surprised to see what appeared as a huge food court, each one specializing in one of Chicago's best--cheese fries, polish sausages, hamburgers, pasta, pizza, ribs and even chocolate cake shakes. Despite the large selection, I remained resolute--when in Chicago, order the Chicago hot dog.The Chicago hot dog came out piping hot in parchment paper with the words "Portillo's Hotdogs" printed on. Tomatoes, pickled peppers, relish, onion, mustard, and a huge slice of pickle covered the beef hot dog tucked in a poppy seed bun. Within minutes, the savory hot dog disappeared before my eyes and I yearned for just one more, but time was ticking and we had other plans on our itinerary. Portillo's has left me no choice but to brave the cold Chicago winter once more and next time I won't make the tragic mistake of ordering just one Chicago dog.As a relative Chicago newcomer, I still have to say I like Portillos, even though I can hear the groans from you jaded residents.Can't beat the Chicago hot dogs, and the Italian beef.  My personal favorite is the grilled ahi tuna sandwich (mayo/tartar on the side).  Great flavor and low fat!  Portillos is a dependable lunch spot for me.I went to around 5 different joints in search of a good hot dog/sandwich place and Portillo's definitely won my vote. I was a bit disappointed by the Chicago dog, tasted like most of the other chicago dog's in the city, but the italian beef and sausage sandwich was hands-down amazing! Very well flavored and the meat was tender and juicy.I would recommend this place for anyone visiting Chicago, good food and at a cheap price.It's portillos ... need I say more?  The italian beef is the best in the area in my opinion.  Fries are always solid here. Top off your meal with a chocolate cake shake and you've just had the perfect fast food trifecta.The drive through lane is always jam packed but it's not as scary as it looks.  Avoid the mcdonalds across the street and go to portillo's no matter how long the line is.Great hangover food, Portillo's answers the need after a long morning at the office.3 stars for the price.  Portillo's is way too expensive.  However, the food fills you up, and is generally pretty tasty.Portillo's needs another review like I need a hot dog in my ear. But this being Yelp, I'm going to write one anyway.The hot dogs are good. The fast-food style burgers are also very good, and grilled to order. You won't be given something that's been sitting under a heat lamp here! The fries are passable. The Barnelli's side has a good assortment of pastas, salads and sandwiches. If you're trying to stay healthy, you'll probably want to stick to that side (though Portillo's has a grilled chicken sandwich that would fit the bill).When it gets busy in here, and it frequently does, it can be a bit chaotic. They do what they can to make it go smoother--like having people going down the line and writing down your order on a bag, which you can then just hand to cashier--but that only helps so much. The order pick up area gets very noisy and crowded and sometimes the workers there get a little discombobulated and call your number before your order is complete--make sure you get everything you ordered!Blah blah blah! Let's cut to the chase, shall we?Get a friggin' Chocolate Cake Shake! Just do it. Don't ask. Just. Do. It. The Chocolate Cake Shake is THE BEST shake I have EVER had in my =cough cough= years on this Earth! The formula is simple: it's a chocolate shake with Portillo's own chocolate cake blended into it. Oh my deity (and my diet)! This phrase has gotten me into some trouble before, but what the heck: It's like heaven in my mouth! One word of warning: it's FILLING; if you're getting it with food, order less than you think you need.That is all.On our four day visit we came twice. We entered to a huge food court setting.  Plenty of tables.  Order and pay at the counter on one end and, then over to the other side to then pick up counter.  Like lots of fast food places, the order menu is posted above your head.  That puts pressure on you as to what to order especially since they've got an extensive menu offering.The first time I had the chili cheese dog with an order of fries.  Yesterday we went back and I ordered the regular Chicago old style hot dog with the works = mustard, onions, sliced tomatoes, pickle spear, and hot peppers.  Even a choice, I'd have my dog this way unless they had a Portillo in the City.  Then I could toggle back and forth.A coworker of mine recently told me about this chocolate cake shake she has to get every time she goes back home to Chicago. So of course I had to make a special stop while I was there! And special it was!We were down the street eating lunch when I was told how close Portillo's was. Everybody was stuffed from lunch, but there's always room for chocolate after a meal! We walked to Portillo's to indulge. One of our friends ordered a slice of the "famous" chocolate cake; my other friend and I split the chocolate cake shake. While we were waiting on our shake, we were asked to help with the slice of cake since she couldn't finish it herself. What a daunting task...of course we gave in! Holy cow. This cake hit the spot in all the right places. It was an extremely moist 2 layer cake with the most perfect chocolate frosting. Right away, it reminded me of the chocolate cake recipe on the Hershey's Cocoa tin (which is my fav homemade chocolate cake). I couldn't stop "helping" her eat it, but I had to save room for this shake that I was anticipating.The shake was ready within minutes, and we dug right in. It was just as amazing as we heard it would be. Surprisingly, it was not overly rich and you could taste the chocolate cake blended in the smooth ice cream. I can finally understand why my coworker has the need to get this whenever she goes home. I'm pretty sure it will be added to my list now whenever I'm in Chicago. Thanks Nicole!I was informed to order only the beef sandwich. I didn't listen and ordered the hot dog. I should have listened.Compared to other hot dog places in the city, this was very basic. So skip the hot dog and listen to me, get the beef sandwich.This was my first place to eat at in Chi town!I shared a chili cheese jumbo dog and hot beef sandwich with my bf. Price was cheap, portion was big, i was so full after this meal! I like the dog, it was juicy and yummy. The hot beef sandwich was good, but the bread got too soggy.....lots of beef - totally overloaded!Ahhh now i'm back in the bay....where to find yummy hot dog and hot beef sandwiches??This old fashioned, cafeteria style diner has a very unique atmosphere. Ordered the jumbo dog, which was very well balanced. The hot dog itself was nice and juicy, and the relish, onion, pickle, jalapeños, and tomatoes complement the hot dog very well. Portillo's was recommended to me by a waitress of another restaurant, and it was well worth the bus ride up here.Being a vegetarian, I have nothing to say about the hot dogs or any of the other meat products/by-products on the menu.  I'm here to sing the praises of an oft overlooked item on the menu:The Cake ShakeIt's almost impossible to put into words the gloriousness that is the Cake Shake.  Take a full slice of their gooey chocolate cake and blend it up with vanilla ice cream and milk and you get the idea of the science behind it, but that says nothing of the magic of the combination.  Just try it!  Unless you're a bad person, I know you'll love it.As you can see on my profile if I were on death row and asked what I wanted for my last meal it would definitely be Portillo's beef sandwich with hot peppers and a medium fry.There's just something about how the grease drips down your hand as you take the first bite or the burning sensation of the hot peppers in your mouth but it has got to be my all-time favorite food. Other than the beef sandwich, hot dogs, cheeseburger, broiled chicken sandwich, Portillos also has some awesome salads. My top pick is the chopped salad and the next would be the chicken caesar. The chocolate cake and strawberry shortcake are also a tasty treat. No doubt in my mind, Portillo's is a 5 star.  I'd give it 6 stars if I could!Just to prove my love for Portillo's further I will share a semi embarassing moment with you all.  If you've ever been to a Portillo's drive-through you'll know that you get your order ticket number slapped on your windshield.  It's their way of keeping all the hunger madness under some type of systematic control.  Anyway, I pulled up in my car all ready to place my order and the guy comes up and removes the previous ticket number from my *last visit* off my windshield, slapped on the new ticket number, and was like "Do you come here often?" Yes, what can I say.  I'm a true Portilllo's fan.When I moved to Chicago Portillo's quickly became one of my favorite restaurants to go to.  It isn't at all cheap compared to the other hot dog stands across Chicago-land but the hotdogs are beyond compare. I ate so much of them that I'm not really the hugest fan of them anymore but I do stop by from time to time to pick up a chocolate shake and a Maxwell St. Polish. Watch out for the drive through downtown, sometimes it can be so packed that it goes right into traffic! A lot of times they ask for your order before you get to see the menu but they carry paper menus on them so just ask for one of those if you are unsure.This place is not for the health-conscious.  But it has a really good italian beef sandwich.  If you can, just share with someone else!  For the average person, probably not possible to eat an entire sandwich on your own.  For the virgin-Portillo patron, be prepared for the guy at the order counter to look at you like you're an idiot when you are trying to figure out what/how to order your meal.  :)  I think that you can get whatever you want on your sandwich, but ask for it (i.e.  I want lettuce.  or I want onions.  or even I want mustard - the only thing we saw at the condiment bar was ketchup!).My friend and I will definitely be back to try their hot dogs.9/13/07  update:  We tried the hotdogs...  Ummm... Hate to break it to you guys, but nothing special there.  It was a hot dog, a good hot dog, but nothing special.   And the bun was soggy.  :(  Stick with the Italian beef sandwich!I don't hide the fact that I despise Portillo's and have done so for many years.  I remember when they had just a handful of locations and they actually piled the beef high on their beef sandwiches.   I remember a time when they actually produced a great beef.  I used to heart Portillo's. However, as time progressed and Portillo's grew I feel that the portion size and quality have been on the decline.   I feel like they have spent more money on throwback wall art and hanging vintage cars from their ceilings than maintaining the integrity of the product that the empire was built on.  All this "atmosphere" is completely lost on me. I really just want a big juicy meaty "Beef". That sounded a bit wrong, but it's true.  Having said all that, on Saturday night I decided to revisit my old flame Portillo's.On my way home Saturday night I pulled into the drive thru and placed my order.  I like the fact that you don't talk into a speakered sign, but instead your order is taken by an actual human being.  Well, he has a speaker connected to him, but at least you place your order face to face.  I ordered the Big Beef with natural gravy and sweet peppers, a Regular Fry, and a Large Root Beer no ice.  The minute I walked through my front door the bag was being torn opened and the beef taken out of its plastic sleeve.  The beef was of good size and well dressed with sweet peppers.  It was actually good!  As were the fries!  For all these years I have resented Portillo's for selling out, yet here I was eating a perfectly yummy beef that this "corporate monster sellout" produced.  Has my love affair with Portillo's been rekindled? No, but no longer do I despise my ex-beef.I used the drive through, but I think based on the above you know that I don't care for the dcor.   The service on this visit was excellent. The gentleman who took our order was friendly, funny, and attentive.  I asked for no ice and my drink had no ice. I asked for extra ketchup and I received extra ketchup. This might seem like a small thing, but in the world of fast shitty service it is a miracle.  I still prefer Carm's for my beef and O'Malley's for my dogs, but in a pinch Portillo's is definitely worth an occasional booty call.1 Beef1 Fry1 Root Beer--------------------------$10.00Wanna know WHAT CHICAGO TASTES LIKE?It's ALL about the "Beef Sandwich, WET, with Provolone cheese and Spicy (not too spicy, just right) Peppers. SOOO GOOD!!My husband got a burger and a dog, we had to come back the next night so he could, "Do his visit Over!"  We were on our way to Frontera Grill to write our name down for a 3 1/2 hour wait. LOL It worked out perfectly!I am in California and I think of this place maybe weekly! I am going to order to go! Since they can ship it to YOU!! Oh and I got Free Chocolate Cake!! The people are so nice and funny there too! LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!I already HEART Chicago for it's comedy, food, beautiful town and friendly people. Now that I have Portillo's on my radar, I will always stop here next time!The fabulous lunch adventures of Annie T. and Matt E. continued this week going with a Chicago favorite of Portillo's.  Annie T. and her knowledge of all things lunch thought it be the perfect place for a quick unhealthy bite. When we first arrived I was amazed by the decor and ambiance. What a well designed restaurant, the theme itself impressed me.When it came time to pick a line we put our blinders on and pretended the salad section didn't even exist. We were here for good ol greasy good, and lettuce wasn't going to cut it. We both got the Chicken Croissant breaded of course with some delish cheese fries.  Once we devoured this fried piece of heaven we decided we had a small amount of room for dessert. We went right back up for the chocolate cake shake. I don't even like chocolate and I couldn't stop slurping it up, ever taste better than the last.  Im from Michigan and miss the days of coney island. This place is the closest Ive come to it here in Chicago. The food is unhealthy but life is short, live a little and treat yourself once in awhile. Plus don't be a fool get the shake, there is no way that running for forty minutes to burn it off isn't worth every drop of it.  Stay tuned for the next adventure.Good God... I'm always prompted to write reviews because of all the idiotic reviews I see near the top of a restaurant's page. Completely disregard reviews from anyone that has vegan or vegetarian preferences. Portillo's, though they have a decent Oriental Chicken Salad (from what I remember), is for meat-eaters. Also disregard reviews from people (they'll go unnamed) that get sick at the sight of melted cheese. What... the heck... is wrong with these people??In my opinion, forget the dogs. When I think of Portillo's, when I walk into a Portillo's, my memory and my senses only allow me to get one thing, and that's the Italian beef sandwich. Wet, dry, hot or sweet, I mix it up. My mouth waters when I just THINK about an Italian beef sandwich. (It's doing so right now, I kid you not.) Fries are good, especially when fresh. With cheese, even better. Burgers are decent, they taste fresh. Chicken sandwich, not bad. The hot dogs? I've definitely had better. I never get dogs from Portillo's. I'll end with this... I'm born and raised Chicago, and I'm currently living abroad. Chicagoans seem like the only people that crave specific places and specific foods, from all the other Americans I encounter. I mean, we're the only ones that seem to talk about it all the time. Portillo's Italian beef is among the things that people talk about and crave for. I once packed one from a trip home and brought it to a very grateful friend who immediately inhaled it. Alls I'm sayin' is that it's something that people consistently talk about and crave from the Windy City and it definitely has a Pavlovian effect in that regard. So enjoy your Italian beef sandwich, enjoy your Chicago-only giardiniera, because there are many displaced Chicagoans who would kill for a bite.Stopped by for my very first Chicago style hot dog. The place itself is pretty big with plenty of seating. Service was fast and efficient.I got a Beef Hot Dog and Charred Hot Dog. As much as I love the concept of Chicago hot dogs (pickles and tomatoes on top? yum) the actual hot dog is solid but nothing life changing.A couple friends got the Italian Sausage sandwich and a Italian Beef and those sides were better. The Italian Sausage won in my book with the crusty bread and spicy link.I recently got to try their beef & cheddar crossiant sandwich.Fan-freakin-tastic!!Yeah, I could feel my arteries clogging up but so what?  Greasy yummy goodness.YES! YES! YES!I'd like to eat at Portillo's again!  I had the Italian beef with both sweet and hot peppers with cheese.  I didn't need to get it wet because it was already SO very wet.  And to think I was upset when I realized I hadn't ordered it like that.   I also had a bite of the Chicago style hot dog. mmm!tip: Grab lots of napkins.  You'll need them!Can someone please tell me what it is about Chicago beef? I mean, we have good cows in California (or should I say happy ones?)---Neiman Ranch comes to mind---and I definitely know where to get a good burger in SF, but every piece of red meat I've ever had in Chi-town has been absolutely incredible. Is it because Midwestern cows are corn fed or something? Anyway, Portillo's was probably the best burger I've ever had...and the onion rings and fries were certainly up to par as well. The inside of the place reminds me a lot of a Fudrucker's, but as far as fast/"family" dining goes, Portillo's is miles above that place.One of those places where you look on the map and say to yourself...well it's not that far.We walked from McCormick Place stopping by the Married With Children fountain and Millennium Park.After about a 6 or 7 mile hike wandering down Michigan Ave, we finally reached the promised land, the land of tubed meat.  I would forsake my god for another one of these dogs.  Luckily there are some down in SoCal now, so I will have to make my way down there."Number 36, come get your fix!" - That was music to my ears when I heard the very enthusiastic attendant chant out my number to come get my first Chicago dog of my trip, and it was worth the walk, the wait and the $8.66!  I had onion rings and a chocolate cake shake too.    I love a good hot diggety dog, but this might be my favorite of all time!  But being an unenlightened Angeleno, I almost ruined it with ketchup....but a kind Chicagoan  shared the wisdom, and I'm thankful for it, because it was perfect as is.  Thank you Yelpers for helping me discover the best dog in town!  I heart Portillos!So yes, if you cannot tell, I do love the unhealthy foods. We all know its not good for you but sometimes for the temporary feeling of happiness and fulfillment, its worth it.  Portillo's offers me such happiness with good food, huge portions and low prices. I like this Portillo's because there is also a Barnelli's attached.  If you are not familiar with Barnellis, well you need to give it a try!  Barnelli's offers sandwiches and pastas.  The sandwiches (I've only tried the paninis) are pretty good and remind me of Panera/Corner Bakery's paninins.  What I like most actually is the pasta. My favorite pasta is the chicken diavolo (faralle pasta in a spicy cream sauce with chicken and spinach - yum) and the bf's favorite is fettucini carbonara (carbonara pasta with fettucini noodles).  Both have a high yum factor and portions are pretty big - definitely have leftovers. And now after writing this, I am craving the diavolo pasta...From the portillo's side, I like the chicken pecan salad (i'm not a big salad person but this is really good! even the anti salad bf enjoys it!), breaded chicken croissant and their hot dogs.  The fries are unfortunately just ok; so you definitely need to get the cheese fries or its nothing special. And if you didn't know, you can get wine here.. huge glasses (let's say like a margarita size) for a few bucks.  I haven't tried the wine yet as I prefer to rinse down my meal with coke but I definitely see a lot of people taking advantage of the cheap wine with their meals. Since they raise the meters in downtown, I haven't been back to eat at this location much (parking makes the meal expensive, not the meal itself) but i've definitely used the pick up option.Beware the drive through line can be really long - I usually phone ahead and do inside pickup (pick-up is by the "bar") instead of going through the drive through and waiting.Wow.  Amazing Chicago fast food that will kill your arteries but you will seriously die happy.  Chili dog - ignore the orange grease that comes off on the paper wrapping and enjoy the fabulousness.Rack of ribs - sauce is a tongue-teasing fascinating combination of sweet and spicy.  Meat is nice and tender, falls off the ribs as it should.Italian beef sandwich - after I had a bite of my mom's, I had to go order one of these for my husband and I to share, to top off our chili dog and ribs.  Great, generous portion of beef, deliciously sour and spicy chilis and pickled carrots on top, just AMAZING.  We were THRILLED to find out Portillo's opened up a branch in Buena Park, CA so that we can go home and eat more of these heart-stoppers.Service is a bit rude and chaotic.  You place your order and then walk over to the area where you get yelled at if you take more than 3 seconds to respond to your number being called.  But it doesn't seem to phase the locals, so maybe that's just how it is.   The food is worth it.It is what it is and it's damn good.Awesome dogs, burgers, beefs, big FAT salads, cheese fries pasta with loads of cheese all awesome.I don't mean to be insensitive to the veggie's out there but what do you expect? the sign says BEEFS, this isn't the kinda place where even a salad is a healthy option it's a hot dog stand!They do what they do and they do it well and they do it FAST!I may regret my choices after lunch but I enjoyed it while it was going down!Shit Chicago wanna be food served by bitches coming to their second job after work at the DMV or Post Office.I like shit food, TWO STARS!!One thing i hear is a must in chicago aside from deep dip pizza is the chicago style hot dogs!  After doing some yelping i found Portillo's Hot Dogs :)This place is like a restaurant with many stations (food court style).  They have such a wide range of foods: pastas, sandwiches, burgers, salads and of course hot dogs!-I had to get the chicago style hot dog!  I don't think it's anything too special.  Pretty much a sesame bun, hot dog, onions, tomatoes and a pickle.  I could make this at home x)  You probably need to eat two because they aren't that big.-From Barnelli's (right next to portillo's) I tried the chicken panini.  The chicken was on the dried side but the pesto and toasted bread saved this.  The southwest bbq chicken salad was absolutely delicious!! I really like the tortilla chips on top of the salad to give it a nice crunch (kinda like adding croutons).  The corn, black beans, bbq chicken, tiny pieces of bacon, tomatoes topped with chipotle sauce = so good!I like the feel of this place because you pretty much order from whichever station and find a seat downstairs or upstairs!Enjoying a late night Italian beef and sausage sandwich and not even being drunk means this place is delic.  From the moment I entered, I noticed the fun and welcoming decor. Key positives about this place:The sandwich was ordered, made, and in my mouth within 5 min. The sandwich had a good ratio of beef, sausage, bread and sweet peppers, rather than cheap out and give me mostly bread.Hands down, best chocolate cake EVER. It was so freakin good, I almost don't care about the secret (gross) ingredient someone shared with me later (mayo).Basically...if you're in Chicago- GO.DELISH! I am a native St.Louisan but just recently moved to the chi.  I was instantly bombarded with the Portillo's word of mouth...and had to try it for myself.  All of my friends were NOT mistaken.I had the Italian beef with sweet peppers, SOOOOO GOOD! I loved everything second of the experience!! Great italian bread, loads of beef, and two huge pepper! YUMMY!No matter how many times I come back to Portillo's, I still want to call it Port"eeyos". I guess that's the California in me. But just as I can't seem to get the name right, I can't visit Chicago without coming here and ordering an Italian Beef sandwich. Specifically - The Big Beef with Mozzarella and Hot Peppers. I just had one yesterday for lunch before I left to come back home to Irvine, and I would eat one for dinner tonight if I could. I prefer the sandwich to Al's mainly because I prefer the spicier giardenaire at Portillo's. The crinkle cut fries are also good, but I prefer the skin-on and hand-cut variety. The fries are not bad, but they are the only reason I am giving Portillo's a 4, because the Italian Beef is a solid 5. The restaurant is massive and well laid out for large crowds. It allows the locals to get in and get out and the menu gawking tourists to not feel too rushed. If you are one of those tourists and have never been to Portillo's, walk up to the hot dog and beef sandwich counter (not the pasta and salad counter) remember these words and repeat after me..."Big Beef with Mozzarella and Hot Peppers". That might be the best seven word string you put together all day.While I bleed California, I think I'm partial to East Coast & Mid-west greasy eateries. Portillos def. falls in this bucket.Last time I was in Chicago visiting friends I made it a point of checking this place out (shoutout to Man vs. Food).  Lucky for me this place was 2 blocks away from my buddies apartment.  He was working odd hours at the time and bailed for the office on Sunday night. I, on the other hand, watched football all day on his couch and was shocked to see that the sun only makes an appearance for 5 hours of the day during Chicago winters.Determined, I made the walk in sub-zero temperatures to Portillos. Cabbies driving by looked on at me like I was crazy, but did I care? The answer is: kind of. In case you were wondering. I was thinkin to myself, "this better be worth it"Upon stepping into Portillos, I spent the first minute massaging my face to get the feeling back in my cheeks. Then I took a look around and saw men, women, and children of all shapes, sizes, races, and creeds stuffing their faces with italian beef sandwiches, hot dogs, cheese fries..and thought:I'm a long way from home!So I took my place in the queue. I ended up with an italian beef sandwich that had extra gravy or something, meaning they dipped the sandwich in that delicious italian beef juice stuff. Not au jus. Thats French, silly.I also got the ceremonial cheese fries.The sandwich was flavorful and the bread was spungy, holding the juice from the dipping but not falling apart from sogginess. The sweet and hot peppers were excellent fixings as well.After stuffing the last bite in my mouth, my mind was already sub-consciously back solving for how many hours I'd have to spend on the elliptical to mitigate the damage I just did. By the time I got back outside though, walking in the cold, all I could think was,"man this sucks. I should've eaten two."Love everything here. It is weird because the runny cheese they use for the cheese fries usually scares me but once it is mixed with their fries I love it. I also love the Cobb Salad, now I always want pasta in my salad. If I am not feeling well this is my go to place... Hot dog, cheese fries and chocolate shake.I know many people write off Portillo's as one of the great Chicago dogs because it's a chain, but if you do the same that would be a mistake. I haven't hit all the dog dives on my list yet, but so far, for my money, Portillo's reigns supreme.It's a place for friends, for family, for a night out, a first date, whatever situation you can come up with for eating out, this place was made for it. The lines are long but fast. Busy and exciting. Chatty and friendly. And all that comes before you even order.The dog itself tastes great. Thick. Hearty. Crispy. Juicy. Substantial. Full flavor. The bun held up. No mess. We've certainly had better and more interesting toppings, but these were solid. Pickles, mustard, onions, etc, maybe a bit too heavy on the onions for our taste but that might be our only real complaint.The fries were crinkle cut. And we are torn on crinkle cut. I hate them. My daughters don't mind so much. Now with that said, I have to say. These are the best crinkle cut fries I've ever had. Real talk.Chain or no chain these dogs are no joke.Came here for a late night snack before heading back to the hotel. Had the Maxwell Polish, cheese fries, Italian beef and sausage sandwich combo, and the Turtle sundae. The Polish was overcooked, fries were plain, and the sundae wasn't anything spectacular. However the beef and sausage combo sandwich was notable and is probably the only item I would recommend from the bunch.I think that I just don't like Italian beef sandwiches that much.  Why do they need to make the sandwich soggy?  I tried both the beef with the French roll and the beef with the croissant roll and they were both soggy - though the French bread did hold up a bit better than the croissant.The hot dog was normal too.Prices are cheap and the place is big.  I think that it's good if you're hungry and don't want to spend a lot.  Food is quite average-tasting though.I wish I wasn't thousands of miles away because you can't get Italian roast beef sandwiches like this in California.  I usually get them with sweet or hot peppers, depending on my mood, but it's all good.  They're not bad to go, but if you can, try to eat it in the restaurant to preserve the perfect au jus to bread ratio--i.e. they do it just right so the bread's not too soggy.Though Portillo's is known for their hot dogs, let me put it this way--I would do just about anything for one of their Italian beef sandwiches right now.  Unspeakable things.Highly efficient with taking and filling orders, cheap but good, and friendly service. Thank you, Portillo's, for making my trip that much more fun. The ordering process is slightly odd in that you can't order everything from one place: salads and pizzas are from one counter (Barnelli's), and hot dogs, ribs, and sandwiches from the other (Portillo's).If you're ordering hot dogs or sandwiches, speak with one of the Portillo's line staff for them to write your order down, which they hand off to one of the cashiers who asks you for more details and confirms your order. Once you pay, you are handed a receipt with your order number, with which you can exchange for your order further on down the line.On the other hand, the Barnelli's counter skips the line staff step, so you just place your order for salads or pizza from a cashier.My parents and I ordered just a few items to start with: a hot dog, an Italian beef sandwich, and a garden salad with honey Dijon dressing from Barnelli's. Needless to say, we went back to order another Italian beef sandwich to appreciate its thinly sliced, flavorful beef with hot peppers and pickled veggies.I suppose there are many fans of this place: even a bride and her wedding party arrived as we were finishing our meal.The verdict: Portillo's/Barnell's delivers on the cheap but good class of restaurants, but make sure you plan to do some walking after this meal.Hot Dogs & Beer.... HEAVEN!After much research I saw that everyone goes here. I had to check this place. I wasn't sure what I was expecting.  I thought it would be little spot with a take out counter. I was completely wrong. This place is HUGE! There is a lot on the menu, but I specifically came for the hot dogs. We decided to try 3 dogs. The Jumbo (classic), Jumbo Chili Cheese Dog and the Char Grilled Maxwell Street Style Polish.The Jumbo was good and very traditional. Mustard, relish, onions, a pickle and tomato slice and peppers. The dog was really juicy, but it didn't stand out like the rest of the places in Chicago. The Chili Cheese Dog was good, but I liked the Chili more than the dog itself. It overpowered it and all I tasted was Chili. The Maxwell Street Dog was tasty. Perfectly cooked and it has that snap when you bite into it. The onions and peppers went well with it.All this was washed down with Sam Adams. Gotta love the Hot Dogs & Beer combo! The decor is pretty cool. Classic America with all the sculptures and cars that hang from the ceiling. It's a bit touristy, but very welcoming. If it's a nice day you can always eat outside, but tables are limited there. I suggest eating upstairs away from the crowd downstairs.Solid!That's the only thing I can think of while munching on the dogs and the sandwiches.  Of course, coming to Chicago, I had to try a legit Chicago dog, along with an Italian beef sandwich with hot peppers.  The Chicago dog doesn't sound like anything special but all the ingredients work super well together!  The tomato adds tanginess and freshness, and the poppyseed bun is soft & fluffy!  The hot dog wasn't anything too crazy but a solid all-beef dog.The Italian beef sandwich is my favorite though!  The sandwich is wrapped by 3-4 wrappers and once you start to unwrap, you'll see why.  The sandwich is soaked with jus, and that's never a bad thing!  The beef is tender and even though it is soggy and messy, it's worth it.  The hot peppers added a good kick but definitely ask for more if you like it spicier.Of course, after eating all that, decided it wasn't enough and went back for a chili cheese hot dog.  The chili is with beans, which isn't my favorite but man it's still tasty though.  The cheese is typical shredded cheddar but not enough so I actually used some of the cheese sauce that came with the cheese fries that I ordered to make it cheesier.Speaking of the cheese fries, it's nothing special really.  Just your typical krinkle cut fries with a side of cheese sauce.  Onion ring is a solid choice for a side.Overall, I like the food and the fun decor here.  Feels... very Americana inside!  There's BBQ and a place for salad here as well, but c'monnnn you're at Portillo's!  Just found out there's one in LA as well so definitely will be dropping by soon!Portillo's has earned the privilege of must-visit places when visiting Chicago. Whether you come for their hot dogs, or Italian beef, it is sure to please. The decor of this location has tons of memorabilia from the 20's-30's. The ambiance alone is something to enjoy leading your eyes astray at all the interesting things hanging from the ceiling and walls.There are separate lines, one for the hot dogs and Italian beef, another for  Barnelli's Pasta Bowl (Italian food), and another for beer. Most of the crowds usually get on the line for the hot dogs and Italian beef sandwiches. If you've never been here, I recommend picking up a paper menu before getting on line because it's almost impossible to see the menu board when the line stretches all the way near the entrance.  And when lines do get long, a staff member walks down the line, takes your order and writes it on a white paper bag. You hand the paper bag to your cashier to speed up the ordering process. Changes can be made at the register, but make it quick. After you pay for your order, you proceed down to the Pick-Up window, and wait for your number to be called. After you are done ordering, find a seat and begin feasting on a very gratifying meal.The first thing you have to get here is Portillo's Beef Hot Dog ($2.45) with everything on it: mustard, relish, chopped onions, sliced tomatoes, a quarter-sliced kosher pickle, and sport peppers piled on top of a snappy hot dog, all squeezed inside a poppy see hot dog bun. All the ingredients are fresh and work so well together. I would have never figured a Chicago dog with so many toppings would be so good, but it definitely trumps some of the gourmet hot dog restaurants trying to one up you by selling hot dogs for $10.The second thing you must get is the Italian Beef Sandwich ($4.85), thrown on French bread. By default, gravy is poured in the sandwich, referred to as Extra Gravy style. You can also order it Dry, with very little gravy, or Dipped, which the whole sandwich is dipped in their gravy. The Italian beef is tender and flavorful, but the gravy really takes it over the top. It can get a little soggy, but believe me, you're going to love it. You can also opt to add hot or sweet peppers at an additional charge ($0.45 each), which takes an already fantastic sandwich to out of this world status. I prefer to add hot peppers which adds a little heat. It's a hearty sandwich sure to satisfy most appetites, especially if you're ordering it with a hot dog. But for those true die hard Italian beef fans, Portillo's also offers a Big Beef ($6.39), which is a larger-sized version of the sandwich.The Cheese Fries (Large for $1.99 with Cheese Sauce +$0.65) are another nice addition. Potatoey crinkle cut fries complimented with a small container of Velveeta-like cheese. Mmmm mmmm, so simple yet so delicious!But a meal wouldn't be complete without a drink. If you don't want to go for the heavier shakes, their schooners of beer are a fantastic option. There is a separate line for alcohol, located just to the left of the hot dog/Italian beef pick-up window. I like to guzzle my hot dog, Italian Beef Sandwich, and fries, with a Fat Tire (Large Schooner - $5.00), served in a heavy-duty goblet-styled glass.I can't wait to get my Portillo's fix again. Prices are very reasonable, portions are generous, and it makes for a great meal any time of the day. Mmm, my tastebuds are just salivating thinking of their hot dogs and Italian beef sandwiches. Nom nom nom!True to my word, I stopped by Portillo's again on my recent trip to Chicago. And, as before, it was as delicious as ever! We were there for a late night snack, and got an Italian Beef/Sausage combo sandwich, as well as a Chicago dog.  I actually ordered just the italian beef sandwich, but they accidentally gave me the one with a sausage... SURPRISE! Not that I was complaining, I was hungry as hell. Both the dog and the sandwich were overflowing with toppings and meat, and greasy as hell... perfect drunken food.If a Portillo's opened up near where I work, you'd probably find me there everyday for lunch. I'd also probably spend about 10 minutes every lunch break trying to decide what I wanted to eat that day... Suffice to say, if you're even remotely in the area, stop by and check this place out.Completely changed my hot dog expectations, I don't think I can ever go back to eating a simple hot dog. Walked into Portillo's and it was incredibly overwhelming. People yelling everywhere, about a hundred employees manning the grills behind the counter, clusters of patrons around the pick up counter, multiple stations for food. Ordered a Chicago style dog and a chocolate custard shake. Both were phenomenal! My favorite parts of the Chicago style dogs were the freshly sliced tomatoes and the tiny kickin pickled peppers. Bun was substantial enough to support the massive amount of ingredients. The chocolate shake was rich, creamy, chocolately, the perfect milk shake. Decadent without being too guilt inducing. I had every intention of getting a custard cone because it was so delicious but thought that I should save a little room for the rest of the day. Best part? Total for the meal was 6.50!! Unheard of in NYC, best value meal I've ever come across. Portillo's is a must for a visitor!$2.50 for a Chicago dog?! I'm in!Walk in to Portillo's and you'll be overwhelmed with the amount of non hot dog choices they offer and you might panic because you can't find the hot dog counter. BUT STAY FOCUSED! Chicago has too much good food to waste tummy space on pasta, salads, ribs and whatever mish-mash of offerings they have.The cashier will ask you what you want on your hot dog and you will tell her (or him) - EVERYTHING! I've never been too fond of hot dogs but I was SOLD with one bite! I love that the casing of the hot dog has a nice bite to it - something unique I haven't experienced in NY. The combo of tomato, pickle, celery, onions, relish, peppers, and mustard might seem excessive but it's the perfect combo of salty, sweet, and spicy.$2.50 well spent!**** But this hot dog is NOTHING compared to what Hot Doug's has to offer!I literally dreammmmmmmmmmmmmm of Portillo's.When I went to Chicago in 2007, I had a Chicago Dog at Portillo's and it was a dream come true.  I never wanted a hot dog the way I wanted me some Portillo's!When we decided to come visit Chicago, I knew I had to take Hubs and our friend to Portillo's.  It took a loooooooooong time for us to come, but we finally made it on our last day in Chi-town.  Unfortunately, I was STUFFED when I got here, so I couldn't eat anything... but Hubs and our friend had their first Chicago dog!  We ordered dogs and a chocolate cake shake... YUM!I'm glad I bought some to bring home with me :)There is a ton of hype about this spot, they didnt disappoint. All round they provided they best beef sandwich with their combination of peppers, bread, jus, and meat.Their chicago hotdog was very good, and the piles of toppings on top made it even better! I also got to try the italian beef and that was alright. Food was pretty cheap and delicious and love how they pile everything on top! I guess the only downside of having toppings piled is that the bun gets super soggy. Still, food is pretty good. Service is meh but the atmosphere was nice. Tons of places to sit and perfect for family.Commercial as it may be, Portillo's is THE essence of traditional, artery clogging Chicago style food. It's fast food, but it's better, and they serve beer. They serve b-e-e-r. So I can get a Maxwell Street polish, and a beer? Yes. Yessss.They've incorporated some kind of salad-type restaurant for the new era of healthy, organic consumers - which expands the number of people who will accompany you to such a place. The staff are fast, and usually you can catch a mini standup show from the Indian guy shouting out the order numbers. Portillo's has catering. It's cheap. Gods of the Franchise, please bless us with more of this divine pleasure.Despite the fact that the drive thru line frequently backs up onto Clark, Portillo's is a win-win in my book. Where else can you get a thoroughly satisfying hot dog, fries, and a coke without getting out of your car? It's delicious, it's fast, and it's cheap. I would stick to the drive thru, though, and skip going inside: it tends to be crowded and super dark, and you don't really need to sit down to order that kind of food.Portillo's dogs are like drugs that I can't resist. This comes from someone that generally avoids ground beef lips and pancreas shoved into a casing.  I was sooo sad when I moved from Chicago fifteen years ago - one reason  was missing my lunch treat of 2 chili dogs with cheese minus onions (I have to work..) and a large fry.  My heart however, thanked me for not trying to make it stop on a regular basis.My happiness?  I went to Chicago about 15 times last year for an assignment.  I HAD to stop and pick up Portillos each time I came.  I am now sad that assignment is over.  Again, my heart was happy and my liver joined in.  They made me put only 4 stars.  One star less for the future artery stent.I hear Portillo's ships!...uh oh...I have to go, my heart is threatening me with leaving...When you want fancy hot dogs, you go to Hot Doug's. When you're hankering for a classic Chicago-style dog, Portillo's is THE place to go. Dirt cheap prices, fast and friendly service, plenty of seats, and most importantly, a perfectly crafted hot dog. Get the jumbo. You will NOT regret it.I'm drooling as I type this. Why do I not live in Chicago!!Day 2 and just like I said yesterday "Amazing"! Service and food never slipped in level of service! OMG the burger is what? Amazing!Delish! Italian beef, juicy sweet, spicy on the side. Hot dog with everything on it. The two combined with a chocolate cake milkshake will leave anybody full and satisfied.Hubby and I enjoyed checking out Chicago in those Double Decker bus and our tour guide suggested to stop at Portillo's so we did.  I ordered the classic Chicago hot dog with mustard, relish, freshly chopped onions,  sliced red ripe tomatoes, kosher pickle, and sport peppers, Piled on to a steamed poppy seed bun.  Wait, most important think, do not ask for ketchup!  Actually they will not even serve it on your dog and to Chicagoans, its an insult.  I really enjoyed this and for $2.35 have not just one but 2...if your really hungry then 3 might just do it.  Another must to try is the Italian beef.  Hubby ordered this and it comes with Chicago's #1 Italian beef served on bake french bread $4.65.  Whats great is they give you Au jus sauce on the side and just delicious!  This place is such a steal and a must try when coming to Chicago!Best hotdogs in America- hands down! Also, amazing crinkle fries and chocolate cake shakes. Holy cow!Came here after taking a sunset architectural cruise on my trip to Chicago.The Service --- Not much in the way of service.  You order at the counter and pick up your food when they call your number.The Food ---They have beer which is awesome!  It's basically a food court and you order different things at different counters.  We got a chili cheese dog, Chicago style dog and the Italian beef sandwich.  The chili was just okay but the Chicago style dog and Italian beef were so good!  The italian beef was tender and juicy.  We also got cheese fries which were just fries with a side of nacho cheese.  Drool.  Now it may be because we were slightly drunk but the food was amazing.The Prices --- I honestly don't remember how much everything was.  I think 2 Sam Adams lagers were around $10 or so?Perfect place when you have a case of the drunchies.I have not yet come across a place with more reviews. We were visiting friends in Chicago and they brought us here for lunch. THANK GOODNESS! The Chicago Dog was out of this world! We bought the Vienna Dog, Sport Peppers and bun and brought them home in our suitcases to make them ourselves. I don't think Portillo's need much of a review, over a thousand reviews and 4-stars says enough! A+This place is definitely a fun food "attraction"!From the redbrick and neon light exterior, Portillo's looks like a sit-down eatery like a old-tyme themed throwback you might find in an amusement park.  Quite a different kind of spectacle in regards to the neighboring Rock-n-Roll McDonald's, Hard Rock Cafe, and Rain Forest Cafe.  But its when you step inside that the kitchy fun really begins...Inside you'll find a dimly lit dining room of 1930's era furnishings and three food booths; Portillo's Hot Dogs, Barnelli's (?) Pasta, and a Beer stand.We opted for Portillo's...At the counter (I believe they were "cash only"), there's a fair selection of artery-blocking choices to order.  You tell the cashier your order, she writes it directly on the paper bag as well as hollers it down the line... We got a Maxwell Street -a char-grilled Italian(?) sausage sandwich topped with grilled onions - and a Portillo Dog - the prototypical Chicago hot dog, poppy seed bun, pickle spear, mustard, tomato, sport peppers, etc..  Oh, and cheese fries.  The cashier yelled something along the lines of "oneMAXup,onePORTup, cheefry" to which someone back there echos "MAXdown, PORTdown, frycomin, cheehot"... our order was ready in about 3 minutes...The beer stand offered about four taps and about 4 bottled beers.  Small chilled glass goblets (about a can's worth?) of beer were $3...This isn't fine dining in the least.  And I'm sure that this is far from the best hotdog spot to experience the Chicago staple food.  But it is one of those "I've been there" kind of places... Go!  Have fun!Maybe it isnt the best hot dog in Chicago, I really dont know. What I do know is that is absolutely dominates any  dogs I have found in Boston,  San Francisco, LA or NY, and every time I come to Chicago I crush at least two a day.Great snap, better hot and sweets then most stands in the Chi, great poppy seed buns with the perfect meat/bun/topping ratio. Just what a Chicago style dog means to me.Lets put it this way: I go to Chicago twice a year at least. Each time I stay in River North, and always walk up to this Portillo's daily. When I get back to Boston, I always go to the market to buy all the fixins in order to make-them-yourself Chicago dogs, spend an arm and a leg, and never come close to the real deal.Fuck the dumb shit, Im booking a one way to O'Hare now, foregoing my career in publishing and settling down as a hot dog slinger at Portillo's.I'm conflicted.On one hand, the Italian Beef at Portillo's was dry and flavorless.On the other hand, the chocolate cake was om nom nom nom.OMG, I am a big meat person.  I love meat.  I love my vegetarian friends but I can't even comprehend that lifestyle for myself.  How I've lived the better part of 40 years on this earth and never had an 'Italian beef' sandwich (and I'm Italian) I have no idea.We hit this place on our way to the airport going home, for breakfast even - and this was no breakfast sandwich.  The grease coating the wax paper it was wrapped in signaled good things, and the second I opened the paper and caught a whiff of that sandwich I knew I was in love.Forget the hotdogs my friends, go with the beef all the way!  If I could figure out how to get this stuff in DC, I'd fund it myself!Chocolate cake shakes and goblets of beer? If that doesn't sound like a piece of heaven, then stop reading. Fortunately both of those things exist at Portillos and I got to experience them this weekend while in town.While I didn't try the hot dog or beef sandwich, my girlfriends did and were completely satisfied and happy with their choices. For me, my french fries were delightful - crinkle cut and salty.Yum! It would have been better if I could have found mustard to dip them in, but the only condiment I found was ketchup. My breaded chicken club was a fine sandwich and filled me up (the bacon could have been cooked a bit longer as it was too soft for my liking). The ordering system is brilliant because there are multiple counters, so if you want pasta, you go to one line; hot dogs another; beer another; etc. I'm sure this place gets crazy busy at times, so that ordering system would help with getting customers in and out.This place seems like an absolute must when in Chicago, so I will definitely be back on my next visit if for nothing else than the chocolate cake shake!Sorry folks, I was waiting the whole weekend for this hot dog and in the end, I wasn't too impressed by it.  Everyone has different taste buds and for mine, they were disappointed. There was no lines when I came here.  Prices were cheap.  Venue was cute.  Originally, when we walked towards Portillo's, it looked like a small joint, but when you enter, it seemed like a well decored cafeteria type of place.. You order at the front, and pick up on the side.  They have a station for frozen custard also!  I literally thought the frozen custard was better than my hot dog...THAT was surprising...Next time, I'll try out hot doug's to see if it is any better.. If only my trip wasn't cut short... damn you southwest!Ok, it was totally a tourist trap and, as it turned out, a huge chain. But what can I say, these were the best dogs of our trip! I was completely turned off as soon as I walked into this huge emporium with all sorts of souvenir merchandise hanging on it's walls. However, Any doubts I had instantly melted away on tasting a few of their plain dogs...just awesome.The poppyseed buns were perfectly steamed, sport peppers crisp and spicy, relish appropriately radioactive green, and juicy dogs with the perfect amount of seasoning and a winning snap. Yum, my mouth is watering as I think back.Is it wrong that I'm only a regular because of the chocolate cake shakes? I don't like hot dogs, but we came here twice in one weekend only to get chocolate cake shakes. Ok ok, maybe a friend got a hot dog. And maybe I got an order of fries at some point too. PS: A small size shake goes for $3 something, but it sure as hell doesn't look like a small. It's huge!What a crazy, fun place with very good hot dogs...and I'm not a big hot dog fan. I'd rather spend my calories elsewhere but  when in Chicago , do as the locals do. The classic dog is small with lots of toppings, pickles, gherkins, onions, tomato, very fresh and delicious but if you're super hungry, order the jumbo or order two. The fries were crinkle cut and crisp but I preferred the onion rings which were large and crispy and tasty. They serve all kinds of food at Portilos, sandwiches, pasta, salads, soft serve custard and desserts. The Turtle Sundae was divine, though I was intrigued by the Cashew Caramel Sundae, and supposedly the chocolate cake is not to miss. They also had Tiramisu and Strawberry Shortcake...so many calories, so little time!It was a zoo on a Saturday afternoon, but supposedly it's pretty busy there all the time. The system is fairly efficient of ordering at one window, and picking up at another where the servers are cute and clever about calling out your number. 103, come see me, 92, it's just for you, 58, will no longer wait,....then when you come pick it up, they call you sweety  or sugar or honey....cracks me up.When in Chicago....don't miss it , sugar! ;)This is a great option for you fix for Italian Beef and sausage in Milwaukee.  The menu has lots of options and it is all made to order.  I wouldn't call the prices cheap, but you get what you pay for.  If you are looking for the dollar menu, check another place down the street.  We typically get food for a family of three for under 20.OK I am Biased   I freaking Love this Place and since I usually stay at the Ohio house which is like across the street I am here every day when in townif its a quick in and out its usually 2 Chicago dogs and a coke if I have more time and gonna sit and enjoy my food then its eather a big beef or a Italian Combo Hot Extra Wet   and fries with a root beer man I love the People who work here also they make the place what it is hats off to management for some damn good trainingWhile Chicago pizza disappointed me, I was much happier with the dogs.  I had the basic dog with everything.  Hot peppers!  Pickles!  Fresh tomatoes!  Good?  Good.  In a hot dog?  Gooooooood.  The fries were crispy-crispy!  Yum.  I also snuck a bite of the grilled Polish dog and it was nice and fatty and as full of mystery meats as I expected.And this place is a chain!  I wish there were one in NYC...Not sure why, but we had to stop by.HOT DOGWith everything includes: mustard, relish, freshly chopped onions, sliced red ripetomatoes, kosher pickle and sport peppers piled onto a perfectly steamed poppyseed bun. - This was probably the better tasting out of the 3.CHILI CHEESE DOG Served with onions.- this wasn't bad, but wasn't the best. Char-Grilled Maxwell Street Style Polish -Grilled in the traditional way it was done on historic Maxwell Street and prepared with mustard and grilled onions.- it was too grilled tasting to me, wasn't anything special.Crinkle cut fries were decent. Overall, madness lines, but quick. Food was decent to at least try!Who new hot dogs could be so good? It was relatively fast to get my food, there were plenty of places to sit even though the place was pretty full. The hot dogs and cheese fries were very delicious. I wish we had one in Texas as I am craving some right now!I prefer the Barnelli's side, but the burgers are delicious. I came here almost religiously my freshman year of college. Seriously, I came here at least once a week. The food never disappoints me and I love the chocolate cake and milkshakes. Service can take a while if you go during peak times (evening rush hour comes immediately to mind) or if a tour bus crowd unloads hungry pre-teens or old timers. The best thing is that I don't feel like a total loser if I go here on my own and eat alone. I love the seating along the walls that allows for an individual to eat in peace, alone (whereas at other places I feel like an ass taking up a table).Watch out for their spicy dishes, they are actually quite spicy. Not recommended for those that can't take the heat!Writing this review made me crave Portillo's...I'm a typical NY-er.  I like my hot dogs plain (maybe with a little ketchup).  Chicago hot dogs normally have a lot of stuff in with the hot dog, which I happily opted out of.The hot dog was freshly cooked, and not plucked out of some dirty water at the side of the road.  2 thumbs up!Get the Italian Beef Sandwich. It will blow your freakin mind. My fingers are shaking from withdrawal while writing this review. "GET. IN. MA. BELLY" - Fat BastardI got a pretty big Blue Moon for like $3 here one evening. Seemed like a steal to me, I was expecting to pay at least $5-6. I also recommend the fries as they are quite tasty. Grease and booze, what's not to like.My last meal. Portillo Chese Fries with pepper and salt. Double Thick Cake Shake Anytime I go to Portillos, I wear my man-pregnancy outfit. 1. Adidas Slides2. Stretchy Mom Jeans 3. Sweat shirt.The stretchy mom jeans help me to pack away more food.The hot dogs are great, but the Italian Beefs are the best anywhere.  I've tried a number of other places, but always come back to Portillo's for the Beef.  Big Beef, dipped, with hot peppers.  Never disappoints!  Literally our first stop every time we come home to Chicago.  The one thing that's amazing about this location is the way they can handle huge numbers of people - its a lesson in efficiency, inside and in the drive thru.  Did I mention that I also order their Italian Beef to be delivered to Colorado?  Mmmm.The "meatless options" is a derivative of Catholic Lenten Fridays when it's traditional to eat fish.  Undoubtedly will disappoint vegans, but then again this place is known for it's cheesy beef and hot dogs???Chain?  Yes.  But its parking lot hutched shack beginnings in Villa Park are older, scrubbier, and darker than your elite "hole in the wall" city hot dog stands ever were (maybe only second to the Brown's Chicken that used to be in the same parking lot).  Viva Portillo's!  Viva Grease and Cheese!   Viva the Chicago waistline!Portillo's is a Chicago staple. If you don't like Portillo's, I might fight you. This review is going to be quick and easy. The cheese fries are spectacular in their simplicity. Portillo's takes a good, thicker, crinkle-cut french fry and fries it golden brown. You get the crunchy bits as well as those grease-soaked, squishy ones. If you ask me, variety is key in any good batch of fries, let alone the cheesy kind!If you let go of the fact that I am this passionate about cheese fries, you will see there really are quite the nuances and differences in orders. At Portillo's your fries will come in a red and white striped container, hot and ready for cheese. I've never received the cheese on the fries, only on the side in a small plastic container with a top. The cheese is the best in the business. Mild, with a subtle cheddar kick, smooth and thick. I would write song lyrics about it if I could. Together, they are heaven in a thin cardboard box. Order yourself a large.Fries, 4. Cheese 5. Total 4.5 (I'll give them a 5 because Yelp doesn't do 1/2 stars.)I love this Portillo's specifically. I used to walk here for lunch from a place I interned and gossip over burgers, roast beef sandwiches, salads or pasta with my fellow intern (John, if you read this, we need to go back and reminisce) Always crowded at lunch time but the line goes quickly, the service is on top of it and there is plenty of seating. And, this one does have a Barnelli's for a bit more menu variety. Go with the Italian beef sandwich though, you won't regret it. It's tender, juicy and delightful. Oh, and don't skip the fries!I have no qualms that this place is a chain  and yes, I've been to other locations but ah yes, this one is definitely doing it for me.The first thing i've tried is the Portillo's famous italian beef, which was drenched in oily delicious mysterious gravy! RULES:1. Never ask what the gravy is made of2. Ask for gravy on the side! (unless you like it messy)3. Super moist so don't take out the jalapeno peppers! or it won't taste as forgiving.5 stars because... I finished the entire thing and wanted more.So the other day my family had a party at the Kerryman.  All you can drink for three hours.  Well, one hour into this I realized I had only had a bowl of cereal to eat that day and was already kinda drunk.  So what did I do?  I went across the street to Portillo's and got an Italian Beef and a chilidog.  And then I went back to drinking.The best part was every time I burped from that point on, I could taste the chilidog.  mmmmmmm.Okay, I can't complain about this place. Portillo's is an old favorite. I've been to three other locations and they're all pretty much the same feel. There's not too much more at this one. It may feel like it's more "Chicago" because it's in downtown Chicago. There's a few more genuine pieces of Chicago memorabilia on the walls too (including the old Blackhawks banner from the now destroyed Chicago Stadium).Lots of people there of course, but we still got our food within five minutes. The food: Can't complain. So good. Both me and my friend went for a chocolate cake shake but we were so full that neither of us could stomach any more food. On top of everything else, Santa Claus himself came to visit on our trip we took on Saturday afternoon. He could've been anywhere, but he decided to visit Portillo's on Ontario. Frickin' Santa Claus.So I am obsessed with hot dogs. I like plan old normal hot dogs- only ketchup. I don't care for the fancy meats or toppings. I LOVE portillos. A hot dog and some cheese fries and I'm set. I am not writing a review of them because of my love of their food (although they have the best chocolate cake and often cater work events for me- yum). NO- I am writing because they have made the drive through a fine art. There are several people out there no matter what the weather, doing orders through headsets so that by the time you get through the two lane wrap around drive, you don't feel like you waited more than a moment between paying and getting your food. Very rarely have I ever had to actually approach the window. If you are lame like me and pay with a card at a drive through, they will get you in and out in no time with that as well. BEST system ever!Now I just wish they'd deliver....4 stars! I would be 5 but the drive thru is a mess! If you ever come to chicago, this is the place to go. Now, if I was you, i would go and click the "useful" review button quite yet. As most of my other reviews state, I'm a vegetarian. So how can I tell you how good the dogs and burgers are? All I can say is that the Veggie Croissant sandwhich is to DIE for. One of, if not THEE best veggie sandwiches around. the fries are good, nothing special but tasty.the drive thru...dont even bother. they have 2 "lanes" if you will that merge into one. oh, and if you dont know the menu, dont go to the drive thru. they take your order WAYYYYYY before you can even see the menu board. tough shiiiit. I never had a problem with the workers. The inside workers are MUCH nicer than the ones in the drive thru. Not suprised, id be pissed if I had to stand outside in Chicago's winter weather, while taking peoples orders in a nice hot car. Dont even TRY to find parking. you will fail miserably. trust me. so i guess in the end, dont drive folks. walk, bus, train, cab if you must. but you have to find your way to portillos.actually i think i will go there tonight.The garbage dog A.K.A the garden dog. I've been eating these forever it seems like. The Portillo's variation has all the components for what is termed the "Chicago Hot Dog". I have seen some other variations that have cucumber and I've heard some places have pickled tomatoes. I'm glad that they have kept all the ingredients intact and you really have to give them credit. It would be easy to drop the pickle or the tomato as you really could seem them watching the bottom line as big companies do these days. However, you will see it in the price over other hot dog joints in the city. The french fries are really about as good as you're going to get in Chicago. The cheese makes them even better. The Beef (dipped) sandwich is the best in the city for my dollar. The cheesy beef on a croissant is unbelievable. Event the burger ranks among the best in the city. The chicken sandwich is solid if you're keeping it light and my wife loves the tuna sandwich. Throughout the years they've added some items that have really impressed. The chocolate cake is really damn good. Off the menu (I think it still is anyway)- Order the cake shake. It's about a thousand calories of heaven on earth. All in all you're not going to go wrong with anything on the menu. Up and down it really has quality food. It's my second favorite hot dog in the world (Gene and Jude's) Noted again; The price is going to be higher, especially at this location given its proximity to all the near north excitement. My brother is even blessed with a location on the left coast. The inside of the locations are always very clean and have a fun throw back style.Chocolate. Cake. Shake.  Nuff' said.....but I'll elaborate anyway :)We had a Maxwell Street Polish, Portillio Dog,  Italian Beef and cheese fries.  I was a little bummed when it was just warmed up Cheese Whiz, but it was still good ;)  I'm glad I got the Maxwell because I think that was the best ;). My first bite of the beef was good, but my second dipped in cheese was even better.  I honestly don't get the Chicago style dog, but oh well...I don't live her so it's no biggie ;)Will for sure be back next time I'm in town for another Maxwell, cheese fries and that awesome Chocolate Cake Shake!!!This was by far my favorite meal in Chicago.  I enjoy a good hot dog in Connecticut, but it usually only has onions/mustard or chili/cheese.  The Chicago style hot dog with everything on it at Portillo's...blew..my..mind.  Something about the steamed poppy seed bun and all those delicious toppings.  The cold salty pickle and tomato worked so well with the hot...dog.   Pretty sure I could have eaten 6 of them.  Will DEFINITELY be back and I want to try their chili cheese dog and cheese fries.Awesome!!!!!  Best fast food in Chicago!A Chicago staple, historic landmark, must visit for all tourists.  What In-And-Out is to California, Portillos is to Chicago.One thing I cannot find in New York is an Italian beef sandwich.  Nowhere.  It amazes me, with the enormity of food choices in New York, I cannot find an Italian beef anywhere.  Virtually every hold-in-the-wall fast food joint in the Chicagoland area sells italian beef sandwiches, and yet no one in New York has even heard of it.  Portillos is one of the best and most consistent.  Sometimes I get them to ship some to me.  Most of their food is tasty.  They have good burgers and hot dogs and lots of other variety.  Go get an Italian beef.  Get it dunked.  Get it with hot peppers.  Get it now.  Get me one too.I'm sold. This is the first place I tried when I went to visit Chicago. As a Californian set in the ways of the traditional ketchup-and-hot dog, I can honestly say I can't go back to that simplicity. This is the way to have a hot dog, and no other! Not to mention the Chicago way is much healthier...And I think I'll be slapped for this, but I'm going to say it anyway. I think Portillo's original jumbo hot dog is better than Hot Doug's. There, I said it! Sure, they won't offer the wild game, but damn, that original dog sure packs a punch of pure excellence.This is a great spot for lunch and its just around the corner from my office on West Huron. Great Italian beef , chicken Caesar pita, hot dog, and a plethora of other options. It will be slammin' for lunch but they turn out food super quick and the price is right.You can't go wrong...fast and friendly service, great food, and a clean environment.I can't believe I haven't reviewed Portillo's yet!The Italian beefThe chocolate cakeThe chocolate shake, at leastLet me just say, I hate coming to this part of town unless I absolutely have to. I hate eating downtown. The waits are long, there's too many tourists, etc etc. But every now and then I just get this craving... then you just have to. The service line is super fast. Whatever system they got going back there, every food service/business would do well to take note.So worth the trip downtown, fighting tourists and traffic.You can never go wrong here.  Never.The atmosphere is great.  The place is always packed.  They run two drive through lines that at times stretches onto the street around the corner in front of the Chinese embassy.  It is obvious that they have a great reputation.Everything I have had here has been excellent.  I mainly stick to the italian beefs or Chicago hot dogs.  Today I did the dogs.  Excellent as usual.You want some real Chicago style food?  Come here.Pretty gooooood hot dogs! Very moist and juicy! (probably very fatty too!)We had hot dog for breakfast!  If you're in Chicago as a tourist, you must fit pizza and hot dog into your itinerary. We were able to fit this restaurant on our last day of our trip.Can't go wrong with a Portillos Hot Dog! It's the perfect fast food fix for those late night fatty cravings (the drive in can get kinda crazy but the staff here is on top of it & they keep the traffic moving) or if you're looking for a quick spot to take an out of towner for a Chicago dog.Also definitely reccomend saving room for a chocolate cake shake or the frozen custard. The custard is so creamy...if you're really in the fatty mood try the chocolate cake a la mode with custard, it's bomb.comHot dog might be in the name, but get the Italian beef - wet with hot of course. The only way to eat a beef! For those of you who may not know that means dipped in au jus with hot peppers on top. Lean your head far over the counter and devour! I know there's a debate "who has the best Italian beef in Chicago?" but for the quality, price, and location while in downtown Chicago Portillo's can't be beat! During my last trip I was there for four days and had 5 beefs. [Ashamed, but couldn't resist.] Good thing it's a walking city - it counter balanced all those extra calories. Ha!Crazy busy for lunch. Expect crowds and waiting. However, they do streamline the process quite well and appear to be very good at it. I was sure our order was going to be screwed up, but it was spot on. Ordered the Chicago Dog and fries. very good. trying to find a table was very hard though. VERY POPULAR place. My first Chicago dog so I can't compare it. Very good though. Simply because of the crowds, I would not come back her again.Checked out Portillo's during our recent adventure to Chicago.  Walking in, it felt like a food court so we really weren't sure were to line up first, ahh...the one with the longest line, THAT has to be the one!Plain and simple, we were there to try their Chicago dog, which was well prepared.  I like how the dog had that crisp "snap" when you bit into it.  I could've easily eaten two but wanted to save my appetite for dessert, which I got back in a different line for and had the Tiramisu.  The Tiramisu was good, not great but it satisfied my fix.Definitely worth checking out while in Chicago, just be patient and endure the long lines.Being in Chicago...you're expected to get a hot dog, which we did at Portillo's. When we were searching for a place to go...I came onto Yelp to find that not only did they have 4 stars, BUT they had over 800 reviews. C'MON...that's impressive!The restaurant is huge...lots of inside seating (up and downstairs), but also on the patio, where we went. The food is split into a few areas. One being their hot dogs and hamburgers, on being for pasta dishes and large chopped salads and the other for sweets, like shakes, etc. While standing in line...one of their many friendly servers approaches you and asks what you will be having. We went with hot dogs...so she took our orders, wrote them down on sandwich bags and we were on our way to the cashier, who was just as friendly as the server. Less than 5 minutes after we ordered...we had our glorious food and were experiencing our first Chicago hot dog. We also ordered a side of fries and onion rings, which were also delicious. Note...we had people in our party who went with Italian sausage, one with a hamburger and one with chicken...everyone was very happy with what they ordered. Overall...every time I'm in Chicago...I will eat, at least, one meal here. You should too!I didn't eat here because I was a tourist.  I ate here because a) It was close to our hotel and b) I was trying to get The Celery Salt Foursquare Badge.Again, we didn't have to wait at all and it was a hopping Saturday night.  My boyfriend and I both ordered the Chicago Dogs.  This was only my 2nd time eating a Chicago Dog and I thought it was pretty damn delicious.  I am normally a "ketchup only on the hotdog" kind of girl but I wanted to try a real Chicago Dog in Chicago, and I am glad I did.  It opened my horizons.  The service here was friendly and fast.  I recommend it if you're in this area of town!The legendary Chicago Style Hot Dog consists of a poppy bun, relish, a pickle stick and some peppers....excuse my ignorance when I tell you I cannot eat peppers nor pickles...thus 1/2 of my Chicago Hot Dog experience is gone just like that however, Portillo hits the spot for sure.  It could have been that we were just so hungover from last night.  The place is very cheerful to the eye, especially the clothesline where a pair of long johns were clipped.  I wanted to steal 'em.  Very very cheap...good hot dogs...and a very funny woman who called out the numbers.  The french fries are a tad bit try and are reminiscent of cafeteria food, however I am not complaining.  That is the charm of Portillo's.  3 cheers..hiphiphorrayYou know you love it.  You know you have to have it.  The only question is whether you want to drive over and wait in line.  Portillo's is pretty much the only drive through in the downtown and near north area, McDonald's across the street notwithstanding.  The problem is that you're going to find a drive through line that usually snakes out onto Clark Street, so it's going to be a wait time to the extent of a Steak 'n Shake (legendarily long drive through) or even longer.  But the porters here do a bang up job.  One will take your order, the next will take your money and the next will give you your food.  It's efficient but not exactly timely.  But it's the only drive through around with decent food, so you take the pain.  The lines are long for a good reason.I only usually get the burgers here.  Someone once told me they put crack in them.  I don't know about that, but they are very addictive.  They have a good char taste with a kick.  Everyone else raves about the dogs and beef here, but I'll always stick by my old stand by.  One thing I've noticed about the food is that the fries aren't very good.  They're the crinkle type, and they almost always are limp.  We're talking limper than Five Guys' fries but not as soggy.  Either go for the onion rings, which are good but skimpy as far as volume, or drive straight ahead after getting your order to get your fries at the Mac.  To wrap up, Portillo's is the best drive through in the loop and near north area and is one of the best fast food burgers out there.LOVE THIS PLACE!I was looking for some quality Chicago hot dogs when I came to visit from Boston.  This place  fit the bill. The restaurant itself is awesome. Very upscale and fun for a fast food place.  Had indoor and outdoor seating (plenty of it at that), and the decor was very funky and old school style.  The kitchen is set off from the restaurant by large windows so you can actually see them cooking right in front of you- A+. I ordered the classic hot dog and was not disappointed. It came loaded with onions, mustard, relish, a pickle, tomatoes, and sweet peppers- essentially, heaven on a bun. The hot dog  was juicy and delicious, and the toppings just made it 10X better. I can't forget to mention the cheese fries as well.... yum.I can't wait to come back during my next Chicago trip!Yes, I'm another tourist that visited Portillo's. Before we left for Chicago, I did some homework on where we should eat and Portillo's was not on my list. We were starving after getting off of the boat tour so I used the Yelp app and found they were fairly close. I am very happy we found them. We ordered a hot dog and an Italian Beef sandwich (which was dipped) along with a side of fries and onion rings. The hot dog bun was fantastic and the hot dog had a nice snap to it when you bit into it. The Italian beef could have used something (and I think we simply ordered it wrong) but ours had bread and meat, that is it. I would have liked some onions or peppers. We were really happy with our food choices and would go back if we were in the area!What can I say about Portillo's...I just love this place, LOVE this place.  I could eat lunch and dinner here all week long during my time in Chicago.  Of course the must have is the jumbo hot dog (Chicago Style) and the dipped Italian beef sandwich.  Also had the chicken sandwich and the pasta which was awesome as well.  My wife had a couple of the salads and the chocolate cake which she loved as well.  I don't think you can go wrong with anything here.  The employees here are all great, very friendly and helpful when your looking at the menu trying to decide on what you want.  The lines do get long but they move very quickly, just wish it was faster when you are waiting for your food but not really an issue.  You forget everything when you sit down to eat.  I will be coming here again when I visit Chicago and it may just be my first stop when I get into town.  In the meantime I will be ordering some stuff online just to relive my experience.  Did I mention that I love this place?I don't get what the hype is about Portillo's. It reminds me of a cafeteria. There are separate lines for different menu items, so if you want ribs or salad with your hot dog, you have to get in a different line. Not very efficient.Tried the hot dog with grilled onions.. not impressed. Also tried the ribs, which were smothered with BBQ sauce. The meat was good, but I didn't like the sauce.Love, Luv, LOVED Portillo's!It was weird at first bc they have different lines for different foods... a line for hotdogs, one for pastas, one for beer/dessert... once you figure it out, its fine. I loved the sort of ecclectic italian decor, very cute. The Italian beef was good, but I am a sucker for Polish dogs and theirs were off da chizain :-)Portillo's gets 5 stars if only for the chocolate cake shake.  It used to be on the menu at the River North location, then it was off.  If you ask very nicely, though (and I always do) they'll put one together for you.It's pretty self-explanatory: take a piece of chocolate cake, mix it up with chocolate shake, suck it through a straw.  It's a little shocking at first, but then you totally get into it.  Why hasn't this caught on anywhere else?  Why did they take it off the menu?  When will I get another one?  It's been such a long time....I'm handing in my Portillos v-card.  Stopped in for a little pre-rehearsal dinner.  For being "fast food", it wasn't particularly fast, but that's because my grilled chicken ceasar pita and fries were made to order.  Probably also because the employees seemed to enjoy standing being the counter, chatting among themselves...but I wasn't in a hurry, so it didn't bother me much.The dining area is pleasant, and it wasn't busy.  The other patrons were a mix of ethnicities and ages, families with children, young professionals, a crochety old man who went up to the counter to demand something at least 5 times while I waited for my food(crackers, salad dressing, etc).  The staff did not seem disturbed by his antics--perhaps he is a regular?  Or perhaps it's just ambivalence?Good food, and plenty of it, with drink, for about $9.When I go to Chicago, Portillo's is always at the top of my list to visit.You have to get the Chicago Dog w/ extra peppers and the Italian Beef sandwich (make sure it's dipped) and some crinkle fries. There is nothing better than crinkle fries!The place is always packed, but the lines move fast and you don't have to wait that long for you food.Very disappointed that this location gives plain bread in place of the lemon poppyseed muffin with their salads. Definitely a game changer. will not be coming back to this location if I plan to get a salad. The muffin is one of the best parts. Other than that the food is fantastic.If you aren't nearby Kuma's or don't have the time, this is the best place to get a burger. It's fast food, not a chain and much better than you'd expect. It offers the typical fast food fare- burgers, fries, shakes, chicken, etc, as well as pizza and other foods you will wait a bit longer for. I'd go there for lunch if I'm down in the Loop at the time. It's always packed and for some reason I always see a table full of Chicago Police. I once heard if you want to find a good restaurant, go where the police are eating.If you're lucky you can be there when they get the rhymer handing out food orders....twenty eight...don't be late...twenty eight......thirty five...don't take a dive...thirty five......forty one...hamburger and a bun...forty one...Oh my! This was the second highlight of my trip to Chicago.  I am from Kansas... Beef country.  Dog's are available but nothing like this.We saw Portillo's on our first day in the city.  However, judging from the exterior, I was expecting a full fledged sit down and be waited on restaurant with pricey Entree's.  I was wrong.Once you walk in, it is a giant fast food place.  Numerous different registers with a huge selection of items to choose from.  I of course wanted to try a Chicago Dog & Italian Beef.First off it is amazing how they operate.  They print out the receipt from your order, write something on it and it somehow gets to the kitchen who prepare it at breakneck speeds.  It is amazing to watch the kitchen staff accurately prepare your order.The meal.  Hot Dog was to die for.  Tender, but yet firm to bite into.  Prepared Chicago style it was the best Dog I have had in a long time.Italian Beef was good.  However, I was not as impressed by it as I was the Dog.  I am sure it was excellent, but the sandwich itself is not much for me, no matter where I get it.I did some research on Yelp before coming up here.  I read that I needed to get the Chocolate Cake.  What is a few more hundred Calories????  It was excellent.  My mom used to make a home made chocolate cake this good.I highly recommend it.  If you have kids they might enjoy the bustle of this place.  If I am in Chicago, I will go back.I had their Chicago Dog on my last day in Chicago.  It was cheap and probably one of the best Chicago Dogs I had on my trip.  The staff was fun and friendly.  Great atmosphere.  Back to the dog, I had just scarfed down a Malnati's pizza and spotted Portillos.  I was already stuffed and this Dog was a chaser to my lunch.  It left me wanting more.  Make sure you get your Portillo's paper hat.Eh. I ordered the regular hot dog and it tasted good but in all honestly, it tasted like a hot dog I can get at a AM/PM and add peppers. I know it's a "sin" to add ketchup on your Chicago dog, but I just HAD to. I would come back; price was cheap and food was on point.I work near-by, and sometimes it is a Portillos night.  Whether it is due to a long day, totally empty stomach, or just to get away and stuff my face Portillo's does me right.  It is all about the cheeseburger... and... if you are daring... cheese fries.Everything is great here: hot dogs, beefs, chopped salad. They pump people through the line efficiently, so a half hour lunch break is not out of the question. All of this having been said, if you want a true Chicago experience, go to Al's Italian Beef just up the road (across from Ed Debevics). Or, if you're willing to travel, check out their original location on Taylor Street near UIC. yummmmmmmmmmmPortillo's is awesome, but it could be a little cheaper. My favorite items are the burger from Portillo's and the Penne Al Arrabbiata from Barnelli's. The chopped salad also holds its own.The burger is large and greasy with plenty of toppings. It has a softer taste (what?) and the mayonnaise and onions always stand out to me.The Penne Al Arrabbiata is one a kind with large sausage chunks and a semi-spicy marinara sauce. They give you plenty of sauce and top it all of with some parmesan cheese. The milkshakes are another great item from Portillo's. Its best to pair the milkshakes with the a chopped salad so you don't clog too many arteries.Portillo's should rebrand their slogan to - Portillo's: It's what being American means. (Italian-American from Chicago)As my boyfriend and I slobbered our way to the pearly gates all I could think about was, what's an Italian beef?  Please god, don't make it be really dirty and nasty and make me question my values.  NO!  Italian Beef will make you question why you didn't walk faster, or even why you didn't book your flight a few days earlier OR why your mom didn't feed you this when you were first born. If Chicago can be described as a food it would be Italian Beef with a side of Sweet Peppers with French Fries and Cheese Sauce.  It'll make you drop any insecurity you have about what you may look like when you're eating it or how you may feel about yourself.  Because for the moments that you are keeping the drippings on the wax paper or making sure it all got it your mouth - you don't care.  There is even a stance a type of position that is suggested for when you eat this.  It looks like something Fred Flintstone would do - leaning about two feet toward a counter top with your feet shoulder width apart.  Then chow.  I put a napkin as a bib - Like I said no Shame, and you do this around other people.  Executives in $4,000 suits, school kids, cops, the guy that was just outside asking everyone for money JUST TO EAT THE ITALIAN BEEF from Portillo's.  Can't say I judged him.Mmmmm beef. Better yet, beef covered in mozzarella and sweet and hot peppers. All held together (barely!) by a french roll softened by a hearty pour of au jus. Oh em gee, I want one NOW.Portillos is hands down the best place in Chicago to get a beef sandwich. They also have delicious crinkly fries, hot dogs, and chocolate cake. Ever since I was young, my parents would allow us to choose a restaurant for our birthday meal. My siblings have chosen places like Weber Grill, Ruth's Chris and the like. I choose Portillos. EVERY YEAR. Its just that good. When I lived in another state, my mother mailed me food from their catering department. Best birthday gift ever.If you don't eat meat, they also have a great selection of salads and pastas on the Barnelli's side. The chopped salad is especially good.My one piece of advice: do NOT come here on the weekend. Unless you like almost getting run over by rampant drive thru cars, waiting in huge lines, and walking around endlessly to find a clean and empty table.Chicago area institution.I came to try Portillo's hot dogs because a co-worker recommended it to me. It also has the highest number of reviews on yelp.I enjoyed the interior decoration and the spaciousness of the restaurant. There were figurines, staged laundry hanging and an "outdoor feel" indoors. I ordered the Portillo's hot dog which is a standard sized hot dog but the difference is that the sausage is soft (kind of like Vienna sausages) and it comes with tomato, pickle, and peppers. The bun also has black sesame seeds on it. The hot dog was scrumptious and soft (easy to eat!) and was under $3. I also tried the vanilla milk shake which was also under $3 and tasted like any other standard vanilla milk shake.I liked how the workers called out the numbers to pick up food:"number 23 come see me!""number 26 get your fix!""number 21 your order's done!""number 24 get some more!"I just wanted to write this review so I could brag about the fact that I live across the street from the ONLY Chicago location of the greatest fast food restaurant in the world.  Every night when I'm thinking about what to have for dinner, there's Portillo's seducing me through my living room and bedroom windows saying "come here and get some, if you loved me you'd do it"  And on too many nights, my response is, "you're right, I do love you Portillos, I'm coming baby."There is no better fast food restaurant anywhere...period.  There's really no need to say anything more about the food.  If you don't like the food here, then you fall into one of three categories: 1) You had one, isolated bad experience; 2) You lack taste buds, and it's not your fault that your opinion is incorrect; or 3) You don't know anything and you've gone through life being wrong about everything.  If you've never had Portillo's, go.  If you're not from Chicago and are planning to visit, DEFINITELY go...it's located in one of the most touristy parts of Chicago.  If you've had Portillo's before, go again...and again.  If you have no one to go with, I'll meet you there.  Listen, just go.  If you don't like it, I'll eat it -- just drop your leftovers off at my place, I live across the street.I maintain that Portillo's has the best beef in the city ... I haven't tried Mr. Beef or Johnny's, but it's definitely better than Al's, and you get way more for your $.  If I weren't so full after eating the usual order (beef, fries, coke) ... I'd get the chocolate cake ... WHICH IS MADE WITH MAYO!  HOw awesome is that?Anyways, one of the girls had Portillo's catered into work today, and if I didn't leave the break room, I'd finish off the tin, and then drink the gravy instead of a diet coke, which I used as justification for eating the chocolate cake anyhow.Great place to go if you want the Chicago Hot Dog experience without having to travel far from downtown. It's quick, cheap, and has plenty of seating with an downstairs/upstairs. Don't miss the Chicago style hot dog, cheesy fries, and a thick, chocolate cake shake (order a small unless you can eat an entire chocolate cake by yourself). There are also plenty of other items on the menu if you're not a hot dog lover.Came here for their polish sausage, burger and tamale. The food was good, it was cheap. I wasnt sure why it's so famous or popular, its really just a smorgasm or different types of food in one store.  Free refills for drinks.You had italian, barbecue, hot dogs, shakes, sausages, burgers etc. Overall it was a good experience for honest comfort food.So, Portillos is amazing for all the reasons everybody has mentioned here.  But this review is not for the food... I'll preface by saying, I ate at Longman and Eagle... a Michelin star restaurant on Saturday night, and came to Portillos Sunday for a burger, hot dog or Italian beef... I ordered all three because I couldn't decide, and even compared to one of the best restaurants in Chicago (Longman & Eagle), I still enjoy Portillos as much as any restaurant around.The reason I'm taking a minute to type THIS review though... is to acknowledge one of the greatest things I've ever seen in all my years eating out...On 10/21/12, after finishing my massive lunch at Portillos, I went upstairs to the bathroom.  As I went to wash my hands, there were two employees at the sinks.  Now, if you've ever been in a Portillos, they do a very good job of displaying "Employees Must Wash Hands Before Returning to Work" signs... These guys took it to a whole 'nother level...I work in an operating room setting every single day, so I know what a surgical hand scrub looks like... These two Portillos employees looked like they were about to scrub into invasive surgery...They were scrubbing, cleaning, digging under their nails... I've never been so impressed with hand washing in my life!  On top of everything else that Portillos does well, I hope everyone appreciates how incredibly reassuring it is to know that those employees take their food seriously, and that they're making it with clean hands.I'm still not sure why it made such an impression on me, but I'm certainly glad to know that guys like that are making my food when I head to Portillos.Hats off to the manager for enforcing it, and hats off to those two employees for their attention to detail!!The hot dogs looked really good but I didn't order one. For some reason I ordered the Italian beef sandwich that is a ton of shaved beef put in a dry bun and then soaked in a greasy thin gravy. They put some giardinara on it and then you ingest it while it collapses and drips all over the place.It tasted amazing.My stomach is like a garbage can and I can eat anything without indigestion. Anything, that is, except Portillo's Italian beef sandwich. This thing turned my innards into a toxic waste area and I felt like walking death for at least a couple of days. My digestive tract shut down like Daiichi No. 4 and no amount of water or chemicals could halt the meltdown. If you're like me, you'll do this sandwich once. Nothing tastes good enough to go through that.I gave it all those stars because they do what they say they'll do and don't pretend that it's healthy or even digestible. You walk in and you know what you're in for.If you need Chicago essence fast, come here.  Cheap respectable eats that can start a visit off well.  Eating here on a daily basis if I lived here? I think probably not, but nonetheless a good place to grab a goblet and a dog wit everything that should be on it.  One thing to think about... If this place wasn't so good, would there really be somewhere near 100 people pumping out the food at once?  Just go here and check it out.  The visit won't cost you much.Oh my god. The most greasiest food ever but so delicious. I'd get the beef italian combo and chocolate cake every time I go. I'm pretty sure I'm eating my way to a heart attack, but once in awhile shouldn't be too bad...Great Hot Dogs!I now live in Portland, OR and wish I could still eat there. Though, I am now a vegetarian I would maybe consider breaking that for a great Portillo's Hot Dog!Tasty dogs, especially the Maxwell Street Polish. Fries were okay.mmm, I have a new love and it's name is chocolate cake shake. Oh, Mr. Chocolate Cake Shake you made a foggy drive up to Milwaukee delightful and tasty. Ahhh, a delicious meal of hotdogs and chocolate cake shakes made my day!On my trip up to Milwaukee the bf and I stopped by Portillo's after an errand to P.O.S.H. for some nourishment. We braved the drive thru which is a little chaotic when you would look at menu before ordering. I knew I definitely wanted a chocolate cake shake after hearing Dane K. speak so highly of it. After deciding to get some hot dogs, good crunchy fries, and the mystical shake, we waited in the drive thru which was organized chaos. Just remember to know what you want beforehand. The hotdogs and fries were gone pretty quick, but the chocolate cake shake sustained us through the trip to Milwaukee. The amazing shake that was like drinking their rich, gooey cake with some more chocolate. The shake definitely lived up to Dane K's hype and was so worth the calorie explosion. My bf even commented that it's so good that it's worth turning around for to get another as we entered the tollway. I'm now all about the chocolate cake shake as well as the traditional Chicago fare.I loooove Portillo's. I go through my eating phases, and right now, I'm in the cheap eats phase. I visit Chicago a few times an year... how convenient is it that the friend I'm staying with only lives a block from Portillo's?? Needless to say, I got my hot dog fix plenty of times over my 5 day trip. I like to keep it simple... I usually get the jumbo hot dog (minus the onions/peppers), chocolate malt shake, and cheese fries (to share). I also tried the chocolate cake shake on one trip after reading a lot of love stories on yelp... It was decadent. Dump chocolate cake into a chocolate shake and suck it up. Luckily, my friend was there to share it with me, or else my stomach would've exploded. Yes, I'm weak.Seriously. When I lived in Chicago, I didn't actually take advantage of it enough. But when I went back for a weekend visit - it was one of the first things I needed to have. The classic Italian beef sandwich is amazing and very classic Chicago. Juicy but not as messy - a little unlike other traditional Italian beef sandwiches that I have had in the past. If you go to Big Al's in Chicago - the juice literally is soaked through the bread. At Portillos - you get juicy meat and clean hands. :) Sometimes people can get confused about Portillos - because it's almost always right next to the the Barillos Pasta Bowl place. So, people think they're all just one big business. Which they might be. I am not actually sure. But either way, go for the Italian beef sandwich.I thiiiiiiiink..... that I'm going to have to return to Portillo's to give it another try.Someday.Maybe.Can a place that mediocre/ touristy/ "meh" really earn a 4-star average? Really? There was not a single thing there that I tried that I would call even remotely exciting -- even after a thorough sampling of my companions' platters.The secret to coming here your first time is to get the Italian beef sandwich with hot peppers and mozzarella.  Maybe get a hot dog too if you're curious, but following the advice of Chicago natives, I got the beef sandwich.  This sandwich was epically delicious - the beef was well seasoned and hot, the hot peppers provided a nice kick, and the mozzarella was not overwhelming.  I just ate this last night and I'm drooling again as I'm writing this review.This is certainly a "fast food" place - the Italian beef sandwich is only about $5, and more than enough for one person.  Their fries are also really good - krinkle cut, and a small should be enough for one person at $2.  I didn't get to try the milk shakes this time around, but got a slice of their famous chocolate cake - I can see why it's famous!  Soft, moist cake with a sweet chocolate frosting - delicious.I can't wait to come back here - it was awesome.  Next time I'm going for the combo... italian beef and italian sausage in the same sandwich...Every time I go somewhere I want to have what they are known for.  Unfortunately Chicago is known for pizza and hot dogs which NYC has the crown in.  The hot dog at Portillo's was not that good.  It kinda had that byproduct taste that Oscar Meyer dogs have.  Sabrett and Nathan's from NY are far superior.  I may be biased cause that is what I grew up on, but they are just better in my opinionThe hot beef and hot sausage combo however was fantastic.  The sausage was really hot which was good, and it was on fresh bread and tasted great.  Best in class.  I really liked the service and atmosphere too.  The Coke there was great, tasted like Mc Donald's Coke.  Overall, sorry guys you don't have the best hot dogs but food is very good, and the sausage and beef combo is world class.Chicago dog, Italian beef sandwich, french fries, and onion rings for $13 and some change??Woo hoo!  Our first lunch in Chicago was CHEAP!Best part of the hot dog was the chewy bun, the kind of chewy that's impossible to find in LA.  It was a little messy to eat but it was good.. But definitely not to die for..Italian beef was mediocre.  Pile of thin meat, cheese, and peppers and again, chewy bread..  I'd recommend breaking all rules and bringing your own mustard..  Hands down, my favorite things here were the fries and onion rings...  Maybe I was just super starving but we gobbled them up in no time.It definitely doesn't come close to the best hot dog I've ever eaten..  Actually, not even close.  But it's a Chicago institution and worth a stop!I liked this Portillo's. In fact (besides the nuisance of their drive-through and irritating parking), this might be my favorite Portillo's.Inside it's spacious and decorated with old-fashioned things (signs, wagon wheels, etc). There are two lines for ordering food - one for Portillo's stuff and the other for Barnelli's (pasta and salads). The lines might be confusing (even frustrating if you get in the wrong line), so be careful. Once you order your food, you move down the counter where they call out the number on your receipt when your order is ready.The employees who have helped me have been friendly. Getting my hotdog was faster than most Portillo's. As soon as I got to the end my meal was set (even before other customers who were waiting before me).I think that the actual quality of the hotdog (and other food) is the same as other Portillo's; however, there are better ones at other Chicagoland places. So, if you're looking for a Chicago-style hotdog, I wouldn't go to Portillo's. If you're looking for a quick, solid meal then Portillo's is a good choice.Oh - and regarding Portillo's in general, I highly recommend their Chocolate Cake Shake.This review might get me in trouble...During a few hours spent walking around Chicago, I knew that I had to hit up a spot for an authentic Chicago dog. A true tourist move. Pulled out my Yelp app, started searching and found this spot. So I started walking, not sure what I'd expect. I was hoping for a hole in the wall.This place ended up looking, to my dismay, much like a Disneyworld park attraction. It was all decored up to look like a cross between a MacDonald's and a Dixieland village. I still proceeded to order. I gotta give it to them, I was able to eat lunch for under 3 bucks, not bad. If I came here again, I would definitely get a second dog though, and would save myself the stop at Pinkberry on my way back to the hotel.So the dog was quite tasty, but I guess I was expecting something a bit more outrageous. It looked to me like a store-bought hot dog from a 10-pack with a Stop & Shop bun, just covered in poppy seeds. It had some special sauce on it that was pretty delicious, but I don't know. Maybe I was expecting a small parade to walk out of my hot dog or something. But, it didn't.I guess next time I go to Chicago, I will search for more of a hot dog stand or hole in the wall type of establishment. I think that's what I expected when I walked over to Portillo's, and it just didn't deliver for me.Everytime my wife and I go to Chicago, we stop here for the italian beef. We stuff our bellies then hit the mile. Their food never disappoints, and if you order a chicken sandwhich, you are just plain dumb.Ohh, man. So good!I had the jumbo hot dog with everything on it, along with some large fries. Everything was GREAT. The dog was so delicious. Easily the best hotdog I've ever had. The fries were amazing! Service was very friendly and verrry fast. Yummy! I wish we had something like this in St. Louis.Okay, so I just arrived in Chicago a few hours ago and decided to make Portillo's my first stop.  I'm proud to say, that it was a great decision!Workers are friendly and even chatted it up a bit with us to tell us more cool places to go while holding up the line a little.  I had the Portillo's Hot Dog.  To be honest, when I saw all the Yelp pics, I thought it was too massive and that it would be hard to eat...but, it is the perfect size.  The Portillo's Hot Dog is an all beef sausage on a soft/thin bun (I can imagine it getting soggy if you save it for later) with black peppers, little green peppers, tomatoes, a pickle and fresh cut onions...I think cheese, too?  Yum, yum, yum!I also had a side of fries...and just as yummy.  They reminded me of those Costco fries I used to get when I was a kid...you know, the kind with all the ripples?Anyway, I will probably be back here at least one more time before the end of my trip!The location isn't worth parking for... However, the drive thru is damn effective.  I pull up, order a full rack of ribs (my wife swears by them), and drive off.  All under 10 minutes.Of course, it's fun to check out their vast menus, but do that at a suburban location.Skip the hot dog and head straight for the Maxwell polish with hot peppers and you will be more than satisfied. Great atmosphere and ambience. Next time I will try the custards or shakes and the many other options they offer.Yup...I don't understand the hype of the Chicago dog...maybe it's a local thing but I found the Chicago dog to be bland plus the bun was soggy.  Not quite what I am looking for in a hot dog.  Even though we specified that we would be dining in... they wrapped up the dogs in some type of wax paper and gave it to us in paper bags which probably added to the steaming of the bun.  Gross.  Then again...I also don't like the soggy White Castle burgers that so many New Yorkers love...maybe it's just personal preference but I prefer my hot dog or burger buns to be toasted and not have the texture of a wet paper towel.The fries with the cheese dipping sauce was good.  Fries...cheese...what's not to like??Also, I thought the polish dog was very flavorful and had a nice bite to it since it was perfectly charred.  However, since the entire reason for me going there at all was to see what the Chicago dog was all about...well...3 stars for that.***This review and 5 stars is only based on their EXCELLENT CHOCOLATE CAKE SHAKE!!!****This shake is just wonderful. It has little chunks of chocolate cake, which is good on its own, dazzled in their chocolate shake. I don't believe this is on their menu ... Go try one!PORTILLOS IS THE #1 SPOT IN CHICAGO FOR AN ITALIAN BEEF. LOVE IT. CAKE SHAKE is delicious. Barnelli's has really good salads and pasta. I LOVE the chopped salad and have gotten some of the pasta dishes. They give really good bread as a free size.You can do no wrong at portillos. Very family friendly.An awesome dawg, hands down!  We cabbed it here after 2 stores on a Saturday because we skipped breakfast.  Fantastic, we each ordered A Walk through the Garden, shared a small fry and a drink.Loved it so much, we came here again the next day before we headed back to WI.  The drive thru was jam packed so we ate there once more.I.  Will.  Return.Viva Portillo's Hot Dogs!!!I guess I'm just not a fan of Italian Beef. After an unimpressive meal at Al's last time I was in Chicago, I decided to try Portillo's this time around. The sandwich looked promising when I opened it up- juicy, aromatic and piping hot- but when I bit into it, the sandwich left me wanting more. I guess I expected a more beefy flavor, but it didn't deliver. It wasn't bad, it just didn't live up to the hype. The bread and the hot peppers were great, though. And the location is pretty interesting. It's a big place with a lot of choices. They have different stations where you order depending on what you want, and it's all very brightly decorated and clean.My curiousity with Italian Beef is now over- I will focus more attention on Chicago hot dogs going forward.First time having a Chicago-style hot dog and my girlfriend and I also ordered the Italian Beef sandwich with everything in it. I also was a fatass and ordered the Chocolate Cake shake to fully experience a Chicago food coma. Sure enough, I was in a food coma afterwards haha. To be honest, the hot dogs tasted like normal to me, but the combination of condiments with it made it really unique and tasty. Same thing with the Italian Beef sandwich.Before we came here, we asked multiple people for the best chicago hot dog and this is where we were directed, and I can understand why. They have an army of staff/cooks and it was quick, delicious, and easy. When we come to Chicago again, we will definitely come thru and have some chicago dogs again!Best hot dogs in Chicagoland.  Fantastic cheese fries.  And it is nice to know that there are so many locations throughout the Chicagoland area so you are never too far!(Barnelli's has some great pastas and salads as well.)Chocolate cake milkshake: delicious.  it really did taste like cake. I'd heard they literally mix in their chocolate cake with the milkshake, and it was tasty -- not chunky or even grainy like cake was mixed in :D, but tasted delish.My sister and I got the Italian Beef, because people raved about it on this deep dish pizza tour we'd gone on, and most of those attendees were locals.  But, I thought it was just okay -- my beef didn't taste like it had been marinated, like I'd heard -- not bland, just ... okay.  And the cheese fries were just fries + a side of nacho cheese.  I did get mine with bell peppers, which were tasty and fresh, but didn't add much to the sandwich, nor did the mozzarella.  My sister swore that her hot peppers and sandwich were amazing, though.Cute + clean interior, great bathroom :) -- I'm glad we got to try this Chicago staple, but I'd definitely try somewhere else next time.Definitely not what I was expecting when I walked into the door but then again, I wasn't sure what I should expect. Portillo is just like a food court with bright neon signs but the walls were filled with sports memorabilia of all sorts. Awesome atmosphere!Hotdog- Good, old honest chicago dog. Soft, warm hot dog buns with poppy seeds on the outside. A wedge of deli pickle, tomato slices, and peppercini. Dirt cheap pricing. Awesome.First Time I visited in Chicago and everyone kept talking about this place... let me paint you a food picture.Biting into a portillo's Italian Sausage is the best thing I've ever put in my mouth.  This may sound phallic but it's really not. The first bite has a crunch breaking the casing of the sausage and when you get to the meaty center, juices just drip on the side of your mouth.  The cheese that was sitting on top of the warm sausage has the perfect melt that is surrounded by the not so spicy sweet chili peppers that are prefectly grilled just enough to release and please my savory and sweet tooth.Damn, I want one right now.Quality: THEIR POLISH HOT DOGS ARE EFFING AMAZING!! The grilled onions add a very nice touch to it. I'm not a mustard fan, but this time it actually complemented the hot dog!Venue: LOUD and BIG. It's like a food court. Very flashy and "midwest". Amenities: You gotta go to the 2nd floor for their bathroom (how do disabled people get up there?)Nearby: Right by the Hard Rock on the north side.Tip: Don't be a fat ass and get a hot dog and a ribs MEAL. Get the ribs a la carte. :) Also, their frozen custard is SUPER GOOD! AHH I miss it already! Will I come back? YESSSI grew up in the burbs with a Portillos just around the block. A hot dog with everything, vanilla shake, and regular cheesefry - makes me hungry just thinking about it. Oh, and if you love chocolate - the cake is very moist and yummy. (Not something you would expect from a hot dog place)Even as a big kid, I still love going to Portillos. When I went to undergrad and grad school in Indiana, I really missed those hot dogs. When I was a vegetarian for 6 years, the reason I started eating meat again was for hot dogs (Portillos and Wrigley Field). And it even runs in the family, my sister, an Iowa resident, was recently home for the holidays. On a four day trip home, she had Portillos twice.Needless to say, I gave Portillos 5 stars.DROOOOOLL!!!!!!!!!!  I love Portillo's!Great food, fast service.  They have a drive-thru on Clark and they're super organized and fast.  I am really impressed every time I go there!   But one time there was a line and we didn't realize it was the line to Portillo's!  We thought it was people turning right onto Ohio.  So anyways, we went all the way to the front and cut off people!  OMG this one guy started bitching us out for cutting!!!!  Haha it was kinda scary.  I mean they couldn't do anything because we were in line and everything.  But it worked out = ) Go there!  You will LOVE the burgers!My favorite place to get an Italian Beef.  Worth the $7.  Eat it, and it will become the place you compare all other Italian beefs to.  I love their fries too.  Crinkle cut.....and I always get it with cheese.I don't think their dogs are great.....they're average....you can get a better dog at other places.Always get EZ-ice in your drinks....otherwise, you get a cup full of ice and 2 sips of pop.Ahhhh, who doesn't love Portillo's? Sure the drive-through is a cluster, but the wait is well worth it. This is always my go- to destination when I want to eat unhealthy because I enjoy every second of it.The italian beefs are the bomb, but I always stick with the cheese dog and cheese fries. Their burgers are really good too. It's cheap, it's amazing, it's my favorite fast food spot. What more is there to say but YUM!!I would die of shame if someone saw my Grubhub history with Portillo's. But really, the restaurant is Chicago in a nut-shell and every greasy bite is worth the guilt, especially after a night of drinking. Everyone knows the chocolate cake, cheese fries and chopped salads are mind blowing. So i'll let you in on a secret.. THE PIZZA you're welcome. no seriously. order it now. with extra sauce. The crust is amazing and crispy, the sauce has a little kick to it and its so cheesy and delish. It is the best thing to happen to my hangover since college.It's funny to see people call Portillo's a tourist spot, and some person from Hawaii say they prefer charred Chicago style hot dogs- It doesn't get more local than Portillo's and a charred Chicago Style hot dog isn't a Chicago hot dog- it's a char dog. While you may prefer Hot Doug's in honolulu (which I've had) it remains, only, an echo.I grew up in Chicago and Portillo's is it. Best Chicago style hot dog, best Chicago Italian beef dipped with sweet and hot peppers, best french fries, and best shakes. Cleaner than a nun's conscience, it's the only restaurant in the country to employ a full time health inspector at each location. I go every chance I get.Had folks from LA visiting and we just got done biking along the lake, now it was time to grub.  But where to go? It was 10PM and I wanted to take them somewhere Chicago-ish...alas, my late night gem Portillo's comes to the rescue ... opens until 11PM people!Pros- italian beef - *be sure to ask for it wet*- super friendly service- chicago paraphernalia ambianceCons- chicago dog (tomato slices are puny) - left wanting to try all the stations, so close yet so far away! ConclusionsPortillo's italian's beef hands down beats Al's beef. But, if your hankering for a chicago dog check out american dog (no wait) or hot doug's (long wait). Please don't immediately disregard this joint coz it's a chain, you'll regret it! Ooh, also have locations in Southern California! Will go back to try the chocolate cake shake.Wooo!!! True fast food deliciousness.  Haven't been excited about a place in awhile  The Chocolate cake shake is probably the best shake I've ever had.  The food is diverse & good.  You can get quality fast food craving food, or a delicious variety of healthy salads fast.  The other thing I love about this place is that it has an ambiance.  You can sit here & chill not like chain fast food stores.  They also have a nice patio too.Something for everyone, cheap, good atmosphere, staple of chicagoOverall: good times.Yes, I know that Portillo's is a chain restaurant.I don't care, because Portillo's is near the top of the heap when it comes to kick-ass grease food.My go-to sandwich at Portillo's Italian beef.  It will go toe-to-toe with the top beefs in town.  Served up on a fresh, crusty roll, the beef is lean, flavorful, and paired up with tangy, salty au jus (get it dipped - you know the drill).Aside from the outstanding beefs, pretty much everything I've ever had at Portillo's has been great - from the Chicago-style dogs, to the burgers, to even the salads!  Honestly, the fries are not my favorite - they serve a crinkle-cut - but they are always fresh, crunchy, and perfectly serviceable.  Service is lighting quick, even when the line is halfway out the door, and the price is right.  The drive-thru at the Ontario location is a big plus!Having had an italian beef before, I knew I had to have one when the hubs and I visited Chicago. Well we finally made it to Portillo's on the last night we were there. It was as good as I knew it would be. My husband wasn't as excited as I was because he had never had an italian beef before. As we were getting our bags packed and preparing for our morning flight he says, "do you think we could hit Portillo's one more time before we get on the plane?"The staff if very friendly, the food is great and it is a nice experience all around. Would say it is a must visit while you are in Chicago. Afterwards we walked across the street to the two story McD's and hung out there for a little while too.Portillo's is such a simple place, but the food is really tasty. Not to sure this is a place to visit if you're trying to eat healthy, but on those days you're not definitely swing by this place. Haven't sampled the hot dogs yet, but the beef sandwich with peppers is super messy and packed with flavor. The burgers are also really good, fresh buns and toppings. Friend got the buffalo chicken wrap which was not only huge, but she said was really great.all in all a great menu for dogs, burgers, sandwiches, pizza, pasta and a few salads.I had my first Chicago-style hot dog here a few weeks ago. Honestly I was a little taken aback watching the line cooks slap on lettuce, tomato, relish, pickles, and mustard on my pure, innocent hot dog. Surprisingly, the combination of sweet relish, spicy mustard, sour pickles, and a salty dog all came together for a pretty satisfying and definitely unique experience. The variety of textures made it all the more enjoyable. Be warned though that this is not a neat eating experience by any means. I liked the Chicago-style dog, but the Polish dog was a bit more my taste. It was spicy, topped with sweet onions, and more of a sausage than hot dog - delicious. Avoid the burger - it's about on par with one you'd pick up at an elementary school cafeteria. As recompense, however, the malt shakes are sweet, thick, and malty.Eating here is a messy experience so be ready to get your hands dirty. It's also cafeteria style and crowded so seating can occasionally be a problem. If you're just visiting (like me), Portillo's serves up a worthy Chicago-dog experience.Best hot dog I've ever had? Yeeeeeep. And this is coming from a Michigan native, which is home to the coney and Koegel viennas. Mad love to my local fare, but Portillo's dog is superb. Stick with the original and you can't go wrong. There may be some ridicule if you ask for ketchup (I didn't, but have heard stories). Also, they serve beer, and that's fantastic.Hot dogs are amazing!Portillos is probably one of my favorite fast food joints in the city.Their hot dogs are awesome, their burgers are really good, and their Italian beef is always great too.No matter what I decide to order I know there is going to be one thing consistent about every order and that is that I will be ordering a large cheese fry. They have the BEST cheese sauce!Great food and fast service, giving Portillos 5 stars is a no brainer.Chicago style hot dogs = AMAZING!these hot dogs absolutely put NYC hot dogs to shame... i mean like cover your head w/ a paper bag kind of shame. NYC hot dogs are $1.75 (or something like that) for a plain doggie w/ the optional sauerkraut.. while chicago style doggies are served here w/ mustard, onions, relish, a pickle spear, tomatoes, hot peppers.. and probably other stuff (for $2.19). it's DELICIOUS... like "holy-cow-i-can't-believe-i'm-getting-so-excited-­over-a-hot-dog" delicious.  it was so good that my friend and i ate there 2 days in a row and bought extra doggies on the day we were leaving so we could eat them later.oh and also... ITALIAN BEEF. it's this delicious, thin cut beef served w/ peppers and if you get it dipped the dip it in their sauce making the whole thing just this orgasmic sort of meal.oh portillo's... why don't we have you in the nyc area?This is not like AJ's Grill or Harold's Chicken Shack.  Portillo's is real food.  Italian beef and fries is my favorite.  Plus they have a tasty breaded chicken sandwich if your cholesterol isn't already too high.  You can see it from the Rock N Roll McDonald's if  you're looking for a quick alternative.  There's plenty of room to sit down, even if you bring the whole neighborhood.  And there's a drive through if you're really in a hurry, but make sure you know what you want to order.  The cashiers are short-tempered.SNAP!A lot of folks can make a good hot dog.  Hell, I can make a good hot dog.  Portillo's has the fixin's down right.  But it's that SNAP when you first bite into that dog that makes its hot dogs great.  Load it up with all those good fixings and don't even think about ordering anything else here--you came for the dog, right?And then prepare for that SNAP.  Dang, that is good stuff.Best Chicago-style hotdogs you will find anywhere!  It has the dyed green relish, mustard, onion pieces, pickle, the WHOLE WORKS.  The restaurants have the small hotdog stand feel, yet it's located right downtown.  Unfortunately, it's a chain, but you really wouldn't know. The tamales are pretty "ew" (some disagree, but this is my opinion).  Their shakes are also delicious...I hear their cake shake is not to be missed, yet I've missed it every time :X.  The pasta and ribs are also delicious.  Anything you have here will be well worth it.  Then if you have a party, get a chocolate cake.  YUMMMY!BEST DRIVE-TRHU PROCESS EVER & great for the whole family.4 stars for the food, 3 stars for the service 2 stars for the inaccessability through the drive thru off of clark. the food is top notch.  Your regular run of the mill Portillo's food with some barnelli's pastaThe service, is eh...alright. They always seem to mess up my order, but when they get it right, it's fine.  But when they get it wrong, (shaking my head) disaster for everyone who's waiting in that crowded drive thruThe inaccessability sucks.   The people need to learn how to direct cars in their drive through better.  It sucks being stuck there when you got your food, but your'e stuck behind a bozo who didn't.  (or because that  poor bozo got their food wrong) So average all this, and you get 3 stars Portillo's!I came here after swimming as part of my tradition of eating big after a workout.Overall, solid food and the drive through is excellent.  They take your order efficiently and bring your food out quick.  I got the beef and chedder on a croissant and the chopped salad, both great dishes (Al's has the edge on beef, but the salads here I feel are way better).Seems a bit pricier than the one at home in the burbs, but I guess that's what you get in the city.First trip to Chicago, first trip to Portillo's.   WOW.  We had a few hours before dinner reservations but hadn't eaten since early morning and I really wanted to try an Italian Beef sandwich before I left.  Took a quick cab ride to here and I must say, I am glad we did.  Kudos to the lady who took our order and pretty much ordered for us after we said we were damn tourists and never had an authentic Italian Beef sandwich.  She ordered us the 9 inch Italian Beef to share so it was cut in half and we added Sweet peppers.  That's it.  Take your paper bag to the counter and pay.  Sooo nice.   I went and bought a local brew from the bar since I am on vacation and was cabbing it all weekend.  They called our number and we were ready to indulge in our 'snack'.  Italian Beef w/Sweet Peppers - Wow.  The beef was thin, chopped, and soaked in juices which made it soooo soft.  The bread was soft due to the amount of juices the meat produced and the sweet peppers were roasted I think.  What a combo.  What a treat.  I could have eaten the whole thing.  damn dinner reservations.  haha.We definitely left here wanting more but were extremely satisfied with the overall food, experience, service, price, atmosphere.   I love Portillo's after just one visit.  I haven't tried the other joints that everybody talks about (Johnnie's, Al's, Mr Beef, etc) and I am excited to try them but Portillo's left me wanting more.  Oh wait, they have one in Cali now.  Danger danger.Okay, so apparently, there's a Portillo's in Buena Park, Ca, but my friends and I had to had to come here!! It's Chicago after all!! So for some reason, I thought it'd be a run down fast food joint, but really, the place was huge! 2 stories! brick building with a drive through. tons of tables and chairs. and the decorations were cute and kid friendly. The one thing I liked was that there were different lines for what type of food you were going to order. (pizza, hot dogs, sandwiches, drinks, etc) that is really smart and convenient, and I'm sure makes the service more efficient and faster. my friends and I ordered the Italian Beef sandwich and Portillo's beef hot dog. The guy at the counter was super friendly, and joked around with me and my friends. Then, when he saw me take pictures of the place, he joked that there should be a picture of us, and reached for the camera, and took a picture of us behind the counter! lol never had that happen before. The hot dog was really delicious. fresh, crisp, and yum!! I had tried a chicago style hot dog earlier that day, so I knew a little of what to expect, and Portillo's didn't disappoint! The Italian beef sandwich was filled to the brim with the beef. soo much beef!! One thing I didnt like was that, we waited about 10 minutes before digging in, and by then the bread had gotten soggy. if you can, i suggest you get sweet hot peppers inside the sandwich, bc that would balance the pure beefiness of the sandwich!! beef was moist, thinly sliced, and savory. yum! Another thing was that we brought a pizza from Lou Malnati's and ate it there. there was a sign outside that sed "no outside food", but really, my friends and I were desperate to dig in and didn't want to wait unti lwe got back to the hotel room. No one at Portillo's said anything about it, so props to them!!! (thanks Portillo's, you saved 3 starving girls!!) A fun, friendly, yummy vibe, and overall a wonderful place to eat! :)Yum, the best drunk food I can imagine. Too bad they don't open that late.Hot dogs are good here. Italian Beef sandwich is good too. The only thing I don't understand is why anyone would go to that huge ass McDonald's across the street instead.The bf and I chose Chicago as our yearly getaway 3 years ago. Of course we chose Yelp as food tour guide and they did not steer us wrong.Hot dog is good.Italian beef sandwich is great.Chocolate cake is a must after the greasy goodness.We stopped by twice but resisted to go everyday since it was 2 blocks away from our hotel. Definitely make a stop when you are in Chicago!Not too shabby! Came during our first day in Chicago. Cheap, yummy food. Got a Portillo dog and a chocolate cake shake to share. Although I thought the shake was too rich, the fiance loved it. Service is fast and friendlyPeople who don't give Portillo's 5 stars don't know what they're doing (kidding). Besides their awesome salads and their tastly hotdogs and the sandwiches. . . . . . .They have two items, that no matter what, I will always come back for & they are the following:Cake shake (literally).Cheese fries. They know how to keep people happy. Portillo's eater 4life!Cheap Bar Quality Food.  Big portions.Dunno why this is such a huge tourist attraction.  It is better than getting fast food from like a mcdonalds or jacks, but it isn't going to be a food highlight of anyone's trip to Chicago.I love you. I am jealous that I live in LA and can't have you everyday for lunch. That chicago dog with the dill pickle = heaven. my mouth is watering. When I go back ... I'm heading straight here.Its like a one-stop shop for all foods "Chicago."  It even has a sort of festive decorating theme on the interior to really get you in the spirit.Between my mother and I, we sampled the italian beef sandwich (with huge green peppers!), mostacolli with marinara sauce, garlic bread, garbage salad and cheese fries.All were delicious, but I suspect they might have been more because of the moment we were in.However, I would definitely return with others needing their Chicago-foods fix, and after a day of walking, I know I will not be disappointed.I still stand by my statement that the hot dog vendors outside of clubs late at night serve the best hot dogs EVER.  Those delicious bacon-wrapped hot dogs covered with everything is sure to satiate even the drunkest of socialites.  Portillo's served up a pretty decent dog, but it was nothing special.  The Chocolate Cake Shake did taste straight up like Chocolate Shake though.  Just like how Mom and Pop shops are always better than huge chains, street vended dogs FTW.First stop and last stop on our inaugural trip to Chicago. The crowd and multiple queues can be intimidating for a first timer, but the staff is agreeably proactive about lending a hand through their byzantine ordering/pickup routine, and despite the crowds, the line moves quickly and pick up is a short wait.Doubled up on a standard dog and Italian beef both times. A tremendous amount of food, especially for the price. Dog has great snap to it, and the topping as generous without being overwhelming. Gone in three bites, perfect appetizer for the main course.The Italian beef is an absolute beast, especially when you go combo with sausage. peppers and cheese. Might seem like overkill, but it's all absolutely necessary. Eat it fast, as the combo of the hot beef and the sauce causes the French bread roll to disintegrate at an alarming rate. Wish I could savor it more, but wolfing it down is part of the fun.Ummm, great hot dogs.  And the drive through?  FABULOUS.We went here twice while in Chicago recently, and had to do take-out both times.  Will definitely be back, and yes, will keep in touch with my cardiologist.While I've waited and waited for my deep dish, I have had many hot dogs in the last few years. Okay, not that many. But a few and more than a handful proclaiming to be "Chicago-style." For those who don't know, it's an all beef kosher hot dog in a poppy-seed bun with sports peppers, tomato, onions, neon-green relish, celery salt and mustard. There is absolutely no ketchup which is great as I despise ketchup.When you first get to Chicago and people tell you to go to Portillo's, don't go. You don't want that "dragged through a garden" hot dog. Okay, fine, you must have one. And Portillo's is fine. My memory has built it up to be greater than it was the first time I ever had it. And all those hot dogs I've had since? Well, L.A. serves up some tasty hot dogs and some better "Chicago-style" hot dogs than Portillo's. I think it has to do with the fact the buns aren't so mushy after being wrapped up in paper  (why did they do that when we were eating it at the restaurant?!).As a side note- Portillo's doesn't have a Chicago-style hot dog on the menu. It's their regular beef hot dog and you tell them you want everything.When I have more time the next time I go to Chicago, I may have to do a crawl to find a better version.The one Chicago food I didn't get to have on my first trip was the Italian beef. I've dated a number of boys from Chicago (perhaps far too many) and  more than a few have mentioned this sandwich. I was looking forward to trying one on this trip. We ordered it at Portillo's. I thought it was similar to a Philly cheesesteak. Well, more steamed. And perhaps a lot more beef but otherwise, it's pretty tasty. I'm not sure I would normally order it though. Where are the veggies?Oh, I'm so California.On my next trip out to Chicago, I'm going to have to get a proper gyro.Portillo's crinkle cut fries are the best. They have that perfect crispy texture on the outside, but are soft enough to practically dissolve in your mouth. They have the PERFECT amount of salt on them and are best accompanied by the beloved Italian beef on a hoagie roll that everyone here is waxing poetic about. I feel that the name of this place is misleading, because I hate hot dogs, but Portillos offer so many other things from fluffy chocolate cake (with just the right amount of sweetness and not too rich) to excellent breaded chicken sandwiches. These are the many reasons why this place has my heart.Portillo's has some of the best hot dogs, italian beef, and burgers in the city. Forget the Hard Rock or Rainforest Cafes across the street. Make your way to Portillo's for a little taste of Chicago.I always get a cheese burger with cheese fries and wash it down with a schooner of blue moon. IMO its the way to go.I was only a tourist but I wanted a Chicago dog with fries and I got it here. It melted in my mouth and I swear, if I haven't thought of it once every damn day since then. Thanks Portillo'sxoxoMissing you in SFTime/Date: Thursday, 9:30 pmType/Quality: Tastey American hotdogs, sausage, and shakesPrice/Quantity : Good price for the food. The beef and sausage dog is amazing! Its juicy and really tasty. I went with friends and we each had a full beef and sausage dog and split a hot dog. We also got a large chocolate cake shake and split it 4 way. That was plenty for dinner! The chocolate shake cake is tasty but be sure to mix it. Otherwise it becomes milk shake with betty crocker frosting for the last 3-4 inches of the shake.Service/Accessibility: Lots of space, and regular fast food service. Since its in the downtown area of Chicago you'll probably have toStructure/Ambiance: High roofs as if you are in an outside eating arenaAtmosphere: Packed for lunch at Noon.  Fast moving lines.  The lines were a bit intense and confusing at first, but we got over it.  Although it was packed, we had no problem grabbing a table for three.FOOD: Delicious chopped salad and tasty garlic breadPrice: The salad was $7 or $8 and I paid an extra dollar for garlic bread.  I put it in the $$ range, because I got a large drink which put me over $10.I plan to go back to try more menu items.CHOPPED SALADTouristy. I've only come here with out-of-town guests. It is a great spot to get Italian Beef and the ambiance is worth checking out. They have a fairly tasty Cesar salad and pasta for the vegetarians. Hooray!Portillos is my favorite and makes me proud to have on so close to home....except for today. I got the chop salad and a shake. Came home and had a couple bites not to discover a super black hair just laying there. I'm shocked and completely disgusted. Do not eat here....Portillo's is fabulous--don't let the three stars deter you from trying it. It would have earned four, but they don't cater their Chicago dogs!! That is unacceptable.Otherwise, yummy Chicago dogs AND a drive-thru!!!You can't help but love this Chicago staple.Personally, I've only gone for the Italian Beef with mozzarella, peppers and au jus all over that mo'fo. It's quite possibly the most perfect food -- juicy, starchy, spicy, soothing in all its glory. I've heard the hot dogs are quite tasty, but I've had an aversion to hot dogs since childhood...that...and peas. Anywho, if you are a local or in the city for a day looking for a quick bite that won't break the bank this is the spot.Would also like to add the salads are very good as well, if not a tad overpriced...deepen the serving, guys.If you like Italian beef sandwiches then you will really like this place.I ordered mine dipped with sweet peppers.The bread was soft and the meat was juicy.I had no heart burn or indigestion afterwards - big plus.Fries were ok.  A bit too salty and charred.Very good place for some "tasty grease."I typically eat the $1.50 Costco polish with sauerkraut, deli mustard, ketchup and onions or the Seattle dog after a late night out on the town (cream cheese and grilled onions, etc. en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ho…). Both are good, but Portillo's is better. On a visit to the Windy City, we came across this lively hot-dog joint.Being a fan of polish dogs, I had to order the Chicago style polish. I was surprised to find the dog decked out with fresh cut tomatoes, peppers and a pickle. Not sure why I'd never heard of this tasty Chicago- style dog- I think it deserves more recognition than the deep-dish Chicago style pizza...We came to Portillo's looking to try a Chicago hot dog.. When we ordered and asked what the cashier recommended, she said the italian beef with roasted peppers and chili was really famous.  So we ordered 2 of those... still thinking, we were gettin hot dogs...Is Italian beef the "chicago" way of saying.. italian beef hot dog? NO.Was it still good? YES.What is an italian beef?It's a sandwich. with a WHOLE LOTTA MEAT.Seeing Sonia C's review reminded me that I've been here before.All I can say is that I got really excited by the thought of a buffalo chicken wrap - BUT - when it came out, the lettuce in my wrap was frozen, that's right frozen, not even thawing, but frozen.  That may have been the most disgusting wrap I've ever eaten.I guess there are a lot of food options here and it's open late, so.....Order an italian beef, dipped, with hot peppers, regular cheese fry and the drink of your choice. Die happy.I'll be honest and say that Portillo's was good but not super great.  I mean, it's just a hot dog.  I came in with mediocre expectations because I'm fairly satisfied with Costco polish sausages. I ordered the combo italian beef and sausage after the Chicago Urbanathlon.  I was starving and really looking forward to just eating.  When I bit in, it tasted good but not great.  Perhaps I'm really hard to please.  I did notice that the dog was fairly greasy and therein lies most of the appeal.  I guess people think that greasier is guiltier and tastes better.  I'm glad I went to check out this famous Chicago institution but I don't have to stop here each time I come to Chicago.Destination Eats = when I'm in town, I'm in Portillos.  I always order the following 3 items:A       Italian Beef - Om nom nom nom...with hot and sweet peppers.A       Breaded Chicken Croissant -  So good my belly MAKES room for it. A       Fries -  crispy, not salty!(And a Pepsi) Cheap, Clean, Friendly, Fast.  If it's your first time you have to get the Italian Beef. I'm not crazy about those Chicago Hot Dogs but it looks like they do them right here, so if you must.But skip the pasta.  It's tasty and you WILL enjoy shoveling it in your mouth with the garlic bread but when I got it with my friend once both of our tummy's hurt afterwards.  Too much garlic & butter I think.What a staple of Chicago-Style food. Delightful hot dogs and THE best Chocolate Cake Shake on the planet. Their beef sandwiches are soggy and amazing. Fries are old school and crisp. The drive thru is a nice change of pace for the neighborhood and it's pretty quick and convenient. Give it a try.I asked my friend what else I should try while in Chicago because I go home the next day. She said Portillo's is a staple of hot dogs, sandwiches, and chocolate cake in Chicago. So I came. This place was huge. I felt like there was a lot going on, and wasn't sure which line to get in. I think one is for dessert like frozen custards, and the other was the food line. The guy working the line was pretty helpful and told me that their Chicago dog was popular and what was all in it. I ordered a Chicago dog with no peppers. It costs less than $3. Good deal. I got it to go and ate it back at the condo that I was staying in. I was tempted to order a slice of chocolate cake because it looked amazing, but I still had a whole slice of Hummingbird cake from Table 52 that was sitting in the fridge that I haven't touched, so i thought I better not. Save it for my visit back to Chicago.The Chicago dog tasted awesome! Much better than just a plain hot dog with ketchup and mustard. They don't serve their hot dogs with ketchup, but instead adds fresh slices of tomato. It was awesome! A definite must try when in Chicago!Portillo's Hot Dogs has way more than just hot dogs.  Salads, beef sandwiches, pasta and more.  I came for a classic Chicago Dog and that's exactly what I got.  Poppy seed bun, sport peppers, dill pickle spear, etc.  The place was packed and had a steady stream of people filing in the door.  A good thing about this place, they know how to handle the crowd.  They have people showing you were the lines are and taking orders in line.  It's quite intense walking in here the first time, but well worth it.  You can even finish off your meal with frozen custard.  I definitely would come back.Is there anything left to say about this Chicago institution?   Portillo's and Barnelli's are great because whether you're in the mood for some greasy fast food faves like Italian beef and onion rings, or a nice (huge portion) of some Italian dish, you can get it.  This is probably one of the first "fast-casual" restaurants in the country and they do it right.   Ambiance is great. I've patronized all of their spots in the city and suburbs and t's a place where you know what to expect and the standards remain the same high quality every time.    They must have an excellent staff selection process because the mood is always happy and pleasant and many of the same people have been serving me for years.In recent years they've changed up a few things :(, like they stopped putting pepperoncinis on my favorite salad,  the bread  is a smaller portion and they removed the pina colada from the menu!  Waaahhhhhh!   That was a delicious dessert!     It's too bad that they also stopped serving cocktails in proper glassware and now use plastic cups.    At least they still have the affordable beer schooners!I suspect that's a sign of the economic times; but it's still a great value with plenty of variety.   I'll probably be a regular well into my old age.Had my first italian beef at portillo's! It was juicy and satisfying, and I ate it all way too quickly. My friend got the classic hot dog and enjoyed it, and I tried her fries and they were pretty good. The place is cool, you walk in and there are several different stations with different types of foods (hot dogs & italian beef, or salads and pasta). The ladies who worked there were really funny, they would always make a rhym of letting you know that your food was ready:   "Number 39, time to dine!!!"   "Number 2, it's time for you!"Portillo's proves not all chain restaurants are bad. This greasy-spoon diner will leave you fully satisfied. Come on an empty stomach. This is one of those get down and dirty, worth every calorie consumed restaurant. My first visit to Portillo's, I had the burger and fries. It wasn't the best burger and fries but it did it's job. You could tell the burger was grilled, so it had a nice flavor.It's counter service which is very appropriate for this casual place. Unfortunately I was too full for the milkshake but that just gives me another reason to return.Can't go to Chicago without getting a Chicago dog and Italian Beef sandwich.  But I wanted to avoid just a random hot dog stand, too.  So I'd heard good things about Portillo's, and they have a place just a few blocks of Michigan Ave.  It's not a sterile national chain, but is more of a Chicago chain/institution.  I guess this location is made for tourists, but it is fun, the workers were friendly and loud, and the food was good.Wife's Chicago dog was typical, pretty hard to mess up as long as you follow the formula and use a good hot dog.  Onion rings were thick and heavily breaded, the way we like them.I got the Italian beef sandwich, dipped.  Savory!  Lotta flavor, and the sweet peppers I went with added a nice bit of extra flavor.Definitely do it again on the next trip back.Fast, even when busyAn awesome place to grab a hotdog, burger salad or Italian beef. Everything on the menu is well made with quality ingredients. Service is good, food is made quickly and if you want dessert you should try the cake shake.I was skeptical of Portillo's quality, especially after learning it's a tourist trap.  How good can it be?  Was it worth checking out?  Well, yes it is, if only to say that you got to enjoy a Chicago dog whilst being one of thousands (so it seemed) packed inside this sardine can of an eatery.  However, the queue moved quickly and the staff worked together like a well-oiled machine.  Stand HERE, read menu, choose items, order, pay, move THERE, wait for your number to be called, pick up food.  If staff members were efficient, service itself lacked the friendliness that would have made my visit a 5* one.  Oh well.  The hot dog itself was very yummy and gone far too soon, while the caramel cashew frozen custard was really really good (one orders this and other desserts like the chocolate cake shake at another counter).  In addition to hot dogs, pasta and hot sandwiches are also offered for the taking and consuming.Prices are cheap, food is good, and the crowd makes the overall experience a fun one.While I lived in Chicago, I gained 30 pounds in one year.  This is the reason why.I can't really express how good it is beyond that.  If I gain 30 pounds from this place, it has to be good, right?PS -- I lost the weight after leaving Chicago -- go figure!What is not to like about cheap, tasty, and filling food? Portillos fits the description in what it has to offer: value, quality, and quantity. Every restaurant is themed differently so you will never be dining in exactly the same atmosphere twice (unless, of course, you frequent the same location over and over). I grew up in Chicago, and more specifically, I grew up on Italian Beef. Portillo's Italian Beef is one of the best I've had. Period. The harmonious combination of the salty, slow cooked meat with the tantalizing au jus, all resting on a soft Italian bread (soaked with more au jus, of course) and topped with a mound of hot peppers; what more could you ask for? Heaven is the word that comes to mind when I think of biting into that sandwich. What could make the experience better, you ask? Try adding to the side a heaping helping of Portillo's delicious fries with a nice little tub of quite possibly the best melted cheese known to mankind. Slurp all that down with some (insert regionalized choice of the word pop here) and you're good to go! Don't even get me started on the chocolate cake. If you have any room left in your belly after that meal and you have a few bucks to spare, please do yourself a favor and get a slice of the chocolate cake. It is moist, delicate, fluffy, rich, and everything else that a chocolate cake should be. Portillo's just goes to show that you don't need your coffers filled to the brim with cash to eat like a king.The second stop on my Italian Beef tour of Chicago.A low meat to bun ratio.  It was also lacking juice.  It had good beef flavor though.  The jardiniere was nothing special. The Chicago dog they had was decent.A Native Chicagoan, I felt for a long time that a formal review of Portillo's was unnecessary, after all, the locals know how great it is. But after more thought... Everyone who comes to visit me requests a stop here, I am more than happy to oblige. When my dad lived in TX I shipped it for father's day... His neighbor, also a displaced Illinoisan, accepted the package while he was out, and upon delivery said "By the way, we're available for dinner when you decide to eat what's in that box". The beef is mouthwatering. I've tried other places - good, but not like this. I always enjoy the fries, and I'm picky about fries. Finally, at the urging of many friends I tried the chocolate cake one year for my birthday. OMG. Not sure what's in it, but Portillo's is giving real bakeries all over Chicagoland a SERIOUS run for their money wit dis here cake. I like the hot dogs as well, but really, Portillo's is all about the BEEF.  In fact, it's almost lunch time, and now that I've written this review...I love this place! The hot dogs were delicious!!Eating at Portillo's is a heavenly experience. It's hands down, one of the best restaurants in the world.Portillo's is my default first stop, every time I go to Chicago. They are an institution and cannot be missed. Many will argue that there are better beef and hotdog places in the area and while that may be true, Portillo's remains my all-time favorite. Chicago-style is really the only true way to eat a hotdog. If you're someone who likes ketchup, go somewhere else. Here you'll find delicious Chicago dogs and Italian beef sandwiches on the same menu.My usual at Portillo's are two Chicago dogs and an Italian beef sandwich. If I'm feeling especially hungry, I'll add on an order of crinkle-cut fries. Portillo's uses only Vienna Beef for their hot dogs, which come with a natural casing so you get that great snap. Their poppy seed rolls are warm and soft. The toppings are very fresh and full of flavor, without overpowering the taste of the Vienna Beef dog. Portillo's Italian beef uses thinly sliced beef cooked in the most delicious gravy. Many people like theirs with green peppers. I prefer mine with hot giardina relish. It adds a great crunch and spiciness to the sandwich. Try chili as a topping for your dog as a nice alternative to Chicago-style. It's very good at Portillo's.Honestly, I could go on about this place all day long. It's truly one of the great Chicago eateries and everyone I know that's from or has been to the area raves about Portillo's. Make sure you stop by next time you're in the Windy City and you'll be hooked for life.I don't understand how anybody could rate this place less than 5 stars. Ribs, salads, pastas, frozen custard, good draft beer, dipped Italian beef sandwiches with hot peppers, Chicago dogs with everything. No, it's not the typical restaurant that has too much variety with mediocrity. This place does everything good, everything. It's a cafeteria-style restaurant with options galore. They keep the long line moving and the servers are awesomely friendly. First-timers should hop in line, place your order, and move on down to where the nice ladies are singing and yelling order numbers. Hallelujah! I came here a total of 4 times in the week I was visiting Chicago.. and everybody I brought came back a second time.This is a reliable spot for relatively inexpensive and tasty Chicago hot dogs and italian beef.  The only thing I would criticize about the Chicago Dog fixings is that they don't use the neon green relish.  I love that stuff!  The other item that I have had there that I enjoy quite a bit is the chopped salad at Barnelli's.  The dressing is pretty good as are the ingredients which include a small amount of pasta, among other things.  I also appreciate the fact that they have a decent selection of beer for a hot dog joint.  All in all, a decent spot for a hot dog and a salad.  Not my favorite, but decent.This place is crazy. It's like a mall food court/theme park for anyone enjoys sugary, fried, processed-meat eats.Not that I'm complaining! I enjoyed every single janky bite. The Italian beef sandwiches are awesome, but it's those Chicago dogs that are truly craveworthy.When I come home to Chi-town its straight to one of my two comfort foods White Castles or Portillos.  Whitey one-bites I've had since I was a kid, they never change.Portillos actually has the best fast food menu in Chicago. I've eaten in at least twelve and another one they put up in Los Angeles.  Great sausages, Italian beef - best in a franchise anywhere, plenty of fries, shakes above average, even a decent anti-pasta salad at select locations.  I like to enjoy even my fast food, so I never drive through, those folks should just hook an IV pipe to the gas tank for fuel.So why a three star rating for a great place for fast food?  For the last ten years they have been training their food prep staff to do a great job preparing a Vienna All Beef - Chicago style, pickle, tomato, relish, the works!  Problem is that after they create a piece of wonder, they wrap it in paper like a burrito and then they do a TWO HANDED WRINGER ON IT LIKE THEY ARE SQUEEZING WATER OUT OF A DISH RAG!  The Horror!  If you close your eyes, it tastes fine.  If your eyes need to check something out before it goes in your mouth - don't order the hot dog or the Polish.Other than that every Portillos has a fun decor, each with its own charm.Way to go Dick Portillo!OK  This is simple... if you are in Chicago and you want a perfect Italian Beef or a tamale or a hot dog you must go here.  They also have a pasta restaurant right inside if you want something different. The place is inexpensive and very casual. There is small outdoor sitting area but the ambiance is inside. Great for families, kids, to bring a cheap date (and not get her feeling cheated) or even alone without feeling out of place. They have beer and wine if you want it. The workers are friendly and verbally snappy so be prepared if you hear them with a cute comment.My first food during my first trip to Chicago! So. Good.My friend and I decided to have an "escape" weekend and drove to Chicago from Cleveland.  We were starving by the time we got in and had a laundry list of things we wanted to eat that are unique to Chicago.  So, we headed for the hot dogs first.  I'm a huge hot dog fan as well as a pepper and pickle fan, so the moment I heard what was on these Chicago style hot dogs, I was sold.  Absolutely perfect combo of...everything.  I wanted another when we got back to Cleveland, but no matter what I do, I don't think I'll be able to replicate a Portillo's hot dog.Also, the atmosphere was fun and I liked the "goblets" of beer, termed by another guest that walked by and enthusiastically asked where we found "goblets filled with beer."After many recommendations, we had to stop into Portillo's for a hot dog on our recent visit to Chicago.  It was pouring rain and windy outside so we were happy to step into the bustling dining room.  Right off the bat, we noticed that the place was pretty full of tourists like ourselves.We grabbed a table for two and then I took a spot in line to place an order for a jumbo dog and a chilli dog with a side of fries.  The order pick up is at another counter and was very quick.  We also decided to grab 2 beers to wash it down with.  Bar service was extremely slow...waited about 10-15 min. before anyone even appeared at the counter.  Beers come in huge frosty glass goblets.The size of the hot dog was pretty average - the same size as a grocery store hot dog.  It was topped with onions, hot peppers, tomatoes and a pickle.  It was good but I think I was expecting a larger hot dog (foot long).  Also, are these hot dogs boiled???  Bun was soft almost a bit on the soggy side.  Not sure what everyone was raving about.  I guess I'm just use to Toronto's street meat which is a foot long dog nicely grilled.Granted I've only had two Italian hot beef sammiches but this place is setting the standard. The meat is tender and juicy and slightly greasy in a really good way. The not gardiniera they slather on top is sooooo good. I wish they would bottle it so I could add it to potato salads and Cole slaws.perfectly salty, crunchy and spicy to cut the fatty richness of the roast beef.  Don't come here for a date though....there is no sexy way to eat any sandwich and with grease dripping down your chin this is messier and less sexy than most. Eating this sandwich makes you feel a little like your inner cave man is coming out. It's all messy and delicious and you can't help but eat it too fast and throw out decorum by scarfing it like you haven't eaten in days. The place is huge and decorated all funky like. The only complaint is that there are like 4 lines and for a newbie it was really confusing as to which one i was supposed to be in.Friend of mine took me here for a quick biteLocation was great, central of everything, parking across the street or on the sideFirst I walked in, looked around, the place is very interesting, seem like a sport bar, but is also felt like back in the 50s because of some of the set up they usedMy first impression was....yeah...just a quick bite and I'm outta here, so I thought cheese burger and fries should be a good option Then I saw the sign wrote "voted best ribs in town"So I'm thinking 'best'? Hm...this I gotta try So I changed my mind and ordered the full ribs instead, and I gotta tell you, this is the best ribs I ever tasted and I'm not just saying that. I tried many places for BBQ ribs before, but nothing like this, their sauce is just so...good.You know when you go out and order BBQ ribs, and the sauce usually just sweet, but not like this place, they actually sweet and tasty, now that's what I call a good BBQ Ribs! lolThe price is okay, I think I ordered the full Ribs + bottle of water + coleslaw + bake potato on the side like $24 The reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is the service here not very good, they got some very unprofessional staff working in the front lineWhen I standing there getting my order, this woman here look like she just got out of bed, the way she talked to the customers is like they need to put her taken out trash instead of taken order from the customersBecause the ribs come with 2 sizes, half and fullI asked, how much is half and how much is fullShe did answer me instead she turned her back on me and said to the guy behind him "Hey! Do you have a half ribs?" And the guy pointed at the grill one half and one full To me, that is not acceptable, you work there, you should know your product what you are selling for instead of turning your back to the customer and yelled out the guy behind you My friend in another line ordering his food, and he asked the other staff to add a pickle onto his order, and the other staff look like he was new and he turned to the woman staff that taken my order and asked "how do I ring up the extra pickle"With her lazy look and sleepy eyes she response without thinking immediately "We don't have keys for extra pickle" with her very hateful answer. At this time, I cannot continue standing there watching her or else I may say or do something to her I may regret, I placed my order I walked awayI will be back because they do have good food, hopefully she will no longer be there next time during my visit. I know is mean, but hey....if they do not appreciate what they got, why should we feel sorry for them? I don't mind paying, but not for services like that But if you are in the area, make sure you stop by and check it out, and if you see her (I'm sure you will know who she is when you see her with her attitude), just make sure you bitch slap her for me. lolBarely 4 stars. There were two must-eats on my trip to Chicago, a Chicago-style hot dog and Italian beef. I walked to Mr. Beef and found that it was closed (it was Sunday). As a resourceful Yelper, I had a backup plan: Portillo's.Portillo's reminds me of Fuddrucker's. The interior sports a "manufactured nostalgia" feel. You order at the cashier and your number gets called when the food is ready. Food arrived in minutes. Lines went by quickly.I ordered Italian beef with "sweet" peppers and my dining partner ordered one with hot peppers. The hot peppers are a spicy un-diced relish of pickled celery, cauliflower, and peppers. The sweet pepper was more of a soft poblano pepper placed on top of the beef. Both options were good. The beef was soft, juicy, and really really greasy. I almost felt like they added extra grease. Yum.I also had a Chicago-style hot dog. It was delivered with the usual embellishments: relish, onion, mustard, tomato and a dash of celery salt. The contents sat inside a poppy-seeded bun. Tasty. A good contrast between the salty beef and the fresh toppings. I liked it better than Superdawg.Good Italian beef and Chicago-style hot dog. Extra quick.If there's one thing I can say I miss the most about Chicago its Portillo's Italian Beef Sandwiches.Few things can bring me joy like a Portillo's big beef with hot peppers (dipped of course) Pretty much any Chicago hot dog place has the same hot dogs, but NO ONE in Chicago can match the great flavor of Portillo's' Italian beef, not even some hole in the wall thats a cab and bus fare away from a brown line stop.The funny thing is, there's a Chicago hot dog and beef place here in Atlanta, it has a ton of Chicago themed stuff on the walls, including a picture from the downtown Portillo's. ;-)btw, I was pleased to read the review below mine mention "pop". I get ridiculed constantly down south for calling it that. But I'll never stop!Yeah, the restaurant's a bit cheesy.  But I'd much rather a tourist in the Mag Mile area hit up Portillo's than that spaceship McDonald's across the street or the 8-year-old infested Rainforest Cafe.  The reason?  Not kitsch, but grease.  I could sit and split hairs about whether the bread for the Italian beef was Turano.  And I'm partial to a Vienna Beef franks or something from Bobak's on my Chicago dogs, but this one had a good taste and some snap to it.  I mean, both of them together were about $9, but hey.  Real estate is expensive down here!When you think of all the sad culinary demons America has running around out there that make a satire of food they are trying to imitate (Taco Bell, any burger chain), Portillo's seems as authentic as they come.Bottom line is, if you want a beef dipped with hot peppers, or any other Chicago delicacy you can imagine (except for Chicken Vesuvio, they don't have that), then sit your ass at a checkercloth table and eat up.Very biased because it is what I grew up on but just had it for the first time in a long time and already missing it. I am going to KISS (keep it short and simple) and give my two suggestions. 1. Go with a group and mix it up so you can try everything off of the huge menu! But these are musts:- Italian Beef - order it juicy so they dip the bun in the juice. I am not a huge fan of the sweet peppers here but they do have giardiniera which I love - honestly, can't really go wrong with either. - Hot dog - it is Vienna, it is Chicago style, it is on a poppy seed bun. You'll love it. - Cheese Fries - they are accordion fries. Delightfully salty and a big whole cup of cheese on the side.- Chocolate Shake - it will give a nice milky coat to everything in your stomach. 2. Dip everything in cheese. If you are getting cheese fries, you have more than enough cheese. Dip your beef, dip your dog, but actually, don't dip your shake, that would be weird. Cheesy beef is one of the more underrated ways to eat an Italian beef. The hours are great, the location is clean. Man I wish Portillo's would expand to more cities!When I moved here in August, I was told to do two things: eat Chicago style dogs and deep-dish pizza.  I heard Portillos was the ideal place for chicago style dogs and after a couple visits, I can see why.When I first visited, I wasn't blown away.  But after a few visits, Portillos started rubbing off on me and I started to really like the place.  I've had the chili-cheese, italian beef, and regular hot-dog with everything.  I personally like the regular hot-dog the best.  Three hot dogs usually does the trick for me so expect to spend around 10 bucks minimum to have a decent meal.  Portillos also has burgers, sandwiches, and salads... but personally, hot dogs is their bread-and-butter so I just stick with hot dogs when I come here.The atmosphere is great for groups of friends and families and there appears to be a lot of history behind this joint... Pictures of random celebrities who have visited the place over the years - it's definitely a place you need to come if you happen to visit Chicago.  Overall the quality of Portillo's hot dogs isn't much different from the other hole-in-the-wall and hot dog stands I've been to in Chicago, but the atmosphere definitely puts it over the top.  It's got my vote.Never have I ever had a hot dog like this before! My boyfriend and I went to Portillo's right before I had to leave Chicago and fly back home.I got what I thought was a regular hot dog and my bf got the Italian Beef Sandwich. Well it sure wasn't a regular hot dog by any means! It had tomato, relish, onions, and a pickle spear on a poppy seed bun! Top that with cheese fries and your good to go...with a painful stomach ache on your way out:/I dunno if it was because we were hungover (really good chance) or what the deal was, but we both weren't feeling the greatest when we left this Chicago establishment. Great concept though and SO much variety! Plus, you are always guaranteed a seat because the place is freaking huge.I was clearly instructed (no, directed!) to visit Portillo's on my visit to Chicago last month.I listened, but I did not obey as my time was spent mostly in the northeasterly suburbs.I was clearly instructed (no, directed!) to visit Portillo's on my visit to Chicago this month.I listened, and - oh, screw it, I was on my way to our downtown location, was running late, but knew I'd not have the chance to stop for lunch so plugged it into my GPS and just let the car take me there.The whole operation was impressive.  Two lanes of drive through.  People walking between the cars to hand out menus, take orders, call them in, take payment, run to get receipts for those pesky customers like myself (expense report, y'know...).Best of all, the dude who brought out my order took a look at the slip and complimented me on my order.  I drove on, chocolate cake shake in one hand, and a greasy/salty other hand on the wheel, and I knew that life was good.Pro:- life is goodCon:- why isn't there a location closer than 700 miles away from home?Give me chocolate cake or give me death! ...or a hot dog or Itallian beef if their all out of death.Seriously though, So many people think about the dogs and beef when it comes to this Chicago hot spot tradition. I grew up on Portillios. Chocolate cake? Gotta have it.I was in Chi town on business, so why was I at Portillos an hour after my plane landed? Literally, this was my first stop in Chicago, the Dogs are amazing and so so cheap!!! I arrived during lunch time and this place was a zoo, luckily this staff is organized and fast. A lady works the line taking orders writing them down on a paper bag, she hands to you and when you get to the register you hand it to the cashier and a few minutes later, your number is called. LOVE THAT! This was my first time at Portillos, the decor is cute, so cute I pulled my camera out and shot a couple of pics like a damn tourist. The lady behind me ( a local) started to laugh at me, I didn't care I was at Portillos in Chi Town having a great time with my colleagues. Portillo's is a must when in Chicago. Verdict: I haven't stop thinking about those dogs!!!I LOVE their HOT DOGS! The Portillo's Hot Dog is delicious and I love the hot pepper, get extra if you love the spice. The Polish Sausage was a bit salty but still delicious and this was after I had the Portillo's Hot Dog and a Tamale. I read on one of the review and they said that the salad was so good they would swim in it. I would swim in it too! SALAD, best salad ever. Here is some advice... If you walk in... you're not lost, Portillo's is the WHOLE PLACE. You order food at whichever station or counter that serves the food you want. Hot Dogs is straight through the Main Door (or the counter with the longest line). If you are going to order the CAKE SHAKE order it early because sometimes they do run out. The Chili is really good too. Heck if you're in the mood... order all of it like me!Any hot dog that comes with a full size dill pickle on it (amongst other things) is the kind of hot dog I'd bring home to Mama. Also, I love crinkle fries.Great, plus the people who make the food make up rhymes and chant them out when your number is up.Classic Chicago hot dog and a chocolate cake shake with an actual slice of cake inside!I love Portillo's and living in Phoenix, I miss it so much.Every time I take a trip to Chicago, Portillo's is close to the top of the list of things to do. I even almost missed my flight one time because I tried to fit a last minute Portillo's trip in before I left town.Not living in Chicago, I haven't had the exposure to as many Chicago Dog's as most of the people that have posted reviews here on Yelp. With that being said, me ranking Portillo's as the best dog I've ever had, may come with a lot of scrutiny. I look forward to enjoying some of the other dogs around Chicago to try and find one that tops Portillo's. I love the whole Portillo's vibe and have always wanted to try out some of their other items such as their Italian Beef or Beef and Char-Grilled Sausage Sandwiches. I love their hot dogs so much, that I've never found the room.A place that serves up the best hot dog that I've ever had earns a much deserved five stars.Great American style food. Love the Chicago dogs and fries. I usually come in for lunch at work and order the chicken picante salad. It's a lot of food for a salad and tastes great!Clean..... good consistent food.This is a Chicago staple.  Its a chain but, they make it good and they make it quick.I usually go for the big beef.... sometimes 2 dogs.  I rarely get burgers here because.... well I don't know why not.  Maybe next time I'm there I'll try a burger and let you know.This is an overcommercialized circus of mediocre fast food on the level of mcdonalds, which I prefer to this debacle.Portillos has an expansive menu that includes hot dogs, burgers, fries, shakes, pizza, salads, etc. An army of workers are preparing food on the spot and long lines of people move quickly through the turnstyles. After ordering you must wait at another counter where your order number is obnoxiously called out. "numer 89, where you at?! Train's leaving withoutchoo!" and other adlibs.The food is crappy old fast food. It's kind of gross. I tried just about everything on the menu with some friends. I have no idea how people eat the cake shakes...absolutely disgusting to take a bad milkshake and some bad cake and mix them together.  The hotdogs are the best thing on the menu but they aren't even as tasty as a costco hotdog!  They are, however, about 2x the price of a costco dog and unlike costco you still have to purchase a drink for over $1 more.The hamburgers are greasy and disgusting. The fries are mediocre and obviously prepackaged--similar to orida fries in your local grocery store freezer. The sausage on a bun is yuck and chewey! The toppings are not good. And the salads include something called "garbage salad" which I do think is illustrative of the quality.  The food is relatively cheap, the atmosphere is irritating in its tackiness and noisiness, and the quality of everything is very low. I would not recommend this restaurant.  I can only suggest that 5-star reviewers have never had a decent hotdog.  To rate this place highly is a total mistake.  So don't be confused by the excessively positive reviewers like I was. :(Walked into Portillo's, and all my senses were immediately assaulted...by delicious smells from the kitchens, a dizzying array of food choices, BEER (hehe), lights, colors - quite the sensory overload.After my brain settled back into normal function mode, I focused back in on our mission - Italian Beef Sando.Since we had a long night of eating ahead of us, we decided to share one sando with sweet peppers & a big ol' goblet of beer.The beef was delicious!  The seasoning, aroma, doneness, texture, everything was spot on.  Even though we didn't order it dipped, the bread was soaked with the meat juices - sweet pepper contrast - meat/bread ratio - it was altogether an amazing, Joey-from-Friends-worthy sandwich.Washed down with a cold beer, it was the perfect pick-me-up to keep us wandering the streets of Chicago until dinner time...I'm not a fan of onions or relish, but man oh man, when you add those along with mustard, tomato slices, hot peppers, a pickle spear, celery salt, a hot dog and a poppy seed bun, what a perfect combination! Miscellaneous beef parts, you have not died in vain!Also gotta love crinkle-cut cheese fries! Mmm, processed food heaven!Yes, the hot dogs are wonderful. The Italian Beef is AMAZING and the fries are A-OK.But this review highlights the less familar wonder that is the Chopped Salad from the Barnelli's side of the restuarant. Bacon, chicken, bleu cheese, little bits of pasta, the delicious house dressing (and lettuce, of course) comprise this beauty of a salad. Make no mistake, this is not a healthy salad by any stretch of the imagination. But it's worth every calorie. They also serve it with delicious, crunchy-on-the-outside, soft-on the-inside bread. Perfect! Oh, and I don't know if she's still there, but when I used to work nearby and was a regular lunch customer, the lady who would call people's #s and hand out the orders was hilarious and always put a smile on my face.4.5 stars for a Chicago chain that never disappoints!Go with the classics - Italian beef, Italian sausage, or Chicago-style hot dog.... Pair with fries (crimped and crispy) or onion rings.Finish with a delicious slice of moist chocolate cake -slathered with just the right amount of creamy chocolate icing.I miss Portillo's!!  Always tempted to taste test their cryovac shipped Italian beef.... but somehow probably not so good going cross-country??So I had to take my girlfriend to a great lil spot for some local food items.Funny thing there's a crowd of people waiting to figure out what to order, I cut through them step up order the:Portillo dog & Maxwell street polish!  staples of my growin up in Chicago!So the dog has everything on it: mustard, chopped onions, pickle, peppers & relish!Maxwell polish has just the polish & buttery sauteed onions.... wow!  Now my girlfriend isn't really a fan of either, but she was amazed at the tastes!Oh yeah we shared Sam adams winter lager!  doesn't get any better than that!We were headed to a show at the Chicago Theatre on a Friday night and needed a quick, casual, and inexpensive place.  Portillo's fit the bill to a T.   (We love the decor of this particular location which is themed to 20's and 30's.  The entire restaurant is filled with authentic memorabilia from various locations throughout Chicago) Service was very fast -- we quickly moved through the line.   The restaurant was busy, but there were plenty of tables available.  Our food was excellent.  I ordered the hot beef sandwich and fries.  The sandwich was awesome - just the right amount of juice for the bread.  The fries were awesome as always.  Anyway, in summary, Portillo's is a great place if you're looking for an inexpensive meal in the River North area.4 stars for the dogs5 stars for goblets of beer10 stars for the Italian beefI got the hot dog which was aiiitte, but the Maxwell street style polish dog with the grilled onions was wayy better. Enough about the dogs, oh my god, Italian beef sandwich, you need to come to California with me. Screw looking thin and being healthy, I would rather eat one of these all day er' day.Hello Chicago!After checking Chicago-style deep-dish pizza off my list of foods to try during my short visit to Chicago, all that remained was the Chicago Dog. For that, the girlfriend & I went to Portillo's Hot Dogs.Wow, what an all-encompassing emporium of delicious fast food delights. There are so many different food counters with so many menu options, it completely boggles the mind.I had to stay focused. I was here for a Chicago Dog & that's what I was getting. So, I ended up ordering a Hot Dog & Chocolate Cake Shake. The girlfriend ordered a Chili Cheese Dog, Chop Salad, Tamale & Chocolate Malt.I loved the Hot Dog. Though simply listed on the menu as a basic Hot Dog, it comes with all the toppings that make a Chicago Dog. It's now clear to me why the Chicago Dog is so beloved. Altogether, it's a wonderful medley of textures & flavors.My Chocolate Cake Shake was pretty awesome too. It's like a variation of an Oreo shake, but with soft, spongy chocolatey bits instead of harder chocolate cookie bits. I could easily slurp down an entire bucket of this stuff.I tried some of the girlfriend's Chop Salad, Tamale & Chocolate Malt. The Chop Salad was surprisingly good for fast food service. The Tamale was the 1 miss out of all the food we got. It's not unexpected that a place known for Hot Dogs doesn't make a good Tamale. I liked the Chocolate Malt, but the girlfriend felt it wasn't malty enough.When it comes to an outlandish temple to all things fast food, Portillo's Hot Dogs is as good as it gets. We got a bunch of different food here, including the iconic Chicago Dog, & it was all very good. Except the Tamale. Don't get the Tamale.I was expecting more of a gourmet hot dog joint but instead found myself in a place that seemed like a food court serving fast-food. The hot dogs at Portillo's can be described just like that, standard and quickly prepared hot dogs where all the ingredients are quickly tossed together. To be honest, nothing spectacular about the hot dog here. I wouldn't have been able to tell the difference between a Chicago dog from Portillo's or a food cart. But I must say, the ambiance for this place is pretty darn cool. It's huge and has a lot of character inside that captivates you while you eat. Also, the chocolate cake milkshake is legit! It is thick (pieces of cake chunks), chocolaty and hits all the components of a perfect milkshake.So, when in Chicago you must eat a Chicago dog and a deep dish pie. Today, it was the Chicago dog. I stood in line and looked at the massive menu....When in Rome....and yes, this was in one meal....Maxwell polish, hotdog, fries, chilli cheese dog, onion rings, Italian beef and a chocolate cake shake....My fav out of it all? You can't beat the Italian beef and the Maxwell.  Holy cow. Worth the heart burn at the end....The Italian beef just fell apart--usually something that would disgust me as I hate soggy food but this just melted in my mouth. When they say dipped they mean it! Now...as far as the Chicago dog...it's deleesh with the pickle, hot peppers and tomato but my vote still goes to the Seattle dog and with it's grilled onions and cream cheesey goodness .Went here for lunch on St. Patty's Day with a group of friends. Famous for their italian beef sandwiches and Chicago style hot dogs, this place is a must go for those who are new to the city. I wanted their hot dog but I told myself that I had to try something new so I got their italian beef combo which had sausage and your choice of peppers. If I had known their sweet peppers would be soggy, I'd get their hot peppers instead. Stuffed with beef, the sandwich was moist and there were plenty for one person to consume. The beef is flavorful since it was peppery but didn't really like the whole mushy part of it or the grease for that matter.  I'm a fan of this place because of all the ingredients they add in to their hotdogs: tomatoes, pickles, onions, ketchup/mustard so the next time I'm in town, I'm just going to stick what I like :)The place has plenty of tables downstairs and upstairs so lots of room for large groups of friends or family.  It's a tourist site so the place is pretty much decked out with their keepsakes but nothing too shabby. They have other items in their menu such as the milkshakes, so gotta try that next time. Fairly priced for a combo meal.Yeah, yeah, yeah... you don't go to Portillo's for the salad.  But sometimes there's a vegetarian in the group and you get stuck at a classic Chicago beef hotdog / sausage / whatever place and you have to make the best of the situation.I'm giving this review 3 stars because all of the other six meat-eating companions in my party thoroughly enjoyed their beefy sausage things.  I, the lone veg of the group, was stuck with the salad bar option... which actually wasn't so bad in terms of variety.  I was just annoyed that they doused my entire salad with a ridiculous amount of dressing, pretty much rendering it inedible.  I realize this was my fault for not requesting my dressing on the side, but still sucked.I do have to give Portillo's major kudos for it's ability to VERY rapidly speed throngs of waiting fans through the queue very quickly.  We went for lunch on St. Paddy's Day, and as you can imagine, there were legions of drunken revelers in desperate need of some meat.  Portillos had a bouncer at the door regulating the flow of people inside, and after a ~5 minute outdoor wait, we made it to the indoor line, which went from the counter all the way back to the door.  Overall we didn't have to wait for more than 10 minutes to place our order and had our food within 15.  Pretty impressive!Finding seating was a pain, but again, that's just par for the course on St. Paddy's Day.Restaurant ReviewA Chicago institution. You can't go wrong with a packed fast food place on a weekday. This place gets a five star for selection, price, and service. Even with large crowds they are able to take orders quickly and make your food to order on the flame grill. On my recent outing, I ended up eating a italian sausage which was flame broiled to perfection. Not overdone or burnt. I order a large helping of fries which were fresh and right out of the fryer. To top it off a large chocolate shake large enough for two to share. This place has to be good given the volume of family, police officers, and dates eating out every night. Don't expect 5 star food, but great BBQ meal. Other selections include chili dog, ribs, barnilli pasta choices, etc. Pro- drive thru available, food cooked to order, one of the best milk shakes in the cityCon- slight wait time for food, no self serve soda machineHidden deal- NoneWhen  you hear about the hot dogs of Chicago, you will undoubtedly hear about Portillo's hot dogs as it's been around for fifty years.  For $2.50 you'll get their version of the Chicago dog, which is a hot dog topped with the chiles, tomatoes, onions, shamrock green relish, mustard, celery salt, and a poppy-seed bun.The hot dogs have a nice snap and the chiles add good flavor.  It's probably as good a dog as you can get in the city for $2.50.Portillos also serves Italian beef (another local dish), and desserts such as shakes, cake, and frozen custard.  I got a taste of their chocolate cake and it was okay.  It's essentially a chocolate devils food cake.  Another plus is that you can get lots of local beers on tap here.I wouldn't say that this the best hot dog in Chicago (for that distinction, look to Hot Doug's), but it's a solid choice to get an authentic Chicago dog.i dont care what ANYONE says - PORTILLOS HAS THE BEST ITALIAN BEEF, hands down.personally, i like my beef DIPPED with hot peppers on the side.  a side of sexy if you will.  dipped beef - what woman doesn't like it like that???you can get it dry (eh) but that would be unfortunate.  my mom & sisters used to order the combo (with italian sausage) along with sweet and hot peppers.one of my favorite kinds of fries are portillos crinkle-cut fries with cheese sauce.  YES.  THE BEST cheese & fries you'll ever have, ever.and to top it all off, a slice of the best chocolate cake you'll ever have.  GUARANTEED.  why?  because they make it with mayo, that's why.  don't be scared!  mayo = egg + oil.  so?  cake has eggs and oil.  i'm telling you, you won't regret it.what about the other things on the menu?  well.  their polish sausage is amazing.  get it with everything.  beef & cheddar croissant is pretty good, but heavy.  yeah, everything there is heavy, i know.  my friends love their cobb salad.  i think if you're an out of towner, or even a chicago native, portillos is the best place to get this kind of grub.  yum2000.every franchise i've ever been to has never let me down.  the ambiance is fun and low-key.  whether it's chicago gangster decor, 50's diner - it's all good.  they have their system down pat - very efficient.  and they schtick with the cool hats and outfits is always amusing.  portillos brings me good memories - my mom, well, my whole family loved it.  great, casual, cheap, (unhealthy, yes), low-key food.  simply the best.It's Portillo's ... this is Chicago and it's what we do best!  Here's a prescription for happiness (and possibly a heart attack):Consume each of these items on reoccurring visits (and make sure to get cheese fries each time)1. Regular hot dog...with everything2. Chili dog w/ onions3. Italian beef (dipped, of course) with hot peppers4. Maxwell St. Polish5. The Jumbo dog with everything6. The Combo :) (a Chicago classic!)I was so confused just trying to order that I never really settled into enjoying the food.5-stars for best Hotdogs, four stars overall. I love this place, as does my other half. We have sampled half a dozen things at Portillo's, all of which were good. Warning: their food would give someone with heart problems a heart attack. But, for the rest of us, that means yummy, finger licking food!Great atmosphere, very efficient. I ordered the Italian beef, Chicago dog, & onion rings. Delicious! If your in chicago stop by this iconic classic.Amazing Chicago style hot dogs! Surprisingly great service! Must stop in when in Chi-town...Mmmm.  Cheese sauce!  Since most of the 126 reviews seem to focus on the hot dogs and italian beef, let's talk about the fries and cheese.  They give you a large bag of fries and a HUGE container of what tastes to be Velveeta.  Sounds sinful and artery clogging, and you're right -it probably is!  Portillo's touts itself as the best street food in Chicago, and it's not far off. I found the Chicago style dog to be pretty good.  Perhaps I had an idea of what it might look like beforehand, but I found it to be smaller than I thought.  The italian beef here is OK, but I prefer the one at Mr. Beef on Orleans.   The food here is pretty good for the $8 or so that you'll spend. Next time I want to order a beer in one of those huge goblet-looking schooners, and order one of those chocolate cake shakes.  Mmmm!So you came here to read a funny, useful, or perhaps, even a cool review on Portillos? Maybe, you thought, it would even be.... informative? You might glean a gem or too to tell the rest of your extended family, friend circle, facebook, twitter or whatever your social networking poison is?*Chuckles*You see, all I have to tell you is Portillo's has this incredible combination of baby-cow beverage and sinful cacao. Known in the local vernacular as a cake shake, this drink, nay...ambrosia!,  is nothing like you've ever tasted before. And once you have it, you'll probably never want to taste anything else ever again.You may, of course, hit those buttons under my review now, it's the least you can do for me considering that I have let you in on the best thing that you ever tasted. Grazie.Interior feels pretty kitschy like a Universal Studios dining hall, but the food was great! I had the Beef-n-Cheddar Croissant and Italian Sausage, both were juicy, flavorful but messy. Topped it off with a slice of Chocolate Cake - simple but super decadent, reminiscent of Matilda. Definitely want to come back to try the custard and pasta. Looked and smelled yummy!What can I say that hasn't already been said about this place?  Nothing, except for this:Basically, go there hungry because you are going to want to eat everything on the menu.Do not even THINK about counting calories the day you decide to go here.Do indulge in dessert.  It is a MUST and the strawberry shortcake is a diabetic's nightmare.Hot dogs for everyone!  A hungry tourist's dream restaurant!Being from Chicago, I am biased when it comes to Chicago style hot dogs and Italian Beef.     I have tried different variations over the years, but hands down Portillo's wins both categories. If you visit Chicago or the surrounding area and can't find a Portillo's, well, you just aren't looking hard enough.  They range from the north burbs down to the south, from the shore of Lake Michigan to the outskirts of the west burbs.   The restuarants each have a different theme, so while they all serve the same delicious food, they each have their own atmopshere and personality.    My two personal favorites are the one in downtown Chicago and then out in the suburb of Downers Grove.   There is just something about biting into a Portillo dog and having stuff fall out the bottom or juices running from an Italian beef as it falls apart in your hands. Accept no substituions or imitations, and please whatever you do....stay away from Gold Coast Dogs, they should be embarassed to even say they make Chicago style hotdogs.Well...wifey and I took a trip to Chicago...and ate at a number of places we remembered from earlier times there.  Portillo's is one of those places.  Unfortunately, like many of the places, this did not live up to its memories.Wifey had a hot dog with onion rings.  The hot dog (not a Chicago dog, she does not roll that way) was acceptable, but nothing special.  The onion rings were quite heavy with breading and very little onion flavor.I had the Italian beef, which I remembered with a bit of fondness.  Meehhh...was all I can say.  It was edible...but nothing that I should be remembering.  I had the cheese fries with the sandwich...again, nothing special.  Part of me says I should not be comparing a restaurant to memories...but...the memories were based on earlier meals...so...not sure, but I think the food here has declined.Bottom line...probably would not return.Let me start with this: I can't say anything really bad about this place.  It's a tourist trap, sure, but it's a monument to Chicago's history and notoriety-- a worthy feat.My girlfriend and I were a little confused upon entering. It's a big place, and we weren't sure if we needed to be seated or what.  We finally figured out that it's basically an overly decorated food court.  Fair enough, though, as it was incredibly efficient. Once in line, a woman took our order and wrote it in shorthand on a take-out style bag.  The transaction from there on was fast and smooth, but it was a little impersonal.  This is a high-volume place that is meant to make you feel like things are authentically Chicagoan.  The only heart there was the woman behind the counter singing out the order numbers-- she was the best part.We sat down with our two "everything" dogs (Chicago-style hot dogs).  They were good. The franks were spot on, the toppings were fresh, and the bun was alright. No complaints.Bottom line:  Go to Portillo's for the foods, and enjoy yourself.  Don't be surprised if it is only friendly in appearance, as the service is meant to feed many as quickly as is possible.  If you want a better experience with some honesty and heart, try Clark Dog near Wrigleyville.Yummy cheese fries, the epitome of a Chicago hotdog, delicious chicken sandwich, and $5 draft beers aka the best slacking Sunday dinner!!Since parking here is virtually impossible, I almost always go through the drive thru.Their Italian beef and Chicago styled dogs are terrific.  Whenever I'm in Chicago, I always get one or both (usually both) from Portillo's.  Otherwise, I can't leave without an empty feeling of missing out on these 2 great staples of Chicago.I LOVE HOT DOGS WITH LOTS OF STUFF ON THEM! You can find those here.Love it, Portillo's has the best Chicago style dogs, Maxwell Polish and Beef Sandwich (HOT).  Their prices are great and I just noticed that the Jumbo Hot Dog is really Jumbo now.  I don't get to go as often as I would like to since I live about 900 miles away (in Dallas).  I end up making my own Dogs at home since there isn't a decent place to get good hot dogs without being ripped off ($5 bucks for a regular "Chicago Style hot dog", no fries, no nothing)  If you are from out of town skip Rock 'n Roll McDonalds and Hard Rock instead head across the street to Portillo'sCheck out the menu portillos.com/assets/pdf…If you like your sugar with cereal, then the chocolate cake milkshake is for you.  Unfortunately, I'm a coffee with cream, no sugar kinda girl and the chocolate cake shake so many people suggested was way too sweet for me.  I did like the icy consistency, though.  Next time, I'll stick with chocolate.But what you really wanted to hear about was the Italian beef sandwich, right?  Well, it was good.  I got it dipped with hot peppers, which was messy to eat, but tasty until the end, where the bread is super soggy and turns into goo.  I threw that away, but didn't miss those last few bites of bread anyway.  I was there for meat and meat juices.The fries were well-fried, crispy with a good french fry flavor, and didn't seem overly greasy.  Let's put it this way, I saw the flagship McDonald's as I walked out of Portillo's, and I didn't regret not getting my fries from McD's.I'll probably come back here again for the beef and fries.  Maybe I'll try one of the breaded chicken sandwiches, too.Today I was watching "Hot Dog Paradise" on the Travel Channel. First, they went to Nathan's. I guess they had to.Then Pink's in LA. I'll go there one day.On to The Varsity in Atlanta. It was ok, I guess.In my head I was wondering, when, oh when, are they going to Chicago?! And then they did. And they went to Superdawg. Ok. Fine. Whatever.I decided then and there to review Portillo's. THIS is the best Chicago dog. In the entire country. There's nothing like that snap when you bite into one. Their relish is amazing. The whole package is just...to die for.Go here. Eat your weight in dogs. Take 'em through the garden. And eat a pound of their crinkle fries, they're truly amazing. God. I'm salivating.Bless you, Portillo's bless you.SOLID!If you're looking to experience a Chicago Dog in Chicago, Portillos is one of the places that does it right.  I've been here several times and never have had a bad meal here.  The line does get long, especially around lunch time.  Don't worry it does move rather fast.  After you place your order, you're herded into an area where they call your order number when your food is ready.  Most of the time you'll hear singing, rhymes, raps when they call an order number.  It's super entertaining and makes waiting for your food so much more enjoyable!Da Food:Chicago Dog - Well executed.  The ingredients are always fresh.  You can never go wrong with a Chicago Dog from Portillo's.Italian Beef - pretty good considering this is a hot dog joint!  Don't get me wrong, it is really tasty and delicious.  The flavor is good and the au jus adds a nice layer of flavor both the beef and roll.Combo Beef & Char-Grilled Sausage - My go to order when I'm a bit on the hungrier side.  Combining their awesome italian beef with a char-grilled sausage is always the best answer to cure your hunger.  It's less than $5!  The sausage is always grilled to perfection.  The skin of the sausage is always crispy and the inside remains juicy and tender!  For me, this is a must have!Chocolate Cake Shake - Don't expect to drink this shake all by yourself.  Basically it's their delicious chocolate shake with chunks of chocolate cake in it.  It's super rich and chocolatey.  It has really good flavor, but for me is just a little too much chocolate.  It's like diabetes in a cup!  Share with your friends, you won't regret that decision!Portillos is the perfect place for a quick and cheap meal!  Not many things on the menu are over $5 and all are pretty filling in their own right.  This is also a great spot to take visitors from out of town that are looking to immerse themselves in hot dogs and italian beef!Our taxi driver convinced us to go here. The place was packed and had a nice vibe. You order and pay for your food, then find a table to sit. We tried their normal hot dog and didn't see anything special about it. Their milkshakes looked good, but I was still full from the wings...Portillo's, Portillo's, Portillo's.Its a tourist trap but a must.  They are open late and its really cheap to eat.  You can get a Chicago dog or get what I do which is the oven baked spaghetti.  The food here is served cafeteria style so its not a fine dinning experience.Its great for a quick meal before you hit the down and pound the drinks.  I think this is a must prior to drinking it up in the city.Yummmmm.Lunch time lines are long here, but they have workers going down the line writing your orders on paper bags to help expedite the service. I think it's more psychological than actually efficient.. or it just makes you decide faster.Anyhow, I accidentally got addicted to this place.. and ate here (everyday?) for almost a month before I finally needed a break. Bad me. I was eating here so much my coworkers bought me a gift card...**What you must order: Maxwell St. Polish + fries + chocolate cake shake.**And just incase you're a retard like myself, it's Maxwell Street Polish. For that first month of addiction I kept ordering the Maxwell Saint Polish. I dunno!Extra Tip: And if you want to try something at neighboring Barnelli's, you *must* try their vodka rigatone. I've been addicted to tomato vodka sauce ever since...I wanted to satisfy my craving for a hot dipped beef but, to be fair, I wanted t try some vendors other than Mr Beef.  Today, while out running errands I happened upon Portillo's (OK, I drove half way across town to Portillo's).Parking is a pain in the neck, but once inside the restaurant is cute.  I thought the cheese fries and hot dog were outstanding, and the ladies expediting behind the counter really made my visit a good one.But for a hot beef, I'll be heading back to Mr. Beef next time.  Portillo's just didn't have the same... something.  The bread, beef and giardiniera were all there, but the bread wasn't as chewy, the jus not as meaty, and the beef not as tender. I'm glad I tried it, but to sate my hot beef craving, next time I'm driving right on by.What's it like eating a fully loaded hot dog around 12am in the morning?  Pure bliss and deliciousness.  Never had I had a hot dog that contained so much fixins'.As it was my first time eating the Portillo Everything Hot Dog,  I struggled to keep the ingredients on the hot dog and was surprised at how every ingredient fit in the bun (just barely).  During one of my bites, the pickle flipped up and hit me in the nose, as if the hot dog was mocking me...I'll let you have the win this time hot dog, but next time, I won't be so forgiving!When I went home, it took me a few handwashes to get rid of that hot dog smell out of my hands.  If I didn't, I would have eaten my fingers.This is my favorite restaurant of all time. I love this place so much, this is what I had for my birthday in 2008! And yes, I love it so much that I don't want to eat it everyday because I don't want to get tired of it. Great plan, huh?I love the old fashion look that each Portillo's has. The quality of the food is consistent, but each location has it's own uniqueness. Gotta have my Italian beef with hot peppers and fries with a cup of cheese and ketchup. The tuna sandwich, chocolate cake, and shakes are pretty solid as well!Can't wait until my next birthday! =DThe only thing I wish they had was a private parking lot. I once drove around for 30 minutes looking for parking! You guys still get 5 stars! It's that good!!!PS: NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM!I headed out to Chicago for a youth leadership conference (HOBY - Hugh O'Brian Youth Leadership - shameless plug!).  Unfortunately, my schedule was rather hectic and I knew that I would have few opportunities to try some new places, disappointing in a "Yelp worthy" city like Chicago!Well, wouldn't you know it. . .while I was searching thru some reviews I came across Portillo's which was two blocks away from my hotel.  So, I decided to skip the "bored/board lunch" and run over there in between meetings.  I have to first admit that I was expecting to find more of a dumpy, dive looking place when in fact is was clean, and felt more like a larger fast food joint.  I was expecting to encounter a line and was able to walk right up. . .though I will have to admit that I was a bit confused over the ordering process.  But once I figured that out, I ordered the Portillo's special hot dog, fries and a chocolate cake shake.  Pretty much the classic fare here (though there are several great options).The fries were fairly basic.  The shake was really good. . .but I don't want to talk too much about it because my wife will get upset.  So I will stick to the dog.  Interestingly enough, it comes dressed with the regular fixings plus a pickle and hot peppers.   Interesting.  Not sure I liked it.  But many do and I can't ding a place because I ordered the hotdog with things that I normally wouldn't put on it. Instead I will review it on the quality of the dog and the bun, which were both amazing!  Great taste, the right "snap" on a steamed bun.  It was definitely a better than average experience.So, if you find yourself in Chicago, or are lucky enough to live there. . .stop by!  Oh, I hear that the Italian Beef sandwich is killer as well.YELP OBSERVATION:  You have to wonder how many owners or friends of owners try to buffer reviews on Yelp.I would say I was disappointed.  The dog was okay, but good enough to be marked as  a destination spot?  IMO No.But obviously my review goes against the majority of reviewers here so I suggest trying for yourself.  Maybe I just don't know how to judge a good dog.yummmmmm!!! We had the Chicago Dog and it was sooo good. We also ordered cheesy fries...interestingly enough, they give you the cheese separately, not sure why...but overall this place was great. So tasty!Seriously over-rated fast-food dog place. Atmosphere plastic and contrived. "Jumbo" dog must have been named by a guy with "small feet".  Seriously, you can do much better that this. Across the street from McDonalds for a reason...Portillo's is where I'm at every time I go back home :) My boyfriend & I were staying downtown in an expensive hotel that had whack prices for room service at night so why not walk over for some tasty sandwiches/hot dogs?!I ordered the italian beef for my dinner & grilled tuna sandwich for breakfast the next day, my boyfriend ordered the chicken club & beef n cheddar croissant for breakfast. The italian beef was amazing; simple italian beef with sweet peppers, yumm!!  It makes me sad that Vegas doesn't have any places that has good italian beef. The grilled tuna sandwich was great; at first I thought I had the wrong order & had chicken :P The tuna had flavor, the lettuce was still crisp & the bread wasn't soggy in the morning :) I wanted to turn around to ask how my boyfriends food was but he inhaled both before I could ask. We did order cheese fries but since we ordered it to go, the cheese was on the side. The cheese was nice & thick, ahhh.. Vegas sucks! haha just kidding. Portillo's is always great & super cheap. The decor was cool too, lots of famous athletes/local celebrities have pictures & autographs around the restaurant. I'll see you next time I'm in Chicago!Amazing. I'm not a huge fan of hot dogs, but these were delicious. My friend and I split the chili cheese dog and the classic Chicago dog. To be honest, I'm not a huge fan of the ingredients on a Chicago dog, so I preferred the chili cheese (because honestly, how can you NOT love chili cheese anything?), but they were both of excellent quality. The buns were super soft, which I LOVE.Another friend ordered the chocolate cake and we all tried it. Oh my god. AMAZING. I don't even remember what it was made of anymore, but it was incredible. I understand why it has the reputation it does.A must see in Chicago. This was kind of like a carnival. There are hundreds of people in this place so at first the lines are intimidating but I have NEVER seen people move so fast! They must have an awesome system of getting things out super quick. Plus they call out everyones name in a fun rhyming way over a loud speaker "number 9, your orders fine" "Number ten please come again" its pretty fun. The food was amazing and the shakes are too!I am not a beef person, I try not to make a habit to going to restauraunts like Portillo's, but this is just one of those few places where I go ahead and break  all my rules. If you are going here, just do it right. Clog as many arteries as you can! Get the Italian beef with the peppers stuffed in there, get the fries and for the love of god; get the chocolate cake shake!The food is really good enough to indulge in every now and then, it is one of those places where you love and hate yourself for doing it. Fuck McCdonalds, if you are going to block the passage of blood to your heart you best do it with Portillo's.I'm originally from California, but I had the opportunity to visit the city of Chicago when my cousin sent me an invite to her wedding. I learned that they were planning their honeymoon later in spring, which allowed them to stay in town and continue to visit family and friends. I was one of the lucky ones.As foodies, we had discussed food a few times that weekend together and decided as a "last meal" in Chicago, we would get a Chicago hot dog! Since we were near downtown, my cousin suggested Portillo's.We found parking on the street and I was soon faced with this large brick building with a drive-through. There is a large dining area inside and outside. Inside, there are several counters where you can order the types of food you want. There is everything from sandwiches to pizza to hotdogs; just Chicago good eats.My cousin suggested the Italian Beef sandwich and the Chicago Hot Dog. My boyfriend, sister, and I ordered one of the Italian beef, two of the hog dogs, and small sides of french fries and onion rings.The Italian beef is a bread roll dipped in au jus sauce, then filled to the brim with seasoned roast beef, and topped with sweet peppers. Biting into it was a wet delicious meaty mess; the sweet peppers gave a nice tang to every bite. I would definitely recommend ordering it with extra sweet peppers only because it felt incomplete when they were gone.There's a little window where you can watch the hot dogs being made. A long hot dog wrapped in a poppy seed bun, drizzled with mustard, and topped with onions, tomato, a large pickle, and spicy sport peppers. One bite and I was in pure hot dog heaven. The blend of sweet and juicy with a small kick from the sport peppers made me want to move in Chicago and enjoy this all the time.The french fries and onion rings were crispy and tasty as well, perfect compliments to the hot dog and sandwich.I'm sure there are lots of other great hot dog places in Chicago, but Portillo's in downtown did not disappoint.I'm originally from NY, I had no clue that Portillo's Hot Dogs ever existed. And now that I know, I kinda feel cheated, that I went 24 years without a Italian Beef Sandwich with sweet peppers and Mozzarella Cheese.Yes, cheated, like the middle child. (I'm a middle child by the way, so I know this way of life, oh too well)The sandwich is to die for! There are many options, unfortunately not as many as a Whooper, but the place definitely allows you to have it your way. From Hot Peppers, to Sweet Peppers to a choice of Cheese, of how dry or wet you want your sandwich.Fries are great, but might I recommend asking from some honey mustard, believe me you won't regret it. Awesome!Overall,  a great experience, I think I'm headed there again tomorrow!I FREAKIN' LOVE PORTILLO'S. I always get the jumbo hot dog and cheese fries and they never fail me. You MUST try the chocolate cake and/or chocolate cake shake. Both are absolutely to die for. BEST chocolate cake I've ever eaten. Seriously.I walked 5 blocks just to eat here. I love it!You can sit around and argue about who has the best hot dogs and/or Italian Beef sandwiches. I won't argue with you - it's highly likely that other joints have better hot dogs and sandwiches. But where else can you get both + ribs + chopped salad + pasta + pizza + CHOCOLATE CAKE SHAKE??!? Nowhere else~!Portillo's is a landmark. It's great because of the options, and nothing tastes horribly bad. I especially especially recommend the CHOCOLATE CAKE SHAKE. If you haven't tried it, you're missing out.As tourists, we were drawn to this place by the excellent yelp reviews. Excited to try the famous Chicago hot dog, we quickly walked here from Michigan Ave, which was approximately a half mile walk.This was more like a food court atmosphere. As tourists, we were expecting an actual restaurant. Be prepared to order as if you were at McDonald and to clean up after yourself too. The hot dog itself was good, but nothing special. Poppy seed bun, hot dog, & toppings. I could have made it myself at home. Not only that, but the lady who took our order wasn't exactly friendly. The fries weren't bad, but they weren't good either. The onion rings, however were excellent. Next time I visit Chicago, I wouldn't make the extra effort to go here.  All in all, this is a tourists trap. Even though the walk was short, it wasn't worth it at all.Beefy goodness! Got the Chicago hot dog. Love how it is loaded. They should do this in NYC!Throughout my 24 years of life, I have been dominating dogs from Portillo's for as long as I can remember - the number of visits has got to be in the hundreds. Their hot dog is and will forever be a taste of home, a taste of Chicago.   The best birthday present I have ever received? Easy-peasy.   On my 21st birthday, while attending college in Ohio, my sister had an authentic box of Portillo's hot dogs with all of the toppings shipped to my house.  Without question, it was the best birthday gift, ever.Last night the quest began.  Accompanied by one of my best friends and a fellow hot dog lover, I knew I had a simple, yet perfect Sunday night meal ahead of me. There was no need to look at the menu this time around, I walked up to the counter and ordered a hot dog with everything on it, regular cheese fries, and a medium diet coke. Upon my first bite, I welcomed the ideal "snap" that occurs when biting into a well prepared 100% beef hot dog, the bun was steamed to perfection, and the toppings were generous.  The only downside to a Portillo's hot dog is the lack of celery salt.  I love a good sprinkling of celery salt, and Portillo's gets points docked for that one.  Everyone knows a hot dog's best friend is a carton of French fries - and my cheese fries were delish.  Portillo's crinkle cut fries are always light brown in color and generously salted; paired with my unique mixture of cheese sauce and ketchup and they were a serious home-run. Overall, I give Portillo's a round of applause.  Their food is constantly good, time after time. Even though, I know it's not the best hot dog out there, it was still fabulous and I enjoyed every bite.  Portillo's was the perfect place to start my journey.After a long flight from the UK to Chicago what more can you ask for that to immediately visit Portillos for a Chicago Hot Dog with everything on.These are like no hotdogs i've ever tasted and required me to visit on another occasion during our stay. The fries were also great but sadly I didnt have room fro one of the legendary choc malt shakes - oh well it at least gives me an excuse to come back to Chicago! No trip to Chicago is complete without a trip to PortillosMy alternative to Hot Doug's (see my review).  It was just average.  Decent atmosphere, but it really didn't have that Chicago hot dog dive feel that I was looking for.  Service is alright - Had to wait a while for a guy to go to the beer section to serve me.  The deal on beer is phenomenal though.  It's a pretty 24 oz premium beer for like 6 bucks.  Won't go back unless I am looking to just grab some quick food and some beers - definitely not a must visit place.The hotdogs, onion rings and French fries with cheese are all worth going to Portillo's for but if you want excellent you need to go with the beef sandwich!  You get your choice of cheeses and sweet & hot pepper mixes-I would highly recommend both kinds of peppers, the sweet & hot combination is amazing!  They dip the entire sandwich is hot au jus; it is a perfect balance is savory, spicy, and sweet and the cheese helps to hold the whole thing together!  The atmosphere in the place just screams fun!  The staff really move and the ladies calling out order numbers are full of energy!  You cannot help but have fun at this place!!!One important thing to know is they expect you to know what you want to order by the time you get to the register, no dilly-dallying so be prepared... It will be worth the hurry!!!I believed the hype and came here back in March when I went to visit Chicago, the birthplace of the most wonderful hot dog.I can't remember anything spectacular about this dog or the gaudy atmosphere (I get that it's their schtick but it's not even good), but I remember the bun being cold, soggy and weak as hell and splitting in half within a few bites. It did not hold my hot dog for very long.  Some of their toppings were either too big (the pickle spear) or not enough (the mustard and/or celery salt), and it just made the Chicago dog, which is a truly amazing thing in general, seem too busy.  WTF?  It should be a balanced dog of perfection.It was A-OK and that's it, and I'd rather go back to the hot dog truck near the Field Museum again, which is exactly what I plan on doing when I return later this month.AL's is better in my opinion, but I did like that there was a no bread optionI had an Italian beef sandwich the meat was so dry it was not good at all. I still gave them two star because my husband really enjoyed there hotdogs.Portillo's is kind of kitchy, kind of historic, kind of cool, and very delicious. Between be and 3 friends, we tried to taste a variety of items. Right off that bat, ordering can be kind of confusing because there are different stations for different items. There's a line where it's the only place you can order the salad, then there is a different line for beer. We all split up and went to work. We tried the Chicago dogs, the Italian beef sandwich, and the chopped salad, topped off with a pitcher of beer. The Chicago dog was really good. The pickle was a nice fresh touch. The beef sando was also good, although a little soggy. Now what really blew my mind was the chopped salad. We ordered this salad only as a balancer since we were eating for unhealthy in Chicago. But it ended up being the most delicious thing we ordered. I'm happy some people recommended this on yelp because I never would have thought about it myself. The flavor was really good and the little macaroni rings soaked up the flavor well. I'm sure it wasn't the healthiest salad, but it tasted really really good. Also, it was a good enough portion for 4 people to share and get appetizer portions. There's plenty of seating here. I would opt for the second floor where they get plenty of lighting. One of the highlights of the Chicago trip!I first tired Portillo's in college with a friend from Downer's Grove, and I haven't stopped eating it since. Even my dad, who is an incredibly picky eater, is able to find something new to try every time he visitsTastes similar to a street hot dog. It was only 2.50 and well worth it. They have all other types of food choices inside like italian, cheese steaks, etc if someone doesn't want a hot dogIf u need a quick bite and avoid a long wait go here u won't be disappointedGreat hot dogs beer and frozen custard.  What else do you need? These are all over the US but here is thw best.I didn't know cheese and fries could be so good! Like all the other reviewers have said this place really is good and worth a stop. The Chicago style dog was delicious as are the shakes.  The line goes fast and the wait for your food is just as fast. I ended up coming here twice during my brief say in Chicago just because it was so cheap for such great food.One word...ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! Okay, so that's 2 words, but you cannot say enough about this place. Great atmosphere, wonderful service, and the location is nice too. Got some great pics to bring back from Cali. And I would strongly suggest you try the hot dog with pickles, onions and mustard. OMG! You won't be disappointed-that dog bites back. : )I would trade McDonald's and Burger King FOR LIFE if I had access to a Portillo's. You know how people cream all over In-and-Out and then when you get it, it's just an above average burger? Portillo's shares the creaming characteristic but when you eat that Italian beef sandwich, you will make weird noises. Look, you're already eating unhealthy. Get the fries, get cheese sauce, get some soda, and understand the possibility of a $10 meal being the best meal of your life.Oh yeah, skip the hot dog, bros.When our attempts at eating at Hot Doug's failed us (those SOB's close at 4 pm!) we had to grab a dog before we left town.  Portillo's was on the way back to our hotel so we stopped in to see what this "Chicago Dog" fuss was all about.The layout was a little unexpected but we found our way to the proper counter and ordered two of the Portillo Dogs.  We sat down, got half way through, and looked at each other, unimpressed.  I don't like pickles or green peppers and gave mine to the BF so I didn't get the full flavor but even he didn't get it.  It's a lot of texture but not much flavor.Oh well.The night of my Portillo's visit was one of the last days in Chicago. As such, we were trying to eat everything we could in a short amount of time. At the time, our stomach capacities afforded us one Chicago style hot dog, one Chicago style beef sandwich, and a shared cake shake.There is SO much variety that it can be overwhelming. We stayed focused and kept our eyes on the prize.The hot dog is so good. The bun is so melty. The toppings were crispy and valuable additions to my typical NY style dog. This has convinced me that my beloved NY dog can't hold a light to Chicago's dog. The Chicago beef sandwich can be compared to Philly's cheesesteak. It's less greasy and more beef-juicy, less cheesy. I prefer Philly over Chicago, but that's because I go with Whiz.Anyway, if you're visiting Chicago, this is a great entry-level dog.There's a Portillo's by my parents' house in the suburbs. It gets so busy at lunch that there are cops standing around on Higgins, directing traffic in and out of the place.For a hot dog stand, that's pretty awesome.Hell, for anywhere, that's pretty awesome.Portillo's doesn't disappoint. Service is fast, the place is clean, the dogs are good. And if you're not super hyped about hot dogs, there's the Barnelli's side of Portillo's with awesome salads (the garbage salad is fantastic) and pastas and things of that nature. Similarly, Portillo's also does chicken sandwiches and burgers, both of which are excellent.I had a hankering for a real Chicago dog...what I got was a wet bun filled with sport peppers, diced onions, sliced tomato, mustard, and a skinny boiled dog sandwiched sloppily on the aforementioned wet poppy seed bun. Awesome.....I've had better dogs in places that looked like a roach motel. I dug the whole - everything under the sun menu and efficient drive thru, but the dog was a real trash heap. The onion rings and lemonade were average fare. Maybe i need to try something more generic like a  burger or bowl of pasta, or salad next time...its like a drive thru Cheesecake Factory!Tourists aside, this place is delicious!  (Tourists DO taste good though..)I brought my new-to-town cousin here after we struck out on 2 solid Chicago dog experiences.  (Both Hot Doug's AND the Vienna Beef Factory Store were closed)  We were in search of a "classic" Chicago dog experience, and I think portillos served it up real nice like.  He got a regular Chicago Dog.  I, the Italian Beef w/ Sweet Peppers and American cheese.  It was salty, juicy, messy and glorious.  Top w/ a small side of cheese fries and wash down w/ a diet coke?  Check.  I'll go back one of these days.  Portillos gets 4 stars for taste.  There MUST be other, more fun places though.  The search continues...Beef, hot, dipped; cheese fries.  Great stuff, and dare I say that the more famous Philly cheesesteak has got nothing on an Italian beef.  Portillo's knows it rocks too...the drive-thru service is quick and efficient...though do everyone a favor and go inside if you have a large order.  Some of us are hungover and need our food!Though I have to say that today, my sandwich did not arrive dipped.  My thirst for meat juice has not been quenched....Anything less than a five star review of this Chicago staple is probably going to get me death threats, but I'm sorry - I just don't see the appeal. Yes, it's different than anything else I've ever eaten and the flavor was certainly there, but it isn't the most visually appealing place and the ordering/pickup process was difficult to understand for a non-native Chicagoan. Presentation needed some help.Having read the reviews before, I knew to go with the Italian beef sandwich. I also got some cheese fries (which are actually just crinkle cut fries with a small styrofoam cup you get to pour yourself). Drinks were a challenge - you get those separately from a different area.I chose to eat the sandwich in the restaurant (as opposed to taking it back to the hotel). After unwrapping it from the paper, it was over stuffed with sliced beef and a couple of peppers (choose hot or sweet), but the bread was soaked through with au-jus. This was not a sandwich you can put down and pick back up again as it was falling apart - you either eat the whole thing straight or you go get a knife and fork!I also took a piece of chocolate cake to go. It was fresh and fluffy and moist with a lot of delicious icing on top. Excellent and this saved it from a three-star review.Would I come here again? Yes, but I'll have to try something other than this sandwich. While I was waiting for my order, I watched the hot dog assembly line - those looked great!My friend recommended that I not get my Chicago hot dog fix at the ballparks I was headed to.  So, I came here.I had a couple of their dogs with everything, which is mustard, relish, chopped onions, sliced tomatoes, a kosher pickle spear and sport peppers.  The wiener itself was wonderful.  The perfect pop when you bite into it.  The poppy seed bun was nicely steamed.  All together, a damn good hot dog.The service was very friendly too.  The cashier smiled.  The woman calling out the order numbers made me laugh.  Good food and cheap too!Mmmm. Yum yum.One of the first places I heard to visit when I came to Chicago, was Portillo's. Never having a "Chicago hotdog" or even anything closely related to it, I jumped on this opportunity.I visited both this Portillo's and the one in Skokie, over the course of two days and tried two of the main staples.Chicago branch:First, I tried the Italian Beef sandwich. This bread stuffed full of beef was super moist! I liked it because it was slightly peppery. Another plus, was that meat was not too dry. Usually I have a probably with the meat being dry- but this one was quite juicy. Mmm. It was big, but I ate it all.I liked the atmosphere as well. As it's more of a fast food type of restaurant, it reminded me vaguely of a college campus food court. It was quick and the food came out quick as well.Only gripe I had about this sandwich was that the way it was wrapped + amount of oil in it, was horrible. This sandwich was so horribly wrapped- as I tried to unwrap it, all the juices and oil started flowing all over my hands, dripping onto the table, etcera. Additionally, the bread was even slightly soggy in places that related to the oil and juices.Skokie branch:Secondly, I tried the famous Portillo's Beef Hot Dog. I got "everything" on it, as I'm not a picky eater. It came with onions, mustard, a long pickly, tomatoes, jalopenos, and other items. I especially liked the poppy seed bun- made it an interesting eat. As I have no idea what makes a "Chicago hotdog so good," I'm not sure how this hot dog appeared to other hot dog places.. but to me, it just tasted like a regular, slightly beefier hotdog, with good toppings. Worth it? Perhaps... but it was not mind blowing at all.Tried the fries.. and they were already. Quite potato-y, but could have used more salt, and I was hoping it would come out hotter.Everything else was fine though.Portillo's is the best alternative to the hot dog stand. Just with better dogs, better toppings and better sides. It's definitly worth passing up the hot dog man.I'm not a big fan of hot dogs but if I visit Chicago, I gotta try some chicago style hot dogsI ordered their famous Portillo's Beef Hot Dog with everything on it...my first hot dog in Chicago...& it did not disappoint :)With 500+ reviews, there's no need to add to the discussion of the food.  I do want to bring their catering option to everyone's attention.  We recently had a birthday party, and ordered Italian beef sandwiches to go.  They give you the aus ju in a big plastic tub, the meat, bread and peppers all separately.  At home, I heated up the juices and put the meat in, everyone got to make their own sandwiches and soak it or wet it to their own liking.  It was a really huge hit!Next time, I will pickup the chocolate cake to go too!I don't think I will ever make a hot dog like I used to again... Chicago makes dogs the right way, and Portillos in partcular REALLY hit the spot.  I got it loaded, of course, and had a beer.Really friendly staff.I was in Chicago briefly and made it a point to try out Portillo's. The hot dogs are TRULY A REVELATION! I never even dreamed that hot dogs could be so juicy and flavorful. Fully 24 hours later, I'm still smiling about it.After the 2 minutes of hot dog bliss, I still had some stomach space, so I got right back in line to try the Italian beef sandwich. It was not MILES better like the hot dog was compared to the other hot dogs I've had in my life, but this sandwich was as good as (if not slightly better) than all the excellent cheesesteaks I had while living in Philly. The amazing French roll with perfect blend of crunch and softness is better than the cheesesteak/hoagie-type roll.I also had the chocolate cake shake which was good, but not super special. I would rather have allocated the marginal space in my stomach towards a few more bites of that Italian beef sandwich or another hot dog. =PWhenever I get to town I always try to stop at Portillo's for a hot dog. But this place is so much more than that.  It's an experience. It has great friendly ambiance and really tries to make you feel welcome, which is a Chicago trademark.I was staying in the area so went back one night for a light soup and another night for a salad, both of which were great. Nice portions, good prices, great food. What else could I want? Can't wait to go back!I was limiting myself to one meal a day (since I was eating more than usual) and never made it to the Italian Beef, because I wanted to get to Al's down the street.The quality of food is superb - tasty and fresh. Not to mention, they have the service down to a science. If you see a line, don't be discouraged, it moves fast and they won't mess up your order.One of my favorite things to order is their chopped salad. They have a great house dressing. The cheeseburgers have a great flamed-licked taste and their crinkle fries are entirely cravable. Order them with a side of cheese if you're feeling extra bold.Hubby and I were on Mag Mile when we stopped in the Garmin store and started playing with their new GPS gadgets.  Using the search for nearby restaurant function, I saw that Portillo's was only a few walkable blocks away, so off we went.It looks intimidatingly like a real sit down restaurant, but once you go inside you'll see that it's really a food court style casual place (ie: not everyone in your party needs to order something in order to sit down after a tiring walk on Mag Mile).  Barnelli's and Portillo's have two separate lines, as well as a separate line on its own for liquor.  Barnelli's offers salads, pastas and other fare, while Portillo's focuses only on encased meat and hamburgers.Hubby and I ordered the Chicago dog and the Maxwell Street Polish dog as well as an order of french fries.  We absolutely LOVED the Polish dog but didn't care for the Chicago dog.  It is pretty obvious after Hot Doug's and Portillo's that we dislike Chicago style dogs and much prefer NY dogs.Oh, free refills for soft drinks!  The people are super nice too.The atmosphere is very casual and inviting and gives a Boardwalky type of feel.  I can totally see this as the IT place after games.We went to this place because it was close by. I ordered the fries, chili cheese dog, and the Italian beef sandwich.I was disappointed by the chili cheese dog. It tasted like one I could get anywhere. Maybe I should have ordered it Chicago style. The only thing I really liked about it was the bun. The fries were good, but you can find fries anywhere. The italian beef was what yelp recommended, but it was too spicy for me. The meat was dry, but there was a good amount of it. I liked the bun too. It was the kind with sesame seeds on it. Overall, maybe I just ordered the wrong thing there. Next time, I'll go for a real hot dog.The chicago hot dogs here was good.  The dog was plump, juicy and filling.  The toppings with it were fresh and definitely enhanced the Chicago dog's appeal.  I also got a pizza here (thin crust) which was fine by any measure (a bit cool though, the cheese wasn't as melty melty as I'd like coming out of the oven).  My friends also got some ribs, which were quite delectable.  They fell off the bone, and was tasty.  Come here for the casual atmosphere, the beers, the open seating, and to take part in a fine Chicago establishment.  But don't come too often, you'll have to buy a new (larger) wardrobe.This is really a 3.5-star rating. Their Chicago style hot dogs tasted great and clean. I didn't get the nasty old-cooking-oil taste as I did with Weiner's Circle so I liked that. However, if you take away that nasty taste, Weiner's Circle's dogs may be just slightly more flavorful. I have yet to find my favorite place for the Chicago style hot dog. The search continues...I can't believe this place gets 4 stars...makes me wonder how many actual hot dog places in Chicago they tried?First, disclaimer: I am vegetarian, so did not try the dogs myself, but I went with 2 friends who did. Judging by the looks on their face when they ate the dogs, I think they'd wholly agree with my rating...Also, I asked them if they have veggie dogs, and they yes, but when it arrived, it wasn't a veggie dog - it was bun with only veggie toppings on it! I wasn't in mood to take it back and argue with them at that point, so I just shove it down and vow never to come back here again.On the plus side, the bathrooms are clean...I don't think you could visit Chicago as a tourist and NOT go to Portillo's hot dog. Its like tourist city and me being a tourist enjoyed every minute of it.From the outside I totally thought it was going to be more dressy- I think the written chalk board threw me up for fancy-ness or something.  When you go in its like a food court. You walk up to what you want to eat weather an Italian sub, Chicago style hot dog, Italian sub, pizza, etc.  The first 3 are some of the things that Chicago is known for- you order and you find your own table and you're good. Going here during Labor Day weekend the weather was so nice so we ate outside. Its huge portions so I definitely did not have to order as much but I needed to taste everything!  I had the Chicago style hot dog of course which was awesome. Its seriously a salad in a hot dog without ketchup. Thats like the rule. NO KETCHUP.  Then cheese fries and some potato soup. I was so full so I'm glad we walked it off by going to the Hancock Observatory. I swear everything is such a great walking distance downtown.One of my favorite places to eat at when I'm near downtown. My stomach always seems to expand when I enter their revolving doors. My typical order consists of an italian beef with hot peppers, chicago style dog, and a seasonal beer served in an icy chalice. For a measly $15, I feel like a king. With my graduate student budget, it's the perfect place to be since everything else downtown is so expensive. Granted it's not the healthiest of meals, but it's always a good time.We were staying at Embassy Suites and wanted to grab a bite to eat so I took my Mom over to Portillos since she's never had a Chicago Dog. Granted, it's a chain restaurant but it was the closest to the hotel. I always love going into non-chain Chicago restaurants, they always have original or close to original decor plastered all over the walls. Portillos, of course, had designed their restaurants too look as such. Very nice. The two kids at the counter were annoying, I say kids because they were no older than 16. They kept commenting on a 12-pk of Coke that I had just bought from Walgreens just across the street. It was pretty rude but I didn't really let it bother me, they were just annoying lol. I loved the Dog, as I always do and so did my Mom! Success!Portillos is a Chicago institution. Yes, it's a fast food chain, but it's the BEST fast food chain. They're known for their hotdogs which are best ordered with "everything" (and no, that doesn't include ketchup), but you can't go wrong with any of the following: Italian beef, burgers, grilled chicken, chop salad, cheese fries, chili dogs, onion rings, chocolate cake and pretty much anything else. The only bad thing I've ever had from portillos was their chocolate cake shake, which was just too much. This particular location is difficult to get to- the El is a little far and parking is a mess in this part of town, hence the 4 stars instead of 5- but the drive thru is super fast and run well, so if you're picking up, it's not too bad. They cater their delicious food, too, and it's a great option for an easy way to entertain a large group at home.Both times I was here I ordered at the drive-thu, which was very convenient because there is a gas station right next door that you can immediately pull into and park. Oh thank Jesus for rent-a-cars because Portillo's Italian Beef Sandwish is so juicy and so meshy and so good that in the state of euphoria it put me in, I didn't care if I stained the interior of that car.Their Chicago style hot dogs are very good too. They have a good snap and a hint of garlic. One spicy Italian Beef sandwish, one large hot dog w/everything (including hot peppers), one large diet Coke and that gas station parking lot and I am set for the whole day until dinner. It's probably not your original local Chicago place; might be more for us tourists. But it is freaking good stuff.Portillo's is definitely a stop I have to take whenever I visit Chicago.  I've never been to this location and was surprised at how big it was and how ridiculously efficient they are.  It looks like a chaotic mass of people jostling each other near the food and order counter but somehow you're in and out without knowing exactly how it happened.  I got the classic italian beef sandwich, fries, and a drink.  The bread was nicely toasted, like they claim, the beef was tender and heaped on top (and I'm pretty sure they threw in even more), and the jus was hot and had more flavor that should be legal.  It was really messy, fun to eat, and overall amazingly tasty.Delicious and efficient. The workers are smiley, which always makes it a pleasant experience. I have never seen so many workers in one restaurant, there were workers serving cars outside, there were dozens of people behind the counters, I'm so amazed with this place. I've been to Portillo's twice now, and have no real complaints. The hot dogs can be a bit messy, be prepared, but that comes with what you're ordering anyway.The malts a bit too sweet, but you can just tell them to put less syrup in the drink.What a great place.  Helpful, friendly staff and great hot dogs.I was partial to the Maxwell st polish (loaded with grilled onion awesome-ness), but my Hubs could not get enough of the italian beef & sausage combo.You can't go wrong either way...so long as you include a chocolate cake shake with your meal. Decadent?  You bet!  But so good.Their drive thru still sucks so we opted to dine in, street parking was not bad at all around 1pm. The food of course is delicious! This location has better options to choose from on draft as opposed to suburban locations (blue moon, amstel). And they are now serving frozen custard..yum!!So, I was a tourist in Chicago. I have something against deep dish (don't hate), but I had to get a legit Chicago dog and some Italian beef, and this place was located mere blocks from my hotel. My beef, it was juicy and tasty and the bun disintegrated before I could finish it, but that's what you'd expect. My hot dog, though, that was a hot dog of amazingness. Sure, it gave me heartburn, but that's just because it loves me. My boyfriend got some fries and custard as well. We both approved highly of both. Basically, Portillos did right by these tourists, as it's supposed to.Mission: to find the best Chicago Hot Dog. In comparison to Hot Doug's, I'm not coming back to Portillo. It is conveniently located in downtown, but the hot dog did not compare to Hot Doug. Not sure if Portillo would have char boiled upon request, but Hot Doug's chicago dog came char boiled (which I prefer). If you can't make it out to Hot Dougs (it's farther), then Portillo isn't such a bad choice to try a Chicago Dog. 4 star for the chocolate cake shake!!! Vanilla shake with chocolate cake blended in. Not too chocolaty...and the best is when u run into chunks of cake that missed the blender.p.s. just learned that a true Chicago Hot Dog is not char boiled.Back to Chicago, back to Portillo's.  We went to Hot Doug's -2 hour wait.  Whatever.  People are so influenced by what their TV's say.  They had better be giving away Metallica tickets with the hot dog for that wait.  And I think people are moronic for waiting for ANYTHING that long.  I've eaten at Hot Doug's, good, but 2 hours no....back to Portillo's.  Excellent hot dogs and service is fast even though the place is busy.  I had an Italian beef here for the first time.  Excellent.  I may start eating these instead of the Chicago dogs.  Don't listen to the 'just tourists eat here' line, tell that to the army of policemen that was  scarfing down Italian beef sandwiches. This place is great if you want a little flavor of Chicago and a real Chicago dog.Order the Italian Beef (dippped) with peppers and you won't be disappointed. The beef is "real beef", not Arby's style mystery meat but is at fast food prices. It's cheap too and they have good fries/ice cream as well.  I wish Portillo's would franchise to the DC area. I could go for an Italian Beef sandwich about now.Portillos hot dogs are amazing.This is what a real Chicago dog is all about. A dog that snaps, mustard, 1/4 of a kosher pickle, onions, relish, peppers, and tomato on a poppy seed bun. I'm giving this the "Best Dog I Ever Ate" label. Not bad at all for under 3 dollars.Their Italian beef sandwich is pretty darn good as well. The sandwich is half dipped in au jus and filled with jardiniere. It's a good size sandwich for under 5 dollars.Their beer prices are also reasonable. This is a must stop if you are visiting Chicago!Great Chicago-style hot dogs!The doorman at our hotel recommend this place to us.  This was my first taste of true Chicago-style hot dogs and I'm a fan.  This is not your typical hot dog you've eaten all your life unless you're from Chicago.  Chicago-style hot dogs are topped with mustard, relish, freshly chopped onions, sliced red ripe tomatoes, kosher pickle and sport peppers piled onto a perfectly steamed poppy seed bun.  Those fresh tomatoes and peppers makes a world of difference on top of a hot dog.  Also had the Italian beef sandwich with sweet peppers and I'm also hooked.  Chicago is the food meca of the U.S.  Well maybe not, but there are so many good things to eat here.  They also ship a hot dog package so you can make it yourself, but I don't think I  want to take the risk.  I might have to plan a trip back here soon just to eat.  ^_^Charming in its own way, it sort of feels like you're in a Disneyland restaurant without the amusement park prices. The people who work there generally seem happy and excited to be there and serving us our food. The ambience is fun and definitely feels like a family place or some place you can get together for a very casual get together with a group of friends.The food here though was below expectations. After having eaten @ Al's, Portillo's we've discovered definitely "dips" their sandwiches less so than Al's. The polish sausage was good - the sausage was spicy and had great flavors, but the sweet peppers on both sandwiches were bland. We also got the chocolate cake based on some raving reviews and were disappointed. It tasted like a devil's food cake that you could have made from the box. But the good thing is that these things didn't bring the bank!Considering everything, I'd still go back if only because the people there are so happy and the place makes me smile. (Just try to stay away from the angry people who are wolfing down their food, looking like someone stole their wallets)Italian beef. There isn't much that needs to be said, but I'll say it anyway.Holy deliciousness. The Italian beef is the prize winning menu option, and there's certainly research to back that up (this returning customer, for instance). Get it with hot peppers and eat it right away, otherwise you may face some soggy bread issues, and well, no one likes soggy bread.I also write to forewarn fellow Yelpers of the age-old Chocolate Cake Shake dilemma. First off, this shake is amazing (chocolate cake blended into a chocolate shake). Secondly, the size. They only offer small or large, no compromising mediums available. I shared with a friend so we went large, but even that was a lot. If you're riding solo, for sure a small unless you don't plan on eating anything else.If I can even turn away from the Italian Beef, I'll try a chargrilled dog. Others indulged and vouch for it.The one thing my husband wanted when we visited Chicago was to have a true Chicago dog. What better place to go then Portillo's? I did not partake in the city inspired edible, but I did opt for the Italian Beef. It was absolutely delicious. Juicy, tender beef that dripped down my hands as I devoured it.I loved the multitude of options you had to choose from when you walk through the front door. I don't know if I would necessarily stop here on my next trip, but if we had new traveling companions, this is the first place I would stop.When I first walked in here I thought I made a mistake in choosing this place.  The atmosphere is a cafeteria style building with lots of seating, some upstairs, and condiment and napkin stands.  Several neon areas sort of direct you to the vendors with all the appeal of a mall cafeteria.  Not exactly great.I quickly headed over to get an Italian Beef on a recommendation.  Others got Reubens and other items.  As far as the beef, it was great with those peppers that I think make the sandwich.  It wasn't until I found out later though I should have had my sandwich DIPPED which it wasn't nor was that offered.My side of onion rings, even for a fast food joint, was quite small, although they were crispy and cooked just right.  Beer is served actually at another location, and it was hard to figure this out so it's a little confusing.I didn't grab a dog but the other items such as the sandwiches hit the spot as well.I like this location because it's nice and big and on two floors! It's in a great location and open late.I finally decided to be a little adventurous and try Portillo's hotdog with the pickle and peppers and I have to say it was pretty tasty! And of course, like a true Chicagoan, I did not add any ketchup! Good thing there's a Portillo's in SoCal to satisfy my Chicago hotdog cravings!Oh Portillo's! How I love thee! Let me count the ways. Your delicious milkshakes drive me crazy. Your hot dogs... Hmmm, this review is taking a turn for the worse. But really, I love everything about this place. My personal favorites are the cheese fries, the hot dogs and their chocolate shakes. But I've tried just about everything - Italian beef, sausages, grilled chicken sandwich, burgers, etc.  All of them are amazing! I've been going to Portillo's for at least 20 years and I plan on frequenting this place until my last breath. Definitely some of my favorite fast food in the world.Was wondering if I really needed to check this place out since it seemed like a "touristy" thing to do. Well, after walking around a bit and finding out that the wait times at other restaurants were going to be over an hour and a half, I looked on Yelp what restaurants were near by and Portillo's was listed. Looks like I did the "touristy" thing...but I'm glad!Got the beef hot dog ($2.45) and chocolate cake shake ($3.19) and I couldn't be happier or more fulfilled. The price was perfect, I wanted a no frills/chill place and the food was acceptable. There's plenty of seating and everything was run quite efficiently. Portillo's is located in a food court-type of place that is decorated with local memorabilia.If I come back to Chi-town, I'd have to make a stop at Portillo's!That chocolate cake shake has me hooked. I find myself on Ontario and Clark a whole lot more these days. But this review is for the food. Anyway, I want to take back my previous statement about the food. Yeah, it still is not appealling to me by any means, but I figured the chocolate chake shake was not enough nutrition for dinner and was tempted to buy a salad. I ordered the garbage salad, basically like an antipasto with a tacky name. It came with salami, provolone, radishes, celery, cherry tomatoes, roasted peppers, and olives tossed in a "sweet, but trashy" vinegarette. When I saw olives, I was sold. However, the olives were canned. Fail! The salad itself was decent: filling and tasty. The only reason I can't give it more stars is the price. I felt like I was jipped out of $10 for it and a diet coke,but I guess thats the cost for dining out.I wanted an authentic Chicago dog and I got one! I loved this place, it was very cute and I like the food court style of it. I got the hot dog, my boyfriend got the Italian beef and we finished it off with fries and a chocolate cake shake. The Italian Beef blew my mind away! I realized that there are 2 in CA and I will definitely be going there. The chocolate cake shake is their staple and I thought it was interesting with the cake bits in there but I prefer my shakes smooth.3.5 stars.Of the food items you are obligated to try while in Chicago (e.g. deep dish pizza, Italian beef sandwich, a classic Chicago dog), the Chicago dog was last to check-off on my list only because it just seems much simpler than other must try food items.  The fully dressed Chicago dog at Portillo's is good and it's cheap, not Costco hot dog cheap, but less than half the price of normal ball park prices for a dog.  The only thing I think that would make their hot dog better would be to grill the dog, that would put it over the top.  Also got the heavily advertised chocolate cake shake which was sweet deliciousness and one of the better shakes that I've ever had.  It was very sweet and satisfying but not overly sweet where you'd want a glass of water to wash it down.We were in Chicago for the first time this past weekend and wanted something quick (but good) for lunch after traveling all morning. Portillo's had been recommended by a friend so we went there. Between the two of us, we ordered a hot dog with everything, a chili cheese dog with onions, a jumbo chili cheese dog, large fries and two chocolate cake shakes. I love hot dogs and was happy with my choice of a jumbo chili cheese dog. My boyfriend tried both kinds and preferred the Chicago style hot dog with everything. The fries were good but heavy on the salt.. wasn't an issue for me but worth pointing out. The chocolate cake shakes were yummy and I really liked that they had pieces of cake in them. Definitely glad we decided to get those. It was just the right amount of food for us. When you go to Portillo's, expect a food court setup. The line looked long but moved quickly. Everything we got could be ordered at the main counter.Portillo's is such a cool place to visit. It has everything inside this quasi-food court space. They have pasta, sandwiches, hot dogs, soft serve and more. We just got their hot dog and chocolate cake shake since we just had deep dish for dinner. We can only eat so much in one night ;)The Portillo Dog we got has some pickles, hot peppers and really nice Vienna dog on it. It is quite refreshing and delicious even without all the ketchup and mustard to dress it up. I was very impressed. Obviously, this is no gourmet hot dog but I like the dog nonetheless. The chocolate cake shake is absolutely a winner. You can taste bits of chocolate cake inside! I don't think it is a good shake in terms of nutrition but if you love sweets, you cannot miss it!Got a tip from a Chicago friend to get a Chicago hot dog at Portillo's!  I'm not a huge hot dog fan but these are some doggers!!  Ordered the classic, chicago hot dog, topped with peppers, onions, etc. etc. and a pickle slice.  Here's a tip though... the hot dog isn't big, so I'd recommend getting the Jumbo dog, which is the same thing, but just a bigger dog!  I don't know if it was because I was in Chicago eating a Chicago hot dog or if Portillo's is that good, but this was one heck of a hot dog!!  The place itself is like a gigantic food court style with a lot of different options.  If hot dogs are not your thing, then you have the option of having a salad, there's a pasta counter too... and the steak sandwiches are also recommended as being amazing!  And apparently, they have the best chocolate cake!  I couldn't do it though, I chose instead to have two hot dogs!!What a place! I had no idea that the inside looked like a House of Blues/Knotts Berry Farm/Joes Crab Shack, LOL! We were able to order up a few Chicago dogs and the italian beef sandwich that Duke C. talked about! WITH PEPPERS! That was completely legit, I think that sandwich made the visit special. The dogs were good, don't get me wrong, but I've had better ;)I liked that you could sit anywhere, and the service was lightning fast!I'm not a huge fan of hot dogs, and this place had ok dogs.  I've been told that they are some of the best in Chicago, so perhaps I just lack proper appreciation.I tried the hot dog and the polish.  I actually preferred the polish because of the onions and meat.I also tried the Italian beef, which was ok.  Just a bunch of meat between two soggy buns.The food wasn't bad, it just wasn't awesome.  Once again, perhaps I just didn't get it.I had the Italian beef sandwich. I like it better than Al's. It was super greasy, but very delicious! The chocolate cake shake was too thick for me. Tasted like a piece of cake with a little milk and a ton of ice cream mixed in.Being from NJ, even I've heard a ton about Portillo's over the years.  I made it a point to come here on my most recent visit and try a Chicago dog (this was my first time having a Chicago style hot dog).  The place is an institution and run like a "lean" factory.  There is absolutely no waste in their processes.  When you walk in, it's a little overwhelming because the place is packed.  But, they do have people instructing you where to go.  You walk up to the cash register, place your order and then move to the area where your order is picked up.  Once it is ready, they announce your number and away you go (to eat, that is).  I had a regular Portillo's dog and a jumbo.  My wife and I also split an order of the fries.  I'll admit it - I'm not the biggest hot dog fan but these were awesome.  I'm a fan of the Chicago dog because of the toppings.  Tomatos, onions, relish, pickle, sport peppers and mustard (I may have missed something).  I did break a cardinal rule and put ketchup on my dog but it's still awesome.  The toppings were a great taste combination and the poppy seed bun was also a nice touch.  It's definitely much better than the generic hot dog rolls you can get anywhere.  Side note - I'm thinking about the whole no ketchup rule on a hot dog and I don't think it should apply to the Chicago dog since tomato is a standard topping.  Ketchup's a tomato based product so that doesn't make much sense.  I'll have to take it up with someone - not sure who.Even the fries were really good.  I actually can't remember the last time I had krinkle cut fries, but these were on point.  Hot, crispy and, like everything else, tasted phenomenal.  I really just don't see how you can beat this place.As for seating, the place is huge and has plenty of tables.  It's seat yourself and they have both upstairs and downstairs seating.  They also have a bar - beer, at least.  If you're in Chicago and a fan of hot dogs, definitely give this place a shot.  It is totally worth the trip.  And, the place is incredibly cheap.  It cost us about $14 for a nice sized lunch for 2.Portillo's hot dogs are amazing! And I'm not so much a hot dog person. But I would like to try every kind! I was not a fan of the soggy roast beef sandwich, though.A friend took me in here while I was visiting Chicago.  The place is  pretty cool inside, lots of stuff to see on the wall.  If you are a mobster you will like the history of the stuf hanging around.  The food was great, I had the beef and sausage combo, which is an Italian sausage piled high with beef on the top of it.  It was much better than I expected it to be, I just wish for the price it came with a side.Portillo's has always been a staple throughout Chicago and the suburbs and this one has to be the busiest around. Anytime I have guests in town I always take them here for a beef sandwich versus any other place. The only reason I didnt rate them a 5 is because of the wait, and hectic ambiance due to it's location. I typically go here for lunch and let me tell you, it's a madhouse. Yes, they do what they can to have people take your orders even ahead of the cash register but everything from when you walk in, to wait for your number to be called out, to grabbing your napkins/ketchup is a little over the top haha.Besides the lunch rush, this place is consistant with all other locations. Friendly staff, great food, and the seating is never an issue.Had the hotdog with everything and the Italian beef. Both were pretty good. I got a beer to pair it with and enjoyed myself. Affordable for dinner, ~$15. I would go back, they have a real menu with pasta and all, I wanna try those, looked good. And will prob try the fries and shake too.Hands down the place to go in Chicago for hot dogs The Italian beef (not a hot dog -but amazing) along with the polish dog were definitely my favorite. Make sure to ask for peppers as they truly do add a "sweet and hot" flavor. Would recommend this place to friends visiting Chicago in search of a good dog or Italian beef.The atmosphere is so awesome! I have never been to a place like this.  Lots of fun just to see them make it and call out your order.  The food is at a good price and taste is good not spectacular.Love this place, everything is good! ;")  Many thanks to regional establishments like Portillo's and Beggars Pizza... DELICIOUS!! ^_^  Portillo's is a Midwestern Chicagoland tradition.  They serve your typical American Flair including flame broiled burgers, onions rings that hold the onion, dble layer chocolate cake (highly recommended), big beef with extra au jus and peppers, and even yellow fin tuna sandwich among others.  The Barnelli's side makes the pasta and salad dishes ranging from chop salads to family size fettucini alfredo. Yes, there are shakes and sodas, other dessert choices and even alcohol for the over 21.   I even have gf living Los Angeles that is super excited they opened a location 45 minutes from her home.I went to Portillo's while on vacation in Chicago and was not a bit disappointed. They've got some seriously good hot dogs here. I definitely enjoyed my chili dog w/ fries. Hot dogs not your thing? They've also got burgers, chicken sandwiches, ribs, pasta, and much more! I wish I was in town longer to sample more of the menu! As far as restaurant environment goes, this place is so cute! It's two stories, and you almost feel like you're sitting in a bustling neighborhood alley.For years I resisted Portillo's. I thought that since it was a chain out in the suburbs that this place was somewhat of a sell out, I have strict opinions that hot dog joints should be rundown and independently owned...call me old fashioned. I finally went here after a friend was craving it and swore that I would not regret the decision of ordering dinner. Man, they were dead on. It was so f-ing good, and now I feel like a fool for wasting years of my life not frequenting this place. I never go for the hot dogs (see strict opinion mentioned above), but I will eat the chicken sandwiches, salads...and dear god the cheeseburgers and french fries. This place has one of the best fast food cheeseburgers I've ever had, it has the perfect balance of greasiness and fresh...which you can imagine is not easy to nail.A hangout place with nice greasy food right in front of you.Decor: It's dark and decorated with what I'd like to say Western feel. It reminds me a little bit of an amusement park restaurant. I liked it! It works like a food court, kind of.Food: I got the thinly sliced roast beef DIPPED (important!!!!!! The juice makes it sooooo juicy). I could barely hold it all in with the bun getting soggy too, but for someone that's not the greatest fan of roast beef, this was delish!!!! I also got onion rings, which were average. My friends got the hamburger (she claims is the best greasy burger she's had in her life) and cheese pizza (average).Bottom line: Come here with casual friends and don't be afraid to get down and messy :]I travel some for work.  When I travel I almost always travel alone so thus I eat alone etc.. Keep that in mind with pretty much all my reviews (unless the review is in Dallas).  Wow!  A friend of mine suggested this place as a must in Chicago.  I have really been trying to make healthier choices when it comes to food... but I decided what the heck and tried it.. OM capital Fg was it worth it.  I had the combo, a sausage in the middle of the Italian beef with spicy peepers.  It was unbelievably good.  It was the perfect cold weather food.  It was hot and steamy. The bread was soft and oozed sauce.  The beef and sausage were juicy and tender.  My mouth is watering thinking about it now.  I skipped the fries (remember healthy choices).  The dining room was a bit odd as it is set up like a food court.  They have lots of cool memorabilia like the actual Blackhawks banner from the 30's.  This was a great meal and a MUST for Chicago.God, I love Portillo's.  I love it so much.  It's pretty hard to dethrone it as my go-to hot dog place in Chicago.  I'm basing this on ease of getting to, how long the line takes, the awesome prices, and, oh yeah, the food.  It looks busy when you go in.  It is busy, but these people have it down to a science to ensure no grumbling stomachs or grouchy hungry customers.  The line is efficient and table turnover just about matches in terms of supply and demand.And the food!  This is a really good hot dog.  Steamed celery seed bun, red hot, your choice of toppings for not a million dollars.  Crispy onion rings and fries that are perfectly fried every time I've visited (and that's an embarrassing number).  And the chocolate shake!  Man alive, the chocolate shake.  It was the right consistency (does anyone actually like triple thick shakes?  I feel like it's just a marketing ploy encouraging food service laziness) AND has bits of their amazing chocolate cake throughout it.  GET IT.  You won't be sorry, that's a Christiana guarantee.For a solid Chicago hot dog experience, Portillo's is a favorite of mine every time.Best hot dog- hands down. Every time I go to Chicago, I get my hot dog fix from Portillo's. The jumbo hot dog is good. The cheese fries are ok. The Chili is horrible though. Don't order this. The Italian sausage sandwich is really really good also.Portillo's was an integral link in the chain of touristy stops made by my family in our grand Chicago adventure.  We walked in and instantly knew the score: we needed to split up if we were to conquer all the tasty goodness this place had to offer.Separating ourselves one-to-a-counter, we converged in the ample seating area with tray after tray of deliciously unhealthy treats.  Hotdogs, burgers, sausages, salads, sandwiches, and Italian beef forced us into head-lolling food comas, happily killing a couple hours from our tight itinerary.We decided to do the drive through, which was a bad idea. Ordered some jumbo dogs, drinks and fries, and went through the line. 20 minutes later, still no food. Why? I think they were out of jumbo dogs. They did not tell us why or when our food would come, they just kept giving other people their food and telling us to "pull forward a little more." I was in the sidewalk by this point. I asked for a refund so I could get the hell out of there, and so again, I waited. They decided to give us the food with regular dogs instead of jumbo dogs, and the manager came out and gave me the voided receipt. Free hot dogs? Shouldn't I be ecstatic? I guess it was a draw in the end with free and long wait meeting in the middle. -1 for long wait, +1 for giving us the food and refunding the money.Food was good. Fries were decent. Dogs were good, but could've had more peppers. I guess I'll learn to ask for more peppers and onions.Polish sausage and Italian beef. Do not sleep on it.They are super fast and they don't forget the extra grease on the bag. Cobb salad and cheese fries on the side. Must do if you are in the area.I don't care that I've always had to wait in line.I don't care that you never fail to be infested with windbreaker-wearing tourists from Michigan. (I saw one buying a Portillo's shirt tonight, awwww)I don't care that I burnt my pinky finger on your cheese fries the other night. It was my fault, I was sloppy.I don't care that I am probably going to have to up a dress size or two now that I know we are only 3 blocks apart.I just don't care.Portillo's, you're worth it.Yummayyyyy. While this place can get a little crazy and jam-packed during busy hours, the line moves pretty quickly and the food is worth it. Send a lucky few to stand in line to order while the rest of your group finds a table to reserve ;) There's a separate line for everything BUT hot dogs (like salads, pizzas, pastas, etc), so if you're not in the mood for a dog, that line is much quicker.I ordered the Jumbo Hot Dog - so good. I've also heard that the Italian Beef is a must-eat, so I have to get that next time. We also ordered the Polish hot dog, which was also delicious. But I'm a fan of condiment overload, so the original was perfect for me.What can you add to perfection in a hot dog?  The hot dog had the right crisp bite and texture. The bun was perfectly steamed. The Chicago dog toppings were applied with balance and care so nothing overwhelmed anything else.  Heck, it was even wrapped well. Service was fast, efficient, and really pleasant!If you only get to eat one Chicago style hot dog in your life, this is the one that you want to remember.They have a whole lot of other food, including some wicked looking beef sandwiches, ribs, Italian food, etc... But really, when in Chicago, DO THE DOG!Wow. What's not to love? Char-grilled spicy Italian sausage sandwich with sweet peppers and cheese? Good. Crispy crinkle cut fries? Good. Hamburger was really good! Onion rings are stupid awesome. Strawberry shortcake was "I wanna be naked with you" good. Chocolate cake? Damn good. Like, "I wanna be naked with you for the weekend" good.Prices great. Did I mention that chocolate cake? It was damn good. Will I eat here again? You betcha! Oh, did I tell you about the chocolate cake? It was damn good...Every time I visit Chicago the first place I go right after I get off the plane is PORTILLO'S I'm not even kidding you. My friends think it's ridiculous that I always go straight from the airport but it's my favorite and a must try if you've never been. This is the one thing I crave when I'm in LA.If you're a first timer, you must order: ITALIAN BEEF! I get it with extra hot peppers (they're not that spicy)Hot dog with everything or italian sausageBaked Spaghetti or the Baked ZitiChopped salad or Cobb salad but all the salads are great (but you'll probably never get to the salads) I literally order all 4 dishes and eat them all in one sitting. I know, you're thinking it's kinda gross and glutinous but I can't help it. I love Portillo's and I get sad when I have to leave. *Make sure to eat the Italian beef quick, it can get soggy if you let it sit because it's so juicy!!! If you're not a big eater, just get the Italian beef and a pasta dish. ;)If you are feeling brave, try the cake shake. It's literally a chocolate cake in a shake/smoothie. It's amazing but I'm usually to full to get it but if you like sweets it's a must try. Their strawberry shortcakes are amazing as well! I'm about to jump on a plane and go to portillos.... ugh I want Italian beef NOW!"Order 108 there is no more wait"!! THE BEST DOUBLE CHEESE BURGER IN CHICAGO hands down. I use to order a different item every time I came here but, since I ate the charbroiled goodness I've never ate anything else. The fries are always fresh and crispy. Portillos never fails my hunger !!Cheap food is what I look for during lunch. I had a dog and burger under 7$ and they both went down easy. It was my first time there and it got a little confusing. For a burger joint, this place has a lot off traffic, plus it is inside a food court. I waited at the pick up after calling for pick up. I then went to the register and asked where do I go to pick up orders. They said the bar...Wouldn't have guessed that without help.Something for everyone here, particularly since it combines a Portillos with a Barnelli's Pasta.Greasy, not so-healthy recommendations:Maxwell Street PolishBeef (decent taste, decent size)Beef and Cheese (you know you shouldn't but that shouldn't stop you)Any shake or malt (If you bought a shake from the place with the golden arches across the street, you should wonder why you spent about the same amount of money for less taste)Healthier recommendations:Fruit and Poppyseed salad (strawberries, mandarin oranges and a delightfully tasty poppyseed dressing...one of my favorite salads in the area...you can have it with or without the chicken)Pasta (the primavera spaghetti gives a good amount of pasta, olive oil and garlic)Keep in mind that during lunch times, especially when the weather is nice, you'll see the line almost going out the door. They have a relatively efficient drive thru. Plus, if you're a Catholic that abstains during Lent, they offer a number of decent meat-free options, including a Pepper and Egg Sandwich that is only offered during Lent.Oh Portillos you have been an infatuation of mine for well over a decade now. Why won't you come and make a home for yourself in Milwaukee too? I miss you on nights I am away.Ambiance: Loud, bustling and everything you would expect from a "fast food" type restuaurant. Lots of Americana type stuff everywhere.Staff: Average staff, some are really nice others could care less.Food: Best Chicago Dog I've ever tasted. I don't leave Chicago with out hitting Portillo's and getting one. I love their Maxwell Polish Sausage and their Chili Cheese Dog. Cheese fries hit the spot as the are the thick crinkle cut fries and they are generous with the amount of cheese they give you.Beverages: They have Coke products thank Vishnu! Also Boyfriend got the Chocolate Cake Shake last time and almost went into a sugar coma.Pointers: Whatever you do, whatever you order don't skip the Chicago Dog. Basically Portillos is near and dear to my heart and it always feels like too long between visits.After walking miles and miles from our hotel to Navy Pier to Michigan Ave. we were looking for a good hot dog spot and came across Portillo's. It did not disappoint. I thought it was a straight up hot dog joint, but upon walking in, it resembled more of a food court. I headed straight for the hot dogs. I have to say these hot dogs were sooooo good!!! So much better than Nathan's in NYC (don't belee the hype).mmmm i'm craving it right now! just gooooo!After reading/hearing all the type about this place, i finally made the visit last Sunday afternoon.  Conscious of my veggie intake, I ordered the chicken pecan salad.  He, a loyal patron of this establishment, got the famous Italian beef sandwich with cheese fries.The verdict: everything can be summed up in one word, "good."  The salad was good - not excellent.  The Italian beef (disclaimer: I'm not big on Italian beef at baseline, anyway) was good, not astoundingly delicious.  I have to mention that the sight of the bright, paint-yellow cheese sauce made me sick to my stomach. The fries... well, fries are fries are fries.  They, too, were good.  It's a "good" place for a wallet-friendly lunch or dinner in the rather spendy River North area.  But really, if you looked a little harder, I'm sure you could find a better place for the same $.Took first time Chicago visitors to Portillo's for a true taste of Chicago and everyone loved it!We had a "big" Italian beef, grilled Italian sausage, Chicago dogs, fries, and onion rings!  The Italian beef was everyone's favorite!  The dogs were a close second and the sausage was good too.  We got sweet and hot peppers, which I would highly recommend.  The onion rings were delish and crispy.I've only been away from Chicago for four days and I'm ready to go back for more Portillo's already!First visit:Great dogs, fries, decent salads & sandwiches. Great, casual atmosphere with spicy ladies giving no-nonsense counter service. Witnessed a purse snatching/beating, got gift certificates for a free meal. Bonus!Second visit:Good Italian beef sandwich, more good fries, good milkshakes, decent chili & pasta, some of the worst chicken soup I've ever tasted. Otherwise, a total winner.Keep in mind that this place is CHEAP, and you get what you pay for. If you want good food at a good price, this is the place. If you want gourmet cuisine at similar prices, you're unreasonable, impossible to please, and likely every waiter's worst nightmare.Honestly. The hot dog tasted like a boiled grocery store dog that was trying to hide behind toppings. HOWEVER the chocolate cake shake made the whole trip worth it. Divine!They also have a good beer selection and fun atmosphere.Tourist trap, which is fine, and it did the trick. unique place. Pretty cool. everything was good. It gets a solid 3+.This place simply has the BEST Italian beef sandwiches. Their Chicago dogs and chocolate cake shakes are amazing too! We make this a regular pit-stop whenever we are in Chicago. Lots of seating as well (which is good because they are always busy!). Definitely give it a shot, you won't be disappointed!If they put me in charge of catering for a meeting or ordering food for a group of people working late at the office, I love to order from Portillo's. People always complain about the lack of healthy food at work, but come on - what is better than being able to choose from a tray of delicious hot dogs, cheeseburgers, chicken sandwiches, beef sandwiches, fries? Not much really. Plus, if you NEED to order salads, you can order from Barnelli's which is attached to Portillo's. I think they might be affiliated? Portillo's and Barnelli's are both deliverable through Dining In as well as CEO Deliveries, and they have a lovely catering menu. Here are two heads up (and the reasons for only 4 out of 5 stars): 1) they have, in the past, delivered all my food WITH NO CONDIMENTS. I had thirty starving people stoked about the cheeseburgers and fries, pouting about not having any ketchup (which I FULLY understand). Be sure to check before the delivery person drives away; 2) The beef sandwiches do not come pre-cooked. They give you a big greasy bag of cold/frozen beef, some random sauce, and no instructions of what you're supposed to do with it. That's a little disappointing. Regardless, a great meeting treat.Portillo's is pretty good but only once in a while! Be prepared for a messy meal if you get anything with meat in it.I had the Italian beef/sausage combo - if you get it, make sure to add hot peppers! I have a feeling it might be bland otherwise. I also have to agree with the Yelpers who said that the french bread was too soggy. If there was just a bit of crust on the outside it would be perfect.My boyfriend also got a hot dog - our first one Chicago style - and it was yummy too. I don't usually like hot dogs and I hate mustard, but this one made the mustard taste good as it was loaded with tomatoes, onions, and a pickle on top.Finally, thanks to Dane K., we also got a chocolate cake shake, which literally tasted like you were drinking chocolate cake. That was quite good, but again, not something I would want to have with every meal. Once in a while, Portillo's hits the spot.I came to Chicago with an open mind about their hot dogs and pizza. I was majorly disappointed that I didn't have time to try hot dougs, but as a consolation my Chicago relatives suggested I give Portillo's a try. Not that it's even a close comparison, but it was my last day and I was determined to try a dog nonetheless. Portillo's a cute joint with tons of visual stimulation and memorabilia. And the place serves a bunch of things, not just hot dogs. The hot dogs were okay but one of us got the sausage and that was really awesome. The little peppers pack a lot of heat so make sure you try them before you become a hero. I hear the ribs are good too, but didn't have a chance to try them. Overall the Chicago hot dogs are good enough to eat and if you happen to be in the city, it's worth a try to look for Portillos.Utterly amazing food. Seriously. An asset to Chicago.Tips: Go on Monday / Tuesday for the lightest lunch crowds. Any other day do your best to get there just after 11:30 to avoid the super long lines and crowds.Sign of the times: Barnelli's has cut its dinner bread to a quarter loaf in a downsizing measure to save money. :(I love this place. They offer a large variety of stuff at reasonable prices. During my recent trip to Chicago, I ate here twice. Actually wanted to come a third but didn't have the time.Seriously one of the BEST Hot Dogs I've had in awhile. I also tried the Beef Sandwich which was also fantastic.If I'm ever back in town again. I will definitely be revisiting this place.BE OPEN LATER.What would be better then a 3am Portillo's run?  How does this work - can we start a petition or something?On our East coast trip, I made sure that I went to a pizza and hot dog place. From all of the yelp review, I decided to go to Portillo's Hot Dogs (PHD). It was an interesting search.To get around chicago,  we need to walk a lot and go on a lot of buses. It was very fortunate that there was a bus route close by. It  wasn't much of a long walk to find the place. The place was right across from Hard Rock Cafe Chicago.When we got to the restaurant, we were confused with the layout of the place. At first we thought it was a food court and PHD was just part of the food stall. But then all of the stalls read Portillo's. There was portillo's dog, Portillo's salad, Portillo's BBQ, Portillo's liquor. It was confusing at first. But later we found out that all of the stalls are owned by Portillo's. Since we were there for the hot dog, we started to line up for the PHD.The line was very short considering a lunch time period (around 1pm). Then we saw on the wall a lunch special only for mon and tues. It was perfect timing since we were there on tuesday. For 5 bucks, I had italian sausage with fries and drink, while my family tried the polish sausage (original and special). The hot dog was a good portion. It was tasty and very meaty. It's different from hot dog place like Pink's in Los Angeles. Overall I think it's a good dog out of chicago. Later I found out that they have a branch out here in Buena Park, CA. Another food another day.A Chicago Hot Dog and an Italian Beef sandwich both with hot peppers filled me up just fine for a afternoon of walking Michigan Ave. This place is not what you would call fine dining, dress casual. There are lines inside for whatever your food choice is. The service is very good as they try to move people and orders through. You order and then you move to the next station and wait for your number to be called. Beer and wine also served. Seating is on a grab it as you can and bus your table when you are done. A Chicago dog , Italian beef and large drink were $10.45 very good food for a not to bad price for downtown Chicago location.Bosses wanted to take everyone out for lunch. They voted for steakhouse, so we chose steakhouse. We headed out to Chicago chophouse. However, we got there, and it was closed! ~Fiuh~ Close one!! I don't really like steak...So, instead, we went to next door, which happened to be Portillo's Hot Dogs!!! Sweet...!! I'm in Chicago, and I'm at a Hot Dog joint!Got the Portillo Beef dog and a coke. Everyone else got the same thing. We all enjoyed our hot dog. The overall tab came out to be $40 for 6 people... Damn, if we went to the steakhouse, it's probably $40 per person....I cannot justify 4 stars for a hot dog. It was good, but it was not incredible. 3.5 stars at most. But I would probably come back again if I was in Chicago and in the area. It was not that bad at all, but nothing really special.I was a bridesmaid in my friend's wedding and the entire wedding party stopped in for some hot dogs after the ceremony. The staff was really nice and the bride and groom got their order for free (the rest of us were not as lucky).The restaurant was clean, but felt a bit cafeteria-style. For an eatery downtown, prices are reasonable. I can't complain about the food. Quality is quite consistent among the different locations.While the food is exceptional I do have a problem with their pick-up area.I occasionally visit this location during my lunch break which is usually 1pm (the busiest @ this location). The lines are usually out the door, however within 5 minutes they have your order in and set to be prepared.  The problem with the pick-up area is that there are at least between 20-30 people gathered in a "formation" like they are giving money away.  Everytime I've been in that "section" waiting for my food, it's nothing but a madhouse. I do understand that it is busy and it's a tourist spot/downtown fav., but the management at this location needs to try and address this problem as it's really frustrating that you have to "push" your way through just to get your food.Are you a tourist in Chicago? If yes, are you wandering around looking for a fun, easy, Chicago-y place to eat? If yes, are you close to Portillo's? If yes - go to Portillo's. If you possess even a remote fondness for hot dogs, go to Portillo's and order a hot dog with the works, everything, you want it all. The fries are nice, if you require fries with your hot dog; if not, order two dogs! This is the review you've been looking for. You have your answer, now go!I think it's fitting that my 100th review be for what has to be one of my favorite restaurants of ALL TIME. That's how good Portillos is.Every time I come back to Chicago, I make stopping at Portillos a priority. Sure it's the kind of food you can't eat on a daily basis without getting a heart attack, but in my opinion Portillo's classic, Chicago-style hot dogs are worth the arterial clogging.Their sandwiches are also delicious. And their chopped salad. Mmmmmm. I can't wait until the next time I'm in Chicago so I can stuff myself silly on Portillos. At the very minimum I get one hot dog and one sandwich, and it's usually the most food ordered by anyone in the group I'm with.Yeah it's a lot of food but that's how I roll when it comes to Portillos, ok?An added plus is that their chocolate cake is amazing! So moist and delicious. I've even had it for my birthday.I love this place.We stopped here for a quick lunch.It was super busy.I had a polish, onion rings and a pop.My BF had the same but ordered a chocolate cake shake.DO NOT MISS THE CHOCOLATE CAKE SHAKE.They actually gave him a plain chocolate shake and he had to go back up to the order line and get another....well worth it....and they let him keep the mistake shake.We always have a great time here.Employees are friendly and helpful. Everybody seems to know their job and do their job well.Bike parking is out front on sign polls.Portillo's always delivers a delectable dog!As usual, I ordered a large coke, hot dog, fry and a side of cheese. All were delicious and freshly made (no dog that's been out all day or fries in the warmer too long). They have free refills, so I chowed down.Before inhaling my lunch, waiting for my food, I got the chance to take a look around. Most Portillo's have lots of fun stuff on the walls, but this place... all sorts of sports memorabilia and collectibles from the Chicago area. I took so many pictures, I almost didn't hear them call my name!And did I mention they serve beer, wine, and Mai tais?!?! What more could a girl ask for?Portillo's....the Chicago staple, or at least one of them. Planned my recent trip to Chicago to include a stop here as well as Hot Doug's.The reviews were good, the location was walking distance from where I was staying, and the sound of a Chicago classic was overly appealing!This location houses a ton of different food vendors with plenty of upstairs/downstairs seating as well a a small bar in the corner! Lots of vibrant decor and even more people stuffing their faces with hometown goodies. I mean who doesn't like a place where lots of cute girls are shoving hot wieners down their throats! lolThe girl at the register seemed a bit curt..almost rude, but its fast food so you cant expect much to begin with.Got the Chili Dog that was mushy and messy but the savory snap of the dog made up for that. Next was the Portillo Classic (standard Chicago style) that was good ole' American fare with is sweet and bright relish, juicy tomato, and kicking peppers (no celery salt came on mine however.. '"/ ) The place is a little pricey for hot dogs ($7.85 for the 2 dogs w/ a drink..no combo option...how un-American! lol). The real winner was the savory polish dog with its sweet caramelized onions...wish I order a whole one, but it'll have t wait till my next trip. ^.^I'm definitely a fan of this place, two times to Chicago twice times to portillo. Fantastic small hotdogs and great beef dips, i mean it's not expensive and it's very filling. what more can you ask for?The price is right and it taste good, so why the four stars? I doesn't blow me away to the point where i give it 5, and they messed up my order. It's fast food, enough said. But definitely one of the better places...Portillos brings backs many childhood memories.  I loved going with my grandparents to the Rolling Meadows location.  Since I moved to the city, I'm here more often than I would like to admit to get my fill on food and memories.Drive-thru is always a mess but they keep you moving along and get you your food as soon as possible.Quick service.Awesome, snappy hot dogs.Working crowd at lunch and busy.Chicago style hot dog is loaded with everything you can want and lovely hot peppers.The only other Chicago style hot dog I have had is at Hot Doug's and though I have to go back there, this was a close second! YUM!Cheap quick meat in a bun.Whether hot dog is your style, or italian beef, sausage, or polish. All in one stop, done quickly, for a few bucks. Kick back in the ample seating with a cold beer, and you're set.There's a lot of other stuff at the other counters too, but hey, I came here for the hot dog. Classic.As far as being a tourist spot, Portillo's is doing a good job. Going from the full on interior setting and all the yelling at the pick up, it is definitely trying hard to give you a Chicago hot dog experience. So don't mind it if when you first step in and it feels like that you are in a museum + food court.It was my first try with Chicago hot dog. I didn't know what to expect and I like what I had. Not sure it's something mind blowing but it's good. I did have to pick up all those little whole spicy green peppers off. By the way, do yourself a favor and grab a milkshake from there. I still regret for not doing that to this day.Oddly, you come here for the Italian beef.  This place is classic Chicago, and this location is the best.Pretty expensive menu... for nothing amazing, very simple food, hot dog, burgers, salads etc. u could make your own at home... For dessert I recommend strawberry shortcake :) that's the only thing unique from there I think... Ok and the inside look niceBefore you hate me for giving this place such a low-rating, hear me out!  The yelp rating for 2 stars says "Meh. I've experienced better." and I feel that I have.I'm from San Francisco, and we have a bunch of hot dog stands floating in downtown that I personally feel have better hot dogs.  When I was at UC Berkeley, I was a frequent customer at Top Dog and I feel that those hot dogs are better than Portillo's as well.  Maybe my taste in hot dogs is different from most but I honestly don't see what's so awesome in Chicago hot dogs-assuming Portillo's is an accurate representation.The hot dogs themselves were rather smaller than expected, and the buns were kinda squishy.  That threw us off for a bit, but we still dug in hungrily.  We got a jumbo dog, a chili dog, and a polish.  The jumbo dog was unique, with the pickle and tomatoes for the toppings.  That was kinda yummy, but not outworldly yummy.  The chili dog was a nice way to warm out tummies and the chili topping itself tasted great.  Again, not much to write home about.  The polish had a slightly more unique taste, and the grilled onions were a nice touch, but still not much to be raving about.After finishing these dogs, we both sat there wondering what was so good about Chicago hot dogs?  Annie's dogs and Stanley Steamer (hot dog stands in San Francisco) have better dogs.  Bigger, juicier, and tastier.  Buns can be dry though.  My favorite dogs are still the ones at Top Dog in Berkeley.  Those are freshly made, bursting with flavor and juice, and the buns are toasted to be crispy and sprinkled with poppy seed.  Sauerkraut is amazing there too.Anywho, perhaps my taste is just different.  I didn't find much to love about these hot dogs, but maybe you will!  The food wasn't disgusting and the service wasn't terrible; just didn't like as much as I thought I would.  Don't let this 2-star review turn you away from this place :DBless you Portillo's!  I found you in Buena Park.Yeah sorry this place isn't that great. At most maybe a 2.5?The beef dog was somewhat special but then the bread was all soggy and made it somewhat nasty. Also weirdly enough with all that beef juice I would assume it is, there wasn't too much taste. Also had an Italian dog  but seems like it is only a regular hot dog with pickles and tomato? Toronto street hot dog stands are better IMHO. Maybe I ordered the wrong things but I think the beef dog is suppose to be popular.How I miss Portillo's! You may be wondering, what business does a vegetarian have reviewing Portillo's? I always ordered the same thing--veggie croissant sandwich, fries (sometimes with cheese), and on occassion I've been known to partake in the chocolate cake shake. 5 stars on all accounts! The drive through situation can be a bit stupid. I don't think the whole two lines thing or the taking your order protocol save any time at all. Ah well.I had the double burger with cheese and the breaded chicken sandwich. Total came out to be 9.59.The double burger was big and delicious. The lettuce and red onions were fresh and contributed much to the overall flavor of the burger. The bun was lightly toasted and soft, and the beef was great.The breaded chicken sandwich was equally delicious. It got a little hectic at times, but service was quick and efficient and I got my food within ten minutes, even though there were several people ahead of me in the queue. Seating was alright.I really have nothing more to add, so in short, Portillo's serves delicious food. Unlike some other surrounding establishments, the prices are quite in line with what i expect to pay for quality food. If you are in the area, you must try Portillo's if you haven't already.I was surprised at this place. When my brother told me about it I didn't really know what to expect. We walked in and stepped in line. An employee took our order, wrote it down on a bag and we took it to the cashier. I was amazed at the prices. Maybe it's because I've been in New York City for too long, but two meals for $14 is a steal.The food was SO good too. I had a hamburger and my brother had a bacon cheeseburger. Neither of us could finish our meal.The decor was also really cool but hard for me to explain. Also, the seating area was very spacious. I'll probably be back when I'm in Chicago again.Classic institution for those "fast food" Chicago staples.  You really can't go wrong here and it's highly recommended if you're visiting our fine city and are looking for a greasy lunch stop.Fast, cheap, and very good hot dogs, italian beefs and other such items typically associated with Chicago.  This location also has a drive-through.I'm a Chicago tourist pure and true.  For Chicago-style hot dogs, I had two places on my list of possabilities, and SuperDawg was too far away. The other one was Portillo's.Well, my Chicago lunch companion approved, and thus we dined.Order at the counter, scoot over to pick up area and loiter around until the numbers are randomly called. The number caller will serve up an extra side of sass if you don't *race* up and grab your food within microseconds. I have an odd fascination with both hot dogs and cheese sauce, and coincidentally I ordered the all beef and cheese fries. I had no idea I'd get a little tub of cheese sauce just like the kind I normally fawn over. This was a match made in heaven.I went to Chicago and fell in love... with an Italian beef sandwich! We came for the hot dogs (and refuge from the cold) on a whim and man, I have to say this was the best meal I had while I was in the windy city. Three of us ordered 2 chicago dogs with everything, a maxwell street dog with onions and mustard, a 9 inch italian beef DIPPED, chili cheese fries, cheese fries, and a chocolate cake shake, as per the collective reviews on yelp. Yelpers of Chicago, thanks for steering me right! The chicago dogs, were eh for me, but cool to say I'd tried one, the maxwell dog was much more my thing with the hearty helping of grilled onions and mustard. But the stars of the meal were the italian beef and the cheese fries. oh man, savory sliced beef, sweet peppers, and mozzarella cheese on fresh roll, DIPPED (thanks for the advice yelpers) in a thumbsucking au jus sauce. I generally despise super soggy food, but man that was so not the same as any other dipped sandwich, it was out of this world! The cheese fries, man this crack cheese whiz dip, I seriously could not stop myself. Oh and the cake shake was okay too, although my chocolate lover companion thought it was the cats pajamas and slurped it clean. They also had a separate line for pasta, pizza, and ribs, but I was pretty full already =) But next time I'm in chicago, I am SO stuffing my face with my new love.It was good, but when are hot dogs not good?I am a fan of the hot dog with cheese and grilled onions and the fries. Ladies, one hot dog and fries is probably enough for you. I, on the other hand, had two hot dogs and fries. Overkill, but hey, I love me a delish bratwurst.I had to try this place out since it came highly recommended to try out a Chicago-style hot dog. I ordered their Portillo's Chicago Dog and cheddar cheese fries. The Chicago Dog really had a great flavor to it and also the fries were so gooey with cheese that I took my time enjoying both. A couple of days later I came back before I left the city and had another Chicago Dog along with a Grilled Onions Dog. I felt so bad leaving Portillo's and Chicago. Definitely must come back here for their Chocolate Cake Shake which I unfortunately didn't have.Best italian beef sandwich I've ever had (Sorry, Al's).  Chocolate shakes I dream about.French fries ALWAYS cooked to crispy perfection.Their chocolate cake is STUPID good.  Seriously, the BEST.The salads and pasta entrees from Barnelli's are also surprisingly good!It's obvious the Portillo's has a good thing going, especially by looking at every one of their locations' drive-thrus.  Portillo's ROCKS!!!!!!Have you ever been to a restaurant and wondered if the reason for your indifference was simply because you ordered the wrong dish?"Legandary" is a strong word, one reserved for the best BBQ shop in North Carolina or the eatery which serves largest bowl of grits one can safely consume before reaching the line where stomachs explode. Portillo's is suposedly one of these legendary restaurants, but the only benefit I could find was a sassy, loud-as-hell server who informed me she had twins when she was 16 and therefore her mom wouldn't let her go to Prom (this was, of course, 40 years ago) and another who gave me six forks when I asked for one.Of course, I may have simply ordered the wrong meal. Me being a Californian, I think Italian beef sounds about as appetizing as wet cardboard with ketchup. And, a hot dog may be the best hot dog known to man... But it's still a hot dog. I guess I should have skipped the Betty Crocker chocolate cake and Diet Coke and just gorged myself on fries and chili dogs.It just shows that you can take the boy out of California but you can't take the California out of the boy.The real comedy ensued when I asked where I could recycle my cup and wrapper. Imagine the end of a Pace Picante Sauce commercial and you're half way there.Portillo's Hot Dogs is a dream heaven smorgasbord of tasty delights, less frights and plenty of drights...made those last two up.  It does have a lot in the way of good ol' fashion Midwestern Grease-trapped treats though.  From hot dogs, to pasta, to chocolate cake milkshake...yup.Portillo's is conveniently located in the touristy area of River North, right across the street from Rock & Roll McDonald's.  The tastiest couple blocks in town, depending on what side of the street you're on.  Stick to Portillo's to emphasize taste.Inside there's two parts, the classics (hot dogs, burgers, Italian beef) and the extras (pasta, salad, etc.).  Get in line, walk up order and pay.  Then go wait amongst the crowd as a cheery group of ladies shout out rhymes of numbers, calling up and distributing food.  Or, go through the drive thru which is usually packed but easy to do.Sticking to mainstays, the classic Chicago Hot Dog and Italian Beef are as they should be, delicious and difficult to eat.  They fall apart the more you devour but it sure is fun.  The burgers are delicious and always cooked great, with fresh toppings and loads of flavor.  Get a large beer as you wait or take the plunge as you order a Chocolate Cake Milkshake.  It's a chocolate milkshake with a piece of Chocolate cake on the bottom.  Yup...you read that right.  One of the best things are the crinkle fries which are always done just well enough and covered with salt.  Yeah, don't come here if your cholesterol is up or you just had several heart attacks.  There's little to say bad about this place as it's always good, reliable and churning' out food.  Sure, it's not healthy, that's obvious.  It's always usually always busy, but it's part of the atmosphere and charm of the place.  I actually wouldn't want to go to Portillo's during a slow time, something would be missing.  Crowds are the only thing that get the ladies screaming out those numbers.If you're a resident, you know, and most likely have been to Portillo's.  If you're from out of town visiting, I highly suggest checking it out if you're doing the touristy thing downtown.  There's other places out of the city to check out more, but if you are downtown, hit it up.Visiting Chicago and had to try a Chicago Hot Dog and I was told this was the place to try it...DAMN was this Hot Dog awesome! The peppers made it stand out with the spicyness of it.  It was so good I had to order the chili dog also...hahaBut what was even better was the Italian beef Sandwich!  I got the combo with the sausage in it also which made it oh so juicy...just talking about it is making my mouth water...LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!!  After eating here, we found out there was one in Buena Park, CA also!! Gonna get some this weekend!What a disappointment, Chicago! I was on a roll until I had a Chicago Hot Dog.Ordered the beef hot dog and I was expecting it to be bigger (ladies, i know you feel me on this one!). The bread was strangely doughey and soft. My first bite didn't give me that "ohhh this is so good" feeling but more of a "this is alright." The establishment is pretty cool though. Love the 2-story open seating and orders came out pretty fast. It's street food but served indoors...but sadly, the food was just A-OK!So Portillo's is infamous for their hot dogs and Italian beef.  While both are pretty darn good, it's their cheeseburgers that keep my coming back...well, the cheeseburgers and their delicious slices of chocolate or lemon cake. (Although I'm not sure if they still sell the lemon cake by the slice anymore).  I don't do fast good cheeseburgers and although the quality of their beef burgers isn't as good as it used to be (hence the four starts in stead of five), it's still my favorite cheap burger in Chicago.  Extra bonus of the drive through line that usually manages to move faster than McD's across the street.Great Price? Fun Atmosphere?  Best Hot Dog You'll Ever Try? Check, Check & Check!! Portillo's was amazing. I wish I didn't live so far away so I could eat here more often... although that is very likely a good thing.Try Portillo's when you are in Chicago... you will not regret it :-)A friend took me here on my Birthday while I was in town celebrating. And it was the best birthday present ever! I've had Italian Beef sandwiches before but nothing like Portillo's. Must Try:-Italian Beef-Beef-N-Cheddar Croissant-Chopped Salad (not just a regular salad, TRUST me you won't be disappointed)Don't waste your $ with:-Chili Cheese Dogs-any of the pastasIt's a fast food joint based out of Chicago. I really wish there was one in Minnesota, but then again I'd be in trouble if there was. A must have everytime I'm in town.Good eats.Took the family there as a result of a piece in the monthly United Airlines magazine about touring Chicago in three days.  With such a source for recommendation, it was bound to be touristy.  It didn't feel that way.  The line wasn't too long and the food arrived quickly.The Italian roast beef adding sweet peppers was by far the best roast beef sandwich I can remember.  The soft bread slightly soaked with au jus, was a good offset for the texture of beef and peppers, and a great flavor blend.  Make sure you order with sweet peppers and au jus otherwise it may be dry.My wife had a Chicago style hot dog and went back for a second.Best Hot Dogs in the CHI, HANDS DOWN !!!I used to live out of town and dreamed of these puppies DELISH !!!The drive thru here is pretty damn fast considering it is in the middle of the city.Must try !Italian beef, Maxwell dog plain was our order du jour!What a fun experience coming here! Yes, a bit touristy but I wasn't disappointed by either the beef sandwich or the hot dog. The French fries aren't bad either ;-)I would definitely recommend stopping by here if you are visiting the area - you won't regret it unless of course, you are a vegetarian!!!Trying Portillo's Italian Beef sandwich was 1 of 3 things on my agenda for my short trip into Chicago.  I had really high expectations, and they were not met.  I really need to remember that food is food, and I can't expect a sandwich god.  Anyway, the sandwich itself was good.  What brings me down to 3 stars is the oil.  It's so greasy, and perhaps it's supposed to be that way in order to add to its "goodness" factor.  But I really despise oily foods, so that was a no go.   It was still enjoyable, and the spicy peppers give it a necessary kick.  But I can definitely live without this one.I had the Italian beef sandwich here & i swear my mouth was doing a happy dance.  It was a messy sandwich but one i would gladly sacrifice a few stain spots on my jeans for.  It was expecting it to be a restaurant-style place, it was more like a mini food court decorated with random sports & other memorabilia.Service is fast & prices are pretty cheap, you can't beat it.  I am now on a mission to find a good Italian beef sandwich place in SD, as i can't imagine going on for long without eating this thing.A chicago staple.  Personally I think the hot dogs are the best in all of Chicago.Service is fast - especially the drive through.Portillo's is the greatest food chain ever! It's like food chain taken to the next level! Yes, even better than In-N-Out and Chic-fil-a and Shake Shack (yes, I know this isn't really a chain yet)Few reasons why my heart (but not my arteries) love this place:1. French fries: freakin freakin good. really really good! quite comparable with the best fries I've ever had.2. Italian beef: I think it's agreed upon by most Chicagoans I've talked to who know their Italian beef that Portillo's serves among the best if not the best in Chicago. Also, the portions are great for the price. Stuff yourself and your arteries silly!!3. Chocolate Cake Shake: This is... evily good. If Darth Vader used this to tempt Luke onto the dark side, game over. This is probably the best shake I've ever had in my life and I think many people share this opinion. This is like post-bad-breakup food. This will heal the hearts of women, and men, left at the alter. This promotes world peace.If you're a non-native Chicagoan, I would order the following and then plan for a long nap afterwards:1. Italian beef with hot/sweet peppers2. Fries3. Chocolate cake shake4. soft drink of your choice5. extra napkinsAfter I eat all that, I would also schedule an appointment with my physician and probably a cardiologist in a few years, depending on how old you are and your current risk factors.The decor inside this place is to die for.  I'd go just for the Christmas cheer (a ferris wheel of animals dressed up in Christmas cheer, Santa Clauses galore, a huge tree, lights, Christmas music... the works!!!!) and options of salads, hot dogs, sandwiches, pasta, or custard!  My husband and I were only in town for a few days but we went here twice, and we tried the Chicago dog, the chilli dog, the pecan chicken salad, the Italian beef sandwich AND the strawberry custard sundae!  Talk about delicious chili cheese hot dogs!!!  I need more just thinking about it.  As for the Italian beef, I was too full to try any but my husband inhaled it, and then skipped over to order our custard sundaes which we both ate up as well.  I wouldn't get a salad here again, the lettuce isn't that fresh even though the hot honey mustard is delicious.... but when you're traveling for days... sometimes you just have to eat healthy when your'e out.I was in Chicago for four days, pretty much eating four meals a day at that, and Portillo's was by far my FAVORITE meal while I was there.We got the Maxwell St polish dog, the Chicago dog, and the cheese fries. Loved it all. The cheese for the cheese fries was smooth, salty and cheesy, just the way it should be. The dogs were juicy, the bread soft, the fries crispy. Add in the lady calling out the numbers ("Have a Coke & a smile!") and all the original Chicago paraphernalia in the place and you have 5 stars!Um!  Um!  GOOD!  With so many wonderful restaurants in the city, it was tough to save room for an infamous Chicago Dog, but we managed to stop for a quick bite here and so glad we did.  Ordered the classic hot dog, and if we didn't have dinner reservations probably would have went back for seconds!5/2/13 update -- see above!  Same great dog!The place is pretty stylish and their menu will please almost everyone since they serve burgers, sandwiches, salads, pasta, soup and hot dogs - their speciality.I'm not a huge fan of american hot dogs (like brazilian ones better) - cause I still think that there is more to hot dogs than bun, sausage, relish, pickles and onions - but anyways, their hot dog is good, not amazing (still need to find an american hot dog that will win over the brazilian ones). I had their Jumbo Dog and ended up thinking it was too much hot dog for a single bun, but it was good.The beer glasses here are huge, so enjoy every bit of it.I chose this one, because it got four stars in yelp. But I don't think it worth! The hotdog tasted not good at all. If this is what Chicago style, then I am really disappointed!chicago dogs are the way to go! i seriously wish i could get chicago style in LA :/. i love our ghetto dogs, but chicago dogs stole my heart. must visit if you're in town!Best hot dog we have ever had! During our stay in Chicago, we ate there twice! Everyone says that there beef sandwich is amazing but, we couldn't get past the all beef hot dogs! Make sure you order the fries with cheese dipping sauce! Super yummy!They are no good. Couldn't even get an order for a hotdog right. I can get a better Chicago style hotdog in Hollywood, CA. I will stay loyal to my Vicious Dogs in NoHo.Have a Chicago dog or Italian beef and you won't be disappointed.It is my tradition to come to Portillo's for lunch every time I visit Chicago. There really is nothing not to like about this place. My standard order- chili cheese dog, cheese, fries, chocolate shake, and sometimes a beer (they actually have some good tap beers). The employees working the pick up window are awesome- they have so many cheesy jokes up their sleeves, I love it. Portillo's is a great choice for a cheap lunch downtown.This place is a factory of like 100+ workers hulling out tons of food as fast as they possibly can! Very very good food though. 5 hotdogs with ketchup 1 large cheese fry and a Cake Shake!!!!!! The wait was a little long.........but my bigger complaint was the fact that the people next to my table were drunk.Double dipped Italian Beef. Gotta try it.My all time favorite fast food place. Beef with giardiniera is always a favorite. Best burgers out of any fast food place...and prob my favorite burger just about anywhere as well. Hot dogs are fantastic...and the fries are awesome too.Only negative I have to say about this place...don't plan on going thru drive thru during peak hours of lunch and dinner...the wait is long and sometimes you get your food and then get stuck in behind other car in drive thru for up to 5 minutes...bye bye fresh fries. Minus that...awesome.May 2013Read on Serious Eats that Portillo's had the best Italian beef so decided to stop by and check it out.  Ordered the Italian beef with hot peppers, Chicago dog, and a large chocolate cake shake.  4 stars for the Italian beef.  It definitely tasted good, but to be honest I don't think it's crave worthy.  Maybe I'm just not a huge fan of Italian beef.  The peppers added some much needed heat and acid.  3 stars for the hot dog.  I enjoyed it but.  A solid version, but at the end of the day a hot dog is a hot dog to me.  3 stars for the chocolate cake shake.  Ordered the large to split between two people and it's huge and really sweet.  It's tastes like it sounds - a chocolate shake mixed with rich chocolate cake.  I didn't think we'd be able to finish it, but strangely polished it off rather easily.  Closer to 3.5 starsI think this place puts crack in their burgers.This location is super-touristy and that's usually not my type of place. But we were on vacation so it was only fitting to end up at a place like this.  There are separate lines for different types of food; the longest one is of course for the hot dogs and Italian beef.  We paired those with a very reasonably priced beer.  We loved both the hot dog and the Italian beef and almost went back to order another. Instead, we walked out with a very creamy frozen custard. Yum!huge place and bustling!  Great hot dogs, the chicken sandwiches was boring.  They have beer and some mixed drinks there.Portillo's is a Chicago staple.I've only had the Chicago hot dog, but it's so good that I have to get it every time. I love all the toppings they put on.The chocolate cake shake is also amazing - it's literally like drinking a cake.Not impressed, got the fish sandwich.   Onion rings were decent, but fish sandwich was nothing special and not worth getting.  I don't eat hot dogs, but maybe if they had brats I would like this place betterHello.  Portillo's?  Just an FYI - Fish is meat.  Yep, that's right.  I'm a vegetarian, so offering a fish sandwich under "vegetarian options" doesn't work so well for me.  Maybe you could learn about something called soy?  You can make a kick-ass hot dog and/or burger out of the stuff. Oh, one more thing.... tomatoes are not an ingredient in Cesar Salad.Beef and Cheddar Croissant is the winner of greasy food.There may be something wrong with you if you DON'T happen to like Portillos.  I mean, I wouldn't dislike anyone for not liking the food here, but I certainly would take every other food recommendation they give me with a gigantic grain of salt.Portillos is the best chain restaurant by far, and I honestly love the fact that there is only one in all of Chicago.  No chance on overkilling this place unless you live right by it.You know what else is good here?  The fries.  And..most things.  Great place- if you're visiting Chicago, you should try to make a visit to this place and pick up any one of the items on the menu.  You're not going to be disappointed.The most efficient drive through I've ever been to! Well done Portillo's! The hot dogs were great as was the Italian Beef. And the chocolate shake was   super chocolaty. If you haven't tried it, get in your car and head down there right now... what are you waiting for?It seems to me that most Chinese people that I know in chicago, particularly those that grew up in China, think italian beef is the best thing ever invented. To begin with, chinese take their food very seriously, and as more chinese are moving to the US to work, they (we) are exploring Chicago food in intense detail. In china, cows are much better used for farming purposes and it is rare for a cow to be eaten (we prefer pigs actually). It seems wasteful to raise cows for eating.i don't know how many times I am talking to someone from the motherland and when talking about food, that there is fervor akin to nationalism about a sandwich.  Coming to chicago I was totally blown away by italian beefs, especially with how intense the beef is, how much is actually stuffed in their and the great flavour with hot peppers.so portillos delivers some pretty good italian beef and I guess some people tell me its a historical chicago chain (like potbellys but without the VC money).I think that this fascination with the italian beef is the reason why the Chinese consulate in Chicago is situated just one block north of Portillos on Erie. Just another example of chinese nationals buying up name-brand american products. ;o) not a sovereign wealth fund perhaps, but indeed it is hard to stop the force of the chinese wallet, especially when it comes to vital resources like oil and italian beef.This is my go-to lunch spot when I was too lazy to pack one that morning.  Although I do not eat hotdogs, here ate 3 reasons to visit:1) unlike some reviews, I enjoy the Italian beef with hot peppers.  It is so juicy and delicious.  I can only imagine how much closer I am to a heart attack post consumption.2) if you're feeing naughty, get some cheese fries to compliment your sandwich or dog.  They are simply irresistable, and I consider myself a cheese fries junkie.3) now, if you really want to play naughty, order a CHOCOLATE CAKE SHAKE.  They blend all the goodness of a vanilla shake but kick it up with a piece of their devilishly good and infamous chocolate cake.  The outcome is an unexpected, but pleasing texture.  The best is when you get a chunk of the frosting... Mmmmm, naughty.Anyways, I don't advise eating here everyday as you'll probably end up in a food coma, but definitely a nice treat every now and again.There is 1 reason Portillo's doesn't get 5 stars- location, location, location. Why I ask is there no Portillo's outside of the loop?  Why do I have to either drive into the loop (I do not live or work in the loop) or drive out to the burbs for my Portillo's fix? There is no convinence.Why oh why don't they open a Portillo's in Wrigleyville or Lincoln Park or Bucktown- what about in Lincoln Park at that Century Landmark Plaza- in Eat-Zi's old space?  Why why why?    Mr. Portillo, bring us another restaurant!!!!!!Anyway... enough complaining- their food- WOW.  It doesn't get any better-especially for the price.  Hot dog- simply the best in the world.  No one will ever sway me to another hot dog.  Ever.   HOLD THE KETCHUP YOU HEATHENS!Cheeseburger with everything (yes even mayo)-  One of the best in the world.  Really, makes the short list.  I love their burger!  It's a feat.... they whip up a delicious burger everytime- and I love that I can press my forehead against the glass and watch them working on auto pilot as they expertly toss flip and whip up these delicious creations. Italian Beef-  OhMyGod.  Do you know of a better one?  Really?  Do you?  No, you don't.  And if you say you do, I don't believe you.  Liar.Fries- Just the right amount of potato and fry... some fries are (for me) too much potato.  Other's are skinny shoe string things that I'm certain have never met a potato, ever.  Portillo's are fried to perfection, just the right amount of crisp and soft potato goodness inside.  Yummy. Chopped Salad- If I'm feeling healthy (or I'm with someone who makes me feel like I better act healthy) I get the chopped salad.  And damn is it good.  Something about the dressing- I adore it.  I love those little tiny noodles in the thing.  I love love love this salad.  A good chopped salad is hard to come by.  Many places make a "chopped salad" but usually it's a bunch of cheap ingredients tossed together with no flavor or substance. And now Portillo's sells the house dressing (which they put on the chopped salad) by the jar. So I can do my best to recreate the salad at home. Chocolate Milkshake- My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard....  Ummm, yeah, oh so good.  It's thick and chocolatey... sometimes a chocolate shake is (gasp) TOO chocolate for me.  I never liked Ben and Jerry's (and I have a friend who would kill me for thinking that) because it's too much chocolate.  Strawberry Milkshake- The best strawberry shake I've ever had.  Ever.  I suppose if someone makes homemade strawberry icecream and then whips the stuff into a shake it might be equal.  But I love this strawberry creation.  Refreshing and tasty. Chocolate Cake- Now no cake is as good as my mom's.  But this cake takes 2nd place... a close 2nd.  In fact, my mom once bought Portillo's famous chocolate cake for a family party instead of baking HER family famous chocolate cake.  so yeah, if nothing else, get a fat slice of chocolate cake.  It'll change your life.  Oh... And I am always amazed at the drivethru- it's like a well oiled machine- a choreographed ballet- graceful and flawless.  And I've never had them get my order wrong.OH... and these are by far the best pickles anywhere.  Ever.Sometimes you just want to eat a meal that tests the limits of your heart, and when that occasion arises I head to Portillo's. The restaurant itself isn't much different than any other fast food joint...however, the food is awesome. I get their Italian Beef, french fries with cheese and wash it all down with a chocolate cake shake. Yes...you read correctly (which is why I only eat here twice a year). Having said that, do you remember when you were a kid and you mixed your ice cream with your cake at birthday parties? Well, the shake is the adult equivalent. Decadent, delicious and a little deadly...try one today!I have yet to find a better hot dog in Chicago. Nearly everything else on the menu is outstanding. And they're pretty consistent across all the suburban locations. If you're visiting Chicago and want to try some classic Chicago food or if you are local and think somewhere else has a better dog, you need to go here!My mouth started watering as soon as I typed in "Portillo's" in the search field.  The Italian beef sandwich was the first Chicago meal I ever had, and I've been in love ever since.  I went twice in one weekend, and two more times on my second visit to Chicago.Order your beef wet with hot peppers.. oh mama! You will not be disappointed.  Personally I wasn't too crazy about the fries, but the beef is unforgettable.  Portillo's is right at the top of my list on "must eats" in Chicago.Finally made a trip out to the Windy City... and was told that this place is not something to be missed. On the must order list:1. Jumbo dog with everything (minus the onions for me).. Chicago style: includes pickles, tomatoes, relish and mustard. mmmm.2. Italian beef sandwich: We got it with the hot peppers. another yum. Could do without:1. The cake shake.. some people swear by it. I wasn't too impressed. I guess I'm just not into drinking my cake.. Although, the idea of it sounded amazingly delicious... which is why I tried it. Everything else (fries and onion rings) were the usual. Nothing special.Please note - this review is ONLY regarding their drive thru. I love the food but figure a one-star rating would catch some attention amongst all the 4s and 5s.On a few recent visits to Portillos (notably last night), I can't begin to describe the frustration experienced at the drive-thru. For those who've been down this road, it seems like a relatively organized and efficient system. No ordering through a speaker - alternatively each car has a different attendant personally come up, take the order and payment so by the time you reach the front of the line you're ready to grab your food and go.This, my fellow Portillo drive thru-ers is where the magic ends. The orders come out with no rhyme or reason so if you're not the first car in line you may get your food before the people in front of you. Sounds great right? Not so much. At that point, you are completely trapped in the drive thru line until every single person in front of you gets their order. Let's say theres a missing item for a car in front of you - tough luck, you're stuck. I'm talking 10-15+ minutes of sitting with your food in the car unable to leave. A more efficient system would be to ensure that food reaches the cars in order that they are lined up - this way your food would at least stay warm in the restaurant prior to being distributed out - especially when it comes to food like burgers and fries that lose their proper temperature fairly quickly. If you happen to drive up and there's no one in front of you - go for it. Otherwise, come back for the good food when you're able to run inside and grab it on your own.The hot dogs good and when you bite into one it pops!  Fresh hot dogs, buns are steamed perfectly.  Great for a small snack.  Service is entertaining.Chocolate cake shake you can pass on.  Tasted like a chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream blended.  Not really our thing, but we tried it.I love it.There's not much I can say about Portillo's that hasn't already been said. It's delicious-it is what it is. Do you want a high quality hot dog? Do you want delicious Italian beef on a delicious roll? Do you want french fries that you can get cheese sauce with? Idk about all these people saying things like "gross looking cheese sauce." Have you ever had any cheese sauce that isn't gross looking? All in all, this cheese sauce is always served hot and the french fries are good and crunchy, usually with the correct amount of salt. Excellent combo. Burgers here are good too. The salads always look delicious, but I never get one. I have had pasta at this location, and it's also good. I have friends who swear by the ribs. Also, there's beer at this location, which is a plus! This location gets crowded, as it is the only Portillo's actually in Chicago, BUT they have very quick service and usually there are no mistakes. I will be back, but I am thankful that it isn't closer to my house, or else I would be there like every week and I'm really not trying to gain hot dog-italian beef-cheeseburger-french fry weight.I'm updating my review because it is like two or three years old lol.Portillo's is still home to one of the best burgers I have ever had. A lot of people say that they also have the best italian beefs, but I wouldn't know, I've never had one. I can barely get enough of those damn burgers.In my first review, I talked about how they have amazing milkshakes. It was the best milkshake I have ever had. However, they have failed horribly by switching to some frozen yogurty crap which doesn't taste as good. So, they have lost their spot on my "Best Milkshakes" List. And they've lost a star for this.Well...at least their fries are still perfect.Ever since I got hooked on Chicago style hot dogs the last time I came here, I haven't found a place that actually makes the Chicago style hot dog.  Thanks to other traveling yelpers, this was the best place near my hotel.  Being from Boston, I wanted to hoof it and enjoy the Chicago scenery.  Anyways - The place immediately looked like a chain from the outside so I wasn't sure if it was going to be good but inside was a hot dog smorgasbord.  Also I didn't know what I should get with the options available.  But, since I won't get anothe Chicago style dog for awhile, I went with 2 beef hot dogs with cheddar fries.  Mmmmmmm mmmm.  Good stuff.  The hot peppers were good but the pickle was making it slightly saltier than I was craving at the time but still good.  One thing I did regret with this heart attack meal was a chocolate cake shake.  Good place to try out on your own since it's lively and has interesting memorabilia to entertain yourself.I've been told that you don't come to Chicago to lose weight... Portillo's definitely reinforces this motto to a T. Sure the meat isn't stacked as high as it is at Perry's, but MAN, the flavor in the char-grilled beef sausage was AMAZING! I hope the fact that I'm an out-of-towner doesn't diminish this place's greatness. It was a short walk from my hotel by the river. As I came up to Portillo's, its flashing lights are dwarfed by the most behemoth McDonalds I have ever seen. I will never understand why someone would ever eat at McDonalds, when you have a gem of an establishment right across the street.The atmosphere is fantastic, with plenty of seating during dinner time. I'm not sure what theme they were trying to pull off at this location, but I was thoroughly impressed with the cool Chicago sports memorabilia. This place just has a fun and low-key atmosphere. Since this was my first time in Chicago, I had to get myself some "Chicago Italian Beef", but why settle for beef on its own when you can add a delicious tasting beef sausage! So that's exactly what I did. I ordered a combo Italian beef and char-grilled sausage sandwich w/ sweet bell peppers. For the very reasonable price of about $7, you get a big sausage sandwich smother in tendered beef and two slices of sweet bell pepper. If my family didn't have a history of hypertension, I would have gotten the chili-cheese fries but I thought I'd give my heart a little break by ordering regular fries. In retrospect, I should have gotten the chili-fries-- my heart would have forgiven me. To top it all off, I got a huge glass goblet of beer. Whew, what a satisfying meal.This place has a DRIVE THRU, and it's not the Rock n' Roll McDonalds.That simple fact deserves 5 stars........and their Spaghetti and Meat Sauce is yummy.I don't get the hype, but I didn't grow up in Chicago, either.  I've only tried a salad and it was so-so, not enough veggies, too much fat.  I rarely crave fast food, but someday maybe I'll give it another shot since they are walking distance from my office.Update: just tried a hotdog and fries - yum - my first hotdog in MANY years.  After 20 years in Chicago, I finally had one all the way, and it was awesome.  The fries were hot, fresh and perfectly salty.This is why I don't like Portillo's: when you have so much tempting food around you, you always end up compromising with yourself. If you can't decide between a chili dog or an Italian beef, you end up putting chili on your Italian beef. And that is disgusting.Ok I've never done that, but when you walk into Portillo's, you will become overstimulated, confused and unhappy. Also, their Italian beef is overrated and their pasta section just shouldn't exist. I've had their chopped salad, which is decent, but you don't make friends with salad.That was really a pretty good hot dog, and certainly fit the stereotypical Chicago "dragged through the garden" mold. A bit too commercial feeling (food court atmosphere with advertisements for their catering at the tables), and the truth is: I prefer my hot dogs with a papaya juice.I could go back to try the beef.Bread Chicken ClubChicken Ceasar or Chopped SaladItalian Beefs, Ribs, and Hot Dogs...Onion rings and Cheese Fries..Chili and Soups.. ... I pretty much like everything here but the Burgers...don't come here if your going to complain on Yelp how greasy this place is...And for you first time yelpers... Read reviews on what to order... I mean who goes to portillo's for the first time and orders a effen chili dog?  Lol...Got a Maxwell street polish and onion rings.  That polish is ah-may-zing!  Good snap, slight spice, grilled onions... YOMMY!  I wish it had a little more mustard.  The Mr got the beef & cheddar and fries and really liked it.  (But he was jealous of my polish and said we may have to go back so he can have one!)We did go back and he got the polish and we also tried a coney.  We were glad to see the coney was normal coney sauce and not that Alpo looking stuff they try to give you in northern Ohio!  We both agreed that the onions on the polish tasted a little sauerkrauty for some reason and didn't care for that.  Their hot chocolate was really good.  Also, I got a cheese fry and FYI, they give you fries and then a side of cheese whiz to dip your fries in.  They don't do chili cheese fries but will give you a side if you want to dump that and your whiz on top of the fries or dip them all somehow.  Weird.  But we liked it and will go back next time we're in Chi-town.When visiting places foreign to us, my wife and I always hop onto the good ol' trusty yelp for some advice on local eats and delicacies.  Although I wouldn't consider Portillo's a delicacy, I would consider it pretty good and a nice spot for lunch if you're in the area.This particular location is huge.  It has the feel of a mall food court, which is the feel I think they were going for.  In the same address there is an Italian restaurant that seems to do a pretty good amount of catering.  There is a Walmart style greeter at the door which I found kind of unusual since you pay for your food in advance.  There was a second floor which we didn't bother to check out since it seemed to be more for overflow seating.Ordering was just like any fast food joint, place your order, pay, and slide down.  It's nice that there is a window so you can watch your food being made.  No picking of noses or sneezing at least while I was there.  We ordered a cup of chili and a beef dip for the train ride back to Michigan.  The food came out fast and we were on our way.  Two hours later was when we actually sat down for the food, And it was good!  We agreed that the sandwich was actually a step up from Al's Beef; which we had tried a day before.  Even luke warm you could tell the flavors just worked better together and seemed less greasy than Al's.  The chili get a little lower marks.  It was a little too soupy for my taste; more like a stew than the chili I'm used to.  They had a listing of their other locations and they have some out in California!  I'll have to give them a second try one of these days,  but to sum up: good beef dip, need to try the dogs, avoid the chili.Dear Portillo's.Please BAN your Polish sausage and those crisply crinkle fries.Please work on lowering the service level so it will be hard to purchase your insanely addictive food inside or through the drive through.PS - Please stop delivery.Sincerely,A FANOk. I live in Philly- the land of cheesesteaks. A native chicagoan recommended that we try Portillo's on our trip to Chicago because the Italian beef sandwich is to die for.  So, of course we had to try it.In many respects, the Italian beef sandwich is simply just a cheesesteak- it uses the lowest quality meat that still counts as being edible, there are peppers and onions on it (or can be), and the bread is an Italian loaf.  I was terrified I would order it incorrectly and be denied a sandwich, as sometimes happens in Philly. Not having to use a "fancy" cheesesteak language was a huge relief. The sandwich would have beaten out a Cheesesteak for 2 reasons: it's slightly spicy and totally loaded with lots of tasty flavor.  Based on taste alone, it wins- hands down.  However, Chicago's version of a cheesesteak didn't beat out Philly simply because the sandwich was HORRIBLY greasy.  Even before I unwrapped it the grease was soaking through the wax paper.  It made the bread soggy in a gross way and left a giant puddle underneath.  I had to wash my face. Nice try, portillo's. Figure out how to degrease your sandwich, then you can give the Philly cheesesteak a run for it's money.If you're going to go to this place for anything, GET THE CHOCOLATE CAKE MILKSHAKE.  It's exactly what it sounds like and is simply amazing.Portillo's lived up to all the hype that I've been hearing! We went on a Saturday and the place was packed with regulars and tourists. For the large crowd of people, the staff had things pretty organized and flowing smoothly. The food was great- we had a Jumbo Hot Dog and the Italian Beef. The hot dog was decent, but the Italian Beef was delicious! Both we a little messy, so grab a few more napkins. The portions are large, you can probably even share an order. I really want to go back and try some of their beers on tap.Now that we live in Chicago, we will be going there more frequently.This place feels like a tourist trap, but the food isn't overpriced.  The ribs are pretty darn good, and the portions are satisfying.  Coming from California, everything here is a little too greasy for me.  Maybe it's a Midwest thing?  I tried the Italian Beef and the Maxwell Street Polish.  Grease soaked through the wrapping, bag and napkins...I guess it works for Chicagoans!One thing I will never understand is the Chocolate Cake Shake.  That thing is like diabetes in a non-compostable cup.  So bad for you, but we are in America after all.Nevertheless I take visitors from out of town because of their fairly complete collection of unique Chicago-styled street food.  3 stars!We did a little tasting of Portillo's hotdogs/sausages and here's my evaluation. 1) Char grilled Maxwell Street style polish -- soft fragrant caramelized onions, strong salty sausage flavor, nice crunch to the skin. Very nice. 1) Jumbo hotdog -- mustard, onion, tomato, and jalapeño flavors nicely mask the flavorless soggy hotdog without the crunchy skin that I crave. 3) Jumbo chili cheese dog -- same blah hotdog as the jumbo but this time smothered with actually very good chili. The beans in the chili are almost 'al dente' (not too soft and mushy). The ambience is pretty cool with red checkered tables, piped in bluegrass music, posters and Americana artwork that give you that fourth of July feel. There's outdoor seating and a 2nd floor. The setup is cafeteria style, no waiter service.NOM. NOM. NOM. Total tourist spot, but whatev -- they have good food! Husband and I each ordered the signature hotdog, shared the cheese fries and inhaled all of it.He opted for the cold beer on the side and I got a large lemonade for fear that I would may throw up if I indulged in a chocolate cake shake to wash down my delicious hot dog in the 80+ degree weather outside.I just wished that I knew there was a frozen custard stand inside there, too! I would've strategized better and gone on an emptier stomach.Consider me a convert. When someone described a Chicago dog to me, I thought it was weird. But I happened to be walking by here and decided to drop in after reading a lot of positive reviews. I ordered the standard Chicago dog for a great price of $2.45. It comes topped with: "mustard, relish, freshly chopped onions, sliced red ripe tomatoes, kosher pickle and sport peppers piled onto a perfectly steamed poppy seed bun." There's something about this combination that just works. I could have done without the sliced tomatoes, but having the kosher pickle and peppers really gave it a special flavor and balance of heat and crunch. The hot dog itself was also an excellent tasting all-beef dog. If this hadn't been a spur of the moment snack, I would have tried a lot more. But I was plenty satisfied with the dog. This place is cool because it's kind of like a food court. There are several counters with different things at each one. One counter does italian beef, another hot dogs, one for salads and stuff, and one for desserts. I had to stop myself from trying the frozen custard and the italian beef. There was plenty of seating, although I was there on a Monday afternoon. The line was manageable, but again, probably because it was during a slow time.I'm from LA where the bacon wrapped street dog is king, so my standards are pretty high haha.  I ordered the hot dog and italian beef sandwich.  The hot dog was good.  Only missing ketchup! From what friends told, ketchup on Chicago dog is a sin.The kosher pickle and poppy seed bun, really made the hot dog good.  The Chicago Style hotdog wasn't great but it also wasn't terrible.  On the other hand the italian beef sandwich was disappointing.  The only good thing about this was the French bread that the beef was on.  Save your time and pass on the italian beef.This was one of the few places EVERYONE told me to try when I came to visit Chicago.  I would say overall, this place is good, not mind-blowing.They have all kinds of delicious hots dogs, burgers, salads (of course we came here for the hot dogs).  We got the chicago style hot dogs and the chili dog.  Both delicious but something I feel like I can get somewhere else or make in my kitchen.  The original (chicago) hot dog has grilled peppers and onions right on top.  The lady right in front of us in line said THIS IS THE HOT DOG TO GET IF YOU ARE VISITNG CHICAGO FOR THE FIRST TIME (no she's not yelling at us).  Thank you for your suggestion because it was pretty delicious.The chili dog was again, good, but not amazing.  Overall I would definitely say worth trying esp if first time in Chicago but don't expect to have the best hot dogs ever.I'm a New Yorker!!!  I like Kraut on my dogs!!Well I have to admit, this was a wonderful change.  I am now hooked on Chicago dogs after visiting Portillo's las week.  Also, that German sausage was incredible!!!Portillo's- 5 StarsPortillo's, I love you.  Love is such a strong word. But you've earned it.  It's like the world's best food court.  Get the Chicago dog, strawberry shortcake, and the chocolate cake shake.  I know the cake-cake thing might seem excessive, but you can eat your cake and drink it too!  Do it.  Then profess your love to them, and then to me since I sent you.I have always had a soft spot in my heart for a delicious, traditional hot dog. After reading "Never Put Ketchup on a Hot Dog," I knew I had to try Portillo's. There is something special about a standard, italian beef hot dog and Portillo's does it right. Hot dogs aren't the healthiest food, but I feel like the size of the Portillo hot dog is reasonable that people can enjoy every now and then. It is delicious, and I got the onion rings as well. YUMMY! Very well priced, clean establishment and everyone there was very friendly and energetic. Can't wait to go back!This place is great and you have to go if you haven't ever been.  They are famous for their Chicago style hot dogs and Italian Beefs.  It is an interesting atmosphere, covered in the relics of Chicago's past.  They have a huge selection and I'm told everything is good.In regards to the food, I certainly agree the Chardog is one of the best around town.  It has flavor, is fresh, and is pretty much everything you want in a hotdog.  Note: On busy days, you will save yourself time by going with the boiled version, as the line is typically much shorter and the dog is just as good (but not better).  I was let down by the Italian Beef, it was dry even though I got it dipped.  I have to say, that of the 2 italian beefs (also from Al's Beef) that they were both dry, so that might be a defect in the sandwich, I'm not sure, but it IS noticeable.The staff is courteous and fast.  You better know your order ahead of time, cause they come around and write it down on your bag before you get to the counter.I haven't tried it, but everyone raves about the Chocolate Cake.great Italian Beef Sandwich with hot peppers.  My only complaint is even though i ordered in, the place still wraps the sandwich making the bread a little soggy, but the sandwich was still out of this world.  The total cost is around $10 including fries and drink. The Shake...BOMB. Soo good, nothing like it.  I tried the famous hot dog the following day, however I was a bit disappointed.  Small wiener with relish, onions, pickle and hot pepper, 2STARS.  Costco hot dog is much better in my opinion, plus you get a drink for under a deuce. You can not go wrong with that.good for variety, I'm told there are better places to get what they serve.  One thing I will say, go, take a crowd, everyone will be happy they came.  There are many locations and I have been to two.  Each one was yummy and our party of 7 were all pleased not to mention we all ordered different items...YMMV (your milage may vary)After being recommended by all possible Chicagoans residing the LA area, I knew this was stop I had to fit into my short stay in the windy city.It didn't disappoint.My friend and I ordered jumbo hot dogs with fries, their world famous chocolate cake shake, and a large soda for good measure (to water down all the grease and sugars with some good ol' hydrogenated corn syrup). The fries were unbelievably good despite looking like your typical plastic french fry-shaped chew toy. Crispy on the outside, and not served overly hot on the inside: perfection in a stick. The hot dog was deliciously juicy and filled to the brim with traditional condiments. At this standard, it was disappointing to see an end to its consumption. And the shake? A shocker. Not too sweet, not too creamy, not too viscous. Still, it's a rich dessert, and I just didn't have the heart to finish all of it (literally).Food aside, the holiday decor of the place is nothing I've experienced before. Many of the pieces display the history and culture of Chicago, making the place extremely interesting for tourists like myself. The atmosphere is great for groups of friends and families, and especially kids. At least, that's what the Santa Spongebob seemed to suggest.Coooooool. This place is just plain COOL. YOu come in and its huuuuge! HIgh high ceilings, two stories high. This place has 2 "restaurants" in 1, a ribs and salads "line" and a hot dogs and hamburger "line". Im not sure if its the same owner since each place has its own Name...... or  if its business partners joining forces. Whichever...I love the set-up. It has a farm-like, classic,  oldies, back yonder days-like feel to it. With the overalls hanging on a clothesline, boxers and bra undergarments...You order, get your receipt, wait for your number, pick up your food, enjoy, and clean up after yourself. The chicago dog...now I had chicago dogs before and never really got hooked. It was just ehh. But this place....made a fan outta me. The chicago dog was better than the polish dog...even though very good. A crunch when you bite into it. Dined on the cheap at less than $8 for those two items. Drew in all kinds of people during lunch hour.I give this place a 3.Nice greasy, hangover type food. (BUT GOOD)Nothing there is "good" for you.It serves its purpose!Came back here again on my second trip to Chicago last month. I wanted to give this place another shot after reading all the reviews on Yelp. Oh man am I glad I did! Second times the charm I guess. On my recent visit we ordered the polish sausage dog, chicken noodle soup, cheese fries, the beef sandwich, and the cake shake. We were really satisfied with everything.... except the cake shake I guess. I'd probably pass on order that again, it was basically a piece of cake put in a blender with milk and cream added. I really liked my sausage dog with grilled onions and mustard! The onions were perfectly cooked and I loved that the dog was crisy on both sides! The soup wasn't the best I've ever had but it was decent and it complimented the meal well. The beef sandwich was really good! Very flavorful and the bread was good with it.If you are going to Chicago, you have to eat here! You won't regret it! And the prices are really good too!For an out of towner, this is a great place to get all of the Chicago food you'll hear all about!  Do not miss the cake shake!I like to get the double bacon cheeseburger and a Chicago hot dog. It's good stuff, rich. The burger almost chokes you with fat and protein; the hot dog is light in comparison, topped with lots of onions and peppers and a pickle slice.It gets busy as hell and the food can be a while in coming. I'm impatient. I like my fast food fast. So I usually skip Portillo's and leave it to the tourists.Chicago landmark, known more for its atmosphere, location, and shtick than anything. Not the best Chicago-style dog out there by far, though... Bring back Demon Dogs!While I'm sure that there isn't a single superlative that I could use in this review that hasn't already been written to describe Portillo's, I'm gonna write this review anyway!  I guess I need to express just how good this place is no matter how many people know just how good this place is.We were visiting Chicago not for the first time so we knew that we were going to choose Portillo's for at least one meal.  Our two teenage boys, however, who had never been with us prior to this stop, would alter those plans after that initial visit.The first stop was outstanding but we stuck to the basics ... and at Portillo's, sticking to the basics means ordering the two best items on the menu and then relishing your decision to do so.  We  went with the Chicago-style dogs and the boys with the Italian beef sandwiches.  Fries with both and we were set to eat, talk about the vacation (we were all in a pretty boisterous mood after an afternoon of sight-seeing and shopping), and then head back to the hotel to plan the evening.  All but the talking happened ... great food has the ability to halt communication and as soon as we started eating, things got real quiet at the table.  With the exception of an approving grunt or two and a failed attempt of one boy to steal a fallen slice of Italian beef from the other, I don't even recall much of what went on at the table until the smoke cleared and we all sat ... stuffed ... staring at one another.Silence, until finally this exchange:Teenage boy: "We need to come back here."Parent: "Oh definitely, we always make this a stop when we visit Chicago."Teenage boy: "No, I mean tonight."Parent: "Umm, well we have so many other places we want to eat ... so I don't think so guys."Five-and-a-half hours later as we sat at the booth in Portillo's for the second time in less than what would be a regular work shift for most people, I was happy to concede that the saying, "You can never get too much of a good thing" applied to the place that took a hot dog and made it the meal of choice for us twice in a day ... and again the following day.  Not kidding folks.If you go to Chicago, make certain to stop here.  At least twice.I got the Italian beef ($6.30.) I'm no expert but I thought it was pretty good. Not something ill dream about, but I liked it. The "famous" Chocolate Cake ($3.00) I saw people raving about was just alright, too. I expected a lot more. I have zero complains about the food, but I wasn't really blown away by it either. The atmosphere in this place is great though. Loved how laid back and cool it was. Definitely a breath of fresh air from all the more pretentious, pricey restraints near by. Id go back again, but I'm sure there's better food near by.Ate here tonight with my husband and two kids. Husband and I both got the Maxwell. Kids both got plain hotdogs. Large fries, regular onion rings (seemed overfried) 2 small drinks $23. Price was fine. Food was just okay. Nothing to write home about. Service was fast and fairly friendly. Not rude at all. They were out of vanilla ice cream.Hotdog, Italian beef dipped and choc cake- this place was so delicious and will always be on my list when I visit ChicagoSuper busy, but super good!!!!Was really excited to go to Portillo's as I've heard many many times that this place "is Chicago". Honestly, I wasn't really impressed. If you don't know what you're doing the restaurant is very intimidating. It's a pain in the arse to have to order Italian beef from one window and pasta from another to ensure your entire family eats. The french fries are delicious and the strawberry shortcake with marscapone is heavenly. otherwise .... eh ... not a fan.We made a long journey of a walk to get here from millennium park, but thankfully it was worth it. The food is so simple looking, but tastes great! The environment is fun and friendly and the staff is great and entertaining!If you are gonna eat fast food, this is the place to go.  They have locations all over the area, with fairly consistent decent food and service. This one is right in the heart of the touristy Ontario street strip, with a big Mickey D's right across the street. This is definately a better choice. They do a good job with all the basics; hot dogs, burgers, etc. I usually go through the drive through which is often busy but efficient. You have to access it off of Clark St., which is one way Southbound at that point.  If you like seafood, try the grilled tuna, my favorite. For $4 you get a beautiful grilled slab of tuna steak on a bun with lettuce, tomato and sauce if you want it. Don't try to eat it while you're driving though. You need a bib for this one.The summer is not complete unless I've had my run at Portillos!When I think of having a dog, fries....italian beef...this is the place...have a cold soda and perhaps whatever tasty sweet they got and I'm a happy camper!I find myself popping into Portillo's every blue moon, and it's generally pretty good. My only problem is with the service when you're picking up your food. I often find that once I've gotten to my table that they have made a mistake and given me a wrong item, or size. I'm sure it's a crappy job, but this seems to happen quite often. I don't complain, but I doubt they'd even care. Hmmph!Love the salads!Its a beef sandwich on the go.  They have fast service and the staff is .......well, suprisingly REALLY friendly.  Everytime I've gone there I have been shocked by how accomidating and friendly everyone is.KUDOS for Portillos for being so friendly and offering a great product!!!!Other than Hot Doug's, this is one of my favorite place... but - every time I go they seem to forget something and the staff aren't the friendlies out there... but, with that said, you should check it out if you haven't been.  For some of my friends, it's actually a reason why they can't leave the state... I always get the burger and fries but the salad is great too.  They have the best chocolate cake around!  Seriously - Portillo's!  YUMPretty f'ing good.  I agree that the staff isn't the friendliest, but it's so fast and busy, I don't care.  It's not like it's the Uptown Post Office (see the reviews).  I love it.  You can't get a better burger and fries ANYWHERE downtown.  I used to like Patty Burger, but this place is faster, CHEAPER, and extraordinarily better.  Broiled instead of fried, and the beef is seasoned.   Heard the salads were good.  I can't wait to try more of the menu.Chocolate Cake Shake.How I dream of you.I get you thrice a year.And each time brings me closer to Nirvana.I require moar of these.This is a nice inexpensive place where you can choose from an assortment of good food that Chicago is known for.  Pizza, Italian beef, ribs, it's a smorgasbord of food delights.I chose a half rack of ribs and LOVED each and every one of them.  The meat fell off the bone and the sauce was great.  My only regret was that I didn't order a full rack.If you want cheap eats and some good gut-sticking meat, definitely check this place out.I was born and raised in Chicago and Portillo's is a must every time I go home.  A great staple representative of all your Chicago favorites from italian beef sandwiches to maxwell street polish sausages.  Their service is always quick and the restaurants are always clean.  Many of their locations are VERY busy especially during the dinner/lunch rush.  Most locations have a drive thru and station additional order takers outside who write up your order so all you have to do is hand it to someone in the first window for them to ring you up.  My must haves everytime I go there:  the fish sandwich is awesome and their cheese fries are to die for.  Bonus:  Some locations have Bartelli's Pasta and Salad and they make amazing salads and pastas that my mother and sisters just love.  Personally I would never have anything but what I ALWAYS get but it is nice to please everyone in your party.Con:  I live in Seattle.Order a chocolate cake shake, and a hot dog. That's all you need to know. Both were fantastic and very flavorful. A cake shake really is just like drinking cake.It's just really great, simple, delicious food.Solid drunk food. Incredibily unhealthy but  tasty. A good introduction to Chicago cuisine. By the way, does Chicago even have healthy food stuffs? I only ate greasy deep dish pizzas, Chicago style hot dogs, and italian beef sandwiches the whole time I visited. But I digress.....I'm sure it would have tasted much different if I were sober. Bah. Whatever.Oh yes, the servers are incredibly rude. They look like they just absolutely HATE their job.Where do I begin. Damn this is some good food!I don't how they managed to do this, but everything on the menu is delish.Salads, desserts, hot dogs etc.I wake in the middle of the night sometimes in a cold sweat,needing a char- burger w/ everything EXCEPT ketchup (Chicago law), American cheese, bacon, on a croissant, onion rings and a strawberry shake. Or an Italian beef dipped w/cheese and hot peppers W/ cheese fries.This location and  the one in Summit are my faves.I cant explain the bliss I feel after visiting Portillos. Wheeeww this food could kill me, but I'll die happy........GREAT chicago-style hot dog (dog has a snappier texture than most - i like that!!!)Great Italian beef (ordered it wet - it was really wet! once again, I like that, but my lady wasn't too crazy about it)Great fries. Very inexpensive, good atmosphere. Do yourself a favor and go if you are in Chi-town.It was Sunday and so my stand by for Italian Beef sandwiches, Max's, was closed.  I was a little concerned about a beef sandwich from a "hot dog" place, but oh so wrong was I.  Max's is a lunch counter type place: Stool, eat fast.  Portillo's is huge -- TGIFridays huge.  ....and the beef (dipped with double hot peppers) was GREAT!  Meat was more well done than most, but very flavorful with the perfect grease quotient.  Giardiniera  was very tasty.  Service was a big plus.  Everyone was very friendly, even chiding me for not trying them first.  They come by to pick up your mess - can you believe I made a mess with my drippy wonderful sandwich :) ?  and then they give you hand wipes.  Clean bathrooms too.  This place is a keeper.You can't help but love this Chicago staple. Personally, I've only gone for the Italian Beef with mozzarella, peppers and au jus all over that mo'fo. It's quite possibly the most perfect food -- juicy, starchy, spicy, soothing in all its glory. I've heard the hot dogs are quite tasty, but I've had an aversion to hot dogs since childhoodthatand peas. Anywho, if you are a local or in the city for a day looking for a quick bite that won't break the bank this is the spot. Would also like to add the salads are very good as well, if not a tad overpriceddeepen the serving, guys.What is not to love about this place?  Best beef, dogs, chicken sandwiches, and the chocolate cake in both cake and shake form are out of this world.Hung over, bone sober, whatever your current situation you just cannot go wrong with Portillo's.I have gone in determined to get something other than the italian beef with hot peppers but once at the counter something comes over me and it is the only thing I ever order.  They are very very very good.  Extremely consistent, tender meat, just plain tasty.  I don't care that  it is a chain or tourist trap, get over yourself!!!Fries are not shabby, chocolate cake wonderful, had better chocolate shakes.Wow...for 5 bucks I got a HUGE Italian sausage hot dog topped with sweet peppers, a side of crinkled fries, and a large soda. I was starving after my 4-hour flight and expected to chow down on everything but wasn't able to even finish half of my hot dog. That's how big it was.The sausage was extremely juicy and flavorful. I should have opted for the spicy peppers as the sweet were a little to bland for me. It definitely needed a punch of heat. Nonetheless, it was yummy, with the toasty roll quickly soaked up all the flavors of the sausage and peppers. DROOL.It can't be denied that Portillo's makes amazing American fare. But,  when it comes to their Italian beef, I would pick Al's over Portillo's any day of the week. The greasy goodness of Al's just can't be beat. Portillo's sandwiches aren't as greasy and I feel that it doesn't have as much flavor.If you really want to see Portillo's shine, then you will have to try their hot dogs. Chicago style hot dogs with all the toppings...a meal in and of  itself. Just remember to never put on any ketchup.This is my suggestion. Head to Portillo's and get yourself a great Chicago style hot dog. Then walk one block west to Al's and get their Italian beef. That my friends, is a perfect meal!5 stars for Portillo's delicious chocolate cake shake!Portillo's was my first meal in Chicago. The hot dog was unique. It had every possible flavor--sweet, sour, spicy, savory. It even was a sight for the eyes--those black poppy seeds are quite disturbing for trypophobics like me. Portillo's also, fittingly, was my last meal in Chicago. The spaghetti was delicious and made me feel at home. Of course, no meal was complete without the chocolate cake shake. If the airport allowed liquids over 3 oz to carry on, without a doubt, you would've found 2+ cups of chocolate cake shake in my bag. :)Fantastic American style food done to perfection. I ordered the Char Grilled Maxwell Street Style Polish and fries. The Polish was delicious.Snappy and crunchy on the inside. Filled with flavor on the inside. Nothing too exceptional about the fries. My friend and ordered a Chocolate Cake Shake to share. The shake for me was way too heavy. We only finished about 1/4 of the shake and had to throw it away because it was too much. If heavy shakes are your thing definitely try the Chocolate Cake Shake.  On another excursion to Portillo's Hot Dogs after a wonderful day at the beach I ordered Combo Beef and Char Grilled Sausage. The combination of the succulent beef and its juices with the snappiness and smokey flavor of the sausage was perfect. I also ordered a slice of their chocolate cake. I thought the chocolate cake was a bit dry. Not the best cake I had. Overall Portillo's Hot Dogs is a wonderful place for good American food. I definitely want to try the ribs the next time I go!I absolutely love Portillo's. Something about this place is just so very Chicago and very very good. Anytime I have friends come visit me or state they want a Chicago hot dog I take them there. It really is a great place to grab a meal while you are down in this area and don't want to pay a fortune for a meal but also do not want McDonald's. My personal favorite thing to get here is there Italian Beef Sandwiches! With an order of their hot and delicious fries I just cannot resist!If you are not in the mood for those offerings, Barnelli's is just a few steps away from the Portillo's line. The chopped salad here is really good as well as all of the pasta dishes. I haven't had a single thing here that I did not like. So, if in Chicago, please plan a stop at Portillo's! You will not forget it!Homer Simpson's mouth would be watering if they had Portillo's in Springfield. MMMM BUUUURGEEER!Cheddar Burger, Cheddar Fries, Cheddar italian beef croissant.Am I in a parallel universe!?! Everything has CHEDDAR in it?Portillo's is awesome. Whenever I come here I end up eating so much I feel ill.Also you can not seriously go without indulging in the guilty pleasure of their chocolate cake, it is seriously good..., I wanna have my birthday here, but only at the one in Chicago haha. Any other Portillo's that would hang a Jordan jersey wouldn't seem fit. My gf Diane, her cousin Kristine & I had gone here after a night of drinking @ that piano bar Howl at the Moon. Just the ambiance in this place was awesome. That's when it really sank in that we weren't in CA anymore. Just hearing the hustle & bustle from the city outside hyped it up for me. This place is huge, downstairs & upstairs, plenty of seating w/ an assembly line of workers doin what they do best. I had ordered an Italian sausage sandwich, cheese fries, and a lemonade. I would've grabbed a beer but we had an open bar at a wedding right after. The meat in that sandwich was unbelievable, so tender and full of flavor and that bun was so soft and moist. Their cheese fries were like crack, I kept fingering the container for more cheese. We left against our will but returned later that night via taxi after the wedding, only to find ourselves eating for a 2nd round. I ordered the same but doubled my order so I'd have a midnight snack later that night. We also ordered a chocolate cake which is definately a must. Has so much flavor and is really moist, no sales pitch needed for that lil guy. Now back in Cali & I'm eager to try the Portillo's in Buena Park to contrast & compare. Keep it going Portillo's!I was in town for a week recently and just had to go back to Portillo's for the chocolate cake shake.  First, a little backstory though...when I lived in town, I took some of my friends' that visited to Portillo's for the authentic Chicago food.  One guy ordered a cake shake and as we ate, he raved about how good it was, so much so, that another one of my friends had to have one.  Second friend got his cake shake, and was similarly raved about how delicious it was.  As he got to the end of his shake, he took the lid off so he could spoon up the rest of his cake and shake...*but* when he took the lid off, it turned out he only got a regular shake, no cake.  Just funny, because the whole time he was drinking about it, he was raving about how good a chocolate cake shake was...Anywho...it was much better than I remembered, so much so, that I had to go back a second time before I left town.  Oh, those sips where you get a piece of cake and frosting together with the shake...hello heaven in a straw!i have been coming here since I was a kid. I used to get Chicago style hot dogs (which are still my go to if I can't decide) and I have gotten pretty much everything from a chicken sandwich to the Big Beef. Everything here is amazing.if I had to recommend one thing, it would be a Big Beef, dipped, hot peppers, and mozzarella cheese. With fries too.The atmosphere is also really cool. It brings you back to gangster life in Chicago's prohibition era. Pretty cool.A very hip place to eat a brand name dog with taste. Cheese fries and a smile can go a long way.  Eating inside here is a fun, friendly place with all the condiments you can use.  I dressed my dog with lots of relish and mustard and cheese here.  For a good Chicago styled dog.Oh Portillo's, so yummy!!  Had lunch here yesterday before I headed to the airport.  Had the Italian Beef with hot peppers. Fantastic!!  Bought a 2.5# pound bag of meat, a large container of gravy and six buns to bring back.Employee's were all friendly.  Disappointed in the onion rings so I won't be getting them again. Looking forward to going back when I'm in town next month.This place is dear to my heart, I always go via drive through, The people who take your orders, the ones who dispense you're change/ swipe your plastic and the ones who bring you your food are all sweet and efficient!Usually i get a hot dog and cheese fry, and i pick up something for the boyfriend, which is usually the same, or a triple cheese burger and an additional cheese fry, and a chocolate shake. It's always an experience cause they all gimme funny looks, and they reiterate the order back to you to make sure it's the right one, and they're ALWAYS like is this all just for you??! and i always say yes, it's great. Oh and the triple cheese burger may not be on the menu but you just have to ask, and you shall receive!I give this place 5 stars, because of the atmosphere.  Don't get me wrong though, the food was pretty good.  Supposedly this place was a place we had to go to, so we stopped by.  We came for lunch and it was bustling with people and the decor was very unique.  Got in line and the waitress took our order in line, wrote it all on a paper bag, and paid for it at the cashier.I ended up ordering a Chicago Dog.  It was the first time I had a hotdog with mustard, relish, onions, tomatoes, peppers, and a spear pickle.  Really liked all the ingredients on the dog, but I think I could have done without the pickle, because there was already relish.  The hotdog itself was like any other dog, so I didn't really taste the difference there.  There are a lot of other options in food besides hotdogs.  Would be a great place for a quick bite that is unique to Chicago.A fun atmosphere for a quick, cheap bite to eat. I had a hot dog last time I was there, and wasn't that impressed, so this time I tried the Italian beef. It was fine, but WAAAY too greasy. I had a salad to try to balance out the grease I was putting in my body. But then topped it off with a strawberry frozen custard sundae (oh, the constant struggles I face).Hot dog: 2*Italian beef: 3*Strawberry Frozen custard: 4*I was off to Wrigley Field and needed a quick bite to eat at a well known and tasty Chicago establishment. I headed off to Portillos to try a Chicago hot doggggg and an Italian beef sandwich.Portillos is a cool looking place with all sorts of cool memorabilia hanging on the wall for you to take in. The service was quick and the food came out hot and ready to eat.I thought the hot dog was great and I enjoyed the way Chicago presents their version of the classic dog. The beef sandwich was also good it wasn't quite my thing and I doubt I would have it again but it was worth trying.Portillos is great for a quick inexpensive tasty meal!OMG! Visited chicago for fun, and we heard everyone telling us to go to hot dougs. Sadly, it was closed on sundays so we went to portillos, and OMG NO REGRETS! The lines were long and ambiance really casual and relaxed. We ordered the original chicago dog and the polish dog (my favorite!) And the italian beef sub (I had about 3 italian beefs while I was there and this one was my favorite!). I'm from california and I learned chicagoeans don't put ketchup on their hot dogs BECAUSE THEY DON'T NEED IT! Fresh diced tomatoes taste better for sure. Then I realized that there's one in buena park 30 minutes from where I live! Definitely going there soon! Yummmy! I think I took some pictures so ill post it soon!After arriving from the airport and settling into our hotel my fiancé and I came here to eat our first ever meal in Chicago and 2 stars is the best I can give with all the hype. We ordered the Italian beef sandwich w/ both sweet peppers and hot peppers, cheese fries, and chocolate cake shake. The sandwich was on the salty side. We found that the beef was not seasoned but the veggies were overly seasoned which made for an interesting meal. The cheese was bland for our fries. And the chocolate cake shake was like eating ice cream with 2 brownies under it. You really had to chew the shake, which I liked. What we found good was pouring the bland cheese over our overly seasoned sandwich to make a more stabilizing taste. There are also other stations where you can order your beer, desserts, and others like ribs pasta and pizza. The food was okay but not nearly as good as people make it out to be.Portillos is still 5 stars to me!All under one roof.... Great Chicago hot dogs, burgers, Italian beef, chopped salads, lasagna, ribs.... Just good food!Good attitude and reasonable prices.... Portillos still rocks!I have been here everytime I have visited Chicago. At first because, I was the food tourist. Then the other times as a host for other people wanting to try 'Chicago' food. I know (and read about) of places that could be better, but this is a solid place. The cost is low and you really do get to try a few different things Chicago is known for, under one roof. On my last two visits I ordered both the hot dog with everything and the italian beef. The bread on the italian beef can get soggy fast, so be aware of that. I'm also a big fan of the old fashioned crinkle cut fries. Simple, crispy, and delicious. When it comes to fries, it doesn't take a lot to please me.Regular hot dog was not filling - but the italian sausage was RIDICULOUS! DELICIOUS! I came here twice because the first time the shake machine was broken and Yelpers said you could not miss the chocolate cake shake. Well, I really could miss it. It was okay - way too rich for me (and I love me some chocolate). But I will eat that italian sausage anyday!Loved the flavor of the Chicago dog.I would opt for a different sausage, I like mine meaty. The sausage was a bit puny. I guess I am used to Costco sausages for their hot dog.Very yummy, must try if you are here in Chicago.Didn't see what the big deal was about this place.3- stars for, it's just okay. =/A Benny Goodman tune filled the air as we walked into portillo's on a warm january Friday evening.I had been to Portillo's years ago and thought it would be a good stop for the family during our destination wedding in Chicago. The different lines(registers) for pastas and salads/dogs and fries/desserts/beer and wine- can be just a touch confusing but did not keep everyone from enjoying this place. Great atmosphere and old timey photographs and vibe. PlusOld jazz/swing played throughout the meal. PlusPatient and efficient staff behind the madness. PlusI ordered three hot dogs. Ate 'em up no problem... didn't have time to order more (had to get to blackhawks game) so after the wedding the next day a few of us flagged a taxi and swung back by to get a few more dawgs! Price is right too. Highly recommended.Maxwell St. Polish! Drooool....A great casual place. Order at the counter on the right, pick up on the left. The salad bar & custard counters are separate, along the side. Love it!This was my first experience with the legendary Chicago dog. Being a New Yorker, I tend to be pretty smug and obnoxious about many things and I went in ready to snark about Chicago and its lame hot dogs. Well, this place shut me up. Although I'm still not a huge fan of boiling my pups, here, it works. The wiener was of excellent quality and the taste and texture were very good. I also really loved all the toppings and it was much easier to eat than I expected.For the record, I DID NOT top my hot dog with ketchup. Want to clarify lest the Windy City Food Police track my ass down in NY and drag me back to Chicago and force feed me crappy Giordano's pizzas....ugh.Great Hot Dogs ,fries, and speedy service! A must when your downtown Chicago during lunch.Woweee! A simple Hot Dog so very delicious. A very fun place also.Dont think I've come here enough, 3-4 times a month is not enough. This has by far the best Italian beef ive ever tasted in my 24 years of growing up in Chicago. And cant forget the jumbo hot dog with cheese fries! And I mean jumbo hot dog, don't be lame and get the regular- I'm telling you now.Got a Chicago-style hot dog (sans the peppers) and french fries. So good. We ended up going to another Portillos two days later. Tried the onion rings the next time.  Very, very good as well.Look, the hot dog was good, no doubt, and the chocalte cake shake was awesome too, but at the end of the day, thi is not a 5 star place, people.  you can get as good a hot dog at like 12 other places, too.  maybe next time i have to try some of the other menu items to see what the craze is about.Sorry, if you're not giving their hot dogs five stars, you can just get out.I've grown up in this city and have had the worst Chicago dog, roast beef, and saddest excuse of a Polish (ain't a polish unless its got kraut) ever in my life. Need more real Maxwells and Mr Beefs (which isn't far) up in hereIf you live in Chicago you know Portillo's and you know it's awesome, this coming from an avid In-N-Out Cali girl.  I live TWO blocks from the River North location and still get it delivered, no judgement please. The lines can become 5 people wide and out the door filled with obnoxious after school kids bumping you with their backpacks and foreigners crouching down on the ground to get the perfect skyscraper angle of the interior decor.  That may sound kind of rude but Portillo's is only allowed in my place occasionally on hangover days when replenishment of cheese fries nutrients are crucial to survival, so the cranky hungry girl in line is inevitable. With that in mind, DiningIn delivery feels like the right decision. One thing you do get when taking on this hot dog spot is the charismatic staff yelling out your number " 78 don't make me wait!" "64, knockin' on your door!" "99 this dog smells fine!" Oh wait, I actually made those up while waiting in the damn line and then shared my material w the mama hen who works her pipes all day everyday. I got a free strawberry shortcake, mmm. Great dogs/chili cheese dog w/ onions/cheese fries/grilled chicken sandwich. Have to get the jumbo dog though otherwise a girl is just not satisfied. Everyone says the beef n cheddar croissant is a god send but I have my limits, guilt, and remorse as it is. Oh and the meatballs! The meatballs are gooood. So go during off hours and not when school gets out. Drive through seems to operate the same way, blocking up traffic for a block down Clark Street. Or do as I do and over order to meet the Diningin.com purchase requirements and bring Portillo's to YoU~*I usually love Portillo's, however, I ordered a chicken sandwich at the River North restaurant last Friday, December 14 and was violently ill the entire weekend. My boyfriend was poisoned from his chicken sandwich, as well. My sister ordered a hot dog and she was fine. I tried to call the next day to speak to the manager and they put me on hold for 20+ minutes. I'm sure they were backed up with other complaints of food poisoning. Great food but beware of the chicken and/or the preperation.Probably one of the best Chicago Style Dogs out there right now.I've been coming to one Portillo's location or another since I was a boy. Each  location has a different theme of sorts, either 1930's Prohibition or the Swingin 50's/60's. I prefer the 60's style Portillo's, but whatever will do.The hot dog with everything came fully loaded with all the perfect fixins. It was delicious. Only bad thing is that the dogs are long and stick out of the bun on each side about an inch, which freaks me out and I have to bite the tips off first and spit it out and then continue on to enjoy my hot dog. Their fries are always delicious as well as the shakes.If you are not in the mood for a hot dog, or meat, might I recommend the Grilled Yellow Fin Tuna Sandwich... it rules.Beef with extra hots.. Thats what this is based on ...Its good..I could write yet another lengthy review, but let me break it down for you:Good pricesDelicious food***Great*** cake shakeRoomy and efficient serviceGood place for visitorsSo grateful to have discovered Portillos! In fact, I discovered it this week and have eaten it three times this week. Once driving by, I pointed Portillos out to my friend saying I had heard they had the best hot dogs. He asked me why I keep talking about hot dog places when I don't like hot dogs. So we passed on Portillo's until a friend highly recommended it.The regular hot dog, and the chili dog are fantasic. The sesame bun was soft and delicious and the hot dog and toppings were so flavorful. We also shared a big beef with mozzarella and hot peppers. So delicious, and doesn't feel as fattening as it must be. I've had the beef twice since then and loved it every time. The fries are only so so, and the onion rings are a little sweet for my taste. But this is a great fast food option that is open pretty late, which is perfect for my schedule and my budget!I've been having serious cravings for Italian beef this week!   I'm from here and know a lot of not-so-famous places to get a decent beef around town, but my last three trips - yes three beefs in the last 5 days - by chance were at a few of the "famous" places.Sorry Al's fans (original on Taylor street) they aren't doing it for me anymore.  If you live in the area it's really not such a big deal. It is just one of several places to get Italian beef, and my last few trips have been pretty bland and way overpriced....freaking $9 for a beef and drink.  No thanks.  And it has been declining in taste, in my opinion.  I don't give a crap about the hype, it's not a big deal for me.  And come up for a different name other than "combo" for the sausage and beef sandwich!  In every other joint anywhere a "combo" involves more than one food item, not just a freaking sandwich!   But they nickel and dime you for every thing at Al's so it's no surprise they are oblivious to the concept of a combo meal. ugh.  (yeah, yeah, I'll post this on their review too).Al's on Ontario - good standby, plus they'll make it with my twists without any problem (unlike original above).  But, again, just okay, but I would have to say they have more courteous employees of the three.Now, I usually avoid the tourist mecca around Ohio/Ontario/Clark, but have been finding myself on business near Portillos (down the street from the second Al's) lately, and had yet another demanding craving for Italian beef again .....so I stopped in here tonight, a Monday, so the tourist crowd was to a minimum.   And for my primary reason for this review ---- the Italian beef was freaking excellent - dipped with peppers.  AND the fries are really great, way better than either of the Al's.  Oh, and great prices for the area.Anyway, as a lifelong Chicagoan, I used to recommend visitors (going to usual spots anyway) have the authentic Italian Beef "experience" at one of the Al's.....not any more.   Kudos Portillos!Minus one star for "vacant" attitude behind the counter.  Seriously, I didn't know if/when their employees were talking to me, their co-workers, the guy behind me......and when they do talk to you none of them look at you...kinda look past you.....freaking weird.   Also, I've been through the drive-through before and that is a less-than-desirable experience.  Dine-in if you can.Whenever I'm craving a chili dog (no onions) this is where I go!I usually do the drive-thru at this location. It's fast and the people that work there are super friendly.I also sometimes treat myself to a slice of their moist chocolate cake, which is just so good with a glass of milk.I'm anti-fast food, but I make an exception for Portillos and only Portillos.Portillos is charming with a small-town feel. However, they have excellent service- really efficient and fast. In the drive-thru, they have people come to each car and take your order to save time. If lunch and dinner time is packed inside the restaurant, they will take your order while you wait in line to pay. Cheese Fries: a must have, you'll want to dip everything in the cheese (seriously)Italian Beef with sweet peppers: also a must have, solid choice for the undecided, it comes heavy on the gravy but if you like your sandwich drenched in gravy, order it dippedCombo Beef & Char-Grilled Sausage: a little weird.. personally the two didn't mix well, because the sausage tastes really dry compared to the beefBeef-N-Cheddar Croissant: good, light tasting but would probably ask for extra-extra gravy or dipped since some parts of the croissant can be dryPastas: don't bother, they taste bland and really simple to make. Definitely not worth the average $8. Hot Dog: good Chicago-style quick bite, peppers are good but run spicy... the hot dogs could use some char-broiling though for extra zipFun, solid food choice with a folksy feel. Plus, there are a lot of locations and the drive thru goes quickly.Let me preface this by saying I love hot dogs. I don't eat them very often anymore but I have had them all over the country.One thing I wanted to do before my Chicago trip ended was get a genuine Chicago hot dog. I wanted Hot Doug's or Weiner's Circle or even Superdawg's but they're pretty far from my hotel and I'm not taking a cab to get some hoof n snout. Nor am I walking very far off the train in areas I'm not familiar with. I'm also a lazy American.A girl who works at the hotel I'm staying at suggested I go to Portillo's. So today I decide Portillo's will be my dinner. My (not so) trusty iPhone google map sends me up and over the river and down 2 wrong turns until I see the place. I had no idea it was the size of a friggin Costco!! Speaking of Costco - great hot dogs.I walk inside and see like 4 counters and some people. I guess they have a different counter for Italian food. I wouldn't want spaghetti touching my hot dog right? Well anyways, I ordered a jumbo with everything and a regular with everything. I went upstairs to the bathroom and when I came back to the counter my food was up. I like that. I schlepped it the mile or so back to the hotel and dove into the dogs.They were ok. The relish was lacking and not the neon green I'm told true Chicago dogs have. The tomato slices were lacking a bit but that's ok, I don't like them. The pickle spear was nice and crisp and probably the best part.So ok, pardon my babbling and horrible grammar. Overall, it was just ok. I was expecting it to be like a hole in the wall hot dog type place. I should have turned around when I saw the size of the place and the giant McDonalds and Hard Rock Cafe across the street. Yay! I have officially entered touristville. I like the off the beaten path hole in the wall places. We have enough chains in Dallas. So you get chain quality food in a chain quality environment at Portillo's. I don't think I'll go back next time I'm in Chicago. I may just pay for the cab so I can get some good hoof n snout all wrapped up in a bun with the neon green stuff.The single worst hot dog I've eaten in my entire life.Chicago style what? Two hot dogs = $10. Really? Lame New Orleans style music? This isn't a bar. Horrid scenery too. The poor customer service doesn't help. My friend ordered a polish dog, and had to wait over 20 minutes, while my microwaved hot dog was served within five minutes. Did I mentioned I paid $10 for it?!As a european guy, I didn't know what was a real american hot dog ! I discover Portillo's Hot Dogs in Chicago and I was not disappointed at all !!Great taste ! I really loved it ! I can't say it's the best hot dog in Chicago as I didn't try others but it must be one of the best !!The Shaun says this...Portillo's is a local favorite of The Shaun and everyone that he recommends this too instantly feels the same. The food is great and they have a very diverse menu that should please anyone you bring. The crowd may intimidate at first but the lines move quickly whether it be through the drive-thru or inside. The prices are moderate but you will leave feeling like you got more than your money's worth. Try the Chocolate Cake Shake...yes its as good as it sounds!!!The Shaun has spoken!Portillos has amazing food. I love that there are so many choices to pick and choose from. I don't like the hot dogs too much and of course have to try the Chicago Style Hot Dog. Its good- just not for me. But the Chili Hot dog is amazing. Good portions of fries and onion rings too! Nice and crispy. I have been to the other side also to get salad and pasta too. Chicken Caesar Salad was nothing to brag about, but the Chopped Salad was good! I didn't care for the spaghetti in marinara sauce, but the Chicken Fettucini was nice and creamy! Down side- a bit expensive...Portillo's is a must visit when in Chicago. This is typically my favorite lunch spot while crawling on Michigan Ave or a pre-Cubs game ritual. The atmosphere is like a flea market blew up. It encourages excitement and the food lives up to the hype. They are well known for their hot dogs but the hidden gem is the classic old fashioned American cheesburger. It truly is one of the best. Take a minute before or after dining and browse the memorabilia on the walls. You will find an old Championship banner for the Chicago Blackhawks, a copy of Al Capones death certificate and many autographed photos of all the celebrities that, like me, love this joint!Excellent Burgers, Hot Dogs, Fries and Ribs.   Call ahead 15minutes to preorder ribs from Barnelli's.Awesome Food.  A must if you are visiting Chicago.Very close to the hotel that I stayed at. Fast, cheap and delicious. What more can you ask for. I think this place has one of the best onion rings I've ever had. This location is better than the one that opened up in LA by the Buena Park Mall.Pros:Cool decorations along restaurant wallsTasty ribsCons:Hard to get a table for more than 2So loudOverpriced for fast foodFriendly staffI was really excited to try the chicago dog but for me it way too much stuff on it. BUT i do enjoy the snap of the dog.Also tried the beef sandwich - it was a lil dryMy last time at a Portillo's was about 5yrs ago near Wheaton.  It was my first 'chicago' dog, and I loved it.  Gobbled down two and told myself if I'm ever in Chicago again, I'm getting more. Well, here I was.  My first attempt was to check out Hot Doug's after seeing it on Anthony Bourdain.  Well, Anthony can go **** himself.  The line he was in must have been specially made for him, because the line I was about about 75 people deep out the building and up the block.  As much as I wanted duck fat fries, I was not baking in the heat for it.So, off we ran (wife, kid and I) to Portillo's in downtown.  The wife and kid opted for pasta dishes, which they both said were ok for a joint known for hot dogs and beef.  I had a regular dog with all the 'chicago' stuff, and an italian beef.  Again, I had wanted to stop at one of the places I've seen on the Travel Channel, but we were here, so those places will just have to wait.I have to say, the dog isn't what I remembered.  It was almost mushy.  Good, but just not the texture I remembered.  No 'snap'.  The italian beef sandwich was fairly bland, and I got it with the peppers.All that said, we ate most all of our food, and I was able to get a beer to boot.  Maybe it was just because it was lunch rush on a Saturday, I don't know.  It was just  'ok'.So everyone I have talked to (even seen on the Food Network) says there are 2 great Italian Beef joints in Chicago. Portillos and Al's. Well today I tried both. Portillos Italian Beef Sandwich is AMAZING!!! This sandwich is soggy, full of meat and cheese and So good!!! There is NOTHING about this sandwich I didnt like. I got the sweet peppers on it too, and it just made for a great experience. The fries were crispy and tasty as well. In my experience today, there is no contest, Portillos is the best beef sandwich!!!I didn't expect to like this place much at all since it seemed so cheap.  But even though the prices are really low, the quality is quite good! Got the Hot Dog ($2.35) and an Italian Beef Sandwich ($4.65) with sweet peppers (extra 35 cents, I think).  Hot Dog was pretty good, not overly special, but the beef sandwich was very good.  The beef comes in generous portions and is very tender.  Next time, I would try NOT ordering it dry, as a bit of gravy can make it go down a bit easier.Crowds are crazy there, but those folks behind the counter really have the whole system down.  It's efficiently run and quick to get food.  Decor is a joy... it's like a taste of Gangster Chicago.So Chicago is known for its hot dog, so I did my research and found the Portillo's is the place to go for hot dogs. So I went here and got a hot dog and honestly, I was not impressed at all.The hot dog tasted like plain store bought hot dog but they added cold veggies consisting of pickles, tomatoes, and jalapenos and bun was poppy seed bun. Tasted blah and I feel that this place is over-hyped. Not worth coming here. If you want the best hot dogs in the world, go to Costco.This places makes me drool! Long lines, but surprisingly moves quick.If I got back to Chicago, I'm definitely going here.Went here several times during my Chicago trip.  WOW.   The food was really good albeit a bit overwhelming as its rush rush rush to order and then grab your order before the counter staff give it to someone else (Just kidding, be ya gotta be on your toes here.)The Chicago Dog was really good.   The poppy seed steamed bun makes the experience.hot dog would be like 2.5 stars, but the darling of the ball was definitely the Italian beef sandwich. It's like 4 bucks and the meat is as soft as the bun is soggy. Still if you eat it quick it'll stay together. I didn't think that the sweet peppers had enough flavor and you really couldn't taste them amidst all the meat. I would take Denic's in Philly over this any day, but this was also like half the price and visually Portillos is pretty... something. Something fun though.Best hot dog I have had.  Their portillo hot dog was great.  All the ingredients worked well together.  Highly recommend.Great dogs! The drive-thru is hit or miss at times. The wait for food from the Portillos side is fast, my friend however had to wait a whole 25 minutes for their pasta on the Barnelli's side. I will continue to come back but I would hope that they can step up their game on their order turn around.I figured I would put my two cents in, I like Portillos a lot. Thus far I've had their fries, chocolate cake, Chicago dog, and their Italian Beefs. I like all of it, except the chocolate cake. I just don't see the big deal with the cake, but everyone I know LOVES it, maybe I didn't have it on a good day? The service isn't excellent, but this isn't the type of place where you come for the service. Food is a constant, never had "bad" or "ok" food from here.Portillos is a great place for hangover food and better quality than the other typical fast food places. For example Im scared to eat produce (i.e. lettuce and tomato) at a place like Wendys but here I feel like it's safe and fresh. Ive tried the chicago hot dogs, a cheeseburger and even a chopped salad here before and all were excellent. This time I got the chicago club which was really good and just what you need when your hungover. It was very filling and I couldn't finish my fries. Good food at a Chicago landmark.I had a wedding in Chicago to go to, and the rehearsal dinner was held in the upstairs area.  It was surprisingly good considering it's a fast food/drive through place as well.  All the food was delicious considering the style.  I knocked off one star because they ran out of Fat Tire beer.  I'm not a fan of very light beers but I had to settle for it.  They ran out of Fat Tire the night before, and had not replenished it the next day according to the bartender.  If you only have 4 beers on tap, I don't think you should run out of any of the options especially since you're not even a bar.YUP!  A damn good dog.  This place was awesomeThis was dinner on evening number two of our weekend-long baby moon. Yum! Don't expect to find a nice light meal here. It's a calorie fest, but so very worth it. I tried the Italian beef sandwich and my wife got the Chicago-style hot dog. Greasy goodness! It probably wasn't as good as Al' s but it was pretty close,and it costs much less. I love the schooner beers that are available at the bar next to the pickup counter. It would be nice to see a larger selection on tap though.You know, for a touristy place, this is very cool.  The food is excellent.  They've got the service system down to a science, and good signs and directions inside so even rookies can get in the right line without messing anything up.  They have a good beer selection, and it's relatively cheap.  You can get out of there for $20 a couple, beers included!And they've got some really good decor - artifacts, representing Chicago's history.  It's almost like a museum.  Go.  Eat.  Enjoy.YUM. Probably my favorite hot dogs, and the fries are tasty too!!! Also my aunt and uncle swear by the ribs, but I've never had them--I'm too addicted to the hot dogs in the steamed poppyseed buns! Wish they had one in Hyde Park, and whatever city I move to next...Also, somehow I've missed the chocolate cake shake in my decades-long relationship with Portillo's. If I would have known I would've gotten one when we went there last night! Next time, next time. Really, if you love hot dogs, just go.Great Hamburgers!Let's say you are visiting Chicago and want to get a bite to eat.  Your children want to go the Rock n' Roll McDonalds, but you would rather spend 15 hours driving with crying kids than eat another McD's cheeseburger.  No worries.  Right across the street is one of the better burgers in the city.  Portillo's gives you a great juicy burger with all the toppings.  Nice thick slices of tomato and onion, with real pickles and a nice thick patty.  For those of you who love a big meat taste, get the double cheeseburger.   It will definitely fill you up and quench your big beef appetite.So, let the kids eat McDonald's while you run across the street and bask in burger heaven.I used to have a Portillos near me in the suburbs.  It was always good, and always exactly what I wanted.  The location in downtown Chicago is no different.  Hot Dogs, chocolate shakes, fries. Always awesome.  I don't get here as often as I would like, but it is still one of my favorite places. Everyone I've talked to there has always been helpful, and I've never had a bad experience.The Bad: I purchased a Italian beef w/ cheese on a croissant for my husband. The beef has too much fat & the croissant was soaked in beef juice,  causing a sloppy commute home. I wish they had asked, if I wanted the bread dipped.  Lunch time is very noisy.                                             The Good:Fast service during lunch hours, HOT! fries, plenty of indoor seating(1st and 2nd level) and good chocolate cake.So good I want my last meal to be Portillo's.Every menu item is deliicious:   Vienna Beef Dog (comes on an S. Rosen steamed bun)  Italian Beef  Grilled Chicken Sandwich on a Croissant  Burger (yeah.  really)  Fries (must have)They've mastered the art of managing the crowds, which could have their demise because the place is always crowded.  Their employees are highly efficient AND highly entertaining. I've never encountered a surly one.Out-of-town guests always request a stop at Portillo's.  And for those who can't make it to Chicago, their Italian Beef easily can be mailed anywhere in the country and is always a welcome hit.  It comes with cute Portillo's Deli Hats to complete the experience.'tillo's never disappoints.Growing up in and around Chicago, the one constant has always been Portillo's.  If anyone comes into town and wants a "real" chicago hotdog this is where I take them for two reasons.  1) some people can't handle the lack of hygiene one finds at most local hotdog joints, and 2) its one of the best hotdogs in the city, and just as important, the best bun.  To me the bun is what separates a great dog from a good one.  Portillo's buns are steamed and almost act like cling-wrap around the dog.  They give you a little taste but don't fill your mouth with a bunch of fluff.  Also, one gem on the menu most wouldn't think to order is the Charbroiled Chicken Croissant...not the Sandwhich, the Croissant.  It's actually pretty greasy and bursting with flavor.  My standard order is a CBCC, a hotdog, and a chocolate shake.  Give it a try, you can thank me later.One word - awesome! Huge fan of this place! Great location and great food. I love hot gos and fries there...yuimmi! And I would say one of the best Mai-Thai I've ever had and cup is pretty big! Very cheap and very delicious! Always fun times and great food!This was my first time eating at Portillos - it was recommended to me by several of my friends. I got the chili-cheese dog, onion rings and a Sprite. The chili-cheese dog was extremely cheap tasting and the cheese itself was extremely oily and tasted like Velveeta, but not so creamy (I like Velveeta, by the way.)  Anyways, the bag and wax paper covering the dog were already soaked with oil and I just sat down after picking it up. The onion rings were drenched in grease as well, and I would give them about a 6/10 compared to other onion rings I've had. Overall, I was not impressed. My friend told me I "Got the wrong thing" and that the chili dog sucks. Well, then don't put it on the menu is my response to that. Apparently the Chicago Dog is good and I might try it again, but probably not.Everytime I come to Chicago my FIRST and LAST stop is Portillo's. First Stop - The italian beef is the bomb so I have to get my long awaited fix of thinly shaved beef in an italian roll. The sandwich is wet and juicy which with the giardiniera makes for an even killer combo.Last Stop - They have the to-go packages with the beef, gravy and italian rolls so I can sustain my fix for a few days longer.  I do not leave Chi-town without it.Great place...great food!!!Oh how I love this place when family comes to visit!!  If you want Chicago style cooking then you got to go to Portillo's!!  When you go to this establishment you have to eat Chicago style, don't try to mix it up.  It's typically busy but don't get worried you will get your food in a timely manner.  There is enough seating for everyone.The Chicago Dog and the Italian Beef served here is divine. Only when u have a Chicago Dog elsewhere, do you realise why Portillos rocks!Quick service, cheap food, a must have if you visit Chicago.Hoping they open in San Francisco.Food: So damn good. I had Jonnies 2 days before this and I wanted another Chicago style Italian Sausage (pause). I am a cheap dude, but this sausage was so good (pause) that I ate one sausage, drank half of a milkshake, THEN decided that I wanted another sausage. It has nice spice to it and the french bread roll that it was on was nice and chewy but lightly toasted. Damn. Ask for the hot peppers if you appreciate the world of spice. Workers: They were fine, they were busy. Not much interaction.Atmosphere: Nothing special, it almost reminds me of a mall food court with dimmer lights. Again, nothing special. Overall: If you are in the area, not going is not an option.Food - 5 starsDecor - 3.5I've only had the chili cheese and the Chicago style because I can't stop eating them... I have no idea how I'm suppose to turn my back on those and order something else but I'm told even their soups are good.The decor caters to family's with young kids or dudes that wear Micky Mouse ties... Not what I'd expect for a great dog joint.   (-1 for the environment)The great and mighty temple of hot dogs in the United States, this is the holy grail. No 'tude from the staff here, just the funkiest hot dog atmosphere you could want, great local beer lineup (why don't more places do this, FFS?), and hot dogs and related foods you will long remember.I have long ago given up pigging out on food that will eventually kill you (which is what is featured at most places where I live) but when I break my fast, I do it here.Meh. I'd heard a lot about Portillo's but it really is not that great. Nothing to write home about at all. I would much rather go to Hot Doug's (despite the long hike) for a dog or Al's for an Italian beef.I went on a hot dog crawl, since Chicago is only known for their deep dish and hot dogs. Needless to say Portillo's came out on top (so far, but of course I didn't get to try out all of them). I think Portillo's is a good base if you are looking to try it, but I think there are better ones out there. As for their chocolate cake shake was eh.... It sounds great in theory but when you actually have it...lets just say I should've stuck with the regular shake or a soda.Best beef sandwich anywhere in the world.Best hot dog you'll ever have.Please come east - I miss Portillo's and it's my first stop when I get off the plane before I get to my destination - Portillo's.Service is excellent - this place has got it down.Glad to see you have arrived in California and Arizona now just come EAST - we need you here!Best Chicago Dogs Period.A must try if you're visiting Chicago. The onion rings were incredible and you can't go with a classic Chicago dog.I've been to this place twice while visiting in Chicago. It's a popular tourist spot, which includes long lines,.. But I suppose it's worth it.  I got a Chicago Dog with onion rings (very good!). One thing you can never forget is the lady that calls out the orders.  She makes waiting for your food FUN! She has different little rhymes or jingles to go with each number being called..  I think her name is Shaunda or something. What a joy!Next time I'm in the Chicago area, I'll drop by for another hot dog :)Wow. Portillos is the place to be. Great atmosphere, fun counter-server (call outs are like: number 22, the wait is over for you or order number 145, come on up and slide), great Chi-town style hotdog. Why a 4 not a 5? Portillos is great but I'm not from Chicago, I have nothing to compare it to! I think it's one of those if-you're-only-here-for-so-long-you-should-def-­hit-up-this-place kinda deal. But let me tell you, hotdogs don't taste like portillos in California!Went here twice in May for a quick bite to eat.  The Chicago-style dogs here were good, and we found the jumbo dog was a worthwhile upgrade from the regular dog for just 30 cents.  The hot peppers were far too vinegary for us, so we had to pluck them out.  The dipped italian beef sandwich was tasty, with tender, finely chopped beef and good "gravy."  I forgot to order it dipped, but it came that way.  I thought both the dogs and the Italian beef were comparable in quality to Al's Italian Beef, just a block or so away, but less expensive.  The Polish dog was good, with lots of sweet grilled onions, but the dog was a little overcharred on the outside and the skin was tougher than I expected.  We also took them up on their offer to "try the chocolate cake shake."  It seemed to be a chocolate shake with crumbs of stale chocolate cake (also on the Portillo's menu) mixed in.  It was okay, but a little grittier than we expected.  The only thing I didn't like about this place was the perfunctory and rushed (but not quick) "service."  I felt much more like a valued customer at more traditional fast food joints like McDonalds.  But I'd probably still go back.Great menu selection, super fast service and good prices (for being so close to downtown). Plenty of seating and a nice counter/stool for those who want to look out the window (and sneer at the people going into McDonalds across the street). Had a bite of their Chicago hot dog there, which was good but I prefer to taste my food so I had a plain w/ketchup instead. The 100% frank tasted good (like real meat with just a bit of spices), steamed poppy seeded bun was nice and soft .. wasn't anything special but it would definitely hit the OMG! hot dog NOWpls pangs.  We also had their Italian beef, the sausage was good with a nice char without being bitter but the whole thing was a little dry for my taste.  We also had a side of fries, which were also very good with a hint of spices.Since there are already 404 reviews of Portillo's, I realize that this review isn't going to change anyone's worldview.  I do, however, want to throw my $0.02 in on the $8.08 already in the Portillo's pile.Even though Portillo's is one of those places that everyone knows about, it doesn't stop me from regularly craving it.  Basically, I vacillate between the Chicago dog, the Italian beef, and the chopped salad here.  I have NEVER taken an outsider to Portillo's who hasn't loved it.  I really enjoy going here when they are busy (I know, weird).  Portillo's has quick service down to a science.  Bonus: the expediters that make rhymes with your ticket number ("NUMBER 59, IT'S SHOWTIME").  Things to try if you go to Portillo's:1) the chocolate cake (!)2) the Chicago dog - WITH EVERYTHING (don't mess!)3) the Italian beef, dipped, with hot peppers4) the french friesLike many other places, I consider this review applicable to the whole chain.  I love this place.  If I could choose only three places to dine out for the rest of my life, this would most likely be one of them.  For starters, I've had Italian Beef from all over Chicagoland.  You name it, Jay's, Johnny's, where ever - I still find myself preferring Portillos.  Big Beef, dipped, Mozzarella and Cheddar on top.  No peppers.  Eaten in five minutes if I'm starving.  Good, lean meat, shaved and tender.Chili dogs, excellent.  Tamales, excellent.  A big ass goblet of frozen Miller Lite to go with?  Phenomenal.  Very consistent from location to location.  If I had to choose a place to be THE representative for Chicago, Portillo's is it.  Excellent.I finally made it out here to Chicago. Let's begin shall we?So Just got into the city and first place we head to is, well you guessed it , Portillo's Hot Dogs. So we get to the counter and we were told the combo sandwich was the way to go. So I ordered a combo (sausage/beef) and a Chicago style hot dog.Sandwich= Extremely tasty and perfect filler for lunch. The beef was perfectly seasoned. The sausage was sooooo tasty.Excellent Chicago style foods in a nice chain package.  The Italian Beef sandwiches are very, very good.  Be sure to request them dipped.  The hot dogs are delicious, although not terribly large.  We would definitely recommend Portillo's for those looking for Chicago people food on a quick trip.Nothing says Chicago to me more than Portillo's. Chocolate cake. Tamale. Burger. Nom nom nom...I am a burger guy. Keep that in mind for this review.I adore Portillo's. I work right down the street from it, and I go as often as my conscience allows. I come for the burgers. But I had a hotdog, last I came, and was pleasantly surprised. The hotdog had that nice crunch to the outside skin, and the bun was soft and not dry. The hamburgers are fantastic. And certainly the best for your buck in the city. You get that nice char-grilled taste, and the veggies and mayo are simple but dead on. The fries are nothing to rave about, but what is a burger without fries? I ask you!!For a little bit more than a meal at McDonald's you can get something so much better. Walk the extra block from that overpriced wasteland Rock and Roll McDonald's (though it birthed an incredible Wesley Willis song), and come to Portillo's. You could probably use the exercise, fatty.I wanted to try an Italian Roast Beef sandwich and my husband wanted to try a Chicago-style hot dog, so this place had all the bases covered. Casual place to grab a bite with great prices. Both the Italian Beef and Chicago dog lived up to the hype.Kitschy and touristy, yes, but fun and reasonably priced as well.  Just stick with a stock order (hot dog, chocolate cake shake, etc.) and you won't be disappointed.  I was directed here by a friend of mine, and not being from the Midwest had never heard of the place, but we enjoyed our lunch nonetheless.  There are probably more authentic Chicago hot dog places, but not being a real connoisseur of the hot dog myself, and never having had tomatoes or hot peppers on my dogs in the past, it was a good experience.I got the chopped salad, it was delicious and filling. My boyfriend got a billion things and loved them.The cheese fries are sooo good as well.The service is very fast, its convenient....I highly recommend going!1) I am devoted Portilloan!! The double cheeseburger with bacon and cheesy fries can make any day a great day!!!Highly recommended!!XOXO-What's not to love about Portillos?I love the Chopped Salad and Italian Beef of course with peppers.The line can get a bit long if you're going through the drive thru but I'd say it's worth it!Delicious. Very interesting Chicago history on all the walls. Bathroom is ehh. Useable, but ehh.My first Chicago dog experience. I am not a huge fan of dogs but this was pretty good. No frills, just a dog, pickle and relish. very affordable.....lots of kids, ugg.Tried the beef sandwich, the Chicago Dog and the chili.  All were great!  I only reserve the 5th star because all were great but none blew my mind.  This is a really interesting place inside though - you should check it out.Hella Good nuff said! Fast, reasonably priced, with an abundance of options.  Italian Beef Sammy and Chicago Hot Dog were both yummy, I'm mad I didnt try the cake or cake shake, Bummer.Get the big beer use both hands! the local 312 brews are worth a tryTruly walked miles (like an idiot) to find this place at  around 1:00 am. It was worth every drunken step in too- tight cowboy boots (another story altogether). The Italian Beef (dipped) was absolute perfection and the Chicago dog was what all other dogs dream of being (with its tomato peppers and pickle - it really is what others try to accomplish by dressing themselves with ketchup mustard and relish). Try one and call me a liar. Not gonna happen. I've tried the rest and am calling this place the best (for the aforementioned items - ONLY). Godspeed.We loved EVERYTHING about Portillos.  The food is so yummy.  I had the italian beef the first time and a chili dog the 2nd time.  It is very affordable.  It also felt very safe as there was a constant flow of Chicago PD.  The frozen custard was the bomb!Always heard from portillo's hot dogs in Chicago. I believe is more of a tradition, but they aren't that great. It is a regular hotdog with two hut peppersI thought this place was awesome. I stopped in three times while I was in town at a conference. The Italian Beer hoagie dipped was excellent. The place was a bit noisy but not overwhelming. When I get back to Chicago, I will be stopping here for my fix.Best hot dogs ever and I'm not really a hot dog eater.  Chopped salad is awesome.  Portillo's is one of my favorite things about Chicago!This is my heaven. Really . No joke. I come back from NJ to eat my Portillos! Made my wife a fan too! World famous and should be in every state in the USA. Family owned And a Chicago staple! Best sausage and Itlaian beef ! One of a kind service and atmosphere! Make sure u get the giardinera peppers on the side and the sport peppers on the dog! There are many great hot dog and sausage places around this country but Portillos is top dog all in all the above including Italian Beef (only found in Chicago) ALL under ONE roof! HANDS DOWN!As good as it gets for hotdogs...very organized..fast service...reasonable prices...great quality.  Want to go back to try the sliced beef.Superb customer service---especially  the hosts working the dessert section and the hot dog /fries areas.  Very friendly and upbeat personnel---love their upbeat morale!Five stars because it's reasonably priced, kid friendly and provided a variety of decent food for the entire family.  You can certainly get better tasting food in Chicago, but the price for convenience is money well-spent.  We arrived in Chicago from a red eye flight and almost went to the McDonald's across the street from Portillos.  Luckily, my sons wanted to check it out and here we are.  We will definitely come back.Meh, not sure what the fuss is about. Came here with a visiting friend, and while it's got its charm, the hot dogs themselves were nothing to write home about. We both had the Jumbo dog and agreed that while it was good, it tasted just like the ones we'd get at a ball park. Didn't exactly see what was so unique about it.Fast food at it's best. I am a burger fanatic, but for the few months living out here, I wasn't able to find a go-to burger. My manager suggested Portllo's, so I had to go. Man, was I glad I did. I got the bacon cheeseburger, fries, and chocolate cake shake. The bacon cheeseburger was simply perfect: fresh ingredients, crisp bacon, deliciously seasoned patty. Fries were good, nothing out of the ordinary. Chocolate cake shake was too sweet for my taste, like drinking a can of frosting. But it's a unique idea and other customers seem to like it. Way to go Portillo's! I will be back :)Well... I had my heart set on trying Hot Doug the weekend I went to chicago but they were closed because of the holiday! So instead we tried Portillo's! A lot of chicago locals prefer one or the other! I got the sausage with the italian beef sandwhich! I have to admit the sandwich was good, but it was a bit heavy for me with both the sausage and the beef. I would have to go for one or the other next time! The food was delicious though! I would definitely come back! The restaurant itself when I walked in was more like a giant homely food court and the line moves pretty fast! They not only have hot dogs and sandwiches but they also had a pizza area, a beer and drinks area and then they had the sandwiches and hot dogs area! It was easy to take the bus to this location and it's right near magnificent mile so you can just walk and burn off what you eat!Authentic Chicago hot dogs!I loved the Italian sausage - spicy with enough kick to make it tasty but not too hot.Polish hot dog was good too... but wished I had gotten what the husband ordered :)Onion rings were tasty too!Portillos was fantastic. The wife and I went here to satisfy two desires, Chicago hot dogs, and Italian beef sandwiches. The hot dogs were good. Had a good taste and good texture. The only thing missing from the dog was the neon green relish. Really wanted to have that on my first Chicago dog, but it wasn't a deal breaker. The Italian beef sandwich was great. Had such a good flavor. I think what really did it for me at this place was the two food lines. One for the "healthy" people with their salads, and another for normal food eaters. I also loved the style with which the orders were called out. I enjoyed the ladies coming up with clever sayings that rhymed with each number called, and to top it off, they were quick, so no waiting around for ever. Overall great food, a great atmosphere, and would definitely go back again next time I'm in Chicago.Portillo's has the perfect storm of great customer service, prices and food.  They have many food options and the ambiance can only be compared to a Disney operation.I've seen the portly manager in action and he is as great as they come.  His focus is excellent customer service.Food stand outs: -- Combo (Italian Beef and Sausage) with sweet and hot peppers-- Garbage Salad (get the salami on the side)-- Chocolate Cake ShakeOK, they were freaking slammed, like super duper slammed, like controlled chaos at best.  The food is great, really great. But, if you aren't familiar with the menu, we aren't from Chicago, it's hard to know what to order.  You are standing in a line about 50 people deep and this lady comes up to you and says "What do you want?" Well, I don't know,  I can't see the menu, it's about 20 people ahead of me on a wall in tiny writing, but you have to decide then and there what you want to move up the line.It was like a lottery waiting for our number for our order to be called, but whatever, that's Portillo's.  The food was great.If they wanted to improve, I would ask that they put paper menus out when you walk in or an order sheet like San Antonio taco Company.  Anything so you know what to order when that lady says "What do you want?"Ok, I'm updating my review, my hub and I went here at 10pm on a Friday night, no line.  AND there were paper menus at the cash register as you walk in, which we never knew because the line was so long and there was no way to know that......so if you haven't been here, pick up one!5 starBeef, Hot, Mozz, Dipped.  Even the napkins taste good!You walk in and it's a big place with many types of menu items from pasta to pizza to desserts, as well as, hot dogs and sandwiches.  The Chicago hot dog was a first for me and it was delicious ($2.45) and we also tried the Italian beef with hot gardenia peppers ($4.65 approx.) and it was delicious too.  They gave a lot of beef in the sandwich and I would have like more gardenia peppers.A great place for a good hot dog at a reasonable price.Chicago is really trying. There's a lot of sweat and effort, but it's not yet a great burger city. It's probably the most disgraceful chicken wing destination in the northern hemisphere, but now I'm just bitching and that's not why I'm here.The double cheeseburger with grilled onions, that's why - best burger in town. Sorry, all you hard-working gourmet burger joints, but Portillo's is still the king.Pretty delicious.  Great Chicago hot dog experience.  A nice variety for you to try.I recommend it.Why doesn't Chicago have hot dog stands on every corner like LA does? It would have been so much more useful!  I went here because of the high reviews on yelp and got a Chicago dog (duh, tourist. lol).  Service was very fast, my dog came out to only $3, and it was delicious.  I normally don't like relish, but when in Rome, do what the Romans do.  I had it with everything as is and enjoyed it very much.  The only thing that would have made it better is if the casing on the dog was crispy. Mmmm...Don't miss this place when you visit Chicago!!! Best casual food place ever! Love the beef and the hotdogs but OMG the Chocolate Cake Shake!!!!!!!! It is the best thing on earth! They also have one in California that I try to stop by when I am there!First time in Chicago and really wanted a Chicago dog and Italian beef. This was the closest to my hotel. Honestly it looked a bit commercialized on the outside especially next to super chains nearby but I was determined.  Well, it was totally touristy which since I was a tourist I guess it is what it is. I'm like more whole in the wall places!  Ordered dog, Italian beef (super wet) with sweet and hot peppers and chocolate cake cuz they keep saying they are famous.  Verdict- they were ALL good. Couldn't finish the beef sand but I wish I could. Will be back. I heard the chopped salad was good.I was going to get my share of Dogs and Beef Sandwiches and Portillo's was recommended from a chef and a few other restaurant folk. There's actually a branch not too far from where my father lives in SoCal but I didnt get to try this place until years later but closer to the source. I didnt realize that this complex existed with all of their concepts in one house. I guess this block of Ontario is rife for tourist dollars so it makes sense this is in the same barn. A bit erratic and spread out but if you know what you want you can head right too it. So we got some dogs and beef sandwiches, both being solid in their own right. I know there are many examples of these Chicago staples and Portillo's is a good option. You could probably do without the circus atmosphere and  just take your food to go elsewhere.I went traveling to Chicago and founded out this is a must check-in place in town for their famous hot dogs. To be honest,I am not really a hot dogs person but I always do follow yelps reviews whenever visiting a new city.Due to I visited the place during the weekdays lunch time so there wasn't crowed which was really great to be able to order in a no rush! The first day I stopped by that I had a Chicago style hot dogs & chocolate shake. One thing surprised me was how cheap for the total! But the size of hot dogs disappointed me a bit. It was just a small one and was ok not too impressing personally. However,I did like chocolate shakes. So I decided to come back next day for another popular order which is Italian beef sandwich and chocolate cake shakes!!!!!! I had both of them and with onion rings as well. I liked Italian beef sandwich very much because the spices and the ingredients just matched perfectly with chocolate cake shakes totally rocked it! I would recommend go check this place out not only the food are good but also with very decent prices!Mmmmmmmm.  I loved my meal here. We tried the Portillo's side of this "shared" restaurant venue. I had a jumbo dog (boiled), chocolate cake slice, and chocolate shake. All three were top notch eats and, by Canadian standards, an incredible value. The counter staff were most excellent, efficient and entertaining. The location had a suitably entertaining decor, and music.  I had another Chicago style dog (grilled), at Downtown Dogs. I preferred Portillo's, but maybe it was the whole ambience. I really wish we had places like this in Toronto. Just a cut above what we have here at home I think. Go to Portillo's. Order what I had. You won't be disappointed.Forget the hotdogs and Italian beef! Get a cheeseburger and fries! Best fast food burgers in the city!Simply THE BEST BURGER in Chicago.  The fries are excellent too!  For fast food Chicago-style, Portillo's is a NO BRAINER!!!Highly recommended for families and cool couples on the go!  Date night doesn't have to be expensive!Definitely an iconic place that had to be tried. The bf had 3 places in mind, and this was one of them! He said the Chicago style hot dog was ok, but nothing too much to be impressed about. Didn't quite live up to the hype.I had the frozen custard and chocolate cake. The frozen custard tastes like a light ice cream and the cake was a light fluffy cake. I liked that it wasn't as heavy or rich as often cakes can be. But maybe I should have tried the Chocolate Cake shake instead of having the cake and the custard al la mode.Yes!4 of 5.Graduate school in the small town of Dekalb, IL made me lust for the beautiful, smoggy, and traffic ridden days of Southern California.  Not seeing the sunlight for days on end sucked my zest to awaken, and the lack of food options in Dekalb made me a decent cook at the college pad.  So eating out became a treat at times, and finding new restaurants in Dekalb was always an endeavor of hope, hope that one day I'd find a few decent restaurants to frequent consistently.  So I came across Portillos in the little enclave of Dekalb, a Chicago juggernaut that showcases all the mid-western food in all it's trans-fat glory; fried chicken, Italian beef sandwiches, hot dogs, burgers, etc. etc.     I remember the excitement of knowing that all this junk food was now at my fingertips and no longer a long drive away, but suddenly I realized that my Asian roots would not allow me to enjoy this food on a daily basis.  I can't eat this stuff all the time, it's too greasy, just too much, and where is my white rice dammit?!  Plus their "vegetarian" menu mostly comprised of fish. Those crafty Catholics, so clever semantically, no wonder they wanted everything in Latin.  If I fashioned myself as Martin Luther I'd say that the vernacular is VEGETABLE, not fish. After reading this menu I consigned myself to the cold truth, that the mid-west was not for me, yet more cold, dark, windy, and tasteless days were ahead of me.  Portillos was not what I was looking for, thank goodness I moved back to California. So if you crave mid-western commecial food, which is pretty tasty but heavy, then try Portillos for a variety of greasy food.  Amen.had the hot dog with everything on it (mustard, relish, chopped onions, sliced red tomatoes, and pickle on a steamed poppy seed bun). very simple but delicious nontheless. also shared a chocolate cake shake. they should rename this as the diabetes inducer. I watched the guy make the shake. It's literally a huge slice of a double layered chocolate cake (meaning icing and all) topped with chocolate shake, mixed so that you get chunks of chocolate cake in your shake. super delicious, but I could only have a few bites (more cake then shake for me).Best place for an Italian Beef.  One of the best places for hot dogs and Polish sausages.  Surprisingly, they also make fantastic burgers (as long as they are not cooked well done).  Their downtown location has a drive-thru and even though the lines are usually pretty long around lunch time, they actually move pretty fast.Good dogs. I'd go again.This review relates to the Italian Beef only.  I was in the neighborhood and had heard their Italian Beef was good.  I didn't think so, in fact I thought it shouldn't be called by that name at all.  The beef itself was lean and plentiful but it should have been called a hot beef sandwich, The beef and juice were very mild in flavor  with none of the spicing and flavor that Italian Beef should have.  I assume this has been dumbed down for the tourists.  I believe this operation is still run by an italian-american family - why can't they serve real Italian Beef?I popped my Portillo's cherry at 28.  No more virgin status here.  And, don't worry, lovely.  This shall not be a one-night stand.  We've formed a lasting bond now.  Onion rings and hot dogs on poppy seed buns.  Nirvana!  What?  Did someone say cheese fries?  Portillo's, it's been fun. We'll be seeing each other soon.Still the best!OoOoOh, my 400th review!  With that said, Portillo's offers THE BEST CHILI HOT DOGS EVER.  I even got a Portillo's Hot Dogs hat here for free, hehe.First overnight visit in Chicago and a friend sends me to Portillos for late night food.  Great tasting beef hot dog with the works for just $2.45 (no ketchup on this dog). Was a bit disappointed with the beef and cheddar croissant though. When I unwrapped it, there was a bunch of meat and cheese stuck next to a soggy croissant. I guess I was expecting more of a sandwich. That being said, the taste of the hot peppers poured on top of the meat more than compensated for the randomness of some meat lying next to a croissant . Great grub food for under $10.Must honestly say that nearly everything we have ever tried at Portillo's has been good.   Hot Dogs?  Some of the best in the city.  Hamburgers are without a doubt the best in the city.  Shakes?  Yes!    The only thing that needs more help is the Italian Beef, it's not big on flavor and can't compare to more reputable Chicago Italian Beef joints.  Portillo's gets much love for everything except those beef sammiches.So.. after shopping at the Build a Bear Workshop I was feeling hungry..Decided to walk over to Clark and Ontario and headed into Portillo's.Now.. this was my first visit to this location in River North, I had onlypreviously been to the one in Skokie.Well.. this one was crowded as all hell and after eating there I know why.Portillo's is phenominal.. no matter what you order!I have been craving a burger all week and today I gave in and ordereda Bacon Cheeseburger which was very good..Okay.. I dont lie so I also ordered cheese fries.. now.. the last time I hadcheese fries the fries were covered in cheese..Now.. they give you an order of really good fries and a small cup of cheese..This was okay either way.. Normally I dont eat/like fries but these werereally tasty..Okay.. so I finished those and then this girl walked by with a hot fudgesundae and I wish I did'nt see it but I did..So.. I contemplated getting out of my seat and going to wait in lineagain for this hot fudge sundae..I decided it was worth it for me to do this so I went to get my sundae andthen I came back to where I was sitting and somebody stole my chair..See what I get... No justice in this world..But.. this nice waiter guy went and got me another chair.. he was nice..:)So.. Rock and Roll McDonald's is right across the street and I sawpeople going in there.. Not quite sure why when Portillo's is rightacross the street..Portillo's is famous for Hot Dogs and Italian Beef..But they sure make a great burger as well..And,, an even better Hot Fudge Sundae..Loving Portillo's...And.. Build a Bear Workshop!Welcome to my Life..:)I was born in Chicago but now reside in California. I MISS PORTILLO's. It is literally the first place I go once I go back - I go straight from O'Hare to the nearest Portillo's to get me some cheddar beef on a croissant with peppers and some cheese fries - the best combination ever - grease butter and cheese. There is nothing that comes close to how good this place is. The only sad thing is that when I go back home to California, and begin to crave some portillo's there is nothing here that will remotely come close to satisfying that craving. Luckily they opened a new location in southern california - next to Disneyland - further increasing its title as the happiest place on earth since Portillo's is now near it (I live in the bay area, which is 6 hours away) and I was fortunate enough to eat there on my last trip to LA with my friends- and yes, it tastes the same - AMAZING. It was worth the drive to eat that. My friends who were with me are now also in love with the food and also, find themselves unable to satisfy the cravings they have for it since we don't have a portillo's close to us to eat it at our leisure.  I cant wait until I'm back home in Chicago to eat more.  Sadly as I wrote this review, I began to crave a cheddar beef sandwich with cheese fries.We have a Portillo's here in Buena Park, California by Knott's Berry Farm.  I'm happy to report, our location is just as good!  I kept hearing how I have to go to the original one in Chicago and how the bread is so much better there.  Well, I had to find out for myself.  Yes, my Italian Beef Sandwich and fries taste the same!  The chocolate cake is still to die for!  I can rest easy now!Love this place. Fun decor. We stopped by for a quick bite before running to the airport. It's an all American food court!Finally got to try Portillo's and I have to admit it's above average fast food (3.5 stars).  Well, it's not literally fast food.  I went inside and it was a chaotic mess of a madhouse in there.  If I had some anxiety issues, I would have probably went into a split second syncope and collapsed onto the floor.  Anyway, it took close to 20 min to get my order.  I was so bored I starting counting the number of times a person would look at his receipt after each time an order number was called out.  I think I counted 5 consecutive times the half man/half goldfish referred to his receipt.  The best expression is of self doubt and panic when the order gets called out twice.After having Chicago dogs in Chicago, I must say I like my hot dogs the Chicago way!   :)Hot dog is cheap, about $2.87 with tax.  I liked the hot dog with the mustard, relish, pickles, and tomato on the poppy seed? bun.  Mmm...And, shhhh....don't tell anyone, but I actually did get a small ketchup just in case my hot dog needed it.  Fortunately, it didn't need the ketchup. ;)Apparently, Portillo's also has a branch in CA - in Buena Park and Moreno Valley.  Aww....I was hoping to find and eat at places I couldn't find in CA.  Oh well....I also got to try the Italian beef sandwich from my friend's plate.  It was pretty good.  Beef was juicy and the jus drenched the bread.  Comes with peppers and onions.  My friend, who doesn't like or eat beef very much, liked it a lot!In terms of ordering, this is where you line up, order, get your oder, and find a table to sit.i'm sorry. maybe it's the hype, maybe the food's really just not that good but honestly portillo's didn't do it for me. i was reminded of pinks hotdogs here in cali. everybody raves about and stands in ridiculously long lines for it...but it's so underwhelming. the hot dogs were like any other hot dogs i've tasted minus the pickle & tomato but you could just as easily throw them on a regular ballpark hot dog, and the italian beef reminded me of a big soggy meat diaper. (disgusting mental image, i'm sorry)i wish i knew there was a portillo's in buena park before i went to chicago.demmit. (i'm so glad i'm behind a computer right now. i would probably get mobbed, tarred & feathered if this was a speech i was making in person)...Quick service yes. good service, no. The workers are there to chat among each other in both the order line and the pick up line. The bartender was brutally blunt and dwelled that I was sharing alcohol with a minor which is my 27 year old boyfriend who dosen't drink. I ordered a second drink and she goes into a useless lecture on the Portillo's alcohol policy, which in fact defeated my purpose of drinking because I have to listen to my BARTENDER complain. Hopefully she was having a not so good afternoon and this wasn't her usual personality. I did not enjoy my italian beef sandwich. I felt like it was a kids meal. GRESSY, BIG BREAD, SMALL AMOUNT OF MEAT, like seriously Portillo's get it together. I didn't expect sucky service in downtown Chicago, especially at Portillo's. I probably wouldn't eat here again unless i use the drive through, unfortunately.Portillo's is EXTREMELY tasty.  They run their kitchens like a factory, it is amazing how fast they can make your order with a line of 15 people in the restaurant and just as many in the drive thru.  The hotdogs are fantastic, with all the trappings of a good Chicago dog.  The italian beefs are deadly good, I suggest adding both the sweet and hot peppers.  I love the crinkle cut fries too.  And the shakes.  This place is wonderful.Fantastic!  For my first introduction to Chicago this was great!  Got a Chicago style dog, a chili cheese dog, fries, and a drink and loved every bite!  The buns were a little soggy I think from wrapping them to go when I was eating there but other then that they were amazing.  Fantastic feast for under $10.Portillo's is a total tourist trap. Everything about this place makes me want to hate it. I cannot do this because of one thing: the chocolate cake shake. This fattening treat is literally a piece of chocolate cake blended into shake form and it is GLORIOUS. Very sweet, chocolately and so very tasty. I would suggest sticking with the medium size. My friend got the large and ended up throwing away half of it. WARNING: do not drink this too fast; you will totally regret it later. I sure did.WHERE'S THE chicago italian BEEF??.  My only experience with Chicago Italian Beef was with the restaurant of the same name in Houston, Texas and it was tuuuurrrible.  I was a bit wary when I first landed and this was the first stop on my self-mandated Chicago food tour.  Portillo's did not lead me astray.  "Wet and Hot" no longer only applies to the tropics and to swimsuit models but also to Chicago Italian beef.  The au jus, peppers, and seasoned beef combine to form a most scintillating sandwich.Portillo's I miss your italian sausage smothered with hot peppers.Italian Beef! greasy, filling, meaty, messy, and satisfying. One of the great eats one must try when visiting Chi-Town! The inside is a big open space with lots of tables. It has a cafeteria feel to it where you pay and pick up your food, then sit and eat. Food comes out pretty quick.I don't personally like Chicago style dogs. However that is not the only thing they do, Italian beef sandwiches bro. I swear it's one of the greatest sandwiches I've ever had. It's a big portion of beef on a roll and you can choose sweet or spicy peppers and I got both. It was to die for, my mouth got kicked a bit by the spice and it all just went together beautifully. It was greasy, tasty goodness for around 5 bucks. Can't beat that baby. My family messed up and got no peppers on it so it's pretty much just beef and bread so don't do that, get peppers what ever kind you like. They also have frozen custard here as well which I loved and In my opinion is better than soft serve ice cream I just wish they had it in California. It was a great meal and I want more but I'm back home, come here guys and open a location please! The place is full of chicago memorabilia from the city and sports teams, it's a great tourist spot to come to and a chicago staple.Yum Yum Yum!  Everything here I find quite tasty for a fast food place!  You need to try it here!  I absolutely love their chopped salads (and lived off of them almost all of last summer!), and their burgers are out of this world!  It's worth a stop by, even if it's for their tasty chocolate cake, or even some pasta!  Check it out!poooorrrtyyyoos. mmmmmmm. I could eat here every day, but thank god it's not close to me, or I would honestly be ten pounds fatter, at least. Portillos is the kind of place every chicagoland family holds dear to their heart, and thinks is "their place." it feels a little like home in some weird way, yet it's everyone's home. Even if you're not in to hot dogs, or meat, you can order the chopped salad w/o meat and it is heavenly. I actually order that more than I do a hot dog. But even if you try to get healthy food, you can't leave without ordering those fries. I still have not found better fries anywhere on the planet. Oh but to be more specific to THIS location: outdoor patio is great. Service is quite outstanding when you consider that it's almost a fast food place and how many tourists must be in here every day. I got the chopped salad the other day w/o meat, and even asked them to list off all the ingredients so I knew what to take out. I stupidly missed that it had blue cheese, and when I got my salad full of blue cheese, they swiftly changed it for me and were very sweet about it. Come on, that is not common! It's also super clean, including the bathroom.So yeah, portillos is very special to me. I hope it never ever ever goes out of business.I spent seven days in Chicago and ate here four times.  I had it all and it was all good.  The Italian beef sandwiches and burgers are top notch, but the surprise of the menu for me was the Polish sausage dog.  My most amazing feat of gluttony was on my last visit when I inhaled the Big Beef and a side of onion rings.  My wife was duly impressed.  Or maybe horrified.Seriously, the best Chicago dog and beef sandwich hands down. If you have been eating your hotdogs with ketchup, you need to live up a little and drag your dog through the garden with some hot pepper, Chicago style!Portillos burgers are probably up there with my favorite ever. (my boyfriend is convinced he can change my mind) I am not a fan of the cakeshake but the cheese fries are delicious!! the beef/cheddar croissant is amazing and juicy, the breaded chicken sandwich is great! and the hot dogs are typical chicago! but seriously the burgers!! i get extra cheese :) the mayo, the pickles, the perfect charbroil... excuse me while I drool a little... I LOVE PORTILLOS! anyone that is not from Chicago is unfortunate that they have to miss out. almost forgot about the salads! the poppyseed salad with the fruit is my fave but the chop salad is delish too! MMMMMMMMM :DFirst time trying Chicago style hotdogs in Chicago, so can't say much about authenticity or how it compares to other places. But it was delicious. Wish I had the chance to try their Italian Beef.I must have gained so much weight on my recent trip to The Windy City, and this place was the one that started it all. I am certainly not complaining, it's worth it.  We went shopping at the Magnificent Mile on our first night there, and were looking for a place to dine afterwards.  My trusty Yelp app let me know that there was a Portillo's about half a mile away.  It was on my to-do list while there anyway, so we decided to head on over.  We walked in and it was so packed! We considered leaving and going to the super cool McDonald's across the street, but quickly (thankfully) changed our minds.  It was so quick, from the point of walking in and the point of sitting down with our food..about 10 minutes.  Very impressive. I had the Italian Beef Sandwich and my daughter had a Chicago hot dog.  She's usually so picky with new foods, but she didn't even have a single crumb on her plate when she was done.  It was my first time ever having an Italian Beef sandwich and it was great.  I added cheese and sweet peppers.  I'm not usually a fan of peppers of any sort, but these were so tasty. The service was fast and friendly.  I'd be scared to see the size of my waistline if I lived nearby this place.Highest quality fast food in the Midwest. Great burgers, dogs, and Italian beef. It gets busy in there, but they've got a system and will get you through the line and chompin' on a juicy char broiled burger in no time. I frequently find myself going out of my way to make Portillo's pit stop!A damn good Chicago dog.Surprising take on fast food. Once we walked through the door I was a bit confused. It looked like a sit down place yet had a line-up like a fast food place. It was just that. They also had an Amazing Hotdog. I rarely eat hotdogs, about one a yr or two. However . But how every hotdog should taste. Only complaint... NO Sauerkraut. I don't get why they wouldn't but who knows (Could be a Chicago thing?) Definitely a good place for a fast bite.This is a review that captures all Portillos in the Chi-town area.There are better Italian beef venues and better Chicago dog places that are ubiquitous. The attraction is that Portillos is one-stop-shopping.I now live in Portland OR and this would be five stars in most cities across the country, but there are great places for Italian beef/sausage combos everywhere in Chicago that compare favorably.I recently had their Chocolate cake which is absolutely to die for. I hear they have a good chocolate cake shake that I have yet to try. It's on my list of things to do! I used to come here a lot when I worked at Lalos. I could only eat Mexican so many times, Portillo's was a good variation. I was in love with their chicken croissant sandwich, soft, juicy chicken, piled with lettuce, tomatoes and smoothered in mayo. Same say yuck, I say yum! I have had their Italian beef and hot dogs which I thought were really good. Their burgers on the other hand were a little too charred for me! I will be back for their chocolate cake...possibly tomorrow.It is really hard to put in words what I want to say when describing a HOT DOG place.  This is more then just a place to eat a dog .... this place is an experience.  Awesome service, amazing hot dogs and such a fun environment that have people that obviously LOVE working there (no kidding) the lady calling your food number --- SHE WILL MAKE YOU LAUGH! (and dance if you are from out of town) GO THERE, they have a dang good hot chocolate too!!!pretty delicious! the fries and onion rings are pretty fantastic as well! There are multiple lines, so don't just stand in the back of the longest one.I used to drive through at 2am and pick up a charbroiled chicken sandwich for myself and a cheeseburger for my wife. They really are the best in town. Then I learned that this place was somewhat of a "theme" restaurant. I hadn't been there during the day, nor have I even been inside. It kind of detracts from the whole vision I had of a fat hairy guy sitting by the grill drinking a beer as he's cooking my chicken. Turns out there is no fat guy, just a conveyor belt! Oh well. it's still the best freakin chicken sandwich in town.this is the worst company ever to do business with. they might have good food( which i wouldnt know because they failed to even ship an order correctly).i placed an order  last week and paid for $ 22.50 for shipping. ( for the day before christmas) shipping options were next day 22.50 and 2 weeks from now 22.50. which didnt make sense. when i questioned why the order i placed for my family the day before didnt have shipping they said this was ups fee. called ups they said it wasnt, when i questioned again. representative hung up on me. i needed to place the order anyway due to it was for a family dinner ( to replace christmas dinner).  shipment will arrive 12/24 by 3pm. when tracking my order they didnt even ship my order until 12/23 at 9:53pm. since i paid so much for my order to be here, i assumed it would still be here in time. at 2pm 12/24 ( sitting at my work location waiting for the package) i track package again and it said it is now delivering 12/26. i called portillos and the supervisor mark & mike ( "very professional") said "oh well who knows , it might deliver tonight by 10pm or thursday so just wait for it"  then hung up on me. i called back to speak with mark or mike again, and to my surprise they hung up on me 6 more times. i would never do business with this company again.  i understand issues occur sometimes, but to be a business and handle it this way is very unprofessional. i am glad they are enjoying my money for services i have not received. the only thing this company has given me is a ruined holiday dinner for my family, $81.45.Great food, decent atmosphere once you get a seat. Strawberry shortcake, Chicago dog, and tiramisu are all delicious. Cheap beer. Go for good food. Lots of tourists too, especially on the weekend.I think this place is more of a tourist trap if anything... I've had a better hotdog from costco!I used to love Portillo's until the other day. I will never eat at this location again. My food was gross, but I did still eat it. During lunch hours this place is packed, even with two floors of seating it can be hard to find a place to sit some days. If your coming in from the burbs for a day to Chicago why not try some place different.I had only the regular hot dog.   It had poppy seeds on the buns, which I'm normally not a big fan of but it wasn't too bad.  As an out of towner, this place isn't too shabby.  The environment of this place reminds me of Famous Daves.This place was good for lunch. It was a bit confusing because we went during the lunch rush and I was waiting in the wrong pick up line for a while before figuring out my mistake. The space is 2 stories and very big. You don't eat here if you want to be healthy. I had the Italian beef sandwich and a Portillo hot dog with a side of french fries with the yummy, tasty, cheese sauce. It was all very good in that amusement park, not trying to be healthy, took the day off from exercise, kind of way. I didn't feel sick afterwards so I think the ingredients were pretty healthy. It is a total Chicago must try though if you come here.Great Italian beef and hotdogs, reasonably priced, in a great location -- and they're open late, which means you're not just stuck with the Rock 'n' Roll McDonald's! Lots of space to sit and eat, too.Mmmmm...dogs!  I've always been a fan of the Chicago hot dog and the best place to go is Portillo's.  I always take visiting guests here for the dog experience.  Beyond the yummy dogs, I'm a fan of the combo, which I had never heard of until I moved to Chicago.  Italian sausage and beef on a big sammie?  Hellz yeah!  Add some cheese fries and a shake for a gut busting bonanza.I wish this place could be teleported to California. Portillo's how I miss thee. Okay so we came here for the hotdogs because...well it's Chicago and they're known for their Chicago dogs and this place is called Portillo's Hot Dogs, so naturally, we thought it would be fitting. Their Chicago dog really just tastes like a hot dog...with a dill pickle...I mean really you can't taste much else since those two flavors are quite overpowering. Overall, the hot dog was ehhhh....okayyyySo why the five stars? THE BIG ITALIAN BEEF. End of story. Game over. This thing is ridiculous and if you don't try it, you will have missed out on one of life's truly orgasmic moments. Basically, this is a giant french dip sandwich (oh btw you MUST get it with their hot peppers and ask for them to dip it in gravy, yes they call their au jus gravy). It is the best goddamn french dip sandwich I've ever had. For those of you who's tried Pillippe's in California and thought it was good...this sandwich makes that taste like complete and utter crap! No seriously, you will think to yourself, "my goodness I've been eating garbage all this time!!!"  This beef is melt-in-your mouth tender and is wrapped in a heavenly cloud of soggy drippy french bread...just call it beef juice in sponge form. To top it off, the hot peppers add the perfect crunch in a medley of soft and tender. Honestly, this sandwich just rapes Phillipe's french dip and kicks it to the curb (and this is a place that's known for "great french dips" and has 4 stars with 1999 reviews)....just think about it....please I beg of you, try the friggin sandwich, you will be in love at first bite.If you didn't rank this joint 5 stars...you're missing a few B cells.  There's not another fast food rest. in Chicago that offers such a selection of delicious fast foods.This review is specifically for their chocolate layer cake, which is FAN-TAS-TIC. Like seriously, the best chocolate cake around.  Yeah yeah the dogs and burgers and salads are tasty too, but really what you need to order is the cake. Why are you still reading this review? Why aren't you already out the door and on your way to get the darndest good cake this side of Lake Michigan. GO ALREADY!!!This Portillo's is across the street from a McDonalds. And essentially Portillo's is the McDonalds of Chicago hot dog stands. Except where generally hot dog stands are dirt cheap, Portillo's is sort of pricey if you compare it to other hot dog stands. It's not bad and it's not great. My only real complaint is that if you're going south on Clark and are going to turn left onto Ontario, sometimes the line for the drive through will fuck up the right lane. So you have to go around if you want to turn onto Ontario. If you're in the area and you want a hot dog you could stop by here. But it's not really worth driving out of your way for.Portillo's makes a tasty hot dog. I was kind of sad that it didnt have the funny green relish, but hey, I suppose tourists probably dont want it, and this is a very touristy place with all of the 1930s decor and whatnot. I also tried the Beef- delicious and less soggy than a lot that I've had. Overall, a yummy quick lunch. Don't come on the weekends, though, unless you want to wait in a HUGE line with the fanny pack crowd.I'm starting to drool just thinking about what to write about Portillo's.  Hands down this is the best fast food hamburger you can get in the country.  Their french fries are deliciously crispy and crinkly!  I happen to love the strawberry spinach salad for the days I'm trying to watch my girlish figure.  They have a chocolate cake shake... do I really have to say any more?Came here during my last visit to Chi-town. Think this is the original Portillo's so about 10 of us walked here from the office under the chilly wind for the hotdogs. A must try.i've never been soo full off one hot dog! truly, these people mean business. my sister ordered the italian sausage with meat on top! good lord! i did try it and it was quite good, despite the damage it will do to my arteries. i love how there are italian peppers hidden inside so it adds an extra kick to each bite!there are tons of tables upstairs AND downstairs...so that means it gets packed! each restaurant had an individual theme and this one is set during the prohibition. a location in buena park just opened up, so if you are in the so.cal area, check it out!i heard the shakes are really good. didnt get to try them...i didnt have enough apetite.i dont think i'll be returning anytime soon, only because it does leave you with that heavy feeling. it is a place i recommend tyring if you ever come across one. as convenient chain businesses are, i appreciate the mom and pop businesses more.. as for vegetarians/vegans or if you feel like eating light, there isnt much choice for you. at this location, there was a pasta place connected to it. im not sure if this goes the same at every portillos location, but i suggest you go with something else.While the food was excellent, the service was absolutely terrible!  We scheduled an 11:15 pickup (since they wouldn't deliver a $450 food order) and walked out of there with COLD food at . . . 12:25.  By the time we got the food back to our office and warmed it up (it was cold, of course), our party that was supposed to be from 12-2 was more than half-over.  Once it was warm, the food was good and the chocolate cake, of course, was fabulous.  But even still I will NEVER order from there for a party again.Wow....a lot of you reviewers get your undies in a twist because Portillo hot dogs aren't that great.  I agree, but then again there are many other things on the menu to try.  Their cheeseburger is FANTASTIC. The Italian beef is solid as is the cake shake.  The fries, I guess, are not for everybody, but they are a favorite of mine because they taste like POTATO, instead of the more typical flavorless crunchy sticks.My first day in chicago, i was ready to eat some of this "chicago food" that everyone is saying is good...Im talking to you Food Network!So we end up going here. It was later in the afternoon and was close to our hotel. My partner said, "its really good. You have to try Portillos." We walk in and its sorta fast food/sit down place. Order, wait, sit and eat. Thats fine. As i was was looking at the menu, trying to decide what to have, i noticed there are 2 locations in California. My heart sank a little. I wanted to try a place thats not all over the country. But whatever, lets do this. i asked my partner what i should have since he's lived out in Chicago before. Italian beef-dipped! DONE. OMG...it was so good! Then I thought, good thing they have 2 locations in california (Moreno Valley/Buena Park) cuz this sh*t is gooooddd!!!I ended up coming back again for the ribs and they were good too. They serve everything there. From salads, to pastas, to hot dogs, to sandwiches, and even desserts like frozen custards, short cake, and they even had a bar. Umm i think i'm gonna move in!Great place to eat....im so gonna hit up the Cali locations!!!Great place to grab a dog. Walking by and seeing the drive through line was a bit worried, but the lines move fast and plenty of seating.The best damn Hot Dog and a mean Italian Beef!   They really come through with the speed and accuracy of the service there.  Come on you know its impressive!  Cheers.The Italian beef and Italian sausage combo TOTALLY blew me away.  Yeah, I expected it to be good, but not THIS good.  The flavor balance of savory and spicy was amazing!  It wasn't too wet or dry, but the perfect juicy!  This is probably one of the top 3 things I miss from Chicago!  On the flip side, the Chicago dog ain't so good...Chopped salad is excellent. I don't even like salad, but I will eat this any day. The hot dogs are good. Fries are always perfect. The ribs...OMG the ribs...are so tender and fall off the bone. I have not been able to find any other place that serves better ribs. Slam dunk. I love Portillo's.If you live in IL, and don't like Portillos, MOVE!Ooooooh, the Italian Beef, the hot dogs, the FRIES!!!  I have been eating at Portillo's my whole life, and no, I don't weight 10,000 pounds.  I feel sorry for the people who don't live in this area because they don't get to experience the yummy goodness of Portillo's.  Fast food,  but oh so delicious.  And did I mention the FRIES?  Crinkle-cut, crispy on the outside, fluffly on the inside.  My mouth is watering - - maybe I'll head over there for lunch right now.It's a chain, but I love it. Best hot dogs in Chicago...I think they even may beat the ones at Wrigley.  It's a tourist hot spot, but good enough for the regulars as well.Their italian beef is the best.  Have to get the giardiniera hot pepper relish and dipped. Great cheese fries too.Cheap, quick, hot dogs for for around $3.  They are topped with tomato, pickle, mustard, and onions. Perfect for a snack, as the beef dog is not that large. Service was fast, and the restaurant was very spacious.  I'm a fan.this place was REALLY good. I actually wanted to eat here every day. I had a Italian sausage on a roll with hot peppers and i ordered a side of chilli. the inside of the restaurant was full of colors. definitely a place to visit while in Chicago.*whispers*   Pssst.  Portillos has beer.  Nothing goes better with an Italian Beef sandwich or a Maxwell Street Polish.  And a tall cold one might help you forget the kitschy décor and the bus loads of tourists.Came back to Chicago from Brazil and needed to get my hot dog fix in. So obviously I hit up Portillo's. Hot dogs were fantastic and the people behind the counter were really cool and funny. Ordered a regular Chicago style hot dog and an italian sausage with hot peppers. The hot dog alone was unbelievable. The italian sausage seemed to have been sitting there for too long and hand started to wrinkle. Actually got a little sick later and I have to blame it on the sausage. However, the hot dog brings this rating back up to 4 stars.If you want a regular tasting hot dog, come here!A visitor or local, Portillo's better be on your "can't miss" list. Chopped salad, italian beef sandwiches, and chocolate cake. Well-balanced meal, I'll say. That's all ya need baby. C'mon, you have to like a place that has staff who know how to count their money. Check it out, you'll see what I mean. I'd be the happiest if one day I woke up and found a Portillo's on every other block like that one coffee shop with a green lady logo ;) If only... Seriously, it's THAT worth it.Not the best chicago hot dog I've tasted. The buns were too soaggy for me (over steamed I guess). But for $2.50 a hot dog, well worth the time.I guess I should have read my previous review because I ate a hot dog, Italian beef, and side of fries again this time around. Just means another trip to Chicago is in my future :)When I have out of town visitors determined to get the Chicago dog experience I often bring them to Portillo's. One, it's a lot more accessible than Hot Doug's. And everything else about it is pretty darn great as well- no matter how busy they get the staff operate like a well-oiled machine so that the wait never seems too terribly long. The prices are cheap and the hot dogs thick and juicy. I've tried a lot of different food items here (onion rings, fries, milk shakes, chili dog, italian sausage, regular Chicago hot dog, etc.) and none have disappointed. Wow that list just made me feel like a fatty...but I love it!Great as always. Food hot and fresh. Reasonable prices. Great service. Delicious Italian Beef with hot peppers.The hot dogs were amazing! Every time I visit Chicago I try to get a Chicago dog at a different place. Portillo's Hot Dogs is by far the best one I have had yet. It's affordable and delicious!Got the Chicago dog w/ everthing on it. Super awesome!!!!  Goy another while i was still there. Also got the Italian Beef, per recommendation of my hotel's concierge. Definitely a must have. Price is decent for a vacay spot. $2.45 for a dog. I'd definitely go again.Hot Doug's was too far, and the prospect of standing in line forever didn't seem appealing, so we decided to try Portillo's. I really liked this place. Had a traditional redhot (dragged through the garden) along with some yummy cheese fries. Cheap prices and stick-to-your-ribs food made for a great, quick lunch. Skip the chocolate cake - it was bland and didn't taste homemade.Had the Chicago style dogs, Italian beef, some french fries, and tiramisu. Wish I could've tried more. The food was excellent, and there was so much going on. The drive thru was double-laned it was so packed. Great place with interesting decor and awesome prices.Wish I could also add a smiley face for the way this place makes me feel inside...gush! Grew up on the west side and these are the best Italian Beef Sandwiches in the city. I love the flavor, quick service, and reasonable prices. They have an amazing menu they also share with the pasta place. The beef dogs are really good too, go great with the crinkle-cut fries. Seriously this place is one of my first stops when I go back home. I love you Portillo's.Although Portillo's is a chain restuarant with a heavy suburban presence, I've found their hot dogs to be among the tastiest I've sampled in the Chicago area.  The beef dishes are not bad either, their Beef-n-Cheddar Croissant is a buttery, greasy, cheezy delight!  Many of the larger Portillo's also have a "side" counter which serves non-burger/beef/dog fare, this location has a Barnelli's for pasta, their counter always looks very lonely which isn't surprising, I imagine it's tough to sell those pasta dishes when the dogs & beef are what most people come for...Best italian beefs, quick drive thru and service was great. Be aware of the delicous shakesI was worried that since it was late my food was not going to be as good. Well well well.. yes indeedy I was wrong. My Italian beef was on point and my onion rings were piping hot!!! I am so HOT for Portillos right now!!!What a great place to get a bite.. I can't get enough of their polish sausage. so damn good. Never dined inside, always do the drive-through and its so funny when all the tourists walk by and are not sure why the restaurant is so busy with cars and people everywhere. Love the fact that I can go anytime I want, drive in and get my food.Tried Portillo's Hot Dogs on my recent trip to Chicago. It was one of the highest rated and most rated places on Yelp. And everyone kept saying that we had to try a Chicago Style Hot Dog. So my friends and I went to Portillo's. I had the regular hot dog, their famous beef sandwich, and some cheese fries with a side of chili. The food was good. The hot dog and beef sandwich were filling. Unfortunately side of chili was really small, probably not worth ordering. The food also came out quickly and line was not too long. If you are looking to try a Chicago dog or an Italian beef sandwich Portillo's is not a bad option, especially if you want to avoid the lines. We waited over an hour at Hot Doug's (yelp.com/biz/hot-dougs-c…).This was the first place I ate at when I moved to Chicago 15 years ago so it holds a sweet spot in my heart. If you ever need to pig out on fantastic Chicago dogs and a huge chunk of chocolate cake this is your place. Anyone who can eat just one Chicago dog here and not crave another is a freak of nature. Soooo good.Had to visit since I heard so much about this place.  I ended up ordering the famous Italian Beef.  It lived up to stories.  I'm not sure if the "shipped" goods would taste as well.  The sides were a tad too greasy for me but I guess that's why it tastes good.  Lol!  This place huge and filled with Chicago Memorabilia especially sports.  A must visit if just visiting Chicago.Yum, I love me some Portillo's Italian beef!!  It's really good hangover food, soaks up that alcohol really well! Just kidding, I would eat here if I wasn't hung over too.  Wasn't that impressed with the fries, but the cheese that came with them was great, as only melty cheese can be.  The service was very fast, they have a good system to get the food out while it's still hot...Being from the west coast, I usually arrive in Chicago sometime later in the evening, and every time I request to get Portillo's as my first meal in town.  They have a chocolate cake shake, which combines two of my favorite eats, milkshake and chocolate cake.  They're regular chocolate cake is very good too.  My favorite is the italian sausage/beef combo sandwich.  It's so good and hits the spot to kick off my Chicago trips right.   This location is in downtown Chicago, so parking's a bit of a biatch, but they thankfully have a drive thru.  I know they also serve hot dogs and burgers, which I hear are very good, but that combo sandwich just can't be beat.What can I say, I love this place.  The food is great.  Known for their hot dogs, but truth be told I love their burgers.  Always super crowded when I go here, but they move things along pretty dang quick.  And 90% of the time plus its with a smile, and a funny comment.Portillo's is a Chicago staple. You can go wrong with this menu. I have to admit the staff is a little rude but I still have it 5 stars because the food is amazing. Tourist love it and Locals...well we go through the drive thru! If you want a real Chicago dog OR Italian Beef go here. Chocolate Cake is amazing. Prices aren't bad at all! You do get a lot of bang for your buck.Wow what can I say about this place?!!!! ITs freaken awsome! Everytime I go back to Chicago I have to stop and get me a Italian beef sandwich with a side of cheese. The grease from the meat falls down your hand as you try and inhale this great sandwich. Its always packed and full of energy. Their hot dogs are fantastic as well, the shakes are the best. You can't go wrong stopping by and getting your grub on. I have gone as far as having  my sister send me Portillos on my birthday. One of the best gifts ever.Even better than I thought it would be. Worth my mile walk. Awesome Chicago hot dog and fries!!Very disappointed , maybe it was a bad night ?Every time we go home to Chicago, we make a stop (or two) at Portillo's. We always, ALWAYS order Italian beefs with fries. Why? Because they are the best. The beef is shaved nice and thin. Perfect for piling high into the bread. And the bread! Let's talk about the bread. The bun is always fresh, soft and chewy. The texture of the bread pairs so perfectly with the delicately sliced beef. And the au jus.... it is seasoned to absolute perfection. What's more is you can top your beef sandwich with either hot or sweet peppers, or both. I prefer the hot peppers (giardinera.) Yum. Not to be forgotten are the crinkle-cut fries: crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, just the way I like 'em. (Take that, McDonald's!) And I hear they have good hot dogs, too.Down right grubbing!  Portillo's has a pretty large menu ranging from pasta to burgers to their famous hot dogs.  Stopped by after a White Sox game and ordered 2 regular hot dogs.  At first, I ordered my hot dog with my usual condiments - ketchup and relish only.  The restaurant cashier gave me a look like I was committing murder.  So I backed away and said I'd take the hot dog with everything on it.  Turns out, he was right.  The hot dog was delicious and actually tasted a bit healthy with the onions, tomatoes and pickle topping.We also decided to order a shake...the restaurant cashier suggested their famous "chocolate cake" shake so we ordered the largest size possible.  This time, he was wrong!  Unless you really really like chocolate cake and like slurping it up in chunks up a straw...the shake is not for you.  The shake was a waste of $5 for us.  I would not recommend the shake unless like I said...you like slurping chocolate cake chunks up a straw.  I prefer my chocolate cake on a plate and my shake to be vanilla...literally.Best beef / prime rib sandwich I've ever had...and "I've been around, you know"Oh fellow yelpers, why did you lead me astray? Since this was the closest four star place to the loop for hot dogs, had to drop by. This place is packed on a Friday for lunch, but lines move fast due to the well oiled operations. We barely had a chance to look at the menu before it's  our turn to order. We ordered a classic Chicago style hot dog, sausage and beef sandwich, fries, and a chocolate malt. Hot dog was not special and needed more celery salt. Beef was extremely bland. Fries were no better than what you'd get from the freezer aisle. Thank goodness for ketchup (yes, I know it's not allowed, but with food this blah?)Everytime we go to Chicago we stop by Portillo's for their hot dogs. The Jumbo Chili cheese dog and Chicago style dog are must have. And let's not forget about their chocolate cake!This is the showcase of the Portillo's chain that is mostly featured in the suburbs. The place has the retro look of a Capone-era hangout. This is really two restaurants in one, with Portillo's serving hot dogs, burgers, Italian beef, fries and onion rings. Barnelli's serves pizza, pasta and ribs, but you must have the rich and delicious chocolate cake.I love me some Portillos Italian beef sandwiches!  Well, to tell you the truth..I normally go with the combo sandwich.  Whenever I order a combo at a restaurant its always a gamble for me.  There are many places that use a nasty slim jim type of sausage that tastes like its made of only beef hearts.  Not here at Portillos....great tasting beef with a spicy sausage.  I like to get mine dipped so the bread is soaked with the delicious beef juice.  The consistency between the different locations is also something to note.  Service and cleanliness is very good, whether you are downtown or in the burbs.I'm not going to lie, this was my first meal upon moving to Chicago. I could never appreciate an Italian beef sandwich with cheese and now I can. It is so juicy (sometimes overly so) and so dang tasty. The fries aren't bad either and if you order a hotdog on the side, you have the ultimate meal. Don't forget to get a slice of their famous chocolate cake! I am a choco-holic and this never disappoints. The chocolate cake shake is too much even for me. The menu has something for everyone. The chop salad is fantastic and you can customize your order. The chicken sandwich is also always fresh and juicy. I have dined in before too and the atmosphere is typical Chicago and I love it. The prices aren't bad and the service is snappy and you usually can get a smile or some quirky comment while waiting to get your food. Hell, this sure beats McDonalds for fast food!Portillo's is as synonymous to Chicago as Willis Tower. I have had Portillo's many many times. I just don't see what's wonderful about it. It's your typical hot dog, burgers, sandwiches, pastas and above all, the Italian beef sandwich. They dipped the sandwich in the jus and got mine all soggy. Personally it's not pleasant to eat soggy buns. Other burgers and sandwiches are quite average but I enjoyed their grilled fish sandwich. People were raving about their chocolate cake; it's good but average as well. The only thing that kept me coming back is the frozen custard and friendly service at this location. FYI There's no table service. Just order at the cashier, pick up your food and find a place to sit.It's probably not very lady-like to eat a Portillo's chili dog as your first meal of the day, but really--does it even matter when they taste so good?This place has all of my favorite vices, and done well. I love love love their hot-dogs, they are some of the best in the city, ditto for their Italian beef. Oh, and cheese-fries, and burgers- and Polish sausage! Yeah, this is one of my favorite places. Period. Quick story-I had, for some reason, given up eating red-meat several years back and was doing well for almost a year, when I was around the Clark/Ontario area starving, looking for a place to eat. I went into several places to find that they all had waits of 45 minutes or more. In a panic, I looked around and saw Portillos, and in my weakened state wandered over, powerless. They broke my will with their luring greasy Chicago standards. Did I mention how much I love this place?Portillo's makes one dandy Italian beef sandwich - the meat is very lean but piled high, add some peppers and an extra cup of au jus for dipping and you won't be disappointed. Bonus points for crinkle cut fries! (Go for cheese on the side). I'm not normally a pop drinker, but when I go to Portillo's, I always feel compelled to get root beer. It just ties everything together so deliciously. (Some people know wine and cheese pairings, but I think pop and grease pairings are just as important). Is this place toursity? Of course! Who cares? It's yummy!I love all Portillo's!  I really haven't had anything here I didn't like (and I have been here lots and lots of times)!  The Italian beefs, the combos, the hot dogs, the chocolate cake, the soups, the fries, even the hamburgers and the salads.  I am not the biggest fan of the smoothies but I am very picky about my smoothies.Chicago is supposed to be known for their hotdogs and I have to say, I was utterly disappointed after having this ordinary I can buy and make it myself from the grocery store kind of hotdog.My friend insisted me try this place because she claimed it was theee best hotdog place ever... to my disappointment it was far from that. I mean maybe if you go here after a long rough night of drunken debauchery, it might taste like heaven, but on a sober night, it's def NOT the happenin place to go.The simple chocolate cake they serve made me bump up the rating-I kept seeing people mention this cake, so my 2nd time in I got it-It's a simple cake like Duncan Hines yet won my heart over and made me give it another star-Chicago dogs are consistently good and the fries were delicious too. I always have to go when I'm in chicago because you can't find a better chicago dog.This place was alright and had a decent Chicago dog, but I found myself underwhelmed and disappointed. I came here on two separate occasions and felt the same way both times. It has a novelty aspect, what with the wacky interior decorations and different food stations. Their chili was pretty tasty, but a bit oily for my taste. I think next time I'm in Chicago I'll try out another place.Portillo's is amazing and I am so glad that I moved to Chicago because there are multiple locations everywhere! I love the chili cheese dog and the cheese fries and I always finish up with a strawberry milkshake!I love Portillo's.  I go there often and never had a problem with my order. I have mainly ordered their delicious salads. I just wished there was better parking, but the location is fine. I can get right on Ontario and connect with the expressways fast. Good restaurant, good workers, and good food.I love this place.  They have great food, and it's nice that they have both the normal portillo's fare (burgers, italian beef, dogs, etc.), as well as a good fast Italian menu.  I also appreciate that they have a drive-through.  Great for lunches and weeknights.  Also, this place has a great atmosphere.This place has so much different kinds of food that it can be overwhelming. We came here with a mission and that is to try some Chicago style dogs. They didn't disappoint. Spacious, quick, and efficient, the place is a good place for a quick bite before heading out for a night in town. Definitely a place to check out when you're in the city.MMMMMMMMMMMMMM........it doesn't get any better than this, hot dogs, hamburgers, fries....fast service, yummy, wish we had one in Madison Wisconsin!Disappointed by a supposed Chicago classic again.  Had the Portillo's Chicago Style Hot Dog and Italian Beef Sandwich.  The hot dog was average.  The sandwich was slightly better, but still not great.  At least it was relatively cheap and the seating was clean and plentiful.Ok, not knowing what to expect, I brought a visiting out-of-town friend here for a "traditional Chicago dog." What I didn't know was that through those doors awaited a madhouse of lines, crowds, and confusing stations. At first, I was overwhelmed. I mean, I'm used to the "how many in your party? Ok, let me show you to your table" kind of restaurant, so this was leaving my comfort zone...to an entirely different planet.    Once we got our bearings and figured out how Portillo's works as far as ordering goes, we waited not-so-patiently in line, stomachs growling, to order. We waited again to pick up our order, but by that point we had lightened up a bit and saw the fun in the process.   My loaded hotdog was really great. The bun was a bit soggy (from the pickle), but I ate it so quickly that it was hardly an issue. The fries reminded me of the kind my mom used to get from the frozen aisle--the crinkly kind that was supposed to withstand the weight of ketchup and not bend over all floppily (though I kind of like the floppy ones). Portillo's claim to fame is their "cake shakes," which are exactly what they sound like. I only had a spoonful of a friend's, but it was delish! It reminded me of when you have cake and ice cream at someone's birthday, and you mix the melting ice cream together with the cake into one homogenous paste, although this was more appetizing than I just made it sound.   Overall a fun experience, yummy food, childhood throwbacks, and you should go.My wife took me here. She never eats red meat - except for Portillo's burgers. I had the Italian beef and it was excellent with the sweet peppers. Greasy, messy, excellent fast foodI have had nothing bad here.  Italian beef - delish. Hot dogs - delish. Chocolate cake shake - delish. Fries - delish. I can't tell you about the salads, I wouldn't get one here.  Portillos is the type of place where I would starve myself all day just to gorge later on any of the above.I was recommended this place by a local. Line had about 50 people waiting, but I was eating my hot dog in about 15 minutes. Once I got my hot dog it was one of the tastiest hot dogs I've ever had. You can have it covered tons of different way. To top it off, they serve beer there as well. Plenty of seating upstairs and downstairs.Before you go, know that this is a tourist-oriented place across the street from the Hard Rock Cafe. The food is actually really good. We had the Chicago Style Hot dogs which did not disappoint. My son had a double cheeseburger which was HUGE. If it causes a teenager to wish he'd only ordered a single, you know it is huge.Overall, we had a great time. It was busy, but we still found a seat easily. The food was very quick, and the employee calling the numbers was extremely entertaining and friendly, even when confronted by an unreasonable and angry patron. I was impressed by the ease at which she diffused the situation and attempted to make the customer happy.My family wanted a fun place to have lunch on our trip, and Portillo's did not disappoint. The only thing keeping it from a 5 is the fact that there is a bit of a learning curve in navigating the restaurant, but don't let that stop you from going. Bring an appetite.i will get in my car and drive the 13 hours it takes to get a hot dog from here. i don't even eat meat anymore, but i will..I WILL eat an italian beef.This place needs to migrate down south so these texans can figure out what a real hot dog and italian beef tastes like.Amazing Italian Beef. I couldn't wait to come back to Chicago to get this again. Wet, with spicy peppers. Messy, wet and utterly amazing, I was once again taken to another place as I scarfed down the Big Italian Beef. Great Jardonare as well. Can't wait to go back!i visited Chicago for the week to see my family for a wedding. They took me here to eat. Man! best Italian beef sandwiches and hot dogs. toasted bun with gravy, onions and hot peppers. Now i just mail order mines when i have cravings! No where in CaliforniaAmazing burgers, hot dogs, and italian beefs. I would take their burger and fries over any IN & Out burger.  End of story. By far the greatest place in Chicago. A MUST for any tourist.This is basically the best restaurant in the world, they have the best hot dogs ever made and the atmosphere is awesome, there are two floors and it's right next to excalibur and rock and roll mcdonald's and rainforest cafe, it's right in the middle of everything.  The drive thru is also very quick.First time customer who will certainly be back! I went with my husband and two teenage sons who ordered two Chicago dogs and one chili dog. I wasn't going to eat because I wasn't really hungry, but after I tried a bite of my husband's, he marched right back in line to buy me my own so I wouldn't eat his. I love love love their Chicago Dog!!In one location I got to try two Chicago classics, the Chicago-style dogs and Italian beef.  OK, I've had them before, and they pretty much seem the same everywhere.  The dogs are served on a poppy-seed bun with tomato, onion, pickle, peppers and mustard.  The Italian beef is tender, but bland, still needing a heavy dousing of ketchup despite the alleged au jus.  For something different, I tried the chocolate cake milk shake.  My dad and me have this thing with devil's food cake - every time my mom makes it, we place our slice in a bowl and douse it in milk.  It's great; you ought to try it.  These shakes tasted exactly like our cake-milk creation.  I liked that.I don't know how I missed coming to this place the last time I was in Chicago but i'm glad I found it on this trip. I had the Maxwell St polish. Its a polish sausage covered with grilled onions and mustard. By far the best hot dog I have ever eaten. I'm at home right now dreaming of one. I can't wait to return.A guy my size can kill a Chicago, a Polish, and the Italian sandwich (sausage and sliced beef drenched in super peppery au jus) in one sitting.  Been meaning to dunk them in a bowl of chili and cheese - next time I'll be sure to come hungry.Food is just as consistently good as other locations, and quality of getting your order correct is very high.  The added bonus of being able to drink beers from huge steins puts this over the top, thusly - the 5 star rating.i had to try hot dogs during my trip to chicago, so we tried this chain, portillos for lunch. it was really packed, almost like a food court, with different stations, but of course portillo's was the longest line. however, there's a person that goes up to each person in line asking what they'll be having, writes it down on a paper bag, and you take the paper bag with you to pay. then as you pay (the workers here are friendly!) you hand them the bag and given a number on your receipt. then, quickly enough, there's a woman who's rhyming off the numbers in a fun fun way and you pick up your food and then scoot to the left to get your drink. really fast and an awesome method of ordering!i got the regular hot dog (minus the pickles) and an order of cheese fries! i was hoping itd be the nacho cheese sauce, not real cheese melted on top. and it WAS! i was bummed they were crinkle cut, but these had to be the best crinkle cut fries id had.  they were nice and crispy. the hot dog was pretty standard, but the peppers in it made it very yummy. my friend said having "neon relish" is good, but portillos had regular relish.my friend got the beef sandwich (i told her i had read on yelp that getting it WET was good), and it sure was wet and delicious! their onion rings are also really good as well. we sat on the second floor, and it just seems like a fun place to grab a quick bite. loved all the little details of the restaurant, nice view from upstairs.I'm speaking stictly based on the take out Italian beef sandwiches, and they are phenomenal! Ask for it dry with a side of au jou and you are ready for an amazing take out lunch. Seriously so much better then Al's that it's ridiculous. Get the hot peppers, don't miss out, trust me.I am a hot dog connoisseur. An expert some may say. I know what it takes to be a great hot dog. The bun, the hot dog itself (wieners in some states), the toppings...the flavor...With this being said, I have come to the conclusion that Chicago is neck and neck with Jersey as having a great...no wait...awesome hot dog. Forget NY with their dirty water dogs...My friend was hyping this place up. I kept telling him no way is it going to come close to a Jersey Texas Wiener. He insisted so when a business trip to Chicago fell into place, we could not miss out. We literally took the cab from the airport to this place. He kept saying, "you will not be disappointed"...I had my doubts. What could possibly be so good about a Chicago dog. I mean I have had a couple but none in Chicago so I guess maybe the city does it right. Walking into this place is a bit confusing...there are counters all over, different places to order different styles of food. Almost in comparison to a market but a lot smaller and much tastier. I ordered 1 Chicago dog. Now if you don't know what a Chicago Dog is, here is a description: topped with yellow mustard, chopped white onions, sweet pickle relish (often a dyed neon-green variety, sometimes called piccalilli, a dill pickle spear, tomato slices or wedges, pickled sport peppers, and a dash of celery salt. The hot dog MUST be a Vienna Beef Dog. No imitations. No ketchup either. This is the real way to make it. Anyway, my friend also urged me to order the Italian beef sandwich (I didn't care for it but it will not effect this review). The CHD was mouthwatering delicious...heavenly (think Angels singing in the background as you are eating it)...it's that good...I swear. If you go to Chicago, forget deep dish pizza....think Chicago Hot Dog's at Portillo's...go for it...And if you are wondering, I ate about 2 bites of the Italian Beef Sandwich and went to get 2 more CHD's...come on...I am better than that. :-)OOOKAY I understand this is a Chicago tradition thing, but I've tried the Italian beef/sausage and the hot dog and both were fine but nothing special, in my opinion. That said, given the crowds populating this food court-y place, the food is fresh. Hot fries, yum! Thick thick chocolate milkshake. Great service. Impressive story.How can you not love this place?  Chicago style street food - it's fantastic!Yes, this is what happens if a Food Court was designed by Disneyland with an odd splash of Chuck E Cheese... It definitely has an odd cartoony feel to it, but you know what... the food kicks ass.  The Italian beef is delicious... the way it soaks itself into the bread... Mmmm... Sloppy but soooo goood.  And while the space was not what I was expecting, I came for the food.  Long live the combo!YUM!!  Whenever I come to Chicago I always make a stop at Portillo's.  I've never been inside but I love how the drive through works and the old fashioned coin dispensers the people who take your orders have.  The jumbo hotdog with everything is great. The hamburger's are good as well, but I once got one that was really salty.  Overall for a good fast meal I will keep going back to Portillo's.I've never fell in love with Italian Beef and Hot dogs in my life. Chicago's food is the best eveeeerrrrrrrr!!!!!!!!! I would gain 50lbs if I lived next to a Portillo's, no joke. In all, the Italian Beef with melted cheese on a soft buttered croissant is like a orgasm in your mouth!!!!!! Portillo's I love you!!!! I wish they had one in Downtown Denver ;)A Chicago landmark--and for a good reason.  The atmosphere is chaotic, but you get your food fast.  I had the Italian beef sandwich, which was oozing with juice and savory goodness.  The vanilla milkshake was excellent.  Portillos is definitely a restaurant that I would feel too guilty eating at more than once a month, though!  The food is quite greasy but very tasty.They are so big and busy  don't care about customer service anymore. you get your hot food cold and cold food war. all mixed in same bag to go. management dont care.Even with Ketchup (blasphemy in Chicago), a Portillo's dog was VERY good. The place was crowded and they weren't bussing the tables very well the night I went. Would try again, however.My, my, my. Combo beef and char grilled sausage. Amazing. I'm new to the beef/sausage game, but my taste buds know what good food tastes like. Maybe there are better in Chicago, but I loved this place. My family actually ate there and got my wife and I sandwiches after our long plane ride from Cali. They were a few hours old and still delicious. I can't even imagine what they taste like fresh. Come to find out they have one here in So Cal! Boom!Great selection of food - hot dogs, italian sausages, salads, hamburgers, shakes, anything american! I really like plain hot dogs and the dogs here are pretty good! It's definitely a place to try and eat-in so you can see their unique decor.Stay away from the portabello panini if you value your taste buds and/or money. I suppose this wasn't a good place for a vegetarian to eat.It's a tourist thing to do but hey you are in Chicago! Although you can make this anywhere in America. Sausage they use here is wonderfully fresh which is always a big plus! Friendly and prompt service.This is one of my favorite places in the city.  Everything here is good!  My favorites include the big beef (about 9 inches long -- get it dipped with giardinera), chicken sandwich (very tasty -- well-marinated), and the double hamburger (great charbroiled flavor).I loved eating here - the decor is fun to look at, or you can sit outside and people watch. And the food is good. Sometimes all you want is a fish burger and cheese fries after working a 12-hour day.It's a good and bad thing that they opened one here in the So Cal area..Aaahh this is the place where my mouth was introduced to the most delicious italian beef sandwich. My favorite sandwich is a spicy veal sandwich from San Francesco in Toronto, Canada. Only a few places could rival them...and portillo's is a strong contender. Im so glad they open one in buena park, so I can satisfy my addiction. By the way I still have $95 left on my Portillo's gift card...I gotta use that up!Get your Chicago dogs here!  Oh and DO NOT forget the cheese fries. They have those awesomely amazing crinkle cut fries from your elementary school's cafeteria but only 100x's better with no lunch lady arms to accommodate! The Italian Beef and yummm-ay Breaded Chicken Sandwich/Croissant also leave me loving life. Top it off with a Chocolate Cake Shake and you are in fatty heaven!Very disappointed by this place.  Yes, the signature hot dog is $2 and some cents, but the hot dog was the size of my pinky and nothing special.Sooooo cheap!  Sooooo tasty!I visited Chicago from Boston and researched restaurants on Yelp before I left. I didn't think I was going to find a spot like this! It is the best place for hot dogs and quick food. The jalapenos and pickled spear on the dogs tasted so delicious! I was in the city staying nearby and I went to this place three times... once a day for the three days I was in the city. The design of the inside is very Chicago with an antique feeling. I strongly suggest stopping by for the friendly atmosphere, fast services, and delicious food.I love Portillo's.  The ITALIAN BEEF, the dogs, the ribs, burgers, the slaw,... the fries are just okay.  Everything is good to great, and the Italian beef is tasty.  If you're going to get one item on the menu before you die, get the Italian Beef "dipped" with hot peppers.This is my first experience with chicago style hotdog and I love it. I like pickle and hot pepper so. The hotdog also fresh and the bun is steamed I believe. Soft and rather chewy. I like the ambience. The space is so big, with the merriment of decoration not to mention there were a lot of people...So if you wanted just to be alone this was not your place. If you wanted to have a good food, cheap and fulfilling this is the one. I also tried their chocolate cake and onion ring. They were ok.I'm never dissappointed with the Italian Beef with HOT peppers. This is a must stop from me everytime I come to Chicago!!!!Cheap, fun and chill place to eat at.  Got the Chicago style hot dog and a frozen custard dessert.  Perfect for a midday snack.  Friendly customer service.Portillo's seems to be some sort of chicago institution and was very busy when i went there. The reviews on yelp seemed to suggest the italian beef sandwich which i got with both kinds of peppers. I am however afraid to report that i don't see what the big deal about this place is. The sandwich was average at best and the two peppers at 50 cents each seemed a bit unreasonable to me especially considering how cheap the rest of the sandwich was. I feel like im missing something or maybe got a bad sandwich but i was unimpressed. Sorry Chicago.when we walked in we had just beaten the lunchtime rush so we had time to digest the entire menu, which was of healthy portions.  the entire place is very busy, two stories, pieces of chicago memorabilia hanging from every piece bare wood, and antique models working out of false store fronts, all very cool.  i went with the chicago style hot dog, and i wont get anything else when i go back!  all beef vienna, poppyseed bun, and the most delicious little hot peppers to top.  it was awesome! the service made us feel like home with the lady preparing our food "ORDER NUMBER 144, YOU WAIT NO MORE!!!" haha we had an awesome first time experience, cant wait to head back in julyBest in town! I am hooked.You know at first I didn't like this place very much.  I thought the Italian Beef was soggy like someone chewed it up and spit it out onto a plate for me to eat.  I thought it was gross.  But ever since they put one up in the OC I loved it.Interesting lunch spot with a mix of locals and tourists. Classic Chicago hot dogs and beef sandwiches.Great hotdog place. Love the ambiance too.My lips are smacking just from thinking about Portillo's Chicago Dog. We didn't want to wait for Hot Doug's so found Portillo's on yelp and gave it a try. Best decision ever! I think the poppy seed bread was the key ingredient that made this hot dog so good. It was cheap, and fast, and what a way to experience Chicago with this restaurant!I'm definitely not a fan of Chicago dogs, but their fries are out of this world and their cake shake is pretty great, too.Portillo's is my favorite place to grab a hot dog in Chicago. They have anything you could want (pizza, salad, pasta), but I suggest sticking with the hot dogs.  Definitely try the onion rings too...You should all be ashamed to call yourselves Chicagoans! They don't even use Vienna Beef Hot Dogs any more at Portillo's!!!!!!!!!!!! Highly over rated and very expensive. I'd rather eat dirt......I agree with Andrea that I go here for the salads. I love the chopped salad- I had it for lunch last week for the first time in a while and it was so good! This is also a great place to eat in the summer because they have a huge outdoor patio!I've lived in Chicago for 3 years, and finally my boyf dragged me to Portillos to get my first Chicago style dog.Meh, not impressed. It's ok, but nothing out of this world. Perhaps it's because I am not a Chicago or Chicagoland native, or maybe it's because I hail from Toledo, home of Tony Packo's. I just expect more flavor from the dog itself, instead it was a bland ole hotdog covered in condiments that I already have in my kitchen. I don't know what all the hype is about.Do not make a mistake.  Do not visit Chicago and fail to visit this location. Have the Italian beef and a chocolate cake shake. This is a must.So we had heard no trip to Chicago was complete without a Chicago Dog and this was the most recommended place to us from locals and people on the street.  We found the place one night while we were walking around and killing the 2 hours for our reservations somewhere else and went in to look around. I wanted to get one then, but my friend wouldn't let me. Lol so we came back the next day. You walk in and go through the dining area to get up to 4 different order lines. One is for the hotdogs and burgers, one is the Italian area, a beer line, and desserts. We were here on a mission so even though everything looked and smelled amazing we were getting a Chicago Dog since it was our last day in the city.  Well this place delivered! The bun was super fresh the hotdog filled the bun and was really good the pickle, tomato, peppers, relish and mustard (I think that was all that was on it) combined flavors perfectly! It did take a few bites to get everything in one bite. Well worth the wait and I think I'm glad this was my first Chicago Dog.  I never saw a place on the street I would have preferred that but I guess it's not like NY here. So Portillo's thank you for introducing me to your Chicago Dog. Next time I'm in Chicago ill be coming here to try some of the other amazing things you have.Portillo's has the best hotdogs available in Chicago.  Burgers are really good as well but you have to tell them no mayo- not really a big fan of mayo on burgers- -don't know who thought of that but places should really stop ruining burgers with it.Ok, so you want good fast food Chicago style?  This is the place.  Their hamburgers are THE best fast food burgers you are going to find.  And their beef?  Outta this world!!  Best way to go is big beef, dipped, with cheese and peppers - sweet and hot.  Very busy during dinner and lunch rush, but the staff is good and quick with the orders.  Even when they are crazy busy, they have never gotten my order wrong.it might've been because my flight was delayed for hours and i haven't ate for hours, but when my friend took me to this joint, i was blown away w/ the dogs. it's really amazing. the chicago dog is dah bomb...u must try it out...Cool place to hang out with friends, I've never actually finished anything I ordered in Portillo's coz the big big portion..... I think it's ranked as the best street food in Chicago. .....and this is a place for meet lovers !The hot dogs here are great! Portillo's is my pick when it comes to fast food!Tasty Chicago dogs, as well as other "American" foods and dessert available. The inside reminds me of a mall food court because of the style of seating and the approach to the ordering counter. The decor is fun to look around at; this place is a nice lunch spot on a casual day.Absolutely delicious, greasy and sinful!  I've been there three times already in a span of a week. Hot dogs, Italian beef are sure winners. The salad was pretty fresh too. The only suggestion/complaint I have is the sheer amount of garbage that is generated by eating there, Portillo's should take some leadership and start recycling!I am a self-proclaimed hot dot aficionado, and in my book, Portillo's takes the cake.  The perfectly cooked dog, the spices, the casing that gives a nice little snap when you bit into it...  My heart belongs to you.  No matter which way I try the hot dogs, I just sigh with sweet sweet relief at how tasty they are.  The fries are really good too.  I've tried a few other sandwiches here, but it's the hot dogs that keep me coming back.  When friends come to visit, I always try to take them here, and when they return, they actually ask to go back.!Frankly, I wasn't super impressed with Portillos. The place is HUGE and definitely offers a wide variety of meat products to satisfy just about every greasy craving a person could ever have. Prices are pretty cheap, too. Service was right on, especially the hilarious lady that has a short rhyme to match just about every order number she calls. So... my hot dog? Meh. I ordered the jumbo dog and it just really didn't send me. The bun was a bun, not a good roll. The cheese on the cheese fries was just processed dip. In all, a good place, but the food was a bit lackluster.i might have a problem with portillos....lately, i don't know, i just have been thinking about their cheese fries a lot, i guess, and i don't know, i don't know where these feelings come from!  get a chili dog, get a chicken sandwich, get an italian beef, no matter what there will be two things in common with all their dishes: 1) it will taste amazing; 2) it will be the messiest thing you'll ever eat, so much so that the concept of "going green" is completely lost when you're shuffling up to the condiment counter with greased fingers thinking that grabbing six napkins was probably overkill.  nope, it wasn't.  so, as my addiction has grown more intense, i decided to check the nutrition facts on line, find out just how nutritious this stuff is, you know?  turns out, it's so nutritious that portillos has never even bothered to publish their nutrition facts....Well what can I say, one of the best hot dogs and beefs in the city! YUM YUM YUM to the Cheese fries. I mean seriously were do they get it? Its the best damn cheese whiz I've ever had. Great thing about this place is if you feel like ribs, guess what they got them and there awesome. You want pasta, they got it, soups got it, salad got it, dessert got it! Defiantly one of the best damn fast food joints in this city. If you don't I'm sure other review will say the same. peace out!Unless you can make it to Hot Doug's, this is the best place to get a hot dog in chicago.I can literally say that I have never ordered something from this place that I didn't find absolutely delicious!!!  This location is a tourist spot, so they almost always have large crowds, but their efficiency in how they take and deliver orders makes for a great experience.If baked spaghetti (from adjoining Barnelli's) and a chocolate cake shake (from Portillo's) don't take you to heaven, you and I will never be friends.Having lived in Chicago for about 4 years, I still had never had an Italian Beef sandwich....enter Portillos.  I thought of beef sandwiches as "man food", but was convinced to try one of these sandwiches.  Laaaawd, this stuff is delicious!!  Top it with peppers and giardinera.  Is it good for you?  Abso-frickin-lutely not.  Is it so good you don't care?  Totally.  People seem to like the cheese fries, but I think they are terrible.  I'm from Michigan and they do cheese fries with real shredded cheddar.  I'll never be a fan of 'sports cheese', that melted nacho-y stuff.  Howevs, this place doesn't need anything other than that delicious, tender, paper thin sliced beef sandwich.  I'm tellin' ya, you have to try that sandwich.  Shoot, I'm getting off my computer and going there now.  I can't take all this talk about that deliciousness.  Bai-bai.I love Portillo's!  Some highlights from the menu - hot dog (of course), Italian beef dipped, chopped salad, cheese fries and the chocolate cake for dessert.Aside from the chopped salad, not the healthiest choice so I usually reserve my Portillo's trips for the occasional craving!The inside of this location is usually busy (and perpetually swamped with tourists) but it also has a drive through and is easy to walk to/carry out.  The drive through can be a bit hectic when it's busy but just listen to the employees and you'll be just fine.Also these employees work the long drive through lines rain or shine and always maintain the Portillo's atmosphere inside as well - kudos to them!Sigh. Everyone loves the Chicago style hotdog. Mine was ok. Just ok. Maybe it wasn't the right night, or maybe I should have ordered something else on the menu. I do love this space's ample seating -- a great place for larger groups.I love Portillo's. I can't give it 5 stars because personally I think Hot Doug's is better (only by a little bit). I had the regular Hot Dog and Char-Grilled Maxwell Street Style Polish. They're both delicious!!! The hot dogs here are definitely worth trying.Meatballs!!!I ate lunch at Portillo's while in Chicago and, I have to say, I'm not sure how I managed to continue with my day without face planting on the sidewalk in a food coma.  At the recommendation of the Chicagoan who had brought us there, I ordered the Italian beef, dipped, with mozzarella and sweet peppers.  I'm trying to think of a way to improve this sandwich, but making it 0 calories is the only thing I can come up with.  Portillo's is a spot you must try!Considering this place looks totally kitschy, I had my doubts.  What a pleasant surprise!  Service was friendly and efficient.  The hotdogs were freshly made, and all the toppings were just the right amount.  The cake shake was really yummy but the small was way too much for one person.  I wanted to go back to try other things but didn't get around to it.  Yes, I'm definitely a fan.My final lunch while on a business trip to Chicago and I was told to visit Portillo's which was a quick three blocks from where I was staying.  The restaurant had plenty of other foods to choose from, but I was told what to order the Italian beef sandwich with a touch of spicy peppers, fries, and a soft drink.  It was just the right amount of spice and the meat was cooked ever soo perfect.  The sandwich is a Great Chicago Favorite.  I am not from Chicago, but I will always remember Portillo's Restaurant.  It is a strong recommendation from me!  And as I understand, there is a Buena Park, CA Portillo's restaurant that I will have to try.if you are in Chicago, you HAVE to go. Chicago-style junk food at its best!Favorite order: Italian beef with sweet & hot peppers dipped and a side of fries. =)This place is awesome. I eat here every once in a while, and you can never go wrong. The people are great (expected... after all, it IS Chicago) and they even upgraded my shake for free. Portillo's in general is AWESOME! But this particular location is probably the best.Portillo's has a little bit of everything from the chicago style dog to their burgers.  Great prices and good service (oh, yeah - they're not too fond of getting their picture taken so you'll have to be sneaky)It's Portillo's.I could really just stop the review there for anyone that's been around Chicago long enough to frequent any of their locations. Their italian beef is easily my favorite in the city (and apparently the rest of the world since italian beef is a mainly-Chicago thing). Get it dipped and with hot peppers for an incredible piece of food.Their hot dogs are very good, the fries are always perfect (and cheese fries from here are great as well), many of my friends love their burgers because they actually taste char-grilled, but they aren't my favorite.The chocolate cake from here is incredible, and the chocolate cake shake has an actual piece of cake mixed into it.Really a staple of Chicago food, just make sure to get an italian beef if it's your first time trying the place.If I didn't know any better, I could SWEAR that the beef & cheddar croissant is laced with an addictive drug.  How else can I explain my ability to put TWO down at any given moment?  I contribute at least 50 lbs. of my overall weight to this place!Love it, meaty, flavorful, what's not to love. If you come to Chicago you have to try an italian beef sandwich, and what better place than Portillos. Fries are good too here. The main attraction for me, however, is the Italian beef sandwich, and oh is it worth the hype. The hotdogs are suppose to be rather good too, but haven't had a chance to try it out yet, next visit perhaps, but it'll be hard to pass up a chance at the italian beef sandwich on any given visit.Portillo's is a funny kind of place.  It's a Chicago hot dog shack reflected in a fun house mirror and blown up to gigantic size by a clown with a bicycle pump.  The food isn't bad, but it isn't that great.  It's what Walt Disney would have dreamed up if he had wanted Chicago red hots in southern California. And it serves as sort of a regional divide: for some reason,  if you grew up in the suburbs, Portillo's is the greatest.  If you're a native Chicagoan, it's an abomination.  I mean, come on, compare Portillo's to the Chicago hot dog pantheon: Murphy's, Byron's, Wrigleyville, Gold Coast, the late lamented Demon Dogs, Wiener's Circle, Wiener and Still Champion, Gene & Jude's, Fluky's, Wolfy's....Whew, the drive thru for this place is completely crazy. Downtown should not be a place for drive thru!! Despite that, Portillo's food is great. Chopped salad is my fave. (Try it with peas; it's to die for.)Why is all the good food in Chicago?  And why is it so damn cold in the winter, making me not want to live there?  I have never actually set foot in a Portillos restaurant, but I had the pleasure of trying this at a friend's superbowl party earlier this year.  My friend's husband had it shipped to the Bay Area for the game.  They sent italian beef, itailian bread, hot peppers, and the dipping sauce.  He dipped the meat in the warm sauce, toasted the bread, then added the beef to the bun.  Then, wait for it, wait for it...he dipped the whole sandwich into the warm sauce.  It was love at first bite.   I have since ordered it twice and everyone that's been lucky enough to wrap their lips around a sandwich loved it too.  I can't even image how good it is live and in person on Chi town.  Woa now!I grew up loving Portillo's and always will.  Even my late grandfather would come to visit and would ask when we're going to Portillo's... immediately after waking up.  I love it all, from their Hotdogs, to their cheese fries, to the beefs.  I cannot live without a milkshake and their Ravioli every few months.  The atmosphere is great, and I love how every Portillo's is decorated differently - each with a different era.  i love it!!!Between the music and the decor, I feel like I'm in Disneyland. The chopped salad came with sugary dressing, which Jeff didn't like, but I did. A fun place for lunch, but kinda cheesy.No matter how many times I cheat on Portillo's, in the end, I always come crawling back.  I'm ashamed to admit that when deciding on which college to attend, (UW-Madison or U of I), the fact that Madison would not have Portillo's within driving distance actually creeped into my sick, sick brain.  (Ultimately, I opted for UW-Madison). The chocolate cake shake is unreal - once you get over the fact that it seems like it was invented by some drunken genius (probably) that threw in the most delicious ingredients in the world (they are) into a blender, you will come back and thank me.YUM! The hot dogs are just the right size and can fill you up nicely (of course, don't forget the fries!). I like the drive-thru here a lot. You get a person taking your order (no need talking to a box) who works very efficiently to get you moving. They are also very patient, which is a huge plus for indecisive eaters like me. If you're downtown looking for quick and affordable food that isn't from McDonalds, cross the street and head to Portillo's. You won't be disappointed.This place is a total meat-fest, and I mean that in the nicest and most delicious way.  I got the Portillo's hot dog which was loaded with onions, mustard, hot peppers, and a pickle...and I mean a whole pickle spear slapped right on top of the hot dog.  Why hadn't I thought of that?  A friend had the hot dog AND the Italian beef, which looked absolutely mouth watering.  I followed my hot dog with a large schooner of Blue Moon and was a very happy girl.  If you are not in the mood for meat, you can apparently order salads, which the 2 women sitting across from us had done.  But why would you want to?Thank god the food here was not as lame as the overly hyped up pizza places.  I loved this place.  I got a Maxwell St. Polish, a Italian beef with hot giardiniera, and a cheese fry.The Maxwell was the best I have ever had.  So tasty.  The mustard was different than your usual mustard.  Usually, prepared mustard has way too much vinegar in it.  Not the case here.  It was fabulous.  The bun was nice and squishy from being steamed and had poppy seeds all over it.  And they topped that with a delicious sausage and sauteed onions.  A+The Italian beef was also delicious.  Very tender.  The giardiniera dressed it up a bit.  It was not quite as juicy as I had hoped though, but still delicious.The fries were standard crinkle cuts.  Hot and fresh though.  The cheese sauce was out of a can, and I wish I had just went for ketchup.  It was served on the side though, so I did not get stuck eating much of it.This place is actually worth a visit, unlike Giordano's and Lou Malnati's.This was stop two of our hot dog tour of Chicago. Best chocolate cake ever!!!! Very good jumbo dog, but the dog itself needs more snap. Pickle was good, light onions, good quantity tomato.The one downside was a slightly mushy bun. I got the Italian sausage for wifey and she said the sausage itself was good, but I mistakenly chose hot instead of sweet peppers. Well that was all she wrote on that. Whoops! I got really gluttonous and ordered the krinkle-cut fries. Again there was amazing radioactive-yellow cheese to dip on the side. The fries themselves were perfectly crispy. An added bonus was root beer from the soda machine, always better than from the bottle/can. I left stuffed and although this is a chain, it was one of the better Chicago dogs I've had.So addicting! Came here for the Chicago dog and beef sandwich (regular and the one with sausage stuffed in it). I even took one home, but make sure you ask for the sauce on the side or else your sandwich will be soggy after an hour or so! I'm glad to know that they have a store in orange county too!I wasn't religious before this, but I might be now.  Having separate lines for separate cuisines is a little weird, but no problem if all you want is Italian beef and a hot dog, which can conveniently be ordered from the same counter for less than $9.  Absolutely delectable.  I cannot WAIT to go back.Everyone knows Portillos is the greatest.  THE BEST HOTDOGS, THE BEST bacon cheeseburgers, and most of all please try their chocolate CAKE!  I promise you won't regret it!  I never leave Portillos without ordering the cake.  :)  The ribs at Barnelli's is also worth trying.  Do not let your out of town guests leave Chicago without stopping at this fine establishment.Great chopped salad, great food.I'm slobbering on my keyboard because I'm going through withdrawals. Without a doubt best beefs & hotdogs in Chicago. I'm not even going to continue. The best there is and the best there ever will be.(from kai) Not exactly what you'd expect for our first review of our experience in Chicago since there is a Portillo's in Buena Park, CA! But, I wanted a Chicago style dog, and the location was just perfect in regards to my hotel; and I'd never eaten a hot dog at the Buena Park location since I try to be vegetarian when I'm not on vacation:)Anyway, this location is not the ORIGINAL Portillo's as store number one is out in the 'burbs (or so I've heard). The service was great and the hotdog was outstanding. Overall, since it's kind of a generic chain, I was going to give it 3 stars, but the best part was the ladies handing out the orders, they were hilarious! They had these cute/contrived rhymes for each number, like "54 you're out the door" or "57 you're in heaven", stuff like that. But they said it with the greatest of abandon; the fact that Portillo's staffs their dining room in order to have these ppl for pure entertainment value earned them the extra star.I love Portillo's, well actually I love Barnelli's, same difference. The chopped salad on the Barnelli's side is my absolute favorite. My guy really enjoys the Portillo's side. It works out well for us.our party of 7 was not dissapointed. The portions are huge, well-greased and tasty.   Our vegetarian friend noted his sanwich seemed to be lettuce scooped up in a hot dog roll, 'nuff said. This location is huge so expect lots of ppl or visit during off peak hours like we did.There is nothing better or more I can say about one of my favorite places in the entire world.I've been to Portillo's 3 times this week! Order the Italian Beef - Hot (which is actually more mild than hot, and tastes way better than the sweet). Absolutely delicious. Be prepared to use both of your hands to eat... You'll be licking your fingers and palms when you're done!As opposed to other reviews on here, I think the drive thru is extremely efficient, considering the line stretches out to the street.  Expect to wait around 10-15 minutes. Try the Chili-dog, as the chili is not overly drenched in oil and the ingredients taste fresh.  I dont think you can necessarily go wrong with anything on this menu.You can make a better hot dog yourself and not pay $2.50 for it. I'm surprised that this place is so popular. pooey! Nothing special.Delicious, great service for a fast food joint.oh man the food is so so good.  the service is what sucks - and there for gets lower stars.there are many things i consider a favorite here is my list:hot dog - hold the onionsbeef and cheddarchopped saladtamale - weird thing you think, but so so good they taste just like tom tomchocolate cakeThe service can be spotty.  ALWAYS CHECK YOUR TOGO ORDERS.  I have never ever had a togo order that has been right...ever  - salad no dressing, ribs - no sour cream for potato, forgot the cheese when ordered cheese fries.  I have called and complained and been told that my account was going to be credited, I'd get a return check, even given a ticket number.... nothing ever happened - total was of my time.the location by my house and office is tourist central and there is often a long wait.  it's a good place to bring out of towners, my friends and family really enjoy it.I LOVED this place. Very touristy, very fun. Hot dogs were amazing. Atmosphere was fun and busy. But the highlight for me without a doubt was the chocolate cake shake. Wow. I loved it. I want one right now. I ordered a small and it was all i could handle, but I'm always willing to try again.Fantastic dogs, large amounts of beer, chocolate cake shake.Solid hotdogs, so-so shakes. Definitely a tourist trap but still quick and funI used to visit Portillo's often during my high school days.  I can't believe that's 10 years ago.  I used to love it then.  I still like the place, but my recent visit did not leave me with "oh my god i love it" impression.I quickly stopped by to grab a hotdog and a shake.  The hotdog was good.  No complaints.  The shake was too sweet.  Should've ordered something else.  I have no clue why I loved it so much back in the days.This place is great! Fast and FRIENDLY service with lots of choices to be had.We had the Italian beef and it was dipped - super yummy! The regular Chicago dog was on par with the other good ones in the area. This place has awesome decor. Loved it!I typically avoid blogging about fast food restaurants, but this is a Chicago great!  Portillo's is more of a gourmet fast food joint that makes incredible food for a great cost.  I describe their food as "Like the Commercial!"  Whatever you see on TV, like fast food burgers looking amazing, this place actually lives up to those images.  They make incredible burgers, italian beef, and of course the Chicago Style Hot Dog.  Also, I find them to be one of the most efficiently run in terms of ordering.  They walk to the huge line to take orders or down the drive-thru line to also take orders.  A great concept that needs to be adopted elsewhere.  Try it out for a not-so-fast-food style fast food placeHad a four day convention in Chicago.  Company credit card getting the numbers worn off.  We did Ruth's Chris for steak, Shaw's for crab, Lou Malnati's for pizza, and they were all fantastic.  However, my best meal was the Chicago Hot Dog and Italian Beef Sandwich at Portillo's.  Simply the best.  Holy Cow!!  They have 2 in southern Cal.?  I'm so there.Sorry Dad, this place just didn't live up to the hype that you created. First off, the building is huge and ridiculously decorated. It was like a food court/museum with odd mannequins scattered around staring at me while I was eating my food. One was even on a swing floating from the ceiling. Not cool and just plain weird. As for the food, it was good, but not great. My dad insisted that I get the Italian beef so I did. It was fine, but maybe I should've ordered extra gravy as it wasn't THAT good. On the other hand I washed it down with the Chocolate Cake Shake. It tastes exactly like chocolate cake in a shake and was damn good. Since I was a little disappointed with the italian beef i went back to the counter and ordered a hot dog with everything. Now that's where its at. Just a simple hot dog piled high with the perfect amount of onions, relish, tomatoes, mustard and a great pickle...First timer review here. Awesome place! really unique setting for a hotdog place. I mean who makes a big deal out of a hotdog joint? Portillo's apparently does.Again, I may be biased but Portillo's served up the best Chicago dog I had all weekend. An attempt was made to visit Hot Doug's, but the line was way too long. Maybe I don't know what i'm missing but I have to say I was very happy with the food @ Portillo's. The hot dogs were fresh & tasty, and the french fries and onion rings were perfectly crisp. The service was very efficient and the restaurant is very interesting. I just wish i'd tried their chocolate cake shake...maybe next time.A hot dog it is yes.  Quite of a bit of toppings yes.  But that's about it, nothing special.  A contraption I could have created at costco for $1.50 with a drink included.  The Italian Beef, felt like a french dip as it was soaked with beef juice.  It would have been a little better had it had something other than meat and bread.I'll give Portillo's credit for the value.  But I didn't think that there was anything special about the hot dogs.  The tomatoes were anemic and they didn't put enough onions on it.  The hot dog did have that "snap" when you bit in to it but no "oh wow" moment.  I also thought that the atmosphere lacked charm.  It was kind of a TGIFriday's meets Mc Donalds.Brak's 2009 culinary gutbomb tour continued in Chicago this past weekend.  On the agenda: hot dogs, and Italian beef sandwiches.  Chicago-style deep dish pizza?  Naah, I can do without it - I prefer mine NY style.  But I digress.Saturday afternoon we hit Portillo's, specifically to sample the Italian beef.  Zombie Girl chickened out and walked over to a different station and ordered pasta.  Brak, however, went for the gusto and ordered up an Italian beef sandwich with cheddar fries.  I opted for the "regular" sized sandwich, fearing that the "large" might be of gargantuan proportions.  As I suspected, the regular size was quite large and more than enough.  How was it?  Excellent.  Tender, wet & messy beef, nice french roll, and tasty onions & peppers.  The fries were good, though I passed on the cheese sauce for the most part (supplied in a separate container rather than drowning in it, thankfully).  The joint is huge, and is well laid out, with several different stations from which to order/retrieve your meal, depending on what you're having, and tons of tables.  I'll definitely come back again, and probably try a dog next time around.  A solid 4-star experience, not quite earning a 5th star, because my socks remained in place.The Italian beef lived up to its reputation. Definitely get it with the hot peppers. It was so good that we went back twice during our visit to Chicago. The place can get very hectic and crazy at around lunchtime. After you order, you have to wait near the pickup counter to hear your number. They don't call out the numbers in order. It's whatever number they assigned you when you ordered. Will definitely be back here for some Italian beef if I'm ever back in Chicago.Look, I don't like hot-dogs so take my review for what its worth.  I came here as a last resort for other plans that fell through and was underwhelmed by the food.  It's ordered food court style and tastes the same.  It's definitely a cheap alternative to a night out if you like hot dogs and don't feel like waiting too long for a sit down meal.Yum. Polish sausage. Ordering can be hectic. Remember, you are here for the beef (or pork), not the service.First meal in Chicago had to be a Chicago style hot dog and I was not disappointed.  I don't even really like hot dogs but this was one good dog.  Went back here several times during the trip.  Tried the Italian beef whcich was amazing.  Price was fair.  I would recommend this place.I don't think there's anything here that I have eaten that I did not like.  It's got to be one of the best fast food joints in the city.  It just feels more like a hearty meal and just a comfy spot.  In the summer they have out door seating as well.  The cheese burgers and fries are great, and it seems less greasy than other spots.  My favorite thing is on the Barnelli's side, which is the chopped salad.  The Italian beef, the Penne Al Arriabbata, and the Baked Mostaccioli are also very delicious.  If you have room, you should definitely fit in the chocolate cake.  The price is right, and there's plenty of seating here.  The employees are friendly and entertaining at times.  Get that one guy on the microphone and he's got rhymes for all the numbered orders he calls up!Good food, great service! They herd you through and a person comes to your window to take an order (drive thru). We told the sweet lady we were new - she then yells to the other order takers 'LEAVE THEM ALONE!' 'GIVE THEM TIME!' 'ON TO THE NEXT - THEY NEED TIME'. It was great! She then came back to our window and patiently answered our questions took our order and got our food for us.  It was very good and we liked it enough to go back one more time. :)  Thanks for the great experience!We were in town for the weekend and started off visiting SuperDawg Drive In.   knew DH loved his Chicago dog experience and I wanted something to compare SuperDawg to so we went to Portillos for lunch. Their dog was closer to what I expected a Chicago dog to look like. And the bun was less soggy, for sure. The relish was standard, not the bright neon green. The fries were average and nothing to be excited about. We decided to have the full Chicago experience we needed to try an Italian beef sandwich. I am not a fan of sauce or anything soggy so there was no way I could get mine dipped. Man, was this a great sandwich!! So glad I tried it. The place was fun and it was obvious that the locals love it (we saw many police officers on lunch break). Overall: 4/5You can never go wrong at Portillo's. I haven't tried anything from here that I didn't like. I recommend the warm chicken caesar salad, it's DELICIOUS!Can't go wrong with the jumbo hot dog..good value, bread falls apart a little too easy..Italian beef sandwich was juicy and had a little kick..good with Cheddar cheese if your living right..bread gets soggy though..would def go back..great value and open late fun place and also good serviceWe ordered one Chicago style hot dog and honestly, we were not too impressed. I suppose if you were in the mood for a Chicago dog, this will do it, but I can make this at home. A hot dog with a slice of pickle, tomato, and onions... Meh. Nothing too impressive.Italian beef with peppers, chocolate cake shake, and cheese fries. Need I elaborate? My first visit to Chicago definitely did not disappoint with Portillo's. I didn't try a hot dog, but the Italian beef definitely left me wanting more. The beef was juicy yet not overly fatty. The chocolate cake shake tasted exactly like you were eating a chocolate cake, except even better because it had ice cream. Lastly, the cheese fries completed the meal for me. I could have died and gone to heaven right there. Easy on the wallet and great service make Portillo's a weekly must if I lived in Chicago. The only problem with that is I would also be 200 pounds overweight.Loved my first trip to Portillo's.  The interior has a fancy food court feel with several counters to order food at and checked table cloths.  Food ranges from hot dogs to pasta and salads to desserts and beers.  I ordered a chili cheese dog and a side of fries.  Both were really good.  The hot dog had a nice bite and chili was just spicy enough.  And the fries were crinkly and crunch and perfect.  and both were so inexpensive!  Even for Chicago.  The staff was really friendly too.  Either my meal had gotten lost in the back or someone had swiped it..but when the manager saw this he made me up a new meal in less than a minute.  Excellent service.  Next time I'm in town for work I'm stopping by for lunch again.i came here because i needed to get a chicago dog before i left chicago.. and hot dougs was closed... i gotta say... the chicago dog was damn tasty.. i also got an italian beef sandwich dipped.. it was a soggy mess.. but pretty damn tasty... this place is definitely worth a visit..Really good for a budget meal in Chicago! Such variety. Everyone in our group enjoyed their food. I loved the decor, it was amazing to see some things saved and displayed from Chicago's past. I wish Detroit had a place even remotely like this.The atmosphere of Portillo's is a little weird - looks like a food court. Their hot dog is not as good as their competition but the chocolate cake shake is delicious. I wouldn't come back for the hot dogs but definitely would for the shake.I'm not a big fan of the Chicago style hot dog in general,  but I've tried them here and they're pretty good. Other than that, I've ordered pasta and the Italian beef sandwiches, and both have always been good. Once I ordered the Italian beef and sausage combo, and man, that thing was greasy. Good greasy, perhaps. It was too massive of a sandwich for me to finish, but good nonetheless.The Chicago dog  (mustard, no ketchup, peppers, tomato, dill pickle, tomato, and celery salt) is a must have. Unless you have a death wish, don't put ketchup on your hot dog. It's considered an insult in Chicago and you may get your ass kicked! Try the chocolate cake milk shake if you dare.  My other friends had a chopped salad (huge-- share it!), Italian sandwich, ribs, and fries!  Pre-pack gas-x if you're smart.Would never have gone in here if it was not recommended. Went in for lunch and had the Italian beef sandwich with sweet peppers and simply amazing. Not sure how they do it, but wow.Mediocre lasagna but at least they serve generous goblets of nice beer!I picked up from here for my daughter and I after running some errands. She had the chicken tenders which were ok. I have been to Portillo's many times, but hadn't had the Italian Beef in a long time. It was amazing. As good as I have had anywhere.Italian Beef dipped bun, oh how you make me so happy. I know there are so many beef places but hands down this is my favorite because it is full of favor and not as greasy as the others. They also have the best cheese fries, chocolate cake milkshake, and if I want to be healthy the chopped salad.Tried the yelp recommended beef dog, cheese fries, and chocolate cake shake. Beef dog was just a regular hot dog. The fries are fat and crispy and come with a side of nacho cheese to dip it in. Good but nothing too special. The chocolate cake shake was pretty good. It really tastes like you are drinking chocolate cake. The restaurant has a nice fun atmosphere. Wanted to try Hot Doug's but this was the next best alternative in town.This place is NASTY! I was expected a delicious Chicago hot dog since I came from Texas but I can buy my own FRANK hotdogs for the same quality as this place. I wouldn't waste my time here.Sofa King Good!  Italian beef combo or regular, cheese fries, hot dogs...it's all good.  Not for the diet conscious or recovering heart attack victims.  But a must try if you are in Chicago!In town for a friend's wedding it was highly recommended to us to check out Portillos. I ordered a {HOT DOG} sans mustard (I know, I know...) and got some of the {FRIES} a pretty tasty dog if I say so myself. I would like to try lots of their other items, but only had a weekend!Italian beefs are made by the peppers, and it's insane to me that these cost extra anywhere. The Italian beef is cheaper than Al's and the difference in quality is only slight. That said, extra au jus is needed here, though it's nice being able to douse the sucker with the amount that you want. It's a hell of a fun place to sit down and eat, unlike Al's, so it's got another point there. I think, if you're comparing the two, it's about what you're in the mood for. Cheaper and better atmosphere, go here.So much has already been said, but I needed to do a shout out for one of my favorite Chicago eateries.  And guess what, tourists may flock here but it is not a touristy place.  This is a local chain that is loved by its peeps because it serves the quintessential Windy City staples.   The food is super fresh, well prepared and oh so tasty.  Thanks for satisfying my craving for Italian Beef and crinkle cut fries!eat hereLove their variety in foods. Obviously they are famous for their hot dogs, but they also serve salads, ribs, desserts. As a tourist, I found it an awesome place to eat the famous CHI-DOGS specially when you have other selections. We order fries as well and they are the BOMB!   They also have a drive-thru, how cool is that! Will come her again!We stupidly went here after the huge downtown lights parade and it was mobbed. I standing in a fairly long line outside on a Saturday night and was shocked when the security guard said it would be 5 minutes. He was right!  Once inside the speed things along with an incredible amount of helpful staff to guide you through the process.  Know what you want before you step up to order and marvel at the efficiency.For family of four (including two teen boys) we got 4 hot dogs (comes with jalapeños, relish, pickle, tomato, onion), 2 beef sandwiches (like a bland Philly cheesesteak, I would suggest cheese and salt, plus some hot peppers), one large fries, one large onion rings (should have gotten 2 of each), 3 shakes and a chocolate cake slice.  All for $40!!I'm not an ice cream person but the boys liked the shakes. The cake shake is indeed a milkshake blended with a piece of cake, which as someone else mentioned, tastes like frosting.  The cake on its own is adequate, canned frosting.  The hot dogs were great.Cheap food, fun atmosphere and fast!!Italian beef with sweet or hot peppers...yum!  Their maxwell street sausages and hot dogs are good too.   Friends enjoyed the fries with cheese sauce.  Overall reasonably priced, good, basic  food.Greatest Hotdogs and steaks sandwiches. (This coming from a Non-native of the CHI)OK I didn't order the Hot Dogs and maybe I should have. But the cheeseburger was slightly above average but still tasty and the fries were regular fries and the onion rings were also on the regular side. All in the middle.The hot dog wasn't that great but the beef sandwiches are really good.Pooor tillo's! What's all the hype about? Since we moved here in November we've been told we needed to check out Portillo's. We've witnessed the massive amount of cars wrapped around the building in order to get in the drive thru and the masses on the patio. We had a buddy in town and decided this would be the weekend to give it a shot. I think the boys ordered every type of dog on the menu - quite a smorgasbord. The presentation was absolutely atrocious! No, we don't expect it on a silver platter, but we do expect to be able to tell what the hell we ordered. We've tried the dogs at Hot Doug's and Superdawg. Each of us have enjoyed various factors about each, but when ordering a dog to eat in; it's always been presented in the state we expected it. A hot dog well dressed and perfectly placed inside it's paper boat. That's what we expect and that's what we like to see. The dog's were sloppily wrapped in a thin paper sleeve and then shoved into a paper bag. It was a total mess! Once we deciphered whom ordered what we had to sample each. Spare me! Are you serious, after wading through this slopp this is what I am tasting. A total let down. The dog was a disappointment and the toppings were that much worse. I wouldn't recommend this on my worst enemy. The dogs were waaay over cooked: overall it was just down right dreadful!Hot Doug's might have the absolute best polish I've every had, but you can't beat Portillo's for the classic Chicago dog. Space is huge, service is friendly, and the food is consistent. Plus, I LOVE the school cafeteria crinkle-cut fries. This is one of those places that reminds me why I love Chicago.I wanna say that if I were to go back to Chicago for a visit, I'll probably hit this place up for the Chicago style hot dog. I'm still thinking about the first few bites. I love my hot dogs with everything in it! Pickles, mustard, relish, yum!! They also have other choices, like the Chicago's famous Italian sandwich and burgers which we didn't try and is probably not Portillo's? Anyway, if you're looking for a Chicago style hot dog in the Northern Loop, which to us was only about a 1 mile walk from our hotel, go here! It's definitely worth the walk!Chicago dog.  Hello.  I love you.  Fast service, super cool interior and frickin awesome food.  I got the chicago dog and some cheese fries.  I was actually sad when all my food was gone.  They will get my business again if I ever make it back to chicago.Portillo's has great variety and delicious Chicago Dogs. I really enjoyed this particular location due to the very interesting historical memrobilia and decor. Food was just as it has been everytime I visit any location.Not so bad if you're hitting the drive-through but the interior is like one huge loud McDonald's complete with tourists and trash everywhere.One of my most-missed favs from Chicago! Hot dogs are awesome... I love getting some of that gross melted cheese on the side and dipping my fries and hot dog in it. Oh, and the beef and cheddar croissant? Yummy.. chopped salad? Yummy.. lots of great options, well priced, nice/clean for fast food. Drive through can get REALLY busy at lunch, you have been warned.so, me and my sis are in chicago, watching the dodgers play the cubs at wrigley.  real cool.  anywho, we went here for lunch after arriving in town and before the game.we ordered a jumbo hot dog, big beef sandwich, fries with cheese sauce, and chocolate malts.  the hot dog was decent and the fries with cheese sauce was typical fast food.  but man, the beef sandwich and chocolate malt were the shizit.  the thinly-sliced meat was extremely tender, juicy, and moist.  i added sport peppers, spicy peppers, and mozzarella.  totally yummy.  our shakes were thick, rich, and filled with malt flavor.  sooo good.i enjoyed eating at portillo's.  decent prices, good service (the lady serving the orders was hilarious), and tasty food.  we're only here for a couple of days and there aren't enough meals to fit this place in again.  but i'm really tempted.....This place rocks my socks.  I love the Chicago hot dogs and the chili cheese dog was awesome.  I didn't get to try the Italian beef sandwich, but it's definitely on my list for my next visit.  Great place for groups.  There's plenty of seating, and it's easy to rearrange tables if need be.This place is probably the best definition of a Chicago-style hot dog I can show someone who was visiting from out of town. Get it with everything and you'll literally get everything, from onions to beef to jalapeno peppers! It was a ritual for me and my friends to go here once a week, and just have a blast hanging out. Great crinkle fries are even better with cheese... There are lots of tourists in that area, but it is actually the only place I don't mind. Tourists should visit this place! Last time I visited, the lady calling orders was singing rhymes. She was so fun to listen to!Cute, kitschy place w/ ample 2 story seating. Disappointed they didn't have veggie dogs, but got some fries.We love, love, love Portillos. While I realize that it is not the most authentic Chicago hot dog experience, its delicious and convenient and sometimes that's all you want in a hot dog, especially when you're on vacation. Tonight was our first experience with using the drive-thru and it actually works really well, this is truly a well-oiled machine. This time my husband and I ordered a chili cheese hot dog, two Maxwell street polishes with sauteed onions and mustard, and a wet Italian beef with mozzarella and hot peppers. There was a small snafu with the registers so everyone was delayed for a few minutes but the staff was very professional about the situation and it was fixed promptly. This is on our list of "must eats" when we come to Chicago.Have I not completed a review for this place yet? I've been here several times on each trip to Chicago. The most delicious, meaty, loaded dog for under $5? Yes, please! Makes for a great lunch, dinner, snack- whatever you would like. I recommend the polish! Come here for lunch instead of the overpriced McDonald's across the street, you won't regret it. That poppyseed bun is amazing.Italian beef sandwich was good! Would have been better if I had gotten the sausage with it!!I cannot wait to go back to Chicago to have another Chicago dog and Italian beef sandwich. The meat on the sandwich was oh so tender and flavorful. If someone from Portillos is reading this, I have only one message: Please, please, PLEASE come to San Diego, CA!Inexpensive for the area and quick.  I mean, who doesn't love a good hot dog?Classic Chicago (even though there are 9 million of them in the 'burbs).  The dogs are good, the fries are great, and I'm partial to another Chicago classic, the Italian beef.  It's also easy on the pocket books, assuming you don't tip the drive thru guys like I do.Great place to get your fix of greasy vittles. Open, gigantic, crazy looking set-up. A good mix of professionals, relaxers, and even teenagers. Need to go back!Chicago Dog and Italian beef a must if your in chicago! Dont try the other places first. Start (and end) with the best. Even the fries are awesomeI love me some portillos. I worked at a portillo's style place when in college at ISU, and never once became tired of the menu. The biggest problem with going there is deciding what to eat - the chili dog? the beef (dipped and with cheese, of course)? I tend to over-order and go for the self-made sampler style - hardly a good choice for either the wallet or the waistline.Great Italian beef sandwiches, never disappoints.This place has the best ribs. Yes, the best! Now granted I went there on St. Patty's day after 6 hours of boozing but the meat just fell off the bone. You didn't even have to get your hands dirty! Compared to Twin Anchors, I would say portillo's has better ribs and sides, cheaper prices, and about a tie in atmosphere since neither really has any.Great service, lots of seating, great food. NO PARKING. This is a great place for a quick meal with the kids and their parents. The food is clean, the selection will please everyone and the service is fast. They have a take out drive thru, too.Yay Portillos! Came here for my bday which was so much fun. Nothing beats hanging out with friends eating delicious hot dogs and drinking beer. I'm embarrased to say I had two of their jumbo hot dogs but hey, it was my birthday and sometimes a girl just needs two delicious hot dogs. And for $2.50 you can't beat it.Was in Chicago for meetings and needed a hot dog fix.  It doesn't get much better than this!YUM.  Chicago-style hotdogs are the best!  I had never had one, and now I know what really goes on a hotdog.  Pickles, hot peppers, relish... mmmm.  And great prices, too!now this is what i'm talking about!  great food at an incredible price!we got here after we walked to xoco and realized that it was closed on a sunday.  oops but as bob ross once said, " we don't make mistakes only happy accidents."our friend was raving about portillo's all weekend and once we saw the menu and ate the food we saw why.  a chicago hot dog for $2.45???  wow!the hot dog was incredible.  great bun, relish, pickle and peppers.  awesome combo and the dog itself was juicy.  i split the dipped roast beef sandwich and this was roast beef heaven.  must be tried to be believed!we also tried the chocolate cake shake (which was more expensive than the hot dog) and it was darn good too.  i recently heard that there is a portillo's in anaheim so i'll definitely stop by next time in socal.  but if you're in the greater chicago area, run to portillo's!Still my favorite place in town for Italian beef and sausage combo. The meat is superb which isn't always the case. Long opening hours which means if like me you wanted your Italian combo fix for breakfast you can.First Portillo's experience here. Had Italian beef with cheddar + sweet peppers. Yum. Can't complain!I love me some hot dogs and I love me some Portillos . Get the fries too!Mmmm!  I feel like I tasted the essense of Chicago at Portillo's.  I kept it simple and ordered the polish sausage.  It had a crispy crust around it, but wasn't too burnt, and oh man was it flavorful!  The boy ordered the italian beef sandwich with hot peppers and veggies, which required about 10 napkins to eat because it was so messy and juicy and delicious (shouldn't all food be that good!)  We spent the rest of our time in Chicago trying to find more time to come back.It was alright. Nothing spectacular, but not bad either. The wait wasn't so troublesome and there was plenty of seating. The price for a hot dog that wasn't very flavorful was a buzzkill too.Touristy, yes, but when the food is good? Who cares! Lots of great decor representing Chicago.  We had the Italian Beef, Chicago dogs and cheese fries.  Ok, I did start with a salad because I wanted the chocolate cake and those two cancel each other out, right? Italian beef was dripping with deliciousness - hubby ordered it and I had a bite.  Or two.  Community property, right? The cheese fries were damn good - hot, crispy, salty fries AND dunk in a cheesey wonderland!  After the fries were gone, I swiped the cheese container to dip my Chicago dog in - ahhhh!!!  The chocolate cake was moist and lived up to the hype.  Perfect ending to a GREAT lunch!!Italian Beef here was good and better tasting than the other place I tried while in Chicago. With a side of cheese fries.Loved it!!Typically a tourist hotspot, but locals swing by for lunch pretty frequently as well.  You can't go wrong getting the classics (ie chicago style hot dogs, beef sandwich) from here.  There are better places for each individual item, but they are all worth trying still.  This place is especially good for bigger parties or picky eaters. It's also cheap to boot.I've been all around America & without a doubt Portillo's has the best dog ever!!!! The atmospehere is old 30's prohibition gangster style & is perfect for this side of Chicago. I can't say enough good things about this place!Pulled into the drive-thru to order a few hot dogs and chili dogs. The staff took forever to get the simple order right. Food wasn't bad, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come here again.You can not go wrong if you order an Italian Beef Sandwich with sweet peppers just be prepared to put yourself in a food coma and ready for a napCurrently craving for their chopped salad. Please open one in SD and bring the sweet, auction-like lady with!when you first walk in, its a little confusing as there are 3 large counters to place your orders. but once you get situated, its pretty amazing. of course i got the big beef, which was the classic italian beef sandwiches, more than a foot long. it was really flavorful and juicy, but it does get a little messy. also got the cheese fries, amazing as well. can't wait for my next trip to chicago to go back here! i didn't try the hot dogs, but it looked good as well.I love eating at this place - it has something for everyone! But there's one bit of advice I have -- avoid the drive-thru!! It is always jam-packed and the wait is long. And both times I have been through there, they have messed up my order. To really enjoy this place, you must go inside and enjoy their delicious food!I got the Chicago dog which wasn't amazing, but still tasty. However, 4 stars for the photos of celebrities visiting Portillo's!I have to say that Portillo's has the best beef in the city. I have never had a bad meal at a Portillo's either. The combos, hot dogs, polish, fires are all good. I even had a salad here once and that was even good. Don't even get me started on the chocolate cake. I can't pass a Portillos without pulling in and grabbing something.A trip to Chicago is never complete without a true Chicago style hot dog.    Whenever i'm in town, whether it be business or personal, I always go out of my way to try and grab a Chicago dog at Portillo's.    It's quick, tasty,  fun and cheap!   My only regret is i come to Chicago so seldom it's tough to eat my way through the whole menu!Yummmmm Italian beef was DELICIOUS with hot peppers.Just had a chargrilled chicken croissant...YUM!! Cant believe I've been eating the breaded when I could have been eating this, WAY better!I just had the hot dog, and it was my first Chicago hot dog experience, but I didn't think it was too great. I mean, it came with all of the things typical of a Chicago style hot dog, but Husband got to go to Hot Doug's, and I saw pictures of that.  This just didn't compare.  I just remembered though a friend suggested this place for the Italian beef, not the hot dogs, so my fault. The fries were probably the best thing. Service was fast and prompt though.Hear ye' Hear ye'.  I got fat here off 3 hot dogs and 1 Tiramisu.  This place is awesome, and I could literally live here and eat breakfast, lunch and dinner without ever eating anything twice.So good, and great prices.  Love the interior - they have a vintage car & underwear hanging (as decor).  Don't worry, it's a family-friendly joint.  :-)Portillo's makes a solid Chicago-style dog with lots of flavor.  My question is, if you're in Chicago, why are you going to the tourist trap spot?  Save Portillo's for when you're stuck in the 'burbs and enjoy all the treats of Chicago proper - Hot Doug's, Superdawg, Gold Coast Dogs, Wiener's Circle, Jimmy's Red Hots, Wolfy's....I love a chicago hot dog just as much as the next girl - but portillos is just okay in my book. IMO they are lacking in flavor and character. My friend's italian beef did look pretty delicious, so maybe I'm just ordering the wrong thing. I suppose they should get extra points for having a drive through, but on the downside I'm pretty sure it encourages driving under the influence. Who doesn't want to satisfy the munchies with fries and a dog?Jumbo hot dog, sport peppers on the side, small fries and a bottled water is what I get there.  The dogs are fantastic.  They also have great italian beef there.  The place is spacious and right in the heart of Chicago.  Look outside and you'll see the Rock and Roll Mccy D's where Eagle Eye, the movie, had a scene at.  Portillos is a staple of Chicago food and you have to eat there to be considered a real Chicagoan!Portillos has an amazing local concoction called the Italian beef sandwich which you do not find in other (non-Illinois) cities. Get one of these amazing, drippy things "dipped" in italian beef juice, order some of their amazing fries (best french fries I've ever tasted) and throw caution to the wind. I've never even tried the hot dog, cause there's no way it can be as fabulous as the beef sandwich. Portillos is a Chicago treasure. Barnellis chopped salad is also sublime.Just got back from Chi City and I had to review this place first. Got two Hot Dogs with everything on it and was on point as usual. Within walking distance of the Rock N Roll McDonalds. The food is amazing at Portillos either it be the Hot Dogs or Italian Beef. Al's who?Affordable, delicious, Chicago-style hot dogs.  This place is quirky decor and tons of seating.  I can't wait to go to Chicago again to try everything else they have to offer, espeically their Italian beef.Best dogs I've had in the city, but their fries are average. Italian beef is good, but not as good as Al's.Yes, you can get a better beef.  Yes, you can get a better polish (okay, maybe not).   Yes, you can get a better dog.  But seriously, can you find all of the above, and then some, under one roof?  Give a toast to the tourists and the lunch crowd.  The stuff is GOOD.  And you know it.Stopped in here for a quick bite... Shared an italian beef sandwich with sweet and hot peppers. Mmm, good! Ask for it dipped so it has some extra flava!Chocolate cake shake was good and sure does taste like chocolate cake.  Italian beef was ok but nothing special.  Jumbo hot dog was also ok. Not a big fan of hot dog with pickle.  And their Maxwell was pretty good.Hot Dogs and Italian Beef are all I've had here. Excellent. Honestly not a fan of Chicago style hot dogs, looks like a salad with a hot dog on the side, but I really like their chili cheese dogs here. Also Italian beef is excellent, but I would ask for the dip on the side... gets a bit soggy otherwise.First time in Chicago and wanted to eat a real Chicago dog.  It wasn't as easy as I thought!  Went to Wrigley's field and they gave me this sorry excuse of a hot dog and then was looking around for some street vendors to no avail!  When I thought I would never get to eat one, we stumbled across Portillo's and it was AWESOME.  LOVE the piles of veggies and the pickle!  My only regret is that I didn't get TWO hot dogs!  Didn't try their other food, but I can attest that the hot dogs are amazing and the ambiance of the restaurant was laid back.  Decor was pretty cool.  Looked like I was in a crazy Disneyland theme park with better food.  =).  If visiting Chicago, I highly recommend it!I really wanted to love this hot dog..im a huge fan of pickles and peppers so when i heard that chicago style dogs use that as toppings i was happy to try it out...the hot dog meat in itself is just okay~ i think Nathan's hot dogs have way more flavor and the hot dog snaps! The toppings on the chicago style dogs are good but its not great. Im more in love with my ghetto club dogs in LA. but what i do love...is the italian meat sandwich with cheese and both peppers. SO GOOD! this i can see myself going back for. I also love the cheese fries but i wish the fries was served on a plate with the cheese drizzled on top..like nachoes...but I dont mind dipping...that cheese sauce is heaven!Great Chicago Style dog. The local brews were good. The polish style street dog was fantastic. best place for a chicago style dogItalian beef ftw.  The ordering process is easy, they make the cokes for you (so don't ask for a coke if you want a diet coke and are expecting to get it yourself like at most places), and the Italian Beef was amazing.  The regular size one is plenty for me (200 lb male who likes to eat).Don't know what the big deal is about this joint. It's a Theme Park style burger place. Tacky, dark, OK burgers, fries out of a bag... It is cheap and maybe that's why there were so many kids and teenagers. The beer was the best part. Not that they brew it, but they serve it in great cold, heavy, mugs. The Chicago Half Acre is absolutely delicious. If you're in the downtown area and and looking for a quick cheap meal then sure it feels (that might be the only difference here) better than right across the street, in McDonald's. But to fair, for what it is, it's worthy of 3 stars.OMG this sandwich shames the Philly Cheese steak!  It's just so succulent and tender...I like places that do their staple really, really well.  I've heard that everything else on the menu is good, too!  Whoopi!  I'll never come back to Chicago without stopping by Portillos!Portillo's Hot Dogs is soo worth 5 stars!  The food is always consistently delis!  Customer service is good too.  You don't have to wait a long time for your food and its always hot!! This place is soooo worth the visit and good to bring others.Wow!!! Where have you been my whole life!?!?!?! I asked the tour guide of the Chicago Architecture Tour, a local Chicago'an, where to go to get some solid Chicago-style hot dogs.  I was thinking he would send me to some corner stand who grills onions and pop's 'em on a hot dog (like the stands they have in front of the aquarium), but apparently, this was a better spot... .and damn, did he hit it right on the head.  When you walk in, it looks like a HUGE empty warehouse, and it looks like 2-different restaurants. My friend got the chilli dog, and I got the Italian Beef Sandwich... and DAAMMMNNNN!! Talk about melting in your mouth... thought only chocolate could do that, but was definitely proven wrong! This thing was definitely phenomenal! Gotta go back!!oh yeahz. italian beef IN MY BELLY! First time I ate Portillos, I got the italian beef with mozzarella and hot peppers dipped. Second time, I got italian beef and sausage combo with cheddar, hot peppers, and dipped! Totally the way to go!!!! drooool. I'm hungry again. =(Their chili dog was nothing special, but their fries were delicious and their italian beef sandwich was bangin. Talk about crankin out some food, this place is turnin and burnin so don't be alarmed if there seems to be a thousand people waiting.One of the best places for Italian Beef. They by far, hands down, for sure, have the best Italian Sausage.Their Italian Beef is definitely a top 3 for me. They also have the best giardinara. The price has gone up since I was a kid but they definitely turn out a consistent and delicious product. Portillo's is definitely the best suburban import to the city. They also kick Al's Beef's ass any day of the week.had lunch here once and a late night drunk meal the another time.  this place is great.  italian beef sandwich, hotdogs, goblet beer, and frozen custard. loved them all! no complaints whatsoever.beware. sometimes the lines get real long! i was lucky enough to miss it both times.I have tried both the hot dog and the Italian beef sandwich, and both are excellent. I would suggest trying the Italian beef sandwich with provolone cheese and hot peppers. You must be in the mood for this type of food, because it is fairly heavy, but I challenge anyone to find a better beef sandwich in Chicago. As a side note, I just returned from a trip to "the Inland Empire" in California and I found out that they actually have a Portillo's located near Hemet CA. I cannot attest to the quality of this however, because I was too busy eating In-N-Out Burger.Had the Italian beef and it was great..There's really nothing I can say that hasn't been said before. This place is solid for hot dogs and Italian beef.  The service is quick and the prices are fair.  I think this location is much better than Old Orchard.  Whenever I'm looking for greasy Chicago food, this is the go to place.Portillo's, nuff saidHow can you not love Italian Beef ?!??! I loved it and will go back everytime I go to Chicago!I LOVE Portillos! I think I have an addiction to the italian beef sandwiches. Everything is made to order, everything is consistent. I've been several times, can't go wrong. Though I hear a lot of people say its 'touristy', its definitely a a staple in the city. A 'MUST' to check out if you are in Chicago.Love the food!!!As always when I go to Portillo's the food is great, probably the best burger and hot dog in the city.But... I recently found out that they deliver, I was very excited to find this out because that means I didn't have to take public transportation to have their amazing food. So I ordered my food for delivery, and was a little disappointed because the delivery fee was a little high. After waiting longer than I should have to receive my food, I tipped the delivery driver and started eating the burger. After taking one bite into my bacon cheeseburger (which was great) I went for some of my cheese fries. I noticed that the fries were very soggy and cold, which was a huge disappointment!So after paying the high delivery fee and waiting WAY to long, I get cold/soggy fries. After this experience I have decided to never order Portillo's for delivery again, if I did it would ruin Portillo's forever! The next time I want a great burger, fries, or hot dog I will force myself to go into the restaurant instead of getting it delivered. I would definitely recommend this place to my friends, but only if they went there themselves!meh. i prefer a good philly cheesesteak to their italian beef sandwiches.  Huge place.After a long day of walking down the Magnificent Mile. I worked an appetite and stopped at Portillo's and ordered the Chicago Hot Dog. It was "delish".  After having this hot dog, I can not look at another hot dog the same way!  There will never be another.I love Portillo's, although it is a chain. The Chicago style dog is the best I have had so far, their fries are WONDERFUL, especially with cheese sauce and it is CHEAP and FUN!!!!Portillo's is great.  Best hot dogs in the city.  The service is fast paced and there is a lot of yelling and it's worth it.  The chili cheese dogs are so yummy and the fries are great because they give you a large portion.Portillo's has great hot dogs and probably the best onion rings I have ever tasted. The best thing about Portillo's, suprisingly, is their chocolate cake!!!! You have to try it. Its so rich and chocolately, it just melts in your mouth.A great hot dog place.  Nothing else quite like it in atmosphere.  It can get really busy, but they have all sorts of different kinds of food, all of which are good.  A great place to take people from out of townAwesome. After living in San Francisco for several years, and hearing Californians rave about how sublime In N'Out burger was, I couldn't wait to get back to the burgers at Portillo's and have the real deal. Californians (and the rest of the country for that matter) have no idea what they're missing out on when it comes to the unhealthy goodness of Chicago street food. You can get burgers, hot dogs, and even chicken sandwiches anywhere else in the country, but Chicago puts its own spin on all of them. Everything here is great. Some of the best Italian beef in the city--it even comes slapped on a croissant with melted cheese and peppers. Lovin' the cholesterol.The hot dogs are overrated.  The dog was boiled in water and then there are a lot of toppings.  Apparently the signature of Chicago dogs are loads of toppings.  Not a big fan...I don't know what it is about their cheeseburgers..but i constantly crave them...they are really really good...the fries are addicting too..I never understood it....why would people be attacted to this place? Because it's great food, cheap, and fast. Great for a date, hanging out with friends, or a drunk stumble home from Faddo. They serve some of the best dogs in the city, and the italian beef is no joke.Mmmm.  Super unhealthy hotdogs coupled with cheese fries and a shake that's called the Chocolate Cake Shake.  What better way to clog my arteries and obtain my winter insulation? You keep me warm when it's frigid and I love you for that, Portillos.i think whoever is responsible for portillo's takeout operation should go into urban planning and fix chicago's traffic problems. they do take out right, for sure. that in itself is a big star for me, but the food is their focus!their italian beef is above par with al's and mr. beef, the burgers are great, the hot dog is a hot dog, i mean, hard to screw it up, BUT the chopped salad is one of the best salads around (for non meat eaters just order it w.o the bacon and chicken)  i'm a fan for life. the fries are not as well done as i'd like them sometimes, but after chowing down allthe other goodness, i can forgive them, though i'm subtracting one star. and if you have a sweet jones, their shakes/malts are thick and tasty, and their cake is as good as any bakery's.Portillo's serves its purpose:  A convenient, fast, decent location for "Chicago" foods - hot dogs and Italian beef sandwiches.  The hot dogs and the Italian beef sandwiches aren't the best in the city - far from it - but they are good and they aren't outrageously priced.  Plus, the counter service is remarkably efficient.  You can easily get in and out of Portillo's in a half hour or less.  As a final bonus you can get a "schooner" of decent beer for 3.75 plus tax.A solid choice in the neighborhood. I can feel my arteries clogging as we speak, and surprisingly, that's a good thing. I love the Italian beefs in this town, and this is a good startThis place is absolutely awesome for lunch or dinner, dine-in or carry-out, healthy or horrible. I always bring out-of-towners here because it's quick, inexpensive and variety can't be beat. My personal fave are the chili dogs! Mmmmmmmm.Heard about this place A LOT even before I set foot in Chicago--and it wasn't a disappointment.  Love the Italian beef with mozz and sweet peppers, dipped (whole bread dipped in au jus!!!), as well as the cheese fries.  However, I haven't been here a single time without them messing up my order one way or another (not dipped, no peppers, no fries, no cheese, etc.), but happily, their food is so delicious that even a messed-up order is a good order.  And they're happy to give you the peppers or whatever they missed--just make sure you tell them before you leave.Ok I've only had the chocolate cake shake from here but its AMAZING! In case you decide to get one for yourself its not on the menu. But I swear its real and its wonderful.Too many reviews here, so I'll make it succinct: Order the Italian beef, cheese fries and chocolate cake. Erupt in lipid-induced ecstasy. Repeat as necessary, whether you're a tourist or native.Portillo's is a Chicago staple with the hands-down best hot dogs in the world.  My favorite is the classic all beef hot dog, served with everything.  Barnelli's baked mostaccioli is also superb.  Portillo's does not skim on the pasta - or the cheese.  Delicious!My buddy Brian is the Italian beef champion.  He takes me to all over the town known as The Wild Onion to find the best Italian Beef at Portillo's.  We always eat a large Italian beef dipped in au jus with melted mozzarella and sweet peppers inside a homemade hoagie role.  Sometimes, the best part of a sandwich is all in the bread.  This hoagie roll is like a sponge.  It is strong enough to hold all of the juices, meats, and veggies until it meets my bicuspids.  We soothe our throats with a chocolate cake shake.  Delicious!  The sandwich melts in my mouth and is a greasy fantasy that turns real each time I go there.Was it good?  Yes.  Was it special?  No.  Was "jumbo" jumbo?  Not at all.  Would I come back?  Sure, my entire meal was about six bucks but I'm disappointed that I'm now left wondering what the diff b/t a Chicago hot dog and a regular hot dog is...I've only had their burger, and I would have to say it was tasty.  Of course, if I were planning on having a burger, it would def be at K***'s.  This one was spur of the moment, because I was sick.  Per my bro, the best time to indulge yourself in a greasy, high-calorie, fast food frenzy is when you are sick.  So there I was, feeling the bad juju coming upon me.  And well, Portillo's came to my rescue!  He came and helped kick the cold to the curb.  Why pay all this money for multivitamins?  Just save your money, and have a Portillo's burger when you are feeling under the weather....I'm not a huge hot dog person but I trust my family and they said the hot dogs here were amazing.  I did try a few fries and they were crispy and delicious.  We ate upstairs and there was plenty of seating.  Overall it was a good experience!Was visiting Chicago from Boston with a bunch of friends and decided to try out Portillo's based on some Yelp research takes to Ryanne B. and we all loved it. The place has great atmosphere and the best place for awesome hot dogs and quick food. The chili cheese dog is off the hook! And is the best I've ever had (I have yet to find something to top it in Beantown)! Our hotel was in the nearby area, so during our stay we ended up going to this place three times. Next time I'm in Chicago, this will definately be my first food stop in a heartbeat for the friendly atmosphere, fast service, and awesome food.I moved from Chicago almost 2 years ago and I miss Portillo's!  Their fries are always perfect and they never taste old or cold.  The Chopped Salad is so good I wanna swim in it.  Their hot dogs are the best!  I have been to new york and had gray's Papaya, been to LA and had Pinks, been to New Orleans and had a lucky Dog and Portillo's beats them all!  I am not a fan of Italian beef but their's with cheddar on a croissant is awesome!  Their ribs are even worth mentioning because they are tender and fall off the bone.  Even the pastas are good.Every time I'm in Chicago, I have to make at least one trip to Portillo's.  The dilemma is what to eat.  A hot dog, a tamale or the Italian beef.  All are excellent.  Though I've never ventured beyond these three, friends highly enjoy the salads, cheese fries and chocolate cake as well.  It's loud, it's fun, it's good and it's Chicago.The Italian Beef with hot peppers is addictingly good. That chocolate cake shake is very decadent, but very sweet. You are better off sharing it with another person unless you want a massive sugar high.Great hot dog!  Exactly the type of Chicago-style dog I was looking for!  The pizza was unimpressive to say the least...OK - my husband was in the mood for a great Chicago dog - I on the other hand was craving a burger. I had read other reviews and many really gave their burgers rave reviews but I have to admit I am not a fan. It was just OK. The outside of the burger was a little burnt ... I should have had a dog - which by the way my husband thoroughly enjoyed. Nice locations - fun atmosphere - next time I know what to order.The best hot dogs, period, stuffed with all the fixin's.  Tastes great with cheese fries, and a schooner of Sam Adams is only $5.  Service is fast and with a smile.  I love the decor at this location, made to look like an old Little Italy that you'd see in the 1940's.This is actually my favorite place to get a hotdog. My first experience eating at Portillo's was in Buena Park when we were on our way to Disneyland. I really enjoyed my hotdog here, so when we went to Chicago, I HAD to eat here to compare against all the other places in Chicago that are known for their hotdogs The other places were good but I still like Portillo's the best. I heard about some places in NYC that are supposed to be better but sadly, I have not had the chance to travel to NYC. Until then, I will continue to stop by Portillo's whenever I am in the LA area to get my hotdog fix. I also like that they have sandwiches, salads, and such for the people who are forced to come eat with me here & are not hotdog lovers like I am.Get the BEEF-N-CHEDDAR CROISSANT! Hands down the best thing on the menu in my opinion. It might sound like it would be small but trust me it is filling. Get here early if you don't want a wait, because this place gets busy. Wish they had a location in Vegas.I had a delicious polish sausage dog here.  It was chargrilled with onions and mustard.  Very good.  The fries were average.  Place gets pretty busy, but it is a large building.  Has an upstairs even.  They have a cool decor- sort of an outside city feel.  A good example of a Chicago hot dog."I've had better hot dogs from Sonic," were the first words out of my sister's mouth after biting into her chili dog.  She was right.  The dogs were very rubbery.  I think we just ordered the wrong thing because the sandwiches looked fabulous.  I did have to try to redeem our meal by ordering the chocolate cake shake.  It was completely delicious.  The atmosphere was nice with friendly, happy staff.  Try something besides the hot dog and you should be fine.There is nothing bad to say about Portillo's besides there isn't enough in Chicago. There is one in fact. This one. And it is delicious. I have had Al's, but not Mr Beef, and all shades of other fast food stands and restaurants in the area and Portillo's has the best italian beef. I love it. Also amazing cheese fries and the burgers are good too. If I lived closer I would be here more often. Every time I see a run down fast food place out of business I pray a portillo's takes it's spot.JUST got back from picking up some onion rings and chocolate cake (cravings oh yes). Not more than 10 min ago I witnessed the boys in the back handling french fries and onion rings WITHOUT GLOVES.  Literally, taking the container of rings putting their hand over it then putting it into the bag.  I was floored! I asked them to give me a new batch with gloved hands and did I get some attitude back.  Portillo's loves to showcase how you can see the food being made in front of you unlike other establishments BUT this is not what customers want to see!!  I spoke to a manager(?) and hopefully they clear this up, I will be walking by in the next few days just to scope it out.The 2 lane drive thru is a lil crazy, so just ask them for a paper menu... cheese fries are awesome, as are the hot dogs, burgers, & chopped salad. Make sure you check your drive thru bag though, because last time they forgot my chocolate cake :( Can't wait to go back and try more of their menu!Italian beef was decent. Hot dog was no better than a Nathans... chili cheese dog was so mushy and soggy it was impossible to eat.  Not worth it IMO...Thanks to Yelp for the recommendation! Portillo's was exceptionally good with a cool settings. The restaurant can be reached from the magnificent miles and is across from Hard Rock Cafe and the rocknroll McDonald!I love the Italian beef 'wet'!!!!Quick, cheap, outdoor seating. Besides these factors, hotdog was plain, nothing remarkable, chocolate cake shake is way too sweet and thick. Recommend getting beer to add flavor to meals here.I was recommended by a local to go here for fast food. Despite it being a hot dog store, I was told to get the italian beef with sweet and hot peppers then dip it in au jus. I personally think that it was great. Since it is dipped in au jus, the bread is soaked and soggy. It was a good quick bite that is all over the city.Visiting my friend who lives in Chi -- had my first Chi dog here and it was delish!  The sport peppers gave it the perfect amount of spice, and the onion rings were much better than most counter restaurants -- I know she'll def be back!The Combo (Italian Beef and Italian Sausage) with both sweet and hot peppers is one of the best sandwiches that I've EVER eaten!  We have neighbors who hail from the Chicago area and had the pleasure of joining them on a weekend trip to the Windy City.  When I asked their young son what was his favorite thing in Chicago he replied "Portillo's!".Just when I thought I had hit Heaven with the Combo, they put a piece of chocolate cake in front of me......Nirvana!  This cake is light and fluffy and one of the most delicious desserts I've ever eaten.I HIGHLY recommend Portillo's if you're ever in the Chicago area, you can find them everywhere (they are only outnumbered by Dunkin' Doughnuts!).Italian beef Sandwich with sweet and hot peppers, absolutely divine!  i also tried the choclate cake shake as the other yelpers advised...delicious !!! It has the tiniest bits of cake in it...mmm. love the ambience in Portillo's as well.I heart the Italian Beef. OH SO YUMMY!  We drive from Wicker Park to the drive thru and back home because its awesome and I have not found any place else that makes it as well.Love it! So much variety of food and they are all sooooo good.  Chilli dogs and chocolate cake milk shake.  Chocolate cake milk shake is surprisingly not too sweet.  For all you soggy cereal lovers... this milk shake is for you!!Our tour guide highly recommended Portillo's for the hotdogs and the Italian beef sandwich.The restaurant was busy, yet service was quick. We had a hotdog and the beef sandwich with a small fries.The hotdog was not out of this world. There was no hint of celery seed, the bun was some what plain, toppings were fresh.The beef sandwich was well worth it. Good taste, juicy, yet not dripping down your arm. A very good sandwich .The fries were ok, borderline boring.Chicago staple.People just love this place.  And so do I.  It's kind of like a several restaurants happily living in one large space.  Feel like pizza or pasta?  Maybe ribs are calling your name?  How about a big, juicy burger?  They have it all and then some.  Great salads and a killer chocolate cake.  And there are lots of fun things to look at in the restaurant along with some rockin' music to keep you amused.  Reasonable prices and a pleasant, upbeat staff.  A good time for your whole gang!Good selection of toppings on the hot dog.  I think you can even share a hot dog between two people if you're not really hungry.This place is probably awesome if you doing heavy drinking, but when in chicago you have to stop by here and order a polish dog. They are greasy and hot, it was good. The interior gives decor is a page out of the early 20th century in some back alley enclave. The Cheese i got with my fries was bland but you cant really ask Melted Cheddar to bring out the flavors of your potato. I recommend if you in the area.There is nothing like a big sloppy WET cheesy beef with sweet peppers.  Nothing at all.Walked here pretty buzzed and had two hot dogs and fries with cheddar sauce. All were very good, but then again, a late night dog after drinking is always good! I wish I had a chance to revisit. Maybe next time....Service was fast, food was good, fries were tasty. I have no complaints and its a great value for a big city!Awesome dogs.  Chicago style as if it needs to be clarified.  Second best dogs in town behind Superdawg on the north side.  Clearly the best dogs downtown.Some good beefsThe Italian beef and sausage were amazing! They were both flavorful and juicy, and come with tons of grease soaking through the wax paper wrapping...Stopped by here with a lovely friend of mine for a late night 'dog and chat. What can I say? While it may be a tourist trap, it's also pretty consistently good dogs and cheap!! $5 for 2 hot dogs? near north? My only gripe, is that their fries are pretty clearly standard frozen crinkles. But who is really hoping for authenticity or freshness while slurrily ordering a hotdog at midnight?To be quite honest, I really did not know how well-known "Portillos" was until after I left.  Otherwise, I would have gotten a hot dog.  Still, my burger was good, my fries were good and my chocolate cake...  was good.  I really like the cafeteria, old-style Chicago setup inside.  Cool place, even though it seems a little touristy.A true Chicago success story. It's amazing how complicated of an operation this place is and the food is still damn good. No wonder Midwesterners are so god damn fat. haha.Well this Hot Dog place is the real deal.  Holy smokes, this is THE place for Chicago style hot dogs and so many other tasty treats, but I just have to clearly state for the record, VISIT PORTILLOS!The hot dogs are delicious and the malts are even better. The downside it the place feels like a theme park food court and was confusing to place an order at for all five of the people in my group.The cake shake was one of THE yummiest things that has passed thru these lips and will end up on my hips!my first chicago hot dog.;)Even though Portillo's is considered fast food of chicago, i still think that their hot dogs are very tasty ...simple & flavorful.p.s. cheese fries are a must.i always bring guests here from out of town, they've got to try an italian beef while they're in the city, and portillo's is the perfect stop while you're downtown.they're fries are pretty good too, they're crinkle cut, and always crispy, and never too salty, which is saying a lot. they have good customer service here too, i've never had anyone here be rude to me and they usually are not only nice, but have something humorous to say.we got italian beef, chicago dog, cheese fries, chocolate cake. all delicious. my friend wasn't sure about getting her beef dipped, and they were more than happy to put some gravy on the side for her.I'm from California and live in LA so maybe my best hot dog experience is Pink's. This ain't no Pinks. But, their dogs are good and if I ever get the opportunity to visit Chicago again I will definitely go there.Im a sucker for a good hot dog. Go for their famous dog. So good i went back for round 2. Quick and easy, so I cant complain! For a "famous place" i think it held up.Amazingly good hot dog here today. I had the grilled Italian sausage with sweet peppers. Is difficult to judge as better than anything else in the area. I have yet to eat 'anything' in Chicago restaurants that was not 'best of' class. New York and Chicago places I have been to eat are sensational, every single one to date. Portillo's is another 'best of'.I ordered the Italian Beef Sandwich. Tasty but holy crap there was so much grease that my table looked like I was in the middle of a paper mache project because of all the napkins. Eating it is mentally exhausting as you have to anticipate the trajectory of the grease as it drips down your arms after every bite. It was good, but not something I'd order again. If I go back, I'll try the hot dogs instead.This is a good place to have a stereotypical chicago hot dog (no ketchup!) and yea. That's about it. I should try the other things on the menu, but a hot dog is a hot dog is a hot dog.not a fan of hotdogs but this place was ok.  should come and check it out just for the sake of visiting chicago and the prime spots... also to check out what a chicago hotdog looks /taste like. also, there is some confusion when you walk in to order... there is someone that is usually there directing walk in customers as to how to order. apparently there are different businesses inside and everything is a bit chaotic if you do not see a host to guide you.  also, the ribs were pretty good.  it's nice to take photos of the interior designs, etc.I love portillos. I don't like the loop location. The employees don't seem to care about questions you have and management are even less involved then the employees are.Portillo's is great. Their Italian beef sandwich and hot dog are delicious. Everything else is pretty good. It's too bad that this is the only Portillo's in Chicago.Everything was OK, but not amazing.  Our group ordered custard, chocolate cake shake, beef sandwich, hot dog, chopped salad.  From other people's reviews, I expected more from each of these items, but they were just decent. It was worth eating at just for the "chicago experience," but I probably wouldn't return in the future.Hands down the best hot dogs in town!!!!!!!Yum is all I can say! The Italian beef is awesome and so are the fries. The chopped salad is another winner! =D Portillo's is definietly a tourist spot, but it also suits the late night cravings!after a failed attempt to try some deep dish pizza at giordanos on our first night in Chicago, we stumbled our way to portillos for some Chicago dogs. ordering was confusing at first as it resembled more of a food court than a restaurant. the boy got the chicago hot dog and i got the polish sausage. the polish sausage was rather tasty and the chicago dog was good. i guess i should have tried the dog before the sausage, but i still preferred my sausage over the dog. 3 1/2 starsThe hot dogs & sundaes are delicious, the fries are good, the grilled chicken sandwich is average.  All in all a decent place.i am a hot dog fan. so whenever i go to different states, i try their hot dogs.  Chicago dogs = 100% beef hot dog (steamed), two tomato wedges, sport peppers, dill pickle spear, fresh-sliced onion, poppy seed bun, neon green sweet pickle relish, and yellow mustardyou'll need two of these to fill you up because the portions aren't that big!it was delightful, but i still choose costco hot dogs over this....strangely!Kitschy beyond belief, yet for some reason, I can't help myself. Upon entering, one is immediately bombarded with Chicago of yesteryear and mannequins of old-timey gangsters. It baffles me that Portillo's isn't just good, the food is GREAT. The Italian beef sandwich is my go-to, since Chicago dogs are easily done elsewhere. The beef is tender and juicy, and make sure not to forget the peppers. The chocolate cake is to die for, literally. It's rich. The secret ingredient is mayonnaise. If you don't care, try the cake shake. Also to die for.Great sandwiches, all the reviews are right! Affordable and yummy! It was extremely stuffy inside and pretty chilly outside so it was hard to get comfortable. Great food though!The Portillo's building emits delicious aromas from yards away. There is a wide variety of savory eats for all taste buds.  The food is very reasonably priced and the service is quiet efficient. Ample and open seating in a tastefully decorated backdrop.Beef & Cheddar croissant sandwich! Cheese fries & the chocolate cake shake with real chunks of chocolate cake. So bomb.Classic Chicago hot dog done right.  Vienna beef with all the right toppings and no ketchup please.  Fries are pretty bomb as well.  Any true Chicagoan will love it.Portillo's to me is part of Chicago... I know that many will argue that there are many other great places to eat in Chicago, and there are, but the combo (Italian Beef and a Hot Italian Sausage) with hot peppers at Portillo's is always part of my visit and my feet seem to take me (via rental car or train) to one of the locations ASAP (the downtown one is my fav).  The long lines and the quasi-food court space add to the flavor.  Figure out what you want... order like a native and they will quickly write the order on a white bag (everything is to go) or people will look at you funny.  Messy for sure, but worth it!Just ok. Chicago dog and cheese fries $5.50. They just gave me a cup of nacho cheese on the side. Nothing special at all. However,there are several food stands with lots of unhealthy food and drink options. Great stop for tourists, which is exactly what I was this trip.Another MUST TRY when visiting Chicago. I had been here before and definitely enjoy the food here. The quality of the hot dog was good! The poppy seed bun was unique. The fries were good. We came here to snack after a long day touring the city and I really enjoyed the repeat visit.The announcer was very entertaining and funny! She was loud, proud, and funny! Brought to light to announcing numbers and orders for pick up. Oh yeah, you can't ask for ketchup!!! You don't want the response! Chicagoians know why!I was in Chicago for only 4 days but I had Portillo's twice. The regular dog and the jumbo dog are both really good. The fries with cheese dip is really good too. By far, the best hot dogs I've ever had!The Portillo dogs were good, but nothing just crazy delicious. I would say that it was how I expected, but nothing extra.I hate this place for the traffic congestion on Clark,  But I love the food, It is not health food, but it is tasty.  The chocolate shakes here are big , cheap, and delicious, Probably the best combination for price and deliciosity for a chocolcate shake that I have found , It is a pain to order here thoguh,  I usually pull up to the loading zone out front on Ontario and walk in instead of going through the gauntlet that is their drive thru insanityI found this place mild and podantic. I was confused by the multiple themes in restaurant. I wasn't sure if I was in communist era Italy or o hare airport. Skip this and go to the bean and just don't eatJust as I had imagined. A hot dog shop that was set up like an assembly line moving people in and out quickly and efficiently - I loved it. The hot dogs were dressed in classic Chicago style. We sat outside so we could people watch. Overall a very good lunch spot and inexpensive too. Only $2.50 for a hot dog!Great for an evening hot dog!  Got in and outta there in no more than 10-15 minutes. I ordered a sausage sandwich it was pretty good. Maybe a little dry. But when I got my order the guy goes "what you didnt get a hot dog?" so I respond uhh no ...he grabs one and throws it in.  Probably someone elses order that they had an extra but that was still really friendly of the guy. I tell you sitting in my room eating that thing was great soaking up food and very tasty.Granted, I've never actually eaten here... but, every year at Thanksgiving my best friend brings chocolate cake from Portillos and it is the best!  So, I guess all those stars are for the chocolate cake.I love this place. I always get the Hot Italian beef, onion rings, and a cup of cheese and yes a diet coke.  it is wonderful. This place is very straight forward, and has plenty of seating even on busy days. Theres some thing for every one. When I go with friends, we are never in same line, some go top the barnellis(salad/pasta) side I stick to the portillos side.A classic Chicago tourist spot.  Be sure to have a itialian beef with cheese and sweet peppersThis was the first place my friend took me when I moved to Chicago, and it set the pretty high. They have absolutely anything you can imagine: pizza, hot dogs, UNREAL apple pie, burgers, salads, pasta, anything. It is just the epitome of what is great about the discount dining scene in Chicago, I can't give it any higher praise than that...This place is a bit of a zoo, but if you're in Chicago you have to have an Italian Beef Sandwich and their offering did not disappoint.  I ordered it with hot peppers and it was so juicy, spicy and delicious that I had to come back for a second visit the last day of my trip just to try the combo (Italian Beef/Sausage) sandwich which was even better.   Couple that with an ice cold beer and it made for a perfect send off back to CA.I'm a huge fan of the hot dog and was very excited to visit Portillos for my first Chicago dog ever.  I was a little disappointed.  The hot dog wasn't as flavorful as I think it should have been and the poppy seeds on the bun were almost nonexistent.  The chocolate cake though, that totally lives up to the hype and you should buy 10 slices.Greasy spoon with a unique ambience.A bit reminiscent of those I've experienced in Philly wth re: food--good ajd greasy.  Had the polish sausage, fies and onion rings.It's very noisy and set up like a food court with lots of neon.   Never experienced it before....I was told ths is a bit of a lcal hangout.It has super good HOT DOGS and FRIES. The decor inside is cool as well. I don't know how local-y this place is but if you're visiting Chicago you should definitely stop by and get yourself a hot dog for sure!Great burgers. Great hotdogs. Great Italian beef. Great shakes. The best fries I have ever had. Eat here, you won't regret it.Not bad for. Simple dog. Thought it'll be bigger. ;)I ate here last year while on vacation since it was a name that came up when I was researching food to eat. The Italian beef sandwich was so tasty we ate here 3 times.  This year we decided to go to New Orleans with a side trip to Chicago before heading home. The main reason for the side trip, Italian beef.  One of the best sandwiches I've had.  I recommend going with it wet (or dipped, messier but so yummy) and with hot peppers.  We're doing our own food wars this week with a few other famous beef places. Portillos has set the bar very high.  We're using a 10 point system.  My other half gave a 10 and I gave a 9.5 mainly because Poritllos was 1st and I wanted to leave a little room for a competitor to rank higher.Worth the drive to downtown. Although the need to widen the drive thru. Their workers were friendly.Love, Love, Love this place!  The hot dogs are amazing!  This is truly a Chicago style hot dog at its finest.  They are a little on the small side so I recommend two wieners so you can get the full experience of a Chicago style dog.    For those of you who aren't a dog kind of person, check out the salads and ribs as they are also very tasting.  The atmosphere is cafeteria like but yet with cool decor. Always packed, always crowded no matter what time of day I've gone, so expect to wait a few minutes at the counter for that mouth watering dog.I had the Italian beef - it was good but a bit too soggy for my liking.  I think I had a bad experience cos I've heard good things about Portillo's but would have to try it againI ate Portillo's when i wasn't that hungry, so I didn't really have a big appetite. So, the Italian Beef with the sweet peppers wasn't as great as I thought it'd be. It was good but nothing amazing.. so I'm gonna have to come back. But, the chilli was amazing! You can taste the onions and cheese in the chili, which makes it so much more delicious than any other chilli I've tasted!No veggie dogs here, my encased tofu loving friends.   I had the minestrone soup, though, which was FRIGGIN good--spicy with big chunks of carrots. This place has primo peep watching, and listening, including a pimping ring tone blaring from a stall in the ladies room.Chopped salad-check. hamburger and fries with cheese sauce-check. Hot dog chi-town style-check. Italian beef sandwich-check. Chocolate shake-check. Enough said-check.Thanks to Chicago yelpers, we were here for a snack.We were there at 3 PM, so there was only a 3 minutes line.We had the Chicago hot dog with everything--not impressed. I still prefer a NYC "dirty water gray dog" with mustard, onions and sauerkraut. The hot dog did have a snap.We also had the combo beef with grilled sausage with sweet pepper,dipped. This was ok.How can you go wrong with Portillo's. It is one of Chicago's most well known hot dog places, and their other menu items are great.GOD I love portillos the foood the theme the people everything!!!! so much to choose from man 7 bucks for hamburger special! actually taste like real meat not like other fast food resturants..i actually feel like the workers put their soul in their pattys! hahahah 5 stars Dick Portillo(owner)  u rocked this one!Not sure why Portillo's doesn't have a five star rating. I've eaten at this location on several occasions and never had a problem. The dogs, burgers, italian beefs, and cheese fries are excellent. Not sure what more you could want from a fast food place.Had the combo Italian sausage and Italian Beef Sandwich....totally awesome.  Cheese fries to boot.....but the the truely amazing thing was the frozen custard!Good food at a fair price.I had the sausage and beef combo.  It was wrapped in three layers of paper, and when I unwrapped it, I know why as it was juicy and drippy.  The bun was saturated with juices.  Was so good to eat.My girl had the pasta and ate it up.  My boy had a hot dog with the fries and loved it.There is a ton of memorabilia on the walls.Fun for all for this tourist and his family.One of the best sandwich places I've ever been! The italian beef sub is way beyond delicious. I was very hungry the day I went but it was no doubt wonderful food. If I ever go to Chicago again I'll definitely go back there!Possibly the best chili cheese dog I've had.  We stopped in on our way from one of the bars to a house party.  I appreciated that there were enough toppings that I could taste them, but the whole bun wasn't a soggy mess.  Two girlfriends ordered the Italian beef, which was tasty, but not so much my thing.The maxwell polish sausage is for you if you think that hot dogs taste boring. It is nicely caramelized, even the ends!  It is topped with grilled onions and regular mustard. I think it would be even better if there were more onions and dijon mustard and if they used reusable cups.Had to experience a real Chicago dog and an Italian Beef sandwich on our first visit to Chicago. Portillo's had the most love from fellow Yelpers (whom are kindly guiding us along our cross country culinary tour of America from West Coast to the East Coast!) The Chicago dog was surprisingly amazing! All the fixins took this foodie to another level! The Italian beef sandwich was AWESOME too! The line was clean and food was fast, I am definitely a fan and would go back again in a heartbeat!I was visiting from Atlanta and went here as a recommendation by a co-worker. He told me this place was a "Like no other experience". I must say he was correct!First, walking into this place it is like a cafeteria setting but with so many different options of food. Wow! I decided on getting the Italian beef. Usually when you here something talked about so much, you are usually let down from the build up. However, from the first bite into it, just WOW!!!Sandwich was so good (peppers/cheese) make you wanna slap your mama (duck mama!). Fries were good, small on portion though. And it the Italian beef wasn't enough, I topped that off with a Chocolate Cake shake.........that is the best shake of any kind that I had in my life. Don't know when the next time I'll get to go/visit Chicago, but when I do, I will definitely be back here!Great food, have had Italian Beef, Hot Dogs and Fries. Italian Beef is very good, Hot Dogs are the best in Chicago and the fries are good as well. Great clean stores and good people. Try them..This is my favorite sandwich place when I'm in Chicago.   I always order the italian beef easy and on the peppers. Must eat it asap or it gets kinda soggy.although I go to the drivethrough at this location and the weather may be freezing one day and 100 degree's the next, The staff is ALWAYS friendlly and patient even if you do not know what you want before you get in line. They are pretty fast and accomidating if you forgot to add something to your order.Soooooo......I feel like such a follower by jumping on this band wagon but this place is good.  Like others, I also stopped by after hearing how good their burgers are.  I ordered a cheese burger with a ton of toppings, the cheese fries and a lemonade.  It was a ton of food for one person, but well worth the guilt!Delicious!Awesome hot dogs and great atmosphere!Price is right, food is good and the atmosphere is fun. Went with friends. This place is kid friendly.Great atmosphere.  Tasty dogs and more.  A bit tourist-y but the place to feed your dog cravings.  This is the first place our family ate in Chicago when we moved here and we've been back a few times.  Go have a delicious lunch.Consistently good Beef, Sausages, and Chi-style Dogs.  Not necessarily the best but a steady and reliable standby.  You gotta love it!Great spot for Chicago hot dogs!  Clean, fast, and cheap!   About $3 for a dog with the works.So good I want to cry.Chicago Style Hot Dog excellentGreat food, cool service. Only one issue I have had is when ordering my Italian Beef double dipped, they frequently double dip my husbands' who doesn't prefer that, and single dip mine, which I do not like, because I love for my bread to be soggy. But, the food is great. And if you do have an issue, the manager will issue coupons to replace your meal.I cant comment on the dogs as I only had an Italian Roast Beef Sandwich.First off let me say that I have had many Italian Roast Beef sandwiches and they all lack one thing for me.  FLAVOR!  This one was no different.  Let me explain.....First you have a really nice, crispy, and almost crunchy roll with a soft inside.  They pile it high with their very thinly sliced roast beef which has soaked in their "gravy" .  This is what the rest of us would consider au jus.   Then they put green and red peppers on it.  The presentation is lovely.  Then the first bite with the au jus dripping from the crusty roll...............ahhh, no real flavor......Now don't get me wrong, I am not bashing them or their sandwich.  I seem to think that every Italian roast beef i have had is the same way, no real flavor???  The beef is moist, the roll is good, the peppers don't add much to it...........I just didn't find it to "wow" me.  Its far from bad, just doesn't do it for me I guess.  Funny, I'm Italian.   I think it needs some spice and maybe a slice of provolone....This place is great for a hot dog chicago style.  I also love their burgers, they are not quite as fast food tasting as your mcdonalds and wendy's etc.  I love too that there is a drive thru, especially in the river north neighborhood, where I live.  It is very conveniant.Great hot dogs with a good "snappy" casing and a tasty cheeseburger, but I don't really like the atmosphere that makes me feel as if I am at Great America.  A good beef sandwich, though there are much better places.  I grow tired of the assembly line system of employees that one must watch before you get your food, though they are very efficient in the drive-thru...**Watch for pedestrians when pulling thoughTheir food rocks.  delicious.  but the downtown Portillo's has the crappiest service - every person there acted like we were in their way.having said that, the dogs are great, as are cheese fries, and most other things.  except the grilled yellow fin tuna.  it's really.... well done.  not bad, but bearing no resemblance to good fish!Totally middle of the road sort of place. Not many veggie options - seriously, they list the fish sandwiches under vegetarian which is all kinds of wrong in my book - but I do enjoy their shakes and the fries are pretty tasty. Service is fine, although you do have to pay attention because they become irritated pretty quickly if people don't respond when their numbers are called or become confused by the system.A Chicago native took me here and it was great. I got a beef sandwich and the cheese fries. The fries were really great.If love came in the form of food-- it would be a Portillos hot dog with everything on it. holy moley I will never move out of this city or else I will die of Portillos withdrawal. legit.The best hot dog I have ever eaten from the bun to the celery salt, sports peppers and the pickle everything was classic, dragged through the garden style. A hot dog in Chicago the way it should be!!! I will return to the second city if only for another one of these outstanding dogsOutstanding chicago-style hot dog. I ate 3 last time I came and despite having to be rolled out of the restaurant, it was incredible as it has always has been! I also really like the characters that serve you they give it a great atmosphere. Really genuine Chicago folk.  If you want a Chi hot dog and are in the downtown area, go to portillos! It always amazes me how so many people can go to the mcD's that's next door when this place is not even in the same league as mcD's and is for just as reasonable a price. I have also heard good things about the beef here but I like the hot dogs so much I have never really tried anything else.Visiting the Chi from Detroit and kinda missed my Coney so I found Portillos.  I must say one of the best dogs I've had. Plus the hospitality is A+. Taking some back home!!!!How could I give this place a bad review after spending my high school and college summer breaks working here? Of course the hot dog is the signature item here, but they've done a great job of diversifying and also excel at Italian Beef & Combo sandwiches, salads, and chocolate cake. Actually, when I worked here (ate there everyday), I loved the breaded chicken (ask for it on french bread) and the chocolate cake shake, which should be illegal! The staff is speed focused, check out the drive thru speed team, which works in 90 degree temps as well as below freezing, and don't be shy about tipping them, they work hard! For quick food that you can have the way you want it (everything on the menu is made how you want it) and it's all fresh, check this place out. It's authentic Chicago style. A little pricier than McDonald's, but the taste and quality reminds you of why you paid that much.Staying in chicago last summer Portillos was awesome. We hit it two times in four days.  BEEF sandwich is the way to go, loaded with peppers!This location is always packed but I mean c'mon it's Portillo's! I'm hoping for a 2nd location in the city sometime soon.Liked the reviews I saw on this Chicago staple and I wasnt disappointed at all. Quality food, good setting and right in the heart of Chicago. Got the jumbo hot dog and some fries. Seating is a premium on the ground level but the upstairs level usually has pleanty of seats.Interesting place to eat at. Has a few different joints you can pick out. I had the chilly cheese hotdog with cheesy fries. It was ok nothing wow to it...Thought a hotdog was a hotdog til I ate here.  Their hot dogs are awesome, but the Italian beef sandwiches are even better. I had to make a trip back to the counter to get another one.  Def check it out if your in ChicagoThe highlight of my weekend was finally being able to eat at Portillo's. All of the food I ordered was scrumptious and their milkshakes were the best way to beat the summer heat here in Chicago. I ordered the beef and cheese and a Chicago hotdog and left stuffed. Though there was a little line when I walked in, it moved quickly and our foods came equally as quick. Their cheese sauce is freakishly good and I was so glad I ordered it to go with the fries too. The prices can't be beat either, I was expecting Wrigley field prices but I think my hot dog was like 3 dollars and change and the milkshake was just under 3 dollars. Huge Huge fan, can't wait to head back.All this greasy american food is so good  you don't even care if you get fat, hahaha, but really, they've got all these burgers and hotdogs to make a dog drool along with those eyes that beg. Because of portillos, I've come back to appreciating onions in my life - the kind that is sweet and crunchy, then comes the beef or the hot dogs which are mighty meaty, and not to mention juicy, then add all that drizzle of fat and mustard and mayo and ketchup and spices  and dessert - no not all together, but at the right time and in the right place. Portillos will help you achieve gastronomical homoestatis. I made that up, but it sounds cool and it sounds right. Ying  Yang to your stressed life. Excercise, lots of water and fresh air is the yin. Portillos is the Yang. Get your Portillos Kung fu on!Food tour of Chicago.  Strange that we had this fast food place on our list and even stranger is that it is a five star spot.  Great atmosphere, fast and friendly service.  Clean place.  The food was very quick but more so very good.  One of my favorites on the tour.  A place I would certainly go back to when I return to Chicago.Great hot dog, fries and strawberry sundae at a reasonable price.  BUT, I was even more impressed with how happy all their employees seemed on a Saturday afternoon when the place was jam packed.Okay, truthfully?  Outstanding.  And love the frosty goblets of beer!Awesome dogs!!! Great food. Fast service. Friendly people. Fast moving line even with tons of people.  They clearly have their system down. And it tastes yummy. We got the chocolate cake shake and that was delicious!!!What can I say? This place is awesome. We went twice in two days. The chili dogs are the best!Love portillo's! Good chicago hot dog, cheeseburger is yummy. Love me some cheese fries or a chopped salad.  And chocolate cake is very nice.If it wasn't so damn awful for you i would eat here daily.Best hotdog i have tasted.  I am from the west coast and will travel to Chicago for them dogs.  snap in the casin which is rare in the west coast.  flavorful and cheap.  only down fall is that it is a mess ordering and finding a seat to enjoy your food.Came in at at 2:20 on a Friday.  No line. My first thought was "this place is FUN."  The food was hot and surprisingly delicious.  Had the Italian beef with hot peppers. Very spicy but not too much. An icy cold Fat Tire paired nicely. Cheese fries were nothing special. Chocolate cake shake was interesting.  More of a dessert to me. It is definitely worth getting. Overall pleasantly surprised.Awesome! Italian beef, bacon cheeseburger, polish and hot fudge sundae. Will deffinately hit this place again next time in the area. If the fries were better I would have scored this a 5. In Portillo's defense I ordered regular fries but the have a selection of toppings.Visiting from Los Angeles I was really looking forward to chowing down on a Chicago style hot dog. I found this place by searching the internet and reading reviews on yelp. I must admit that I was a little more than disappointed. I ordered the original Chicago style hot dog and it tasted ok, nothing that I will brag about. Pinks hot dogs out here in Los Angeles is much better. It wasn't terrible and I'd eat here again if I had to, but it surely didn't live up to the hype. The establishment itself is very nice and clean and the lighting and decorations add to its uniqueness.Their famous Chicago hot dogs were just that... plain old hot dogs.  For those who know Pinks (L.A.) or Gray's Papaya's (NYC), you'll probably be disappointed.  Overall, it's just A-OK.Only soft and greasy, nothing special.Best damn sandwich I have had in awhile. Beef with hots and served wet. Fantastic! Hot Dog was also very good.I got back from Chicago about two weeks ago and now when I get hunger pangs, all I can think about is the Italian beef I had when I was there. It was the only thing I had twice, and now that I think about it, it was the very first and also the last thing I ate there and I NEVER eat the same thing twice in one trip, so that should say something! As a result, I've mastered how to eat it without it falling apart everywhere.With 1,404 reviews so far, I'm not sure I have much more to contribute here but I drool just thinking about the Italian beef sandwich!! I can't say much for the other Portillo's locations since I only ate at this one but it is a chain and it probably is touristy but you find every kind of people here: tourists, locals, drunkards, stoners, young and old, families, etc. It's a little daunting when you first walk in because the set up is much like a food court with different stations every which way you turn: frozen custard/dessert "booth", a section for salad and some other stuff, another for *I can't remember but I think it was...* booze (I was too focused on getting my Italian beef), and then the main hub which is for the hot dogs, Italian beef, sides, shakes, etc. The lineup gets pretty long and there're staff who wander around and take your order, write them on paper bags which you then present when it's your turn to order. I don't get why since you have to re-order again when you pull up to the cash anyhow, but it's cute and it gives you something to do while you wait. A lot of people don't seem to catch on to the concept of a line up so it can get a little chaotic and you can end up waiting longer than is necessary for your turn. Oh, and they even have a drive-thru--I can't even imagine how long one would wait around for that~ After you place your order, you move to the left and wait for them to call out your order number, grab your food and find a table (or leave). There's one gal who works there who is so cute, she would call out orders and make up some kind of rhyme to go with it. "Number 126, I got yo' fix!" "Number 224, I'm knockin' at yo' dowah"~ The service is really friendly. I found people in Chicago to be unusually nice in general, which I can dig. But getting back to the Italian beef, I cry just thinking about it which I often do late at night when I cry myself to sleep about it. It's nothing complicated, just thinly shaved slivers of flavourful beef rammed into a bun and dipped ("juicy") in its jus. I'm pretty sure the non-dip option is there but if you're going to try one of these, you may as well get it right from the get-go and ask for it dipped. I ordered mine "hot and juicy" (if you get the bigger 9" version, I imagine you'd have to ask for a "big Italian beef, hot and juicy". Call me a prude but I didn't think I could bring myself to say that out loud!) which comes with hot pickled peppers that aren't THAT hot but they are flavourful and do wonders. There are some pickled vegs (bits of cauliflower and carrots) that seem to accompany the peppers. If you've ever had a Montreal steak sub and love that beefy flavour, you will LOVE the Italian beef. I was tempted to get it with cheese but glad I didn't since the beef flavour is so savoury, I didn't want to ruin a good thing. It's pretty messy so you'd better mean business if you're going to have one of these but it truly is perfection on a bun. I only wish they'd use day old bread for the dip so that the bread wouldn't totally sog out by the time you find yourself a table, but given the volume that this place deals with, I'm not even sure where they'd store the bread to age!Sadly, I didn't get around to having their cake shake as there were so many things I needed to eat throughout each day and in such a short span of time that I was faced with life or death decisions and it meant no cake shake but I'm sure it's wonderful~ I also didn't go for the hot dog because on my first trip to Portillo's, I saw a few people eating one and it didn't look like anything special. First of all, it's a hot dog, and nothing more; second: the stuff they pile on doesn't make me wet my pants, and third: it just sounded like such an unnecessary production and I'd probably have to disassemble it as I ate it anyhow. Too much work for a hot dog, I say.So while some of you may be too good for chains and franchises, or touristy places, this one is well worth a visit. If you're too cool for it, you're really missing out! It's fun, cheap, and delicious junk food at its best~Tips re: the dipped: 1) You'll need two napkins per inch of sandwich. You're welcome. 2) Roll up your sleeves before you dig in. As soon as you pick it up, not only will the bread likely fall off in pieces, but it acts as a sponge that oozes jus, which is essentially melted beef fat! MMMMM!3) Don't be messing around: you need to eat this thing right away (ie, no take-out) as the bread will start to liquify immediately.4) Get it with lemonade, you'll feel less greasy.Was looking for something open late with good prices. This place was near our hotel. It was awesome. Huge selection. My husband had a burger. He really enjoyed it. The fries were ok. I had custard ice cream. It was really cheap for good food. I want to go back and try the hot dogs.Hell on earth. Most backwards place ever. Worst place ever for family's.Portillo's is my favorite hot dog joint (not that the competition is particularly stiff).  My favorite thing is a polish sausage BURNT and cheese fries LIGHT ON THE CHEESE.  Of course, the restaurant serves a variety of other dogs -- too many to list here, actually.  See for yourself.  I definitely recommend this restaurant.Awesome!  If you love chicago style hotdogs this is the place to go.  The atmosphere is really fun and it has two stories so there is a lot of room.My co-workers and I eat here during the summer months for lunch. Its great food with a wide variety. They have everything from hamburgers to salads. We have never had a bad expirence at Portillo's.Nice place, bad food.I would give just 1 star, but I gave 2 because the place is nice and the hot dog is between average and good - but the other stuff is really bad. I just don't understand why people love it so much.The Italian beef sandwich was TERRIBLE, it tasted like pure fat. The chocolate cake was worse than anyone you can buy in a cheap supermarket.Definitely I am not going back.I was taking a tour of Chicago and one of the tour guides pointed this place out and said go here for lunch. We thought it was a shamless plug or some kind of marketing scheme between the tour bus company and the restaurant... it wasn't. It was amazing. If the over two hundred reviews of this place don't convince you, now there are two hundred and one.I don't think I've met anyone who doesn't love Portillos. Seriously, it's greasy, fattening, and delicious. I highly recommend the beef and cheddar croissant. Basically, it takes the standard beef sandwich and replaces ordinary bread with a buttery croissant and replaces the mozzarella with cheddar cheese. What makes this combination so delectable is the croissant...it just melts in your mouth like a big cheesy, buttery beef and bread M&M. Be prepared for the grease though by having plenty of napkins, and maybe a wet-nap, at hand. The only downside to Portillos, unless you're a vegetarian or a communist, is the ordering process. Usually there's a long line and it takes awhile to get your food. That being said, the food is worth it!I love this portillos and they have NEVER messed up an order of mine.  The food is always great and service is usually pretty swift on a good day.Great food...really, it is indeed great.  It is so good that it is always mobbed and a bit of chaos waiting for your order to come up.  There is usually a very obnoxious person shouting out the order numbers which makes you feel like a complete tourist...which is fine if you are one; but if you're just going there on a lunch break, it makes you want to stab your ears with the plastic forks.  Nevertheless, the chicken breast sandwich and big beef with cheddar keeps me coming back.Came here while in Chicago for business.Was looking for a Superdog/Superdawg - but couldn't find any near my office.Walked to Portillo's - man it was big and crazy looking. Lines and people all over the place. Orders shouted out, it was a carnival. Liked that.Ordered the dog - Portillo's style. It was tasty. I liked the added condiments and really liked the spear of pickle placed on top of the dog. Very nice touch and added a lot of flavor to the whole dog experience. Would definitely go back for a fun, tasty casual food.Awesome place for a quick meal cheap. I had the chili, hot dogs, and cheese fries and wasn't disappointed. The shakes also hit the spot.Biggest recommendation here would be the $5 large beers. Coldest beer in town, served in a frosty goblet!As I survey Italian Beeferies in Chicago, so far, I like Portillo's the best, their hot peppers have the best flavor, plus they have excellent sausages, hot dogs and other Chicago delights, something for everyone.The hot dogs taste like any other hot dogs.  The italian beef is soaked with grease.  The absolute best part of this dinner was the chocolate cake milkshake with bits of chocolate cake in it.Love me some Portillo's!  Amazing beef sandwiches and hamburgers.  The fries are quite good and always fresh.  If you are in the mood for tasty, albeit not too healthy meal, you won't be disappointed.Got the Chicago dog with everything except the peppers. Yummy and cheap.Unreal. Need not say more. Consistantly great food. Try their chocolate shakes. (Incredibulllll)Just want to know as I am taking 5 to Chicago from Texas;  If we can sit and enjoy this institution, drink a few beers and watch the Cubs game on TV??Great Chicago style hot dogs!Couldn't go to Chicago without getting a Chicago dog from one of the more famous establishments. I love them but an Italian beef is where its at if your hungry.Ok we started out looking for a snack and ended up back in line like three times because it was so good.  I love Chicago style dogs and we tried several things on the menu - no disappointments here.  We even ended up grabbing two dogs for the plane ride home...people were drooling over our portillos bag.I think giving Portillo's more than 3 stars for food is a bit absurd, because that's not the purpose of the place. But the atmosphere and swift service make this a 4-star experience.The Chicago style hotdogs are good, but they taste only a little bit better than ones I could make at home. In any case, the fries and onion rings are well done. I haven't tried anything else yet, but my trip definitely confirmed that Portillo's mixes assembly-line efficiency with competence in making Chicago-style junkfood. The memorabilia everywhere, and the intense food, makes the whole experience a bit distracting. This is actually a good thing. There are at least 3 or 4 registers operating simultaneously, endless seating options, and a second floor looking out onto River North.I'd say it's an excellent establishment more than anything else.This place has the best Combo Italian Beef Sandwich in Chicago. I had a Al's beef sandwich... and it did not compare. The service is both fast and accurate, and the atmosphere is very welcoming. So if you're wondering; yes, there is a reason why they have 2 drive through lanes that are filled to capacity. Cause it's damn good.I went to this place twice during my vacation to Chicago. The food is great and cheap.Hands down, they have the best Italian Beef in Chicago.  Their hot dogs are the bomb as well.  They simply have great items on their vast menu.  I love indulging here every once.  I have taken all of my friends and relatives from out-of-town here and they all have the same sentiment.I love this place!!! One of my favorite places in Chicago to eat. Before I moved here I would have it mailed to Louisiana for my friends to try it. Only Problem with Portillo's is that they do not have one in Lakeview yet. I would suggest to everyone visiting the city to try this place.We've stopped at Portillo's on our last two Chicago trips. We love this place a little more with each visit. This in an affordable place with friendly staff, clean facilities, and awesome food. My favorite is the Italian Beef with sweet peppers, but none of us had had a bad meal.  Everyone in the family can find something they like on the menu and Mom and Dad can afford to pay the bill. Two thumbs up!Not usually a hot dog fan, but the Polish hotdogs were delicious! I guess it's because I'm a big pickle fan. The food is affordable and quick when you're on the go. (They even call your number in a little rhyme.) Definitely going back!Portillos had the best hot dogs I've ever had. I also had the italian beef sandwich...Faaabbbulous !! get them with the sweet peppers... delicious.. i only wish i cud have packed a few sandwiches  and brought them back to DC with me !!Italian Beef sandwich with hot peppers and chilli cheese fries. Thats all i have to say. Game overChopped Salad, Chile Dogs, Beef, Cheese Fries, Chocolate Cake.. It literally is as good as it gets. The food is good, service is efficient, and there really isnt a bad thing to say about this institution. We highly recommend it.Enjoyed a Italian beef and a Sam Adams Octoberfest...There is something to be said about being able to get a beer and great sandwich without having to fork over a lot of dough. I had a Spicy Peppers Italian Beef dipped...it was great! Get plenty of napkins though, you will need them!The Maxwell polish dog was quite the delicious hot dog. The sausage and the onions complemented each other well.  Also, the italian beef sandwich was very tasty. I had mine with hot and sweet peppers... something i would definitely recommend.Great lunch, perfect portions, all for about 5 bucks a person. You can't beat it. I ate the Hot Dog, the original I suppose and really enjoyed it. I've never had a pickle in my hot dog and let me tell you it's a great addition. If you're visiting Chicago, try Portillo's. My mom and I are coming back tomorrow to try the beef sandwich, which several people eating around us raved about!Ya, its that good! Several people told us to eat here on out trip to Chicago and it didn't dissapoint. A little bit of a line and wait, but well worth it. If we had come in 5 minutes later, line was out the door! Very, very good dogs.I told myself I would try Hot Dogs in other places around Chicago before I wrote a review on Portillo's but of the places that I have tried, Portillo's is the best. Their Italian beef sandwich was the second one I tried in the city and it saved my perception on the food, no thanks to Al's beef which left me with a poor after taste. Portillos also has Cashew Caramel sundae aka..Heaven in a cup.We've been in Chicago for 6 days and we visited this place on our first and last day. Quick, friendly, service and the food is delicious!  If you want a real Chicago dog with awesome atmosphere - definitely  check it out!  The classic and Polish dogs along with cheese fries made us comes back for more! My boyfriend also liked the Italian beef sandwhich...I wasn't a fan of the soggy bread factor though.We were spending some time downtown Chicago..and had our young boys with us. Decided to head out and experience the city a little bit, take a cab ride somewhere and just walk around.  Looked up Chicago Italian beef on the iPad, and saw an Al's beef a short cab ride away and thought it would be a good place to go since I've haven't had Al's yet, but hear good things.  Unfortunately, they don't serve beer...and Portillo's was just a block down the road.  So we decided to go there.Good choice, as we were already familiar with Portillo's Italian Beef sandwiches.  The sandwiches are piled high with flavorful beef and the roll is perfectly soft.  I get mine dipped with hot peppers.  Awesome!  The place has great atmosphere, with the high ceilings, neon lights, and the exposed brick works.  Besides the Italian Beef, we got a hot dog and a kids spaghetti.  Both tasty with a great bun on the hot dog.  My son got it plain, so could really taste the good, spiced flavor of the hot dog.Overall, good food and a fun place to go.  Plus beer!Still want Al's Italian Beef though!Great food for a great price! The quality of food is great, and it's such a great atmosphere inside. Anyone is Chicago needs to check it out.Love it, you just cant get this amount of great food for this cheap anywhere else! Well played chicago!This place is just Midwest solid.  Pretty much defines the area in all its glutenous glory.  We got the chicken salad both times, and man, it was beyond good.   A definite stop over if you're looking for grub, quick and of like countless fair.Best food from burgers, to salads, beefs, Hot dogs & killer CAKE SHAKES!I had to come here to see what the rave was about with chicago hot dogs, and yea it's pretty good! I got the jumbo hotdog and onion rings..and then came back for round 2 immediately after inhaling my first order. I was pretty hungry when i got there and left very happy and satisfied!The ambiance was a little busy and loud for my taste, but the dog was delicious.Yummy hot dogs! And great beer!their hot dogs are a little small, but two is enough to be pretty filling. about $3 for a hot dog.jumbo hot dog - classic and goodchili cheese dog - kind of messy, but really good!i love the beef and cheddar croissant and the chocolate cake and the milkshakes and the chilli. i hate crinkle cut fires, i wish they would have different fries.Meh. Nothing to ride home about. Definitely overrated.I know it is not healthy but I just had Portillo's for the 2nd time in 3 days!!! I know there are a lot of fine dining restaurants in Chicago but I would almost always prefer the Italian Beef with hot peppers and a side of cheese fries. Portillo's....you are never a disappointment. I don't know what it is with the cheese sauce but you could cover the homeless guy's shoe from out front of your restaurant and it would taste good!  I keep telling myself to try something new but the sandwich and French fries is the perfect meal. Please please please start doing your own deliveries so I can spend the 8$ that Diningin.com charges on more food.  If I ever find myself on death row I know without a doubt what my final meal would be!!!The most amazing fast-ish food ever. Every Chicagoan can relate to growing up eating portillo's either in, to-go, or catered. Best chopped salad, cajun chicken pita, peasant pasta, cheese fries, italian beef, minestrone soup, fresh bread, ribs, sketti... it's all amazing. Can't get enough.Best hot dogs I've ever had!  Their barbecue is also excellent (and I'm from Texas)!  If you love hot dogs, you gotta try Portillo's.  I take all my friends and family here when they come visit Chicago.  I just wish they had one in Hyde Park.Arguably the best Hot Dog in the country !!!!!!!Sorry Pink's :)I like this place its not expensive and the food is good. The big cheeseburger was like 3 or 4 bucks and the chocolate cake shake MmmmmMmmm......the polish sausage sandwhich is also amazing, the fries mmmmMMm...I like the inside too there are plenty of memorabilia hangin around. Even al capones death certificate I love vintage stuff. Yes to this place...Best thing about this meal was the chocolate cake shake.  Really good!  We also had a hot dog with everything and their "famous" Italian Beef sandwich with hot & sweet peppers.  Everything was good, but the shake was the standout!My Saturday hangover cure...enough said3rd best beef in chicago.you know ports.  it's all magic.Good stuff!!! My first ever Chicago Hotdog and I have to say I'm hooked.  Good food at a very fair price.  The tiramisu was also tasty.This place is great, but there are a couple things they NEED to take care of. 1) they keep the upstairs closed way too much - the downstairs is really cold and too crowded2) it's okay that we are asked to bus our own tables, but their set-up makes it almost impossible - you ever try to juggle a plate, a bowl, napkins, drink, silverware - carry them to a trash can that you have to push in to open, then sort out the left-over food and trash so you can dump the garbage and keep out the dishes?  - it is a pain.Whats to say? Its Portillo's ! Now you can get a good Italian beef at smaller Mom and Pop shops, but the rating above represents consistency. The service at this location (wait time) is spotty. They still do pretty well though.This joint is great, the hot dog is exactly how it's supposed to be, kind of overpriced for a hot dog joint though because fries aren't included. Speaking of the fries, they are GREAT, kinda salty but great. I see some people like the Italian Beef, I gotta try it out sometime.We went to Portillo's based on a recommendation from a local.  I had the polish dog and cheese fries.  The polish dog was good...it was served on a warm poppy seed bun with grilled onions.  But I was disappointed in the cheese fries....they weren't anything special.  The cheese sauce came in a little cup like you might get from Taco Bell.  The fries were just like the crinkle cut frozen ones you get in a school cafeteria.  I liked the atmosphere, but was disappointed that they didn't offer free drink refills on soda/tea.  Not sure I would go back.  I think I would rather try someplace else next time.Portillos ROCKS.  Best dogs and beefs on the planet.  Double dipped sweet.Hey it's the famous Portillo's, it's definitely a fine place to go for hot dogs, Italian sausage and burgers.  Oh yeah and the beer selection is pretty good.  Very reasonably priced beers on tap and decent selection including my favorite there, hacker-pschorr.  There's a lot of seating and although it can get crazy during lunch time, the lines move pretty quick.  My only issue is the cost of certain extras I tend to add on to my burgers, and getting a side drink and fries can tend to get a little pricey, although still not too bad.Best Hot Dog I've ever eaten! Went here on a recent visit to Chicago and ate one of their dogs.   Came back the next day for lunch and this time I had 2.Best Italian Beef in the city. DelicousAwesome place. Always wanted to try a chicago hot dog, and I'm glad I came here. Food is insanely cheap, tastes great.. and I cannot believe the range of foods - burgers, sausage, italian beef sandwhiches, hot dogs, chicken sandwhiches, 10 other kinds of wraps/sandwhiches, ribs, pastas, tons of desserts.. list goes on and on. I was extremely impressed with the place.Found this on the website below. Good for taking kids, especially if you have more than one! Has Chicago classics on menu...travelchicagowithafamily…We eat here all the time, but this week I tried the ribs not one time but went back a send night for them.  Very tasty.  Only one disappointment, when we got home and sat doen to eat they did not pack the sides to either dinner.  But we survived.  I will still give 5 stars for the quality.The hot dogs are good, but the beef sandwich was not so impressive.Coming to Chicago for the first time, I was excited to try a Chicago red hot after hearing so much about them. Portillos was the closest hot dog place to us and they have a good reputation so we made our way over there. It can best be described as a fancier food court. Each cashier had a different menu, which kept the lines short but was a pain if you have a group who each want something different. My wife ordered a salad and my daughter and I went with classic dogs. We sat down and started eating out on the patio, which was nice to be able to do. My expectations may have been too high. The food was good, but c'mon, they were hot dogs, they weren't that great. An extra star for excellent customer serviceIn town and was looking for an authentic c-town food experience.  Portillos did not disappoint.  Italian beef sandwich was great! Atmosphere is unique and fun.If you are a tourist in Chicago this is a must stop.  The chili cheese dogs are sloppy, but oh so good.  My picky eater wife had the Italian sausage with peppers.  She loved it, and raved for days afterward.  They have a decent selection of beer and draft is served in very heavy, frosty mugs.  The restaurant has lots of interesting knick knacks displayed throughout and is an entertaining atmosphere.   We liked it and will be back during future trips to Chicago.Wow...if you are a lover of Chicago hot dogs, Italian beefs, and delicious beer, then this is like Food Heaven!!!!!I've been coming to Chicago and never tried Portillo's until recently.  I was blown away by how cool this place is.  It's very casual...you have someone in your party grab a table, and go get your food.  We went 2 times during our trip.  The first time I got a jumbo Chicago dog.  I couldn't believe it was only like $2.85.  The second time I got an Italian beef with hot peppers...dunked in the au jus.  This is the way I like my Italian beefs! It was probably the best I've ever eaten!  My Mom who was with us had the chili dog.  It was so good and she said the best one she has ever had.  My wife had the chicken club sandwich, which she liked alot as well.  They even have a few craft brews on tap served in frosty cold mugs from the freezer!!!!!  I highly recommend the Arcadia Brewing Co. Sky High Rye!Delicious hot dogs at Portillo's, pasta/pizza in the Barnelli's section, and custard at the dessert counter. You HAVE to: 1)Get cheese sauce for your fries 2)Get a chocolate cake shake. This place is a great casual spot to take a big group because it is HUGE.I went there yesterday for dinner after work, which is good!!! I order the ribs, which is wonderful, very sort and juicy, the beef sandwich is very good, the mango drink just little too sweet, but the soup is just ok, The only thing is u have to clean up by urself, but im ok with it!! 4 stars, i will go again if i have chanceThe Chicago dog was alright. Nothing different from the regular hot dog except the toppings. 6 curled toes.I love Portillo's!This is my favorite place to eat in Chicago.  I have tried almost every single item on the menu and have never been disappointed.  The selection is unbeatable.  I think that their Italian Beef is the best in town.  The burgers, dogs, onion rings and salads are all excellent.  You simply cannot go wrong.This place is a gem!  Prices were great, food was very tasty and the Chocolate Cake Shake was both a novel idea and extremely good.  They even have a drive-thru in downtown Chicago to boot!!Chocolate Cake Shake was amazing!!!  I also ate the chicken tenders and fries.  They were good, but not great.  Would go back for the shake!Classic Chicago right here.  Italian beef with cheese on a croissant is the winner topped with with a chocolate cake shake.  Ridiculous.I am not a fan of chains.  However, I typically visit Portillo's - Chicago on W Ontario each trip to Chicago for two main reasons:1. Very good Italian Beef (my order)2. Food court type dining with offerings that seems to please the rest of my party/family every time I have been.You will see the term food court mentioned for this location in other reviews and it is appropriate.  I have also visited the Schaumburg location which has a 50's diner type decor and it feels much more like a restaurant than a nice mall/airport food court.  At the W Ontario Chicago location, I prefer to dine upstairs if it is open just for that reason.  If you are in search of a Chicago Dog or Italian Beef you can probably grab one from a smaller quainter restaurant or vendor and appreciate the unique Chicago experience of that more.  However, the food here is unquestionably very good and if the convenience and breadth of choice is important you or well known eatery in Chicago you cant miss with this.Simply the best.Hot Dog: 5/5 stars.  Best hot dog this Chicago native has ever had.Italian Beef: 5/5 stars.  Perfect bread, perfectly dipped to be wet but not falling apart, excellent giardiniera, great beef.  Puts Al's and Mr. Beef to shame.Polish Sausage: 4/5 stars.  Not head and shoulders above the competition like the dog and beef, but very good nonetheless.Chocolate Cake: 5/5 stars.  The rumors are true.  The cake is that good.Service: 5/5 stars.  Friendly and inviting staff, and very quick considering this place is always mobbed.  Quick to correct any mistake without an argument.  This place aims to please.Everything about this place is fantastic.  Don't believe people who tell you Al's is better; they only say that because Portillo's is supposedly too "touristy."  I'm not even sure what the hell that means.  Maybe its all of the Chicago paraphernalia on the walls.  At the end of the day, it's about the food, and Portillo's is the best, hands down.I just came back from a tour de Chicago. I loved it there! I had to try the area's best "Chicago-style dog" so I went to Portillo's. It did not disappoint. I'm a rather picky eater and I thought with all of those ingredients on a hotdog, it was going to be too weird, especially when the city shuns ketchup on their dogs. But I loved it! I also had a few bites of the chilidog and cheese fries... on par with the Chicago-style. If I ever find myself in the neck of the woods again, I will stop in at Portillo's, hungry or not!I've tried the Portillos in Buena Park, CA and got the privilege to try this Chicago location a few days ago....Amazing Pasta! Really?!! A hot dog place that also sells pasta?? I know...but it is soooo good! A must try.I haven't visited this location, but if it's like every other location, GET THE RIBS. They are seriously delicious. I think I'm going to go out and get some now, dang it!must have... when in chicago .. just do iti was told to go here on my recent visit to chi-town by 2 natives!  i have never had italian beef sandwiches or chicago-style hot dogs before.. so i got one of each!  the italian beef sandwich was really tasty and filled with lots of specially seasoned beef but really greasy!  my bread was soaked with it!  the hot dog was good but nothing incredible.  i did like the pickle spear in it.. prices here are cheap and it's definitely a place to check out when you are in historic chicago!  i heard the ribs are amazing but i'm not too fond of ribs so i didn't try them.  i will come back here next time i'm in town!Not what I expected at all.  Staff behind counters were unpleasant.  I would not recommend place for the disabled nor the seniors, because the staff does not accommodate.  Hot dog was a disappointment, maybe my expectations were set too high.Portillos! Oh man. I'm from California and I sometimes have to take a flight out to Chicago to visit portillos and get some ribs and hot dogs. The ribs are the best I've ever had along with many other items on the menu. This place is going to expand and become a nationwide chain.Good Chicago tradition!!best double cheeseburger in the entire world!  barnelli's chopped salad is also the bomb, and you just cannot go wrong with a cake in a shake.  it's an all around great place for junk food.I can't give Portillo's 5 stars, not because the service wasn't up to par or the food didn't taste great, or it was too expensive or too crowded...it's just that a Chicago dog isn't quite the same when it isn't made with a Vienna beef hot dog.  While on the search for Chicago's best dog, we visited Portillo's twice.  Most other places did serve Vienna's, but not all of them did the dog justice.  So, if you're not a sucker for a Vienna then you'll probably think you died and went to wiener heaven once you eat at Portillo's.  And what's really great is you don't have to travel far out of town to experience these fine dogs, unlike Hot Doug's or the Vienna Factory Store.  Tried Chicago dogs, chili dogs and Italian beef--all good, and I love that they have some decent beer on tap too (at a different counter). It didn't seem like many other places that serve Chicago dogs serve liquor, and it certainly hit the spot after running all over the city on a hot June day.cheese fries . . . ooey gooey cheesy messes of fries . . . grilled chicken on a croissant and mayo  . . . okay so most people go for the beef - do i strike you as most people? ? ? check out Barnellis for some decent pasta (I'm Italian - most pasta is edible), salads, and other fare, but stick with Portillos for burgers, fries, and a coke. and seriously - if you're going for grease, this is the place to be. Someone called it the McDonald's of Chicago . . . mmmm . . . McDonalds is McDonalds - this is definitively a cut above.This place is generally pretty good. I like the smoothies, and have to eat cheese fries when I go. Actually it is the only place that I will eat cheese fries at every time I go (which is usually only 3 or 4 times a year). I don't know I guess they just remind me of the ones at the local dinner in my small little hometown. The sandwiches are pretty good most of the time, but this is definitely not health food. The only complaint I have is that they never seem to get my order right. There is always something or two somethings wrong. Like tonight, I've had their polish sausage many times, but never like this. It wasn't on a bun, but rather a hunk of dried crusty bread with more onions than meat, and the mustard was no where to be found. So I was disappointed tonight, but since I didn't buy it, and it was brought home for my by my hubby I was not going to complain cause I just didn't feel like cooking a 9 pm. Oh, and what is so hard about a DIET coke? It seems like more and more places make this mistake. There is just something about regular pop hat gives me a headache if I drink it with other food (it's the blood sugar levels that go crazy). Otherwise, it is a fun place for lunch or for a quick bite with friends if you want something cheap, but I won't make it a regular of mine, mainly just because I don't eat that kind of food regularly.I'm not a burgers or hotdogs kind of girl, but they do serve great cheese fries.  And since you've already ruined your diet with the cheese fries, you may as well get either the chocolate cake shake or a slice of chocolate cake.  It's awesome.  Extra kudos for the chains that have drive thru attendandts that take your order during peak hours.  There's always a really long line, but it doesn't take long to get your food because they prepare so well.  Other restaurants should take a lesson from them!I was shocked to see ANY negative reviews for Portillo's!!   For me, its the perfect restaurant.   They have a wide and varied menu, I've never had anything there I didn't like, they give you your food fast, its relatively cheap, and they have all sorts of cool stuff to look at on the walls while you enjoy your meal.   I can't find anything bad to say about this place....By the way - their ribs are better than any others I've ever had - including Robinson's!One word: Combo. Italian beef + Italian Sausage + 3 layers of paper around it to contain the madness = amazing. Good, greasy food, and a nice price. It got a little busy around lunchtime, but service was still good and fast. Also, the downtown location has a really cool interior. Says CHICAGO all over it.I LOVE LOVE their ribs with a side of the baked Mostaccioli and a Cesar salad. My boys and I dive into this meal and normally are left wanting more......lol!! Tho we've been known to hit this place up after hours of walking in downtown or coming from a museum. Either way we always enjoy our food!!! :-))Love the true, Chicago dog.  Other sandwiches also pretty good.  On the down side, fries are too salty.  After three tries, I finally gave up and switched to onion rings.  These are like the frozen, heavily breaded things you find at places that don't know better.  I broke them in half and pulled out the scrawny little strands of onion and left the hard tubes of breading.  They should figure out how Popeye's makes their onion rings--it would probably be a moneymaker.  Until then, I will look for new sides.Pretty good food, low prices, efficient service. It loses a point because the place is often crowded and dirty, and hot dogs aren't really my thing. But given what they do, they do quite well. Their Italian beef is an especially good deal.Oh Portillo's how I sooooooooo miss you!!!!! You don't even know dear sweet baby jesus how much I miss you. I honestly folk get emotional when I eat here. I honestly get a little tear in my eye because my hot Italian beef combo (hold the peppers) is that G-d damn good! Oh yeah and ya gotta get it wet other wise you aint doin it right! This Portillo's is in a great local not being too far off Michigan Ave and just a couple blocks from where I usually stay at the Ohio House motel (see my review). The place is always clean no matter if I come by when they first open up or in the middle of the day or just before they close. Granted fast food is a really shitty job (I know I've been there) the folk here seem to honestly take some pride in the work that they do. I've never once been treated in a bad way. The folk behind the counter seem to keep their cool even in the busiest of days. I can't wait till I move out there in Feb and can stake my claim to my own table and eat till my tummy explodes!mmm...comfort food at its finest. i got the chicken ceasar pita and it totally hit the spot. next time i'll have to try the italian beef sandwich that everyone is raving about. i want to go back already...this place is a staple.  get something else on the menu along with your hot dog.Love Love Love! Honestly they are the friendliest staff in town and the food is to die for!Not sure where/how we heard about portillos but I like it for their classic Chicago food. They offer different things like ribs and pasta and pizza but I'm a sucker for their hot dogs. And it seems very popular given their many reviews here and the foot traffic in the restaurant. So we ordered/paid at the counter, then picked up our food and seated ourselves. Since I've had their Chicago dog before, I ended up going with their Italian beef. It's basically a huge roast beef sandwich with bell peppers (I opted for sweet but they have hot ones too). I also think the bell peppers were extra so maybe it's just a plain roast beef sandwich. Lots of flavorful pieces of beef and tender with not too much fat at all. I liked it. And a side of the cheese fries - nothing too much to rave out. They are just fries and they charge you extra for a mini container of what tasted like nacho cheese. For dessert, we got their frozen custard. Guess frozen custard is very popular everywhere except for the west coast so I've never had it before. But it tasted like a creamier ice cream to me. We had the strawberry flavor so had syrupy strawberry quarters and whipped cream and a couple of maraschino cherries. And best of all, everything is super cheap. Most everything is less than $5. It's so nice. I could eat here daily if I lived anyone near one.this is where you can check off the hot dog and Italian beef sandwich.  used to come when I lived here ten yrs ago, but now just a tourist like everyone else.Yummy burgers! I went to Portillo's after a recommendation from a friend. It's a great place to grab a quick bite and they have so many options, from pastas, sandwiches to burgers. Needless to say parking sucks big time around here. But that's why they have the unloading zone right in the front where you can put your flashes on and really park for 30 minutes, anyway who needs more than half an hour to down a delicious burger??Very good beef, great hotdog, great hamburger , fast and friendly staffgreat beef, great cheeseburger, great cheese fries, great root beer, did i mention great hot dogs ?, great onion rings, and a great grilled chicken sandwich. if you are wondering if you should go, the answer, is YES.Geat food but one of the WORSE drive thrus I have EVER experienced!  Just shut it down, it is a nightmare and wait times can exceed 20 minutes.  NO HOT DOG is worth that.By far the best Italian beef in Chicago. The hot dogs are delicious as well. Good place to gorge on a budget. I ate here right before I went back to school and felt like I was going to have a heart attack.  ...But it was worth it! Can't get food like this anywhere else. Really. The Southwest is seriously lacking in this type of greasy, wonderful food.Let me just start off by saying that my company spends thousands of dollars yearly with Portillos through the Dining In delivery service as well as company outings.  However, lately, the service has been terrible.  Today, we ordered for our Saturday work shift over $100 worth of food and 4 out of the 7 orders were incorrect.  Sandwiches with no cheese, Italian beef combo with sausage but no beef, no sides of condiments as requested and all paid for.   I called the dining in customer service number to complain and she said that we would receive the corrected items.  When the driver came back, one of the sandwiches still had no cheese, they forgot another sandwich completely, and we still didn't receive any of the side condiments we paid for.  I know the delivery service is through dining in, but the food is prepared at Portillos.  The staff need to be more aware and pay attention when making these orders instead of just shipping them out.  I have eaten inside the actual restaurant and have had no problems, but the delivery service leaves MUCH to be desired.Definitely as good as the hype!  We had the Portillo's Dog and Chili Cheese Dog and loved both.  The atmosphere is so unique and we will definitely be back.oh god italian beef so sooo good nice chicago dog artery clogging heart malfunctioning totally worth it why did you do this to yourself i had to it was soooo goodBest hot dogs and Italian beef sandwiches in Chicago. They have wonderful cheese fries and shakes. One of the worst drive-through's I've ever seen but they do a fantastic job with pushing through 25 cars at a time. I eat lunch here probably twice a week.the hot dog was quite juicy and wasnt as satisfying to me as the on i had at UB dogs. the fries were nice and crisp, and this place had several other types of food to eat aside from the hot dogs. i probably wouldnt come back here.If you are looking for a yummy greasy meal, come here. Portillo's makes really great onion rings and grilled chicken sandwiches. I stop by here after work every once in a great while and pick up dinner. If you can go here and end up getting a salad, then you have amazing willpower!Cheesy beef croissant, onion rings, chocolate shake.  Probably one of the best meals ever (and also probably the most artery clogging).  I'm glad I dont work down the street from this place anymore because I would have blown up to 1000 lbs and ended up on one of those freaky medical shows on tlc.Best French fries in the city...drive through is insanely efficient!!  I wish the salads were healthier but overall it's a great spot for the whole family!i love the inside of this building, its got really high ceilings and two levels which create a lot of space and a comfortable atmosphere.  and oh yea, the hot dogs are awesomeChicago Hot Dogs are renowned and everyone knows you have to have it with "everything" so that's the way we ordered.  This hot dog was pathetic.  First of all the steamed bun was soft and soggy from being wrapped, the hot dog itself tasted like something from the 10 for a dollar package in the freezer department at WalMart.  And "everything" is an understatement.  It was all just piled on, no rhyme or reason, peppers just lying on top, a big pickle on top of that.  weird.  I expected a big fat juicy hot dog with a nice bun.  On the bright side,  Portillo's served a nice Belgian White Ale,  that was tasty and you can't beat the prices.  But this is a case of you get what you pay for I think.Had the Beef Combo, Chicago Dog, the Beef sandwich and the Beef and Cheddar on a croissant.  If you like spicy food, the Beef Combo is the best. by far.So one of us has been to portillos before, so we had to return, this time because of the recommendation from our tour guide we had to try the italian beef as well, which was soooo good.  the meat was so moist, tender and juicy!  Also had the hot dog and granted i think it tastes like any other hot dog however we just love the chicago style when everything comes with it!My first time being in Chicago, I was advised to come to Portillo's and try their hot dogs. I got the original Chicago dog (I think that's what it's called, I can't remember right now) and my boyfriend go their Italian Beef sandwich. Both were very good, I loved the hot dog, very juicy! and the Italian Beef sandwich was HUGE! It was so juicy (and greasy lol) the paper wrapped around it was soaking wet when we got our order. I would definitely make a trip back here again whenever I'm in the Chicago area.One of the best Italian beef sandwiches in the city, and the chocolate shakes aren't bad either.  It has a weird, touristy vibe and gets really busy during lunch hours.  However, that hasn't stopped me from going there on a fairly regular basis.  Also, the staff are incredibly polite, even when the place is packed.The combos are to die for. Have them dipped they are sooo moist and top it with the hot pepper mix on top. God I am hungry now.I am frequently in Chicago and try to stop at Portillo's about once a year to eat.  My review is quite limited because the only thing I ever get is the Italian Beef and it is the best I have ever found.  If you love good Italian Beef this is the place for you.When I was visiting Chicago, I was told I should visit Portillos, and I did not regret it! Their Hot Dogs and pulled-pork sandwiches are out of this world, as is their chocolate cake. This food is anything but light though, so be prepared to feel a little sluggish after, but it is worth it!this was my bf's and my last stop before heading to the airport and home to nyc. we picked up the hot dog (a classic well done. i enjoyed the pickles!) and italian beef (so tender, moist, and HUGE) with both sweet and hot peppers on the side. the bf kept repeating over and over, "i'm so glad we got this, i'm so glad we got this." hahaha. me too :)4 stars for their famous chocolate cake!  i know it sounds silly....but holy taste buds!!  you MUST try it.Portillo's might be a chain, but I'm no chain snob, and I do like myself a Wendy's spicy chicken sandwich from time to time...Stopped by here on the way out of town to try to make up for the badness that was Mr. Beef the previous day. Much like In 'n' Out Burger, Portillo's never fails to deliver, and with a smile at that. We even got some sassy stylings from Mrs. Showbiz on the order up mic while waiting for our Italian beef sandwiches, which by the way, had delicious spicy giardiniera, flavorful jus and meat, and good bread. A taste sensation, I only wish I had had the appetite to cram one of their delicious hot dogs down my gullet. I always like to say that the midwestern states east of Lake Michigan are kind of like Danny Devito to Minnesota, Wisconsin and Illinois' Arnold Schwarzenegger, but dammit if Indiana didn't go and get themselves a Portillo's and become governor of CA. I only have 15 months left here in Michigan, but man oh man.....If this state could get just one Portillo's...heck...well I'd eat there all the damn time and still get the hell out of here as soon as possible....In summary, everything here is consistently awesome and I'm waiting for a major franchise expansion as soon as possible...please!!!? The Coney Islands are even less appealing when I know what I'm missing over there on the other side of the lake!I've never ordered anything that I didn't think was fabulous from Portillo's.  My sister says they have the best hot dogs around.  I don't eat hot dogs so I don't know but my sister hardly eats anything so when she does you know it is good.  When we go she usually gets the Chicago style beef hotdog, the chilli dog, or Italian beef sandwich.  I usually get the breaded chicken sandwich, breaded chicken croissant, halibut filet sandwich, or grilled tuna sandwich.  We both get cheese fries, chocolate cake, and chocolate shakes.  I think their food is so good for how inexpensive it is and also the service is very fast.  I've never had to wait that long to get my food and it is good that you can see in their cooking area so you know it is clean.  I think it always looks clean back there and the people making your food look clean too which is always a good thing.  I always go back there every time I am in downtown Chicago.I had to stay about 2 hours longer at work and I was starving! So I searched places to eat nearby and this one sounded like the best choice. To be honest I think these are the best hot dogs that I have ever tasted! Full of flavor and everything on them is fresh! I will be coming here again and again!You can't come here often because I think the food and drinks will clog your arteries, BUT it's amazingly delicious! The inside of the restaurant is interestingly looking. If I recall correctly it had a pizza look to it -- with those red checkered table cloths. It looks like a fast-food joint though with the different lines and cash registers. For the most part, service was fairly quick. I grabbed the Italian beef, chili & cheese sandwich w/sweet peppers & choc cake shake. The chocolate cake shake was yummy, and I'm not much a sweet tooth! The sandwich added with the chili & cheese and sweet peppers makes all the different. Otherwise it's very dry and lacks flavor. Unique place to check out if you're in town and in the area.simple, yummy, and the atmosphere of old chicago is great!I was expecting greatness and was met with good...but not great. I had the chicago-style hot dog with fries and iced tea. The hot dog was a normal size. a bit of a floppy bun and the sausage itself was good but nothing spectacular. My boss ordered the italian beef sandwich and loved it (I was stubborn and just had to get a chicago-style dog while in chicago). I would definitely come back to try the italian beef but I wouldn't go out of my way for the dogs. It's set up like a large food court, you wait in line to order then wait for your order to come out then pick seats. The service was relatively fast (unless you order onion rings- then prepare to wait an extra 10-15 mintues). I'd suggest onion rings if you're really hankering for a side! As this was an office expense I don't actually know how much our meals came out to, but it wasn't too bad. All in all, if you want a chicago-style dog, look around a bit more; but if you're in the area and need a quick bite Portillo's has you covered.Everyone said I had to eat a Chicago-style hot dog, so I chose Portillo's. I picked the regular Hot Dog with everything. This included: a beef dog, mustard, relish, chopped onions, sliced red tomatoes, kosher pickle and sport peppers on a poppy seed bun. I also ordered the cheese frys (not knowing what they would look like) Hearing all the toppings made me think it was going to be humongous, but it really wasn't. I was a little saddened by the size, but when I took a bite my angst swiftly took flight. And how did they know that I love to dip regular frys into a cup full of cheese sause? I do that all the time! I took home a menu for my scrapbook and to my surprise there is a Portillo's in Buena Park, but I bet it won't be as good as the one in Chicago!Chicago Classic. They do everything right. The long line moves quick, the orders are always accurate, and the food tastes great. Prices are very reasonable for comparable places(that are less tasty) around Chicago.So I am not a hot dog eater, ever, period. Usually I find hot dogs to be oily and flavorless. However, the Jumbo Dog I had at Portillos's was some of the best meat in tube form that I have ever had. Loved it so much we ate there two days in a row. The Jumbo Dog with fries is excellent (the fries by the way, look like frozen and by apperance you expect them to be nasty but they are not!), the Italiam Beef was okay at best. The Italian Beef was a little dry and needed some extra flavor, like cheese, but that might be the Phily Cheesesteak lover in me coming out. Also, if you are a beer drinker, definatly don't pass up the beer here. What makes the beer so great is the mugs, they are ice cold and very think glass so it retains the chilly temps even if it's hot and humid out. Don't miss this place!The best hotdogs ever. Been coming here for years. Busy place but worth it.More grease than I imagined. But I ate it all!This place does a nice job moving cars through as quickly as they can- I appreciate how many staff they have on the outside ! Way to think about your customers and also being highly productive which = $$ . And obviously  the food is AMAZINGgood stuff!This is a Chicago institution, so you have to come here at least once in your life!  The hot dogs are solid.  The chocolate cake is AMAZING, as is the shake.  The fries are great, and the atmosphere- well, it's kitschy, but fun.had the Italian beef with sweet peppers. just awesome!  bottom of the sandwich had just the right amount of sogginess. sweet peppers complimented the beef. and can't beat the price!Always a favorite when I come to Chicago. The Chicago style dogs or the Italian Beef are something they do very well!best eye-talian beef in da city period.  al's, johnny's, mr beef are all good quality beefs, but portillos takes the cake.weiner's so good they could almost convince me to go gay... ok, maybe that is a little dramatic, but i was doing it for effect... this was my first real encounter with a chicago style hot dog and let me tell you i was not disappointed, this thing was loaded to where i could barely fit it in my mouth. but after much persuasion it slid right in, and it was a perfect fit... (oh shit i just went off the deep end there)... this is the one place you NEED to go if you are visiting chicago... i also had an amazing beef sandwich there, but the hot dog is still the way to go if you only get one trip.So I did Hot Doug's and Superdawg. And I still had a Chicago dog craving. I was lazy, mostly a consequence of Lollapalooza, so was looking for the closest place and I was staying downtown. Thanks to other Yelpers, I learned about Portillo's. DAMN. This really is the best hot dog city in the country. The Chicago-style Portillo dog was so good, that I proceeded to go back to the counter and order Portillo dogs number two and three. Absolutely delicious. Loved the place itself too. Wide open area, organized order system, and pretty enthusiastic staff to get you your food. Fun, laid back atmosphere. Everyone in the place (workers and customers) are pretty happy. I did try the Italian beef sandwich. Also great. For me though, the hot dog had me at Hello. I don't remember, but I could have very well been talking to the hot dogs while I was eating. No matter. I have no shame. I'll do it again if I have to!Went here because I was the lost tourist who just got off the double decker bus and I didn't know where to go when I just wanted a bite to eat. I am not  a big fan of hot dogs and I actually call them death tubes b/c most hot dogs are just the scraps of the pig bound together with chemicals. When we walked in during the lunch hour rush I figured we would be there for sometime but of course this Chicago institution has it down to a science. We ordered and waited and BAM the food was ready like that. Be sure to look upstairs and around the corner of the restaurant for open seats. The food...great. we just had the dogs and a shake but i love a hot dog with a pickle and tomato. I wish I would have had the italian beef..that looked even better. THe frozen custard looked worthwhile but eating in Chicago tends to be heavier than my dietary choices back home so I stayed away. Next time, yeah time time I will try the beef and custard.I've never met a dog I didn't like.  The cheese fries here sure don't hurt either. Being a west coaster, I am not that familiar with the infamous Chicago dog but the one I had hear was tasty!  The dog itself was pretty average but the peppers had just the right crunch and just the right bite! Good down and dirty meal and affordable for downtown. This isn't my favorite city but Portillo's does it's best to move it up my list and it does it's job well!Pretty good place to get a hot dog, or a lot of other foods for that matter. They have a large menu and they make the food pretty fast! They make everything from salads to pizza to pasta.Being from NY, I asked a Chicago native if "Por-ti-yos" beats "Big Al's for Italian beef and got schooled. I don't eat meat very often unless it's hailed as a city's best etc.. This franchise is efficient, cheap, and tasty. Bring your hand-wipes and leave them out on the plastic checker-cloth for these Italian Beefs and other greasy sandwiches. I loved the Chicago toppings for the Chi-dog, but was not thrilled with the actual frank. They also offer salads and pasta, but why bother? I'm sure they are worth the while, but this place is known for their sandwiches and hotdogs. The ambiance is pleasantly kitschy and cafeteria style, and the ordering system is efficient at peak times. (they write your order on the bag that you will receive your food in while you wait on line) Also, they have a strong QC ethic where if an order is wrong, the manager is involved even if the customer doesn't request it. There's a hint of Mitsuwa in their business practice.I was in Chicago last week with girlfriends to celebrate my birthday.  I was told that I had to go to a Portillo's Hot Dogs. We arrived Tuesday and did not make it to one till Thursday.  We walked in and it seemed like I was at a theme park. (You have to go to one to know what I am talking about.) It's cool. Well, my friends and I each ordered the Chicago Dog and never had anything like it. We all enjoyed each bite! The dog had pickles, mustard, hot peppers, carrots, relish, & was on a sesame bun!  What it did not have was ketchup and I guess you're not suppose to have ketchup. It did not need it. I ordered the chocolate cake because I was advised by a few locals. It is definitely a must and glad I listened. I also tried their frozen custard. Both desserts are nothing you expect from a "fast food" type joint. The chocolate cake is so moist and frozen custard so silky smooth. My girlfriends have never tried frozen custard so they each ordered chocolate and vanilla flavored frozen custard. I prefer the chocolate over the vanilla. Also got to try their Italian Beef Sub and it was deliciously good. There's a lot of flavor in their beef. My advice is Don't waste your stomach space for any other fast food place. Prices are cheap. If you're ever in Chicago visiting, this place must be on your list. Like I said we arrived on Thursday and after that we went to a Portillo's Hot Dogs every day till we left on Sunday. They also have beer and wine. My friends and I now understand why the folks who live in Chicago love going to Portillo's and why they enjoy it. We love it too and wish we had one in the Bay.not a huge fan of their dogs, but solid, delicious chicken sammichs and cheese fries.  the drivethrough is pretty efficient.Great restaurant! Italian beef was the best I've ever had. We went on a crowded Friday night and was pleasantly surprised at the quick and courteous service we received. The restaurant was very clean too!Finally after years of our little dance of destiny my long awaited Portillo's dining experience came to be.  My tireless efforts in Chicago hot dog education and training finally prepared me for this legend of Chicago dining.  I went for the Chicago dog with everything and fries, and I washed it down with a ice cold diet coke cause I am diet conscious of course.  So how does it compare to the hot dog trinity of Hot Doug's, Weiner's circle and Superdog?  Well........not so much but not so bad.  It's a solid good dog with all the accouterments being solid as well, the relish falls short and there is no celery salt tang.  They are however going for a mass audience so that being said it's well above average.  The fries however are awesome, really really good, second only to Byron's Fries which makes them #1 in cross cut fries so there's that.  Overall just a gem for Chicago even in this tourist trap locale.This Portillo's is pretty good. The minestrone soup is good. The cheese fries aren't bad. The pasta dishes are good too. The hot dogs & Italian Sausage sandwiches are great. The Maxwell St Polish is great too.This is my favorite place for dogs and beef.  The best in Chicago!  It's simple; it's great!  All locations deliver quality and value.  The beef is better here than at the usual names dropped for Italian beef in Chicago hands down.wow never had a hot dog like this so light you can easily eat 3 or 4 , he Italian beef was amazing ,the place is crazy busy and those guys behind he counter do it just perfect ,Chicago is amazing when it comes to food and a charming city as well, and those hot dogs are sure charming as well.omg omg omg... this was the best food yet in chicago!Portillos is a great Chicagoland institution.  The polish sausage is good.  The italian sausage is delicious also.  Fries are great.  Price is just right.  And the frozen pudding for dessert is perfect!  I'm just so happy that they have portillos ouside of illinois too!The hot dogs here are juicy, plump and cooked perfectly. The fries are also crispy and delicious. It's a nice way to have a quick casual meal with real Chicago authenticity. They have a drive-thru, but the one time I went thru, it took forever. This place is bustling during the weekday lunch hour.holy cow this place has EVERYTHING. its a one stop shop....pretty much a walmart, but all food. everything we have gotten from here is pretty good and has never disappointed. the best salad ive ever had is from portillos (chopped salad, no bleu cheese).It's relatively fast and a better option that than the McDonald's across the street.  Had my first meal from them last night and was not blown away by my Italian Beef, but I have the feeling that I will give them plenty of opportunities in the future to up this rating.This was my first ever true Chicago Dog! I was soooo excited, and i was not dissapointed. I wish we would hAVE GONE BACK AND THE END OF THE TRIP TO RE-EVALUATE IT , after all the other dogs we tried, so little eating time ;0) I will go back on our next visit and try a couple other things as well. It's a funky key-westie kinda vibe, not what i was expecting...but cool. It was recommended by tourists, but more importantly the locals...worth the trip!What more to say about Portillo's?  I almost always get a chili-cheeseburger (and they look at me like I'm nuts when I order it--I have to explain: I want a cheeseburger, with chili on top and skip the ketchup and mustard).  It is SO damn good.  Their burgers are charbroiled (or at least they taste that way) and are perfect with the chili.  On the other hand, I was not as blown away by their Italian beef as everyone else, apparently.  I thought it was so-so.  Love their crinkly fries.  The place is a tourist trap, gets pretty crowded at times, but the space is huge (and two floors) so getting a table is rarely a problem.  Sometimes the wait for the food is a little irritating, it seems like it's prepared randomly (you'll get your food ten minutes after someone who ordered after you at times).  It's not so cheap for fast food, but then again, you'd spend eight bucks at the dumb 'rock-n-roll' McDonald's across the street, so what to do?Went to Chi-town last summer and was told I had to check out Portillos. It was fantastic! Only in Chicago a few days but went back a few more times! Sad that I'm in AZ where there's so Portillos! Haven't found anything that comes close to comparing! Def a must do if your in Chicago!I tried their chili cheese dog, jumbo hot dog and bacon cheese burger in one sitting before flying back to California! This was my last memorable fast food experience while in Chicago. I liked the dog but the cheeseburger was average at best.  The menu offers a great deal of choices at a reasonable prices. This beats Five Guys by miles. I'd consider this as equivalent to CA's In-N-Out burgers - it is that damn good!First and best Chicago Dog was in true form: Wrigley Field.  A close second was Portillo's, hence the 4 stars.  It was a little chaotic because they were so busy.  There were employees writing orders on paper bags so far from the menu board that I had no idea what I was ordering.  This location at least, has a bit of a food court feel.  There are several different food options.  I have to give them 5 stars on their hot dogs. Excellent! I went home wishing there was a place like this in my town.Man... This place rocks! Seriously, anything you get from here be it a Beef sandwhich, Combo, Dog or on the Barnellis side will be awesome.came here twice and i love the italian beef and the chocolate cake milk shake!! just make sure u don't have hypertension, diabetes, or high cholesterol or you'll end up in the ER hahahahhaThe jumbo char dog here is good.  Skip everything else.  (Well, I haven't tried one of those chocolate cake shakes.  They may be as good as so many say they are.)A tourist trap that serves outstanding, cheap food. I'd eat here daily if I was a local.I thought it was a locally owned joint, and found out that it was a chain restaurant. The hot dog was okay, and I expected more. My cousins and I ordered the regular Portillo hot dog, and I felt like I would've had a better deal with the Costco hot dog. I could've sliced up some tomatoes, and add mustard, pickle, pepper onto a hot dog from Costco -- TADA -- I got myself a bigger version of the Portillo Hot Dog. I've had better -- just saying....this is probably the best hot dog i had ever.  i had the jumbo hot dog with all the toppings.  it was delicious!  i also had cheese fries which was really good too.  the cheese came in a dipping cup so the fries won't get all soggy.  i can have another one just about now!Love the hot dogs, classic chicago style, Worlds best chopped salad!!!! Find myself craving it all the time!!I'm sorry Portillos lovers but I think its one of the worst hot dogs in the Chi! If you want a quality Chicago hot dog there a sooooo many other places to go. Super Dawg, Hot Doug's, and Jean and Judes just to name a few, are far better than Portillos. Granted, I like some of the Barnellis offerings but on the Portillos side, a lack of quality, taste, and "love" is missing from their food. And don't get me started on the Portillos downtown Chicago location.....absolutly, positively the worst one out of all of them. The service, drive thru, and quality of the food is sub par at best. Maybe the owner/owners pay more attention to their suburban locations. Who knows? Oh, one more thing, if you're from Chicago and you put ketchup on a hot dog, and you're not 12 years old or younger, you need to move to another city! LOL!I dunno if it's a good Chicago-style hot dog compared to the other ones out there, but I can't tell the difference. If you get "everything on it," you'll definitely get a chicago-style hot dog.best hot dogs in chicago!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Definitely a must for tourists.  Known as one of the best hot dog joints, and it delivers!  The service is a pretty sweet deal--they take your order in line.  Since it was my first (and only) time there, I went all out and ordered a jumbo chili dog and a jumbo dog.   Filled me up good!pretty good, but can't say i'm crazy about it.  i enjoyed the chicago style hot dogs.Yum.  The chili cheese dog and fries was que bueno!  Wife got the polish sausage and shake... not as good.Big glass of beer and great tasting hot dogs/italian sausage, what more can you ask for? Cafeteria style setting. Comfortable. Must-go place in Chicago.heck yea! quick and delicious chicago dogs!  not as good as hot doug's but totally worth it.This place is great, and I would definitely come back for the kitschy ambiance. I had the Italian beef sandwich with sweet and hot peppers, dipped. It was yummy. I also had requested mozzarella cheese, which I paid for but did not get. That is why this a 3 stars instead of the 4 it deserves. But alas a service error is a service error, and deserving of -1 stars.Where do I start? walking into the place is like stepping back in time. it has that old 30-40 gangster theme going. i think that's the right time period. it has seating on the main level and then a second level, great for groups. I stop in portilios ever other month. The burgers and dogs are always great. The fresh cooked fries with just a little bit of salt I love. However, each time I try the italian beef I am highly disappointed. The beef has this taste that makes me feel Im eating meat that is really old. I guess Ill have to find another place for beef. The prices are very affordable, unless your on that dollar menu diet. your order is out to you pretty fast. I give 3 starts for decor and the other menu items plus great staff. I think they call her big momma, but whenever she is working I know things will be great. She makes sure the place is running top notch. You do get a nice amount for your buck.now thats a damn good system : best EXTREMELY packed drive through experience ever.Solid Dawgs and Sausages.Great food and great way to get two of Chicago favorites in one place. Hot dogs and italian beef sandwich. Did some research in advance of coming to Chicago. This was referred by locals and they were right! Great food! Only negative is that it felt a little too "touristy".Love the Italian beef, like the hot dogs. Service has always been very friendly at all locations. I usually go to the one on Clark, across from the gigantic McDonald's.My favorite place for a quick bite. This is a newly found local gem... I love their sausage/chili combo.I was searching for a nearby hotdog spot and ended up here.  I was expecting a hotdog joint, but it felt more like a mall foodcourt.  The hotdog was mediocre, but the atmosphere was terrible.Great Italian beef and hot dogs.  I love the fries and onion rings from here too. The drive thru is always packed but the food come pretty quick.  I don't go in the place often because the parking situation here is brutal.Get their FISH SANDWICH if you don't want a hot dog. Very delicious, fresh, and cheap!This one is for the tourists.  Best beef in Chicago.  You are welcome.They have an extensive, almost overwhelming menu, but they truly do everything well.  Burger is my favorite, but they do have a great beef too.It's the extras that make their hotdogs so special.I loved the food the hot dogs, the cake...the fries...it was just delicious. I know understand why all the locals kept telling me to go. Its a Chicago experience.  Totally worth the wait in line!the pasta is fantastic.  always served hot hot hotwent here because of my friend's recommendation.  prior to this, i had eaten at tasty dog and was disappointed with chicago dogs.  thank god portillo's saved me.  this was a great hot dog and an even better italian beef sandwich.  i don't have much to compare it to, but i really like the place.  i was told to try the chocolate cake, but i was too full after the dog and beef.  not sure if this particular portillo's was the one ii ate it, but the place was huge and the lines were really long, but it moved fast.I'm from Detroit and never miss a trip or two to Portillo's when we are in Chicago.  In fact as soon as we check in to our room we always head right there for lunch.  Their hot dogs loaded up are out of this world.  The atmosphere is really fun too.Everything here is great. Get the jumbo dog, one of the best traditional dogs in the city. The beef n cheddar croissant is awesome as well with hot peppers. The big beef, good stuff.  Cheese fries are among the best.  I always find my way here, probably monthlyMy first meal in The Windy City.  The Italian beef sandwiches and the hotdogs were awesome.  Nice ambience, loud people and good food.  Pretty kewl for a chain.Ehhh.  Maybe I had more expectations than I should have.   The hot dogs are good, but slightly on the generic side.   The prices are very good here though and it is a fun atmosphere; kind of touristy.   There is a lot of variety.I went there on Friday 6/15 based on Yelp reviews for the Italian beef... Wow you guys were right my sandwich was great... I had it double dipped and wasn't disappointed.. If you're in Chicago definitely stop by Portillo's... It's counter service but the interior is fun and they serve beer !Read the reviews.  Took the walk from the Hard Rock Hotel. Ten minutes later I'm eating the beef sandwich with sweet peppers.  Perfect.Oh Portillos, you are so yummy you don't need a #1 Beef at the end of your name to let people know you reign as king of beef in this town. I am forever thankful for Dick Portillo for living the American dream and expanding his hot dog stand on North Ave. in Villa Park to over 20 locations in the Chicago Land area...and 2 in California to date. Yeah, Barnelli's is cool too and has been a hit since Dick introduced it, good pasta and salads, but real Chicagoans go for the beef (Hot Dogs or Italian Beef) When they visit Portillos. I enjoy a hot dog every now and then, Portillos has an outstanding one, but the real reason I come here is for the Italian Beef (No peppers, Wet, and Gravy on the side to be exact). Nothing but juicy, soggy, beefy goodness. The beef here is consistent, the gravy has just the right seasoning and the beef is always of good quality with a good ratio on the roll so you never feel that even though the business is expanding they are skimping like some places do. I take every who comes to visit me here, acting like a proud mama of how good the place is. Onion rings here are also a must when I visit. Not to doughy, sweet batter and not over or under done. They have lots of choices on their menu of different kinds of street food, I have ventured a few times from the beef, and it's always good, but its no Italian Beef.  A plus in my book is that they sell beer and wine and do have outdoor seating when it's nice out.Just dropped by portillio's to try my first Chicago dog during my recent visit to Chicago. I've had plenty of Chicago dogs on the west coast, was eager to try one in the city, and I wasn't disappointed. At first glance it looked a bit smaller then I was used to, but after the first bite I was hooked, and with those prices you might as well order two! I found the restaurant itself a bit interesting I felt like I was the fair, it was nice and very lively during lunch hour. During the visit I found out that they had a southern California location; I will be visiting soon.This place is awesomeeeeeeee starting from their salads, hot dogs drinks and frozen custards. I love their chargrilled Italian sausage and mai tai's. I wish they had a chain somewhere here in DC. Seriously its so good to be true!Real Chicago Landmark! Best Beef and hot dogs! I think the burgers are phenomenal but I think the best item on the menu is the Beef.Surprisingly the two times that I've been here I never had the dogs...though I did have the croissant chicken sandwich. I have to come back here!I ordered the Italian Beef Sandwich and it was so oily that I couldn't finish it.Good eats. Would definitely go back. Got their "Chicago Dog"How does this place only have an average of 4 stars?  Are you people insane?  Best food ever.  I live in the west coast now and the first thing I think of when I get home is eating here.  Hotdogs are so good, hamburgers are out of this world, beef is awesome, and the cheese fries are the best!  Love the place---ever since I was a little girl.  Portillos for life!!!  :)if you dont give this place 5 stars youre not an americani like to do the eating here. i like ze cheeseburger, ze cheese fry, ze hot dog, ze milkshake, and ze chocolate cake. i also like ze drive thru.whenever i'm in chicago, this is a must.  it doesn't really get any better than this for guilty pleasures.  i've had the dogs in the past but this time opted for the italian beef and sweet peppers.  as always, the bread, meat, and peppers were perfect.  not sure what else i can say other than this truly is one of my all time faves!while the chicago dog is very good, i go for the italian beef....killer!....awesome italian food as well and cold beer in a frosted mug.....a very fun place, kinda like a disneyland for food...the staff is great and helpful...a true chicago must!the chicago style hot dog... is the worst kind of hot dog. beef sandwich was just okay, chilli cheese hot dog.... not good. fries not good... why do places that are so busy...raking in the money cant bother to make fresh fries, stop being so lazy.simply portillos the best fast food restaurant in USA big menu everything is delicious.My first experience with a Chicago Italian Beef.  My friend and I went to the original Portillo's on Ontario St. which was recommended by a friend who lives in Chicago.    Wow, very big bustling place~also home to Barnelli's restaurant.  NOT the authentic stand at the counter and eat like a slop place which was a bit disappointing and what I had been anticipating.   I ordered the beef, dipped, hot, with mozzarella. I must say the beef was tender and plentiful, but seemed to lack in flavor.  The giardiniera had just enough bite but not overkill. I really couldn't taste or even see the cheese so I wouldn't add it on again. The only thing was the gravy (well, and the beef too)  Again, they just lacked in flavor, period.   I guess I was expecting the gravy  to be a bit thicker and richer.  Maybe I should have ordered it wet AND dipped?   Fries were excellent, and my Fat Tire beer was a great companion for this meal :)   All in all it was a fun and fairly tasty experience, but definitely very commercialized.   I must say the waitstaff were very friendly and fast, kept the long line moving quickly.  Next time I will try Mr. Beef, or maybe one of the smaller "off the beaten path" places.3.5, if possible.  portilo dog was great, beef sandwhich--OK.  in hindsight, i wish i had it "dipped" or "wet."  it was def missing something; in fact, i went back to the counter and asked what people actually order it with, because it needed mustard or something.  the guy suggested mustard (i wish he would have said "dipped.")  in which case, this place probably would have received at least four stars from me.  last, the chocolate cake shake was amazing (five stars for that)!simply the best hotdogs and itilian beef in chicago!