This was our Favorite place that we ate during our stay in New Orleans.  We were seated right away on a scorching NOLA afternoon, and our waitress quickly brought us water to quench our thirst and took our drink orders.I ordered a Bloody Mary, and an Abita Amber, and my wife a coke. Let me tell you that Bloody Mary was possibly the best i have had!! We ordered the famed seafood gumbo for our appetizer, and I ordered the shrimp/oyster combo po'boy, and my wife the blackened chicken po'boy. The gumbo was perfect, and our sandwiches delicious. Mine was chock full of oysters and shrimp, and my wife couldn't finish hers there was so much chicken. In fact, at the vacations end she said that was the best thing she ate our whole trip !I strongly reccomend dining here ! Its a bit of a hike from the French Quarter, but its worth it! Even in the extreme heat of a New Orleans summer !!Eat Here !!!!!This place is like Buzz Lightyear good..."To Infinity and Beyond!"We were a pretty good sized group, going in 8 deep, beating the rush and stuffing our faces with the many great entrees.Most of us had the Coop's Taste Plate, which is a must...just order it already.  The rabbit & sausage jambalaya is delicious in an uncanny way. A mix of rabbit (Yea I said rabbit) and sausage mixes so well...by far my favorite jamabalya that I have had.  After the previous night we all shared, it was fantastic coming into this establishment sharing stories, interacting with the great staff here, and enjoying good food.This place should be shut down! There is NO concept of sanitation here, they sat us at the bar with spilled drink on it, the area  was infested with fruit flies, and the bathroom had cockroaches.I had seen enough, I left without trying to food. If thats what the eating area looks like, imagine the kitchen. Also, the blonde hair bartender was very rude to us when we requested to change seats. The only reason it gets 1 star is because you can't do 0.Now coops place came recommended by a security guard on bourbon street we wereOn search of good eats and was directed here.Initial thought when stepping in here just an ordinary dive bar that happens to sell food.Oh it is lol but the cooking just had a home cooked feel about it.I forgot our waiters name but he had a lot of character real personable with a big attitude.I ordered the taste plate .. Full of flavor taste like an aunt cooking out of her kitchen. Real comfort food there are no complaints.My friends ordered the chicken with Tasso meal and raved about it. I don't eat pork so I didn't indulge but they were very pleased..Go here for a comfortable down home cooked meal .. You will def feel the culture of the Nola through the plate here.The long line to get a table, or inside the restaurant for that matter, was no deterrent. I had heard great things and was determined to try it. The place looks a bit divey at first but it was charmingly and unapologetically "New Orleans". We sat at the bar, ordered a couple beers and placed our orders with the bartender. Fried chicken with a side of rabbit gumbo...Hands down, the best friend chicken I have had since moving to NOLA.Ignore the people that say its too divey or too dirty. It's not. It is exactly what a New Orleans restaurant should be. Fast, friendly, entertaining, and a bit rough around the edges. Id recommend you try it but I don't want the lines to get any longer. So, go someplace else and leave all this deliciousness for me.The service is ehhh... I tried the coops taste plate which came with jumbalaya, gumbo, fried chicken,red beans and rice and shrimp creole along with the crab jalaepena peppers. I was so incredibly unimpressed!!! Thee ONLY good thing about this place was the gumbo. The jumbalaya was the most disappointing for me. It was really sweet.?? . the peppers were the second. The crab meat on the inside was flavorless and mushy. Red beans and rice also very bland. Also, if planning to go with a group or even as a duo, have cash on hand. When you hand her two seperate cards, she will throw them back at you and say - 'we dont split checks here' as she is moving to serve the next table. Needless to say, when i return to the big easy, i will NOT be partaking at the coop.Ok so my experience here starts with a quick joke!Two olives sat in a glass on the bar...Bar tender goes over and takes them out and sets them on the bar... Goes to wash the glass.The one olive looks at the other olive and decides to explore but accidentally falls off the bar... The other olive rolls to the edge and looks down..."Are you ok?" He saysThe other olive looks up :)"Olive!" He saysBahahahaha!!! Eat here if you get a chance! So glad I had good friends from here to recommend the place! Thanks April! Thank you Jason for making it happen! Food is amazing! Drinks are tasty! Bloody Mary heaven!!!  Pickled green beans are awesome! Our waitress Marisa was a doll!!! Thank You!Dirty atmosphere, lackluster service and mediocre food that was not worth the long wait to get in. Went here based on a recommendation from a friend and this was by far the worst dining experience we have had since we have been in New Orleans. We were seated at a larger, communal table and ordered drinks. After getting our drinks, we were told we would need to move to another table next to us, so a group of 8 could sit together. Not a huge deal, but the staff could have asked us if we minded moving (which of course was not a problem) rather than telling us that we had to move. That made it annoying. Cleanliness was also an issue here. A trip to the bathroom made me question whether to even eat the food, as cockroaches were present. I get that the place is old, but it felt as if there were layers of grime on everything. I'm definitely not the kind of person that is picky about only eating in clean restaurants, and I'd have been willing to overlook the dirty atmosphere if the food had actually been good, but it wasn't. We ordered the smoked duck quesadilla (recommended by a friend), and it was very tasty. We also ordered the fried chicken, oyster po boy and jambalaya. The fried chicken was legit. Perfectly crispy. However, our order was small compared to the same size order the couple seated next to us received. A staff member who brought us our food had long hair hanging in his face and no hair net, and had headphones in, both of which seemed unprofessional in my opinion. The jambalaya was disgusting. Tasted as if it had been sitting all day and was way overly spiced and not in a good, flavorful spice way. I would not go back or recommend this place. I give it 1 star because of the two food items we enjoyed.Great food! The rabbit & sausage jambalaya was great, and the jambalaya pasta was AMAZING, especially if you're looking for a smaller portion.The restaurant itself was pretty crowded when we were there, and it's hard to get to the restroom, but the food was so great I didn't mind.I ordinarily don't go to dive places but hey, I was on vacation.Cajun fried chicken is really popular here. It comes with a small portion of rabbit and sausage jambalaya too, for those who want to try it here. I tried the two piece plate since I wasn't that hungry. The chicken skin was amazing (well fried, well seasoned) but the inside was too dry for my taste. Jambalaya was a bit dry too. I couldn't really taste the rabbit in it either since it seemed like it was almost completely rice.Staff was a bit ratchet, taking drinks with customers sitting at the bar and shouting randomly. They only took my order though so I didn't have to deal with them much, and my food was brought out by someone in the kitchen.I also think my experience could have also been a bit better if I wasn't sitting next to some super awkward guy trying to buy drinks for college-age girls. But I guess that's what you get at places like this.This place was totally fun for the atmosphere. The staff was cool and even forthcoming with shots of Jameson. I expected the food to be much more impressive, though. I ordered the fried crab claws to start (amazing), but the Coopers Taste platter that followed left a ton to be desired. I wouldn't go back for the food, but the bar tenders were kick ass, and for them, I would return. My advice? Come here after dinner for a few beers and kick back.This place is super divey. The host is a bouncer. Don't cross the disappearing white line on the sidewalk when waiting at the door, and don't expect to be walked to your seat. Just follow the pointed finger. Drinks come in plastic cups. The bathroom is... jacked (for a lack of better words). The soap dispenser is broken. The paper towel dispenser is broken. The toilet is wobbly. Graffiti covers the door and walls. Despite all that, this place is freaking fantastic. The food is phenomenal. The rabbit and sausage jambalaya supreme is out of this world. A-ma-zing. I only give 4 stars for the ridiculously long wait for food. Worth it, though.If you only read one sentence about Coop's, read this one: go, but go during off hours when there's not a line.Coop's is a great bar and restaurant, but its fame has resulted in long waits that are disproportionately longer than the prize at the end.  Sure, it once set the gold standard for down-to-earth cajun food, but there are lots of good French Quarter options, and to be honest, it's kind of hit-or-miss.  I've had phenomenal jambalaya, fantastic gumbos, outstanding red beans and rice, and some of the best blackened gulf fish of my life here.  But I've also tasted pretty average fried chicken, received food that came out room temperature or colder, and tried ordering drinks on nights where it seemed like they were out of more items than they had in stock.Also, there's a decent chance that had a health inspector been there the last time I visited, there'd be no Coop's Place anymore (saw some large rats in the dining room, and the waitress seemed pretty annoyed at one of my dinner companions for pointing it out).All that said, the next time I'm in New Orleans, I'll probably be back.  If you go at the right time (between lunch and dinner) and order the right things (e.g., blackened fish and gumbo and jambalaya if it's hot), you can easily have a 5-star experience here.  It's just a matter of knowing what to do and not to do.In my photo I am Making love to the drumstick. I do like this busy little NOLA dive place! The fried chicken is sooo good and also the rabbit jambalaya (shrimp creole was blah). Nice bar too although it was packed Good service the first time ****HOWEVER**** supremely shitty service the second time I went. I'm not a pretentious prick as a customer or person. But since the waiter was very rude,  I wrote feedback on my receipt. The douche "manager" ran to throw the receipt in a garbage can as I walked out. So mature, sir. Please call me when your testicles finally descend.Besides that, I would still go back to Coops for the taste of NOLA platter.  It is also $13...That's a good dealGood food.  I got the rice and beans with porkchop paired with a purple haze Ambita.  I would stop by again; however, what's up with the rude service?Went on a recommendation of a friend.  Right off the bat, there is a line (a good thing) so get a drink at Molly's up the way (Frozen Coffee is a good one. I got mine with a shot of whiskey) and bring it back to the line.  And if you want a seat sooner, get comfortable with shared seating.  If you want something more intimate, you're gonna wait, and wait, then wait some more, and probably wander off somewhere else. GOOD!  That'll bump me up in the line.  Once seated the smells get you excited.  Nothing fancy about the decor, just a nice dive with wonderful smells of food, the sound of laughing patrons and utensils slamming against plates, cuz folks be eating.My friend told me to try their "famous jambalaya" as it is "done right".  Oddly enough I was not a fan.  Perhaps its because it's made with rabbit and since this is the first I've had rabbit, I'm gonna chalk it up to that.  There were hints of sweet that I just couldn't get past.  However, the grilled lamb ribs w/ pepper jam appetizer will make you come back.  I got a oyster sandwich which was great.  My girlfriend got shirmp/crawfish sandwich which she enjoyed very much.  The jambalaya was shared but she wound up eating it.  As we ate we saw we cheated ourselves by eating simple sandwiches based on what the other patrons were eating.  So we promised to come back.On that trip (two days later), we got the ribs again, and I got the fried chicken and red beans...my gal got the fried chicken with jambalaya.  I was really hoping she'd get something else so I can trying something else off the menu.  But when she ordered first, I was so hell bent on the chicken that I wasn't gonna change my mind.  Plus she had that look like she wasn't gonna share either, so I ordered the chicken as well.  And yes, she has a look for that...I'm wondering if she did that for the same reason too.  The chicken is amazing, juicy and well seasoned.  Salty but not too salty.  Spiced real nicely.  The red beans and rice were great, hot, seasoned so well and the huge sausage links in the middled made the really made it a meal in and of itself.  It complimented the chicken wonderfully.  I was very satisfied with my meals and look forward on going back to try more.Went to Coop's Place Saturday night for dinner. We were jonesin for Po Boys and everyone said this place and Johnny's were the best spots in the French Quarter. After a brief wait in line, we were seated with another party of 4 at a community table. We placed our drink orders and chatted about our trip and plans to hit Bourbon street later on. So our food comes and everything looks great. I ordered the Cajun fried chicken which comes with lamb/ sausage jambalaya and cole slaw, and everyone else ordered shrimp Po boys. The jambalaya was very good...spicy yes but still very good. I was worried it was going to taste "gamey"because of the rabbit but it instead tasted like..well let's just say it had the texture of chicken. My chicken was bland and dry. I couldn't eat it because it was so dry! I couldn't taste anything Cajun or spicy on the chicken so I just left it on the plate. Everyone else at the table seemed to enjoy their food so I guess they do Po boys and jambalaya right. It's funny how I've had 3 different taste of jambalaya since I've been to New Orleans. I guess everyone has their own interpretation of how it's supposed to taste. All in all it was cool. Except for the table full of drunk frat boys behind us. Yelling, chugging alcohol and just wanting to be seen I guess. But it looked like they were having the time of their lives.This was our best meal in New Orleans. It was so good we went back again. The fried chicken was hands down the best I've ever had and probably will ever have. The skin was perfectly crisp with just a light coating of batter and both times we went,  the chicken came out piping hot, so you know its fresh. We also had the rabbit and sausage jambalaya. The first time, I got the upgrade to include tasso ham and shrimp and it was phenomenal. But the second time I had it plain and it was just ok. Too much tomato-y flavor for me. I expected more of a cajun flavor rather than a creole tomato base from such a place. Also, without the upgrade, there just aren't any solid chunks of meat. The second time we went, we ordered the tasting plate which comes with seafood gumbo, fried chicken, jambalaya, red beans and rice with sausage, and shrimp creole. The gumbo was amazing.  The shrimp creole was watery, but still had a kick and the red beans and rice was ok. The chicken and jambalaya supreme are really the stars. This is where the local go to eat so it always crowded. It makes for an interesting and rowdy atmosphere. The wait staff is self described as "snarky" which is a nice way of staying that they give themselves license to be rude. Don't go here if you are easily offended. Also, they have a tendency to run out of things as it gets later in the night, so call ahead to make sure they have everything you want.Nice hole in the wall place to experience the local Nola cuisine. Their jambalaya and gumbo were awesome and I'd highly recommend getting the taste of nola platter. However the downsides are that you have to be 21 to enter and their is no beer on tap.This was my favorite restaurant one in NOLA! I really wanted to go back, but the stomach couldn't handle anymore food at that point...=PYes, the wait is long but it is so worth it! All first timers should start with the taste plate.  It's a no brainer! The fried chicken was SOOO good.  It's not on the menu but you order that a la carte if you're in the mood for 2nds and 3rds like we were...=P==The Lowdown== Super late night spot where you can get your fried food on.Another well known street in New Orleans is Decatur and that nice walk will have you by the businesses alongside the Mississippi River. It's also the walk to get to the more well known jazz bars. We hit this spot on our way back from a drunken night of some classic New Orleans jazz. There were a few drunkies left over at the bar, but there are also scattered tables about where the waiters might serve you...if not you'll need to holler.-=-Fried Crawfish Platter-=- Fried fried super fried. Really one order of these was enough fried-ness for two people. Every single thing on our plate was fried from french fries to the crawfish. By the end of this meal, you'll be wanting a sponge to soak up all the oil you ate. Seriously, share this plate and get something else. You don't wanna be swimming in the oil...that's what the Mississippi River is for.Went there for the first time last night after living in New Orleans for the better part of 4 years. FANTASTIC! The servers, bartenders and even cooks were all very friendly and relaxed. The service was great and believe it or not, the food was even better! I ordered the Seafood Cajun Pasta and my friend had the Fried Chicken. Both plates were flawless. I asked my roommate about this place before I went and he is the most honest-to-God Cajun guy I know. He said that the jambalaya there was even better then how his mamma made it. I am recommending this place to all of my customers!If you know what a Dive Bar is; this is the equivalent to a Dive Restaurant. It is known for its fried chicken and I suggest the you order that. The other meals are just O.K. It's popular because you get a good inexpensive meal and that is hard to find in New Orleans. It's located near the French Market, not too far from Bourbon Street and an easy walk from pretty much anywhere in the French Quarter. Don't drive because parking is a nightmare. If you can't walk, take a taxi. You won't enjoy the experience if you are too critical. Remember, this is New Orleans.One star for almost trying. Little to no service was given outside of the obligatory order taking and single water refill. although the menu was enticing, my 6 ounces rabbit jambalaya looked like it was in a fridge for 4 days and pitifully reheated in a microwave. Not worth the 12 bucks and no side. Although I realize that it's a dirty dive establishment at the ass end of the quarter, the table we sat down at wasnt even fit for sanitary eating. Save yourself and make the 3 block trip to verti marte or stay home and order take out for better service from a delivery driver.Pasta Jambalaya. Creole green beans. That's all you need to know. Hands down, one of the best meals I've ever had. Now, when on the hunt for lunch in Nola, I honestly wouldn't have given this place a second thought when just passing by. However, we were a hungry group of 6 and one of hungriest found this place on yelp, so we ventured in. My stomach and I were pleasantly surprised and pleased :) The server was less than personable, but I had green beans drenched in bacon, so my experience wasn't dampened!!Don't go to Coops if you don't have the time,  but if you have a sense of humor and worship good food, DO go, please. If you do go, I hope you appreciate the nature of the beast: rowdy, communal, enabling (they won't stop your New Orleans partying, only complete it further). If you do go, I hope you don't expect fast service, and I hope you don't arrive hungry. Do order the gumbo, do order the fried chicken, or the red beans and rice. It isn't fancy, it isn't fast, but it's down and dirty food in a down and dirty location in  the middle of the action, and it is cheap.  I waffled between three and four stars but decided on four because it made my unpleasable parents very happy, and that says something. Personally, the slow service made it a little more three-star for me, but what the heck, go try it anyway!My friends and I stopped here while on a road trip. We really loved the food! It was amazingly crowded and we had to share a table with a guy who ate and made noises like jabba the hut...which made for a great memory, but it was gross. Anyways, it's as authentic as you can get in NOLA, I suppose :)Crazy great red beans and rice! Ran outside and started break dancing afterwards ! Who dat!Fried chicken on a Friday night. First time it came out, it was bloody and undercooked. The server was super nice, and brought out another plate. This time, well cooked, but over needed seasoning. I would not come back for the fried chicken.The moment I landed, a few locals were bias on Coop's place. I found the Restaurant at 9  and decided I try the specialty. I ordered the fried chicken platter and I must say, I should have went to KFC. What a disappointment!!! Chicken was dry food was cold the batter stuck to oil that was means they did not change it forWeeks. I went to the restroom out on the patio to freshen up and had to huddle over trash left all over that was rotting. Unprofessional bartenders. Dive bar doesn't have to be this awful. Go to willy Mays skip this off your bucket list.We went here despite mediocre reviews of this place on Yelp! (although the written reviews had some with high praise, the average was 'meh') because the line outside was long and someone told us the "food was worth it". Score: Yelp +1. Random Stranger 0.The food was indeed incredibly mediocre. In a Creole/Cajun/Seafood dining paradise, that's a fail. The divey atmosphere wasn't a problem.The creole shrimp was basically bland spaghetti-O's-like sauce poured on  overcooked shrimp. I had to pour a lot of tobasco on it to give it any kick. The shrimp remoulade was a green salad, rubbery tomatoes and those tiny salad shrimp with a "that's not remoulade" sauce. Basically, it was a shrimp salad you'd get at a supermarket deli freezer. The red beans and rice was actively a bit questionable.Overall, I was far from impressed. The only explanation for some glowing reviews is that out-of-towners are so wowed by Cajun/Creole cooking that even poor examples seem impressive.Frankly, the only reason I'm not giving it one star is that I reserve this for a combination of hostile service -- which while inattentive it wasn't -- and food that is not just mediocre/poor but terrible (and/or made me sick).On an upside, while in line we met a couple of real characters and ended up sharing a table with them which made for an interesting experience. Because the place is pretty small, this might happen often... which is a plus in my book.We were told to try Coop's Place by a local. It is definitely a dive! The staff was friendly and service was great. We had the Taste Plate and the Italiano Pasta. Great flavors! Probably the best place we've eaten so far.Definitely one of those hole in the wall places you see and hear about. A friend recommended it to me and I was willing to try, so I headed there for lunch.The wait staff was really nice and personable and it seems like they have good daily specials. I had the shrimp creole and it was good... Though the shrimp wasn't that fresh tasting. A friend of mine had the jambalaya and the rabbit was a little over cooked. The fried chicken was great though! Prices were also fair, but I didn't try any alcoholic drinks. For a small place, it was pretty full for lunch, and I heard someone talking about having lines outside the door.We went there at 2AM craving for some fried chicken. OMG! They gave us 6 pieces of chickens for free bc the kitchen was closed. I dont know that was the best fried chicken I ever had. We went there again for the next day after. Service there is really good too. If you ever visit Nola, you must go here for their fried chicken. I'm sure you wont get dissapointed!!Fried oysters !!!!  I was kind of torn between three and four stars, but based on the atmosphere (crowded, noisy and fun) and the amazing fried oysters I went for the latter.  I asked a former local where to eat what the locals eat, and he recommended Coop's.  I also had the Jambalaya and my brother had the sampler plate.  All were good in my humble northern California opinion.  Fried chicken was crisp outside and moist inside.  Red beans and rice A-OK.  They pour a stiff drink and the perpetual line out front moves at a decent pace.Check Y'all next time you're in town.Loved this place. Went on a local's recommendation for a late night bite. Total dive place (which I love being from Austin). Friendly, laid back staff. We had the crab stuffed jalepeno poppers, bayou appetizer & rabbit/sausage jambalaya. All were great but the real standout was the rabbit & sausage jambalaya. Delicious!  Super flavorful, moist with plenty of the meats. Would definitely return here when in the Frenchman area.Rude staff! Only establishment in New Orleans that doesn't serve Adults with infants. Wouldn't go back if I was by myself! What a joke!waitresses were not professional.....at all......tables were dirty.  The fried appetizer plate was just that.....fried food.Went here during a trip to NOLA in May 2014. We'd read reviews here that this was the spot for good authentic Cajun eats, and found that to be true-ish. Had a few issues with it though. First of all, perhaps regulars are familiar with the arrangement, but their method of seating is extremely confusing. People were lined up outside the door when we arrived around 8pm, so we asked one of them and were told that yes, we need to line up, so we did, behind about 3 groups of people. About 10min later, the hostess came out the door and yelled "two people!" and nobody in the line replied, so she yelled it again. Confused, I offered "um, we're two people" and she yelled "well speak up jeez!" and vanished into the restaurant. We tried following her in, still confused, but making the assumption that a table for two was up. We noticed her over along the wall at an empty 2-seater gesturing for us to hurry up, so we sat down. Again, still a bit confused. Had we just cut in front of the other people outside? Is this a normal way of seating people? We just sat down, shrugged, and started looking at the menu. During our meal, we saw many other confused people who came into the restaurant (if there were no people waiting in line outside you'd naturally just enter the restaurant) only to get yelled at to wait in line outside.... Just weird. Has Coop's ever heard of maybe putting up a sign??? We looked around when leaving for such a sign, but nope. Do they think visitors to NOLA are psychic, or enjoy feeling confused and getting yelled at?? Terrible. As for the venue, it's a gross, dirty dive. I'm still undecided on how I feel about this fact. The table was sticky, the menus were sticky, the floor hadn't been mopped in about 20 years, and the restrooms... yikes. They're out back, in an actual alley, and bring back horrible memories of a porta-potty at a state fair. But as a bonus, while you squat over the wobbly toilet to pee, you can smell the delicious Cajun aromas of the jambalaya they cook out there, in the back alley, in a big barrel, 20 feet from the toilets. Gross, or authentic? Still undecided. An lady waiting behind me for the restroom was incredulous at the nastiness and told me she was leaving and that I should too, so there's that. The food was decent, but nothing amazing. Yes, it's authentic from what I could tell, but I do suspect that they could make authentic, delicious food in a cleaner environment!! We had the duck quesadilla, which was actually terrible and tasteless and hard with little to no discernible duck meat. And we had the jambalaya pasta, which was quite delicious. But again, not really worth the filth. A very interesting experience overall, but I would not go back.The chicken tchoupitoulas is awesome, as well as the pasta jambalaya. I tell every tourist to visit here. Great food, and Judah is nothing short of a badass.Great, no-hassle choice for a late casual seafood dinner, perfect for giving those out-of-town friends the taste of LA without venturing into the tourist trap part of the quarter or breaking the bank!Seafood sampler is the way to go for me!  It's a fried, seafood platter with a twist, and not too big.Ohhh so good. I had the blackened red fish and a couple bloody Marys which were recommended by a friend who loves this place. I usually take food recommendations while traveling with a grain of salt- if I have to travel too far out of my way, I probably won't. But the person who recommended this  place is one of a handful of folks I really really trust when it comes to good food. I was not disappointed. The bloody Mary was a little puny looking, but once I drank it, I saw the light. If the drink is great, it doesn't need a bunch of fancy shit- the drink speaks for itself. And it did. It whispered in my ear that I should come to NOLA more often and I assured it that I'd do my best. The fish was probably one of the top two meals I had in NOLA and I will definitely be back next time I visit. For. Sure. Yummm. We had a party of seven, and the wait was pretty long. But if you can wait, do it. Absolutely worth it and cool vibe inside.Umm, can I give zero stars? Is that possible? First of all, they make you stand outside and yell at you if you try to walk in. Here's a new concept to the restaurant business: A HOSTESS. Seriously, these waitresses make everyone uncomfortable by screaming. Nobody wants to hear that while they are eating.MONSTER cockroaches on the walls, they were running all over. Then my food was cold. We sent it back and I got a plate of beans--which I didn't even order.Then a cockroach crawled up my leg, I kid you not. It was the size of a hamster.AAND  that's when we left- disgusted.*******EAT HERE!!!! *******Stop yelpingShame on me for the late review. Ate here twice last year and it does not disappoint. We are Creole so authentic food means a lot to us! The food here is great! Large portions, hot food and flavor beyond flavor. Service is great and the atmosphere is down home New Orleans. Fried chicken is juicy and crispy with great seasoning. The Taso is made there and smoky good. Pasta Jambalaya is HOLY CRAP AMAZING! Seafood Gumbo with dark roux is delish. PO boys are good but get the food food. Rabbit Jambalaya-WOOOOOO!!!Amazing food! The fried chicken and Cajun jambalaya can only be described as spectacular. Very affordable. And they don't allow anyone under 21 in, so you won't have do deal with annoying children.Known for their fried chicken, but didn't notice anything too special about it.  Order two pieces of dark meat and was surprised they weren't moist.  Shockingly, the f.c. I get at Popeyes is juicier.  =/  The batter was really thin and not as crispy as I'd liked it to be.  I'm not sure what was going on, but I wouldn't come back here.Great late food and bar. Had dinner around 10pm, so it was a bit loud with the music jukebox. Ordered the red beans and rice with fried chicken....amazing!! Both had a kick that I enjoyed and the chicken was juicy! Would return, but perhaps before the night crowd comes out. Out waitress was very friendly and accommodating.We stopped here because we wanted cajun food. At 8:00pm we had a wait of almost one hour. My party of six was seated at a long table with room for strangers at the end. We struggled with fruit flies, deafening music, miniature drinks, an air conditioner dripping on the table, and HORRIBLE service. I doubt the waitress was concerned since her 20% gratuity was guaranteed due to our party size. Perusing the menu, the prices seemed reasonable and selection was good. When the meal arrived, I was disappointed with the portion size which explained the "reasonable" prices. The food was mediocre at best. We definitely had better cuisine in NOLA for not much more. I recommend skipping this place.I love this place! Every time I come back to NOLA I make time to visit.It's at the beginning of Decatur St. in the French quarter and yeah, you might have to wait in line outside for a bit, but the food is worth it!NOTE - NO ENTRANCE TO ANYONE UNDER 21 !!!Must try - Bayou Appetizer (good for several people, it's huge!) Cajun Fried Chicken (according to my co-diner - the BEST FRIED CHICKEN he's EVER had!) and a Rabbit & Sausage Jambalaya (the one that keeps me coming back every time!)Anyway, go there and try things - but leave the kids at home! ;)Coop's was exactly what my friends and I were looking for when we went to New Orleans - tasty, affordable food at a great price .  We enjoyed it so much that we went for dinner and breakfast on our trip.  As a food lover visiting a city of decadence, this says a lot about the goodness that Coop's can whip up.The atmosphere is very dive-y, and you MUST be 21+ to enter - no exceptions! The menu is written on a giant chalkboard, and the tables/chairs are wooden and a bit rickety.  Come to Coop's for the food, beer, and friendly servers, not a long, drawn out, romantic dinner.Now let's get down to business...-The gumbo was very tasty.  Although it wasn't as thick as others, I really enjoyed the okra and crab!-The fried chicken was awesome! The 2 piece meal is enough to fill ladies and gentlemen up-The Cajun Pasta was great.  The sauce wasn't crazy spicy, but it had a kick.  There was a lot of tasso (ham), shrimp,crawfish, and oysters - no scrimping!  The artichokes and mushrooms were a great touch as well.Also a tip - they don't have a waiting area inside, so if it seems like there's a line out the door, don't be fooled! There are probably just 2-3 groups waiting ahead of you.NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!But really. Don't. Don't even listen to the positive reviews. If AHS: Coven were accurate, Queenie would have gone here when she went to Hell, not a chicken shop.Nothing fancy. Just straight up Creole and Cajun home cooking. The place ain't pretty, but don't let that fool you. Definitely worth a try.Don't go expecting fancy, but the taste plate as a late dinner is hard to beat.I thought this place would be good after reading the reviews but it was not good at all. People that like the food here must not know what Cajun/creole food is supposed to be like. I ordered jambalaya and it tasted like mush that lacked flavor and the gumbo was watered down. There are places that have much better food.I first learned about this place from a local, so I thought it had to be off-the-hizzle amazing. Then I read the raving reviews, and I had my hopes up. I wanted to taste the "best fried chicken ever", and it turned out to be just okay. I got the cajun chicken 3 pieces -- they gave us a thigh, drumstick, and a breast. They were decent, but certainly not the best I've ever had.* Disappointment ensued. It came with rabbit and sausage jambalaya, and I was curious about how it would taste. It was okay. The best thing we ate was the duck quesadilla. Get that if you come here! Oh, and gumbo.*I actually went to Popeye's after and they were much better. And that is sad.I love this place. Depending on what time I arrive in New Orleans, I usually head to one of two places to eat. If it's in the morning, I'll head to Elizabeth's and have some of their heart stopping praline bacon and if its at any other time of the day, I head to Coop's Place. Some friends are in New Orleans this weekend and my mind inexorably began wandering to that amazing fried chicken, rabbit jambalaya, and gumbo. I'm literally salivating at my desk and there's nothing local in Los Angeles that can come close to satisfying this hunger. I can't wait to get back!The Emperor has no clothes! There, someone had to say, and even now I feel strangely a little guilty, almost unpatriotic, giving Coop's Place a 2 star rating. I guess that's because the media and T.V. shows have built this place up to a legendary status (Andrew Zimmerman and such). I also guess that my guilt stems from all those countless 5 star reviews by other Yelpers..I mean, surely they must be right? But I guess the biggest reason is that I have had a 4 or 5 star meal at Coop's Place but that was about the same time the TV cameras started to roll; however, since the cameras, I have witnessed a steady decline.On my first trip to New Orleans, I was practically ordered by family and friends to stop in Coop's. "This place is amazing! You have to stop by for the best meal in New Orleans," they would command. Of course we did, having such delicacies as Blackend Redfish and outrageous gumbo; truly, a fantastic meal that I still remember to this day. Fast forward a year after some of the TV hype and things were not as stellar as they had once been: Gumbo good but not as good. Fast Forward  another year and my Jambalaya is a sticky, over spiced mess, and oh yes, there is some real attitude to go along with that average meal. You look around and everyone's dish looks pretty much the same, but the tourist aren't complaining because they are now dining in what they think is the Vatican of food. Hey, all those TV shows can't be wrong, right?I actually think the TV shows got it right when they first focused on Coop's Place, but since then, this whole-in-the-wall eatery has rested on its laurels. They have let themselves become blinded by the long tourist lunch line which brings on a certain attitude that is a little rude, The ironic thing is that I will most likely still pop into Coop's on my next visit to NOLA, for like some foodie junkie, I will be chasing that foodie fix of the perfect meal I once had a Coop's Place.Ahhhhhhhhh Coop's...We found this tucked away little secret of a place thanks to my Yelp app and the monocle. That thing is super handy btw, ya'll should use it.Back to the review though. There was a line. The line was sort short when we joined. The line grew like Pinocchio's nose as we waited to get in. We had no idea what to expect but the reviews on Yelp couldn't be wrong right? Right!We were serenaded on the street by a busker as we waited to get in. It was about a 20 minute wait, which would have been ok, if it hadn't been so cold.Finally we were ushered in the little black door and into a dimly lit baresque type room. There was a bar in the middle that people were seated around on stools.There were tables lining one wall for 2 seaters and the rest of the area was taken up by bigger tables for more diners.The music was really rather loud, I guess they want the more bar feel than the eating/bar thing. I was annoyed I didn't take ear plugs as you had to yell to be heard. They do however do a mean range of local beers and ales which were good fun to try. I had the plantation ale which was dark but rich and smooth. Went really well with my food too!And why I gave this place 4 stars instead of 5 is that I don't like going deaf over dinner. So if you don't mind the loud music but good food and drinks, then give this place a go.Extremely rude staff!We were excited to go here based on a local's recommendation. The first attempt we walked in and simply asked the front if they take reservations. They walked away and from a distance screamed "NO!".But we heard the food was really good. So then we went back to get takeout. They said they don't do takeout ... even though someone right next to us was being rung up with a takeout bag in hand!We finally got takeout for a shrimp and oyster po'boy. Don't get me wrong. It was fantastic. But they give TERRIBLE service there.Easily the best fried chicken I've ever had in the south, Coop's is definitely one of those go-to places frequented both by tourists and locals.  It is like creole soul food and you can't really go wrong with anything.Expect to wait in line for a table and I definitely wouldn't try to come here with a group larger than 4 people.  But the line moves fast and you can get a to-go drink from next door to keep your buzz on while you wait.Had the sampler plate. Wonderful. Don't miss out on the crabmeat stuffed jalapeños either. Service was kind, good and swift .Well worth the trip.A must try is the crab claws! Other good selection on food, fun atmosphere, local beers but service could have been better .Good food. I've been there twice (two different trips to NOLA) but definitely not up to health codes. Ha. If you don't mind spotting a potentially life size cockroach, which apparently I didn't mind, then this place is for you. HahaLet me first start by saying that I've reviewed only seven or eight (roughly) restaurants on yelp in the several years that I have been yelping. All of which I have given them 4 stars or higher. I really wanted to like this place because it was relatively cheap and the food didn't look bad but I couldn't. I was here less than a week ago on vacation when I was placed at the bar with my girlfriend. I kindly asked to switch spots because there was about five to ten flies sitting on the cups that the bartenders used to serve people. She responded "NO" I waited another five minutes when I really couldn't stand how many flies and bugs were on and near the table where food was served. I kindly asked again that I wanted to move to a different spot and that I'd sit anywhere (at least 4 open tables) and the blonde bartender said no I can't do that. After the food had been ordered, I went to the bartender for the third time and told her that I will not be eating here and that you can cancel my food. I will never stop by this place again. If it is ok to have flies and bugs all over the glasses that are served to people then this is not the place for me. I can't imagine how the kitchen looks.Very satisfied.  The kitchen is open late, the service is friendly and attentive, no kids are allowed and the drinks are strong!  We had the fried chicken (both dark and white) pieces and it was cooked perfectly. Fried okra was a special of the day and they nailed it. Light batter and no extra oil at all.  Red beans and rice as well as jambalaya for our sides rounded out the meal and both are recommendations. We came in early mid-week and had no wait at all, but the lunch crowd arriving when we left looked hungry.  Good juke box too!We absolutely LOVED this place sooooo much that we came 2 of the 3 days we were here. We basically tried the whole menu with the taste platter and shared multiple appetizers. Warning: No split checks.I loved their gumbo and their CRAWFISH ETOUFFEE. It's off the menu but it's around $10 and it is delicious! Both items are bursting with flavor and makes you wanting to eat more til your stomach bursts!! The second time we came was probably one of the highlights of our trip. We had great conversation going, good company, and some really good music. Bohemian Rhapsody was playing and everyone in the restaurant was singing along. Everyone was laughing and sighing. The waitstaff were in a super good mood and the bar tender jumped happily on the bar. Amazing delicious food and a great atmosphere. What more could you ask for!!!This place is the perfect "hole in the wall".  During the jazz festival we walked by it at least 6 tines. Thank goodness we stopped the Sampler is absolutely amazing. The gumbo had oysters shrimp crab veggies and a great flavor.The fried chicken was great.  Also on the sampler was the jambalaya.  OMG the flavors were great!Please if you eat in Nola find this placeWent again in February for my birthday. Staff was so rude that we actually left with out ordering. Sorry it took so long for this update but I am working two jobs and am very busy. We were asked to wait outside even though there were plenty of empty tables. We also asked if we could sit at the bar and were told we had to wait outside even though the bar also had numerous empty seats. So even if you are just going for drinks you must wait outside for the bar nazi to let you in. When we were leaving another couple new the city were waiting outside and decided to leave. Im not sure what is going on with this place, Such a shame because it was always a favorite of ours. The only thing keeping it alive is the constant tourist traffic. If you use yelp to make your dining experience please try some other places, There are many throughout the quarter that will welcome  your business.I was there with a group of 7 people. I had Cajun pasta and gumbo. The Cajun pasta was very good. Small portion for a New Orleans restaurant, but good. The gumbo was ok and just marginally ok... Everyone in the group liked their food, but everyone that had gumbo said the gumbo was weak and watery. Our server was nice and friendly and so was the doorman that seated customers. I did not like that they will not only not split checks, but also not accept multiple credit cards for a group and just divide the bill. By the time we left, the POS machine was down and they were only taking cash. I'm not a tourist in this town, but I was getting a tourist trap feel here. It used to be better a few years ago. Now, I feel like it has become like Mother's-a line for tourists to stand in for just okay food. Maybe I'll try it again on a Monday instead of a Sunday and see if it's better :-(I wish I could write a review about the food and drink menu, but sadly the staff prevented our group the opportunity to enjoy their menu.We walked into a relatively empty Coop's Place and were greeted by one bartender who showed us to our table. We realized that we had three other guests that would join us about 30-40 minutes later. We (mistakenly) moved a table closer to ours so that they could join us, only to be accosted by another angry bartender. We told him that we would have others join us, and we apologized for moving the tables. We then offered to move the tables back, only to have him become increasingly angry and then he started shouting at us to "get the f*ck out of the restaurant." Then as we obliged and started to walk out, he started slow clapping and taunting us as we were leaving. I turned around and noticed that pretty much everyone there in the place looked incredibly confused as to what happened. We get the premise of seating and everything, but to have a bartender verbally accost us after we apologized and "got the message" and then continue the taunting is entirely unacceptable and degrading. For a restaurant that relies on guests and tourists for 100% of their income, they are great at losing money.I would love to try the food, but I'm incredibly wary of the people that work there.Definitely a tourist hot spot, but worth it. one if my favorite places to eat. the rabbit jambalaya is aaaaamazing!!! I highly recommend getting many smaller plates and sharing. the gumbo is pretty darn yummy. sometimes the étouffée is great, sometimes just good. I was told to try the crab claws, good. the fried okra, love fried okra but they need a bit of salt!! definitely have the green beans, YUM!!! always a wait, so go early or quite late. the smaller the party the better!! nice staff, just always runnin, so don't expect them to be at your Beckon call!!Not sure why everyone loves this place.  First, this place closed at 2am on Saturday.  The hours posted on Yelp are wrong.  Second, as I stepped into the place, the waitress ordered us out and told us to stand behind the line drawn on the sidewalk.  There were tables available - the waitress popped her head out about a minute later and told us to come in.Ordered the fried chicken.  They ran out of gumbo, which I wanted to try.  The fried chicken was not anything special.  In fact, it was bland.  Am I too accustomed to Korean fried chicken since I'm from NYC?  I actually thought Popeyes had better fried chicken.  Didn't feel like getting anything else.  I left feeling disappointed.If you can get in here, you should.  Although reading another review, I didn't know this place had made it to tv stardom.  Huh, no wonder it was tough to get in and there was an air of attitude.  We tried to get in the first night we were in town but were told to start a line outside, so we left.  We barely got in the next day for lunch.And it was packed.  We maneuvered the cobblestone floor to the back and sat down.  We opted to split the two piece fried chicken with rice and beans.  I ordered a bowl of coleslaw too.  It took a long time for the food but it's not like we were in a rush or anything.  The chicken was good, albeit cold, so I'm not sure why it took so long.  Not super spiced.  A little more seasoning would have been good.  He loved the rice and beans.  The server forgot my coleslaw but after a mention, it arrived.  Eh, it was overloaded with celery seed so I didn't like it.  I felt a bit obligated to eat some it since it was forgotten and since it was $3 for a little smaller than a soup cup size.Our server was decent, friendly enough, though she went missing pretty frequently.  Service was slow but likely because it was so busy.Another freaky bathroom situation -- go through the double doors out back by the dumpster (and the kitchen is back there somewhere....), veer left and there are the glorified outhouse bathrooms.  There were like odd old hoses running everywhere, it was a bit dirty and certainly in disrepair, probably held together by duct tape.  Bathrooms seem an afterthought in this town.So it's a small, cramped, charming hole in the wall old joint, dark and crusty, big on atmosphere.  Good chicken, really good rice and beans he says, freaky bathroom, Chicago pricing, if it were here it would be a hipster haven but there it's a local-y-ish sort of touristy spot, worth a stop but don't wait in line.I have never had a bad experience here. Great food as well as a great Import and domestic beer list. Vey good Cajun and Creole cuisine. Best part is they are always showing black and white movies on the TVs instead of sports . Be prepared to wait outside but as I normally tell people it's totally worth itGreat southern food in a neighborhood restaurant away from all the main crowds. The wait staff definitely knows their foods as well as their beers. Awesome prices for such great food.TryJambalaya with RabbitPoppers with CrabCoops was recommended by my brother and I wasn't disappointed. I was famished coming off my air travel and went directly here, suitcases and all. It's a sorta divey-looking tavern but not without New Orleans charm. Ordered the sample plate and a sazerac cocktail - which was expertly made and they use locally made bitters. A must try for any whiskey drinker. Here's what's up. The fried chicken is outstanding, my southern-born girlfriend pronounced it the best she's ever had. The gumbo - the seafood and/or chicken/sausage - is a must-order we tore those up then quibbled over whether to hit it again or order more chicken. She won, we got a chicken breast. Well alright the whole truth is she got another piece of chicken, alls I got was a bite and very nearly lost a fingertip for it. But that's because she hates seafood and the sample platter also contains shrimp étouffée, red beans and rice and jumbalaya, all of which deserved an appreciative mouth. The jambalaya is a bit sweeter tasting than most. That don't make it bad, as a matter of fact jambalaya tastes different nearly every place you eat it. Wash your tongue with a local brew, Abilla, pairs extraordinarily well with creole flavors. Especially the Amber. We paid our compliments to the chef, who told us he's been cooking for three decades. When asked what makes his food taste so good he replied, "It's love". Of course! Ain't that typical of New Orleans?The food was really amazing. Fried chicken and rabbit jambalaya were both on point -best I've ever had. An excellent stop if you are in New Orleans. Also they are open pretty late so good for some late night quality food. Service was also pretty goodFood was good. Had the sampler platter. Friends had the fried chicken (just OK, not amazing). Waitress was great and we had a group of 8. The bartenders were unfriendly and unhelpful. Maybe they think this is charming, but it was hardly hospitable. It did give us plenty to talk about while we waited for our table. So, come for the experience and some "OK" local grub. Just don't be shocked if you get a free side of attitude.This place was recommended to me by the man at the Kitchen Witch, a local cookbook store.  He said if I wanted something local, delicious and under the radar, that his is the place to go.I must have arrived at a good time as when I left there was a line forming outside.  I didn't have to wait, I was promptly seated.  I asked what was best on the menu and the lovely hostess recommended the tasting plate, which is what I got.So delicious!  I can't remember all the elements but my plate was fully cleared. I'm still full now. Six hours later. So good.The only downer for me was that when I finished, I wasn't given the opportunity to order more or another drink, the bill landed straight in front of me.  I suppose it's one of the things that comes with the territory when you're a single person and there are couples waiting but it still made me feel a bit sad to be hustled out.Locals favorite place. Get there early or late to miss the rush. We got there early. Excellent and fast service. Eclectic and unique menu options. Food came out very fast after we ordered. I would highly recommend the duck quesadilla. Also had the sampler plate with rabbit and sausage jambalaya (good), red bean and rice (very good but not vegetarian), and shrimp creole (awful). Seafood gumbo was okay. Fried chicken was excellent, would recommend that too. Kept finding animal bones in everything we ate which was kinda gross. Great beer selection. Place has a great atmosphere. Sadly, we would not return to eat here unless it is for the fried chicken. Would come back for the chill relaxed atmosphere.The Fried Chicken is to die for!!! Not a big place so the line is going to be long, but well worth the wait!!!!Great fried chicken! Been here several times & one time server was rude. Besides that, great experience! So yummy!! Tip:if they ask, tell them you're 21 (even if you aren't.) They don't actually care even when it's blatantly obvious you're like 16. They just have to ask cause of the slots.WORST SURLIEST RESTAURANT IN THE QUARTER & I've lived in the Vieux Carré 20 years. The food is sub par and the crowd are uninformed tourists and wannabees.LOCALS AVOID COOPS: read 2013 reviews by locals Daryl P and Bobby B.A NOLA NATIVE'S RANKING OF FRENCH QUARTER SEAFOOD-ERIES:1.  GW FINS - only open for dinner so no bargains, but the finest dining alternative;2.  FELIX'S - better than Acme and no lines; fortuitously it's across the street;3.  DESIRE - affordable, classic Vieux Carré atmosphere, old school wait staff;4.  RED FISH - Lunch Prix Fixes less than $20, Brennan's quality, healthy choices;5.  CAFÉ SOULÉ - specializes in crab dishes, Antoine's family, classic atmosphere;6.  DEANIE'S - if you want a menu heavy on fried... uh... everything, huge portions;7.  MRB - if you can handle bar smoke the oyster & crawfish specials are a deal;8.  ROYAL HOUSE - best atmosphere, outdoor seating, but touristy & a tad pricey;DIVIDING LINE BETWEEN BEST & WORST: 9. New Orleans Hamburger & Seafood (a citywide chain; and that should tell you something about the bottom six!)10.  BOURBON HOUSE - good lunch prix fixe but the oysters are lame;11.  ACME - our classic oyster bar, but I'm a New Orlenian & don't wait in queue;12.  OCEANA - nasty dining room, wide but insipid menu, gougingly overpriced;13.  PIER 424 - ultimate tourist trap on Bourbon, you can do so much better;14.  RALPH & KACOOS - buses disgorge snowbirds here;15.  (& Dead Last):  COOP'S - there is absolutely nothing good to be said about it...Probably should have went elsewhere, but one of our party's bfs said it was amazing and wouldn't shut up about it so we had to go.I had the taste plate and it really wasn't anything special. The fried chicken was alright, so gumbo was eh and the rabbit jambalaya was interesting. Red beans and rice was good and the shrimp creole was decent.Not a bad place to go, but I feel like you can definitely do better.Was told this was the best fried chicken in the city... Somebody lied.I'm a native and had never heard of this place so after a day out at a festival myself and two friends skipped the table wait and sat at the bar. The bartender was completely uninterested in us, the chicken was NOT hot and fresh nor was it flavorful. The red beans were sweet and also lacked flavor. I left hungry and bothered by the lack of concern by the bartender.Delicious! The first place I have found in NOLA with delicious red beans and rice! Everywhere else (Court of Two Sisters, Gazebo Cafe, French Market, and others) has been bland, thin, and underwhelming. Went on Fat Tuesday for lunch. I had the sampler (seafood gumbo, fried chicken, Jumbalaya, shrimp creole (?), and red beams and rice) and my friend had the Duck Quesadillas and Jumbalaya. All the food was spicy (enough to have a kick but with amazing flavor; not just spicy to cover lack of flavor). The gumbo had crab claws, crawfish and shrimp in the cup that came with my meal. Fantastic flavor and very meaty! The Jumbalaya was also delish and had plenty of goodies (not just rice with spices as many places have). The Shrimp Creole (not 100% sure this is what the name was?) was incredible. You could tell they used fresh ingredients and cooked it with love! We also had Irish coffee, which was strong and delicious wit fresh cream!The service was decent/average as far as attentiveness (particularly on Fat Tuesday) and very friendly. The atmosphere is pretty hole in the wall French Quarter standard. Definitely one of the best meals I have had during my second trip to New Orleans and I will be back!!!You can easily miss Coop's place if you've never heard or been here before. We were walking up Decatur St and saw a huge line here around 9pm. Of course, I had to look up this place on Yelp immediately and the items on the menu looked delicious. We made sure to come here the following night for an early dinner to avoid the long lines.We came the following night around 5pm and the bar was full, but had a few empty tables. We ordered the Jambalaya Supreme (Jambalaya embellished with shrimp, crawfish, and tasso) and the 3 pc Cajun Fried Chicken (Cajun seasoned fried chicken served with rabbit & sausage jambalaya and coleslaw)The Fried Chicken came out crispy and was definitely the star. I kinda wish I got more than 3 pieces because my mouth is watering just writing this review.The Jambalaya was excellent as well. However, I'm probably not the best critic since I'm not from New Orleans.Everything is pretty well priced at around $10-$15 per entree.Tips:- Get here early as there isn't much seating so the line piles up during dinner time.- Must be 21 to enter, even if you're not drinking alcohol. Thus, don't bring the kids here.- Get the fried chicken. Just do it. You won't regret it.- Dive bar so enjoy the unique atmosphere.Best everything ever.Coop's is a classic French Quarter restaurant. Stone floors, real food. Lots of real food!My favorite dishes are the fried chicken, the lamp chop appetizer, and their red beans and rice.The atmosphere is definitely a dive bar, but with good Cajun food.  Try the blue crab claws, gumbo, and fried chicken.After being exposed to so many obnoxious bars and clubs on Bourbon Street, a dive bar frequented mostly by the locals is a breath of fresh air.  And this is definitely one of those places.  The staff is a little rough around the edges but friendly enough.The fried mushrooms were delicious but the other food was only so-so.  I left most of our shared appetizers to my friend.  Just not appealing to me.A  friend recommended this place and glad we stopped for lunch as it is a hidden dive bar off of Bourbon Street. I was a little skeptical when we walked in as it was small, dark and not the cleanest.  They sat us at a long table with many other people-very tight fit and announced they were out of fried chicken. Apparently a deal breaker for many but not us.  We started off with the Abita Purple Haze and Amber-love this local beer.  I ordered the burger with fries and my date went with the jambalaya.  We were served quickly and it was very tasty. I loved the atmosphere of this place as it was laid back and people were having a great time eating and drinking. My date raved about the jambalaya.This place has been ruined! I found this place years ago by accident and had many awesome nights here. Strong rum punches, great local food at even better prices. Spent lots of dollars in the juke box. That was the past. The word got out and now there's a line down the street to get in. You know what happens to your favorite local haunts when they become the hot spot? They start to suck. Service and quality inevitably suffers. I'm willing to bet the drinks and food aren't as good as they used to be, but I guess I'll never know. Because I'm not waiting in that line. (At 8pm on a random chilly Tuesday night.) What a sad story. I guess they'll start selling t-shirts now and giving away plastic hurricane glasses. 3 stars for the good memories.This place has the best jambalaya EVER. Now, mind you, I'm a northerner and no expert on jambalaya, so take my word with a grain of salt if you must, but know this:After eating here in 2011, I spent a year and a half DREAMING of their jambalaya, singing its praises wherever I went. When I came back in 2013, I was terribly nervous that it would not live up to its memory (as, sadly, some things do not). BUT IT DID! Every bit! I savored every last bite of that delicious meal, every last grain of rice making its way on to my delighted tongue.Oh yeah, the gumbo is good too. And they have some great beer. Go here. The end.Coop's has one of the best fried chicken I've ever had! The four pieces of chicken we received were tender throughout and perfectly seasoned. The red beans and rice were very flavorful, the rabbit sausage jambalaya was freakin delicious and only the coleslaw was ok (I prefer mine a little on the sweeter side). Coop's Place is definitely has a divey bar/type feel. Dimly lit, loud, and a little grungy. Their website says their bartenders are snarky and I believe it. We didn't catch any of it but they shouted at people that simply walked in the door without being let in by the doorman. And they gave a large table a hard time about something but I didn't quite hear what they were saying.All in all good place. The food was so good we went twice during our trip.This place is amazing. There is usually a long wait, but it's worth it. This place is hidden away and easy to miss if you're not looking close enough.I've had the jambalaya and the red beans and rice with fried chicken. Both were amazing, but the fried chicken really took the cake. Service was prompt, friendly and awesome. It's not a big place, so there's a strong likelihood the inside will be crowded.But everything is good, it's all spiced and flavored perfectly. One of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans.Starting with the service, those folks are great, they have personality, not in a bad way, they're all friendly folks.  Food is great, get the jambalaya supreme, the rabbit is exquisite, well done with a good charred flavor, the gumbo is great as well using sassafras leaves where pretty much everywhere else doesn't.  It can get packed so if you fly in before Friday like I did, make thus your first stop, I'd try to squeeze this place in twice on a weekend.Coop's is one of those cool places that has a relaxed bar vibe, but it also able to serve up some good food late into the night. I have no doubt that most restaurants in NOLA can serve up a mean cup of gumbo or jambalaya, but Coop's does things a little differently with both its quirky ambiance and waitstaff. The rabbit and sausage jambalaya was delicious. The smoked pork sausage is more like pulled pork pieces than your traditional boring, in-its-casing sausage. My friend (a local) suggested getting it Supreme with shrimp and tasso, and you really can't go wrong. Other winners she suggested were the fried crab claws and the combo fried oyster and shrimp platter. I don't eat a whole lot of fried foods, but fresh seafood with a crunchy exterior to dip into cocktail sauce was exactly what I needed after a long day of travelling.There are so many more dishes I would like to go back and try... the gumbo, shrimp creole, Cajun fried chicken, duck quesadilla, and of course, eating the jambalaya and fried seafood platters again.Stopped in after a night of music and drinks on Frenchman. Ambiance was a bit to open to me, liked the smaller places... but the food was good. Over all we tried the jambalaya, veggie burger and shrimp po boy. Delightfully surprised. But get more adventurous - don't order the veggie burger... boring!Worth a stop in when on Decatur - for sure!Coop's is always a lively place with delicious food. The chicken dish was excellent. Only drawback with a group is that they only do 1 check per table & only 1 credit card per table. Know that going in.I love this place so much I don't even know how to review it.Coops has been a NoLa tradition for me for as far back as I can remember. I was so excited to take my husband there for his first time. And his second. And his third.Food was delish! - as always.Hung out for a few hours one afternoon having a great time, the whole bar was hanging out with each other like we were all friends at a party, buying each other shots. It totally felt like my local neighborhood bar but with awesome food.Best Bloody Mary's around - and I can say that with complete confidence considering the fact that I spent an entire day in the quarter trying a bloody mary at every place I went. First of all, they have pickled green beans in their bloody mary, AND they add the perfect amount of spicy goodness. It was absolutely my fave. There was a bit of a wait to be seated, but no big deal and definitely worth it. Man-friend, friend and I had lunch here and oh my god did it hit the spot. We shared a bowl of the gumbo and also got: red rice and beans + sausage (apparently that's a must for monday's), shrimp creole and fried chicken with coleslaw. All which were incredible. Man-friend suggest that the red-beans and rice needed more seasoning, but I say that if you eat a bite of sausage with every bite of rice and beans it's perfection. And there is plenty of sausage to do that, btw!We sat at the bar and our waitress/bartender was a little bit snippy/rough around the edges, but she got the job done. I guess you have to be in that position, especially with so many drunk tourists! I'd def come back, it's legit Nola food and drinks forreals.This place is a New Orleans must!  The wait can sometimes be a bit long, but it is completely worth it!  Also, if you come with a smaller party, at an off hour, you can get right in.  Their bloody's are killer.  My boyfriends favorite is the fried chicken.  My favorite is the rabbit and sausage jambalaya.It might not be spick-and-span, and the service in this tiny place isn't what I would call..attentive.But I felt like a local here having Sunday dinner and watching the Saints play on tv.We started with the Duck Quesadillas because they were unique to us, and they were delicious.I had heard their jambalaya was great but I decided to order the Coop's Plate that offered a little bit of everything; jumbalaya, red beans and rice, shrimp etouffee, and in my opinion, the best on the plate, gumbo. It was a TON of food so you can definitely plan to share it. But the winner, hands down, was the Jumbalaya Pasta! With one bite, I immediately regreted ordering the quesadillas and all that food on the Coop's Plate. There was just no way I could eat all that pasta. I have vowed to go back again ASAP only to order that amazingly scrumptious dish!!It's a MUST TRY!What in the name of Ignatius Reilly is going on here? This was by far the worst food we had in New Orleans ever, along with the most attitude outside of Bourbon Street. The jambalaya was weirdly sweet and bland. You really shouldn't have to add half a bottle of Crystal hot sauce to make that crap edible.They also managed to do something I once thought impossible: make fried chicken taste horrible and bland. I imagine those hipsters will continue to fleece tourists, but be forewarned this place sucks.Sample plate lunch offering with a goodly lip smacking array of some Creole cooking includes a gumbo, jambalaya , shrimp creole, red beans n rice and today a smoked sausage cuz they were out of fried chicken! My awesome partner licked his plate almost reverently whispering ....this ahhh is the best I mean BEST jambalaya ever tasted... Yes it was very good. Don't stiff the fried shrimp appetizer. Last night I had a garden salad at Arnauds..today garden salad for 4.50 looked and tasted fresher was plated larger with better dressing choices...green goddess too! The line for evening can stretch but lunch is a short wait and the food service is all just as fine. BTW it's all about the smoker out back that makes the flavors. Exceptional.Coop's Place has a great environment, and the food is amazing!  If you are looking for New Orleans cuisine in a fun location with an interesting experience for a more than reasonable price, you should check out Coop's!Best Bloody Mary in NOLA and the food is amazing. Pick up the cookbook, if they're selling them. We never go to New Orleans without stopping to eat at Coops. The etouffee, the fried chicken, the gumbo, the red fish -- all to die for. I've not had anything  here that I didn't love.Get in line outside the restaurant. It's worth the wait.two words: Friend Chicken, a must have hereThe food: My wife and I got the taste plate which features New Orleans typical dishes.  Jambalaya is good if you like things extra spicy.  The seafood gumbo is also great, packed full of flavor and spices.  The fried chicked is so good, we got extra 2 pieces after we were full!  light on breading, heavy on spices.  Crunchy on the outside, super super tender on the inside.  Green beans were laden with bacon which turned out extremely well.The ambiance:  Everything about the place says NOLA.  The tiny little place is taken up mostly by the bar with some tables and chairs around for diners.  Everyone has smiles on their face and seem to be in jubilee.  Parking: it's the FQ, non-existantOverall: classic dishes done well with the typical NOLA atmosphere3.75Came here around 11pm since most restaurants were already closing/closed. It did take a few minutes for them to get our orders, but orders came out fairly quickly. I ordered an etouffee, which was off the menu. My bf had the coop's sampler plate. I really enjoyed my etoufee (shrimp & crawfish) and my bf really liked his sampler plate, especially the jambalaya (i thought it was just ok). The gumbo that came from his plate was also good though it was only luke warm.I've been here twice and both times enjoyed the food very much. Rabbit jambalaya was "wicked pissah".Coop's is a hole-in-the-wall restaurant/pub with a touch of dive bar flavor. Their location places them right across the street from the French Market. Inside it has a great selection of both draft and bottled beers as well as a full liquor bar. The place is very small with no waiting area so we were not even allowed inside the establishment until some of the patrons were finished with their meal. A knock on this place is their service, but no problems from me on this particular day.We started off with their gumbo as an appetizer. It was seasoned well with all the fixings. This particular gumbo is more of a soupy brothy roux, so those that enjoy a more thicker complexion of gumbo should look elsewhere. I wanted to take in a small dose of each of their dishes so I ordered their taste plate (Creole, FC drumstick, red beans & rice and rabbit/sausage jambalaya). Only one item survived the "Slap your mama good" taste test, and the winner is the Jambalaya. Best freaking jambalaya I've had hands down.Coops was awesome! After being on our road trip for the 7th day, my sister and I were coming to the point where we had to watch our funds but we really wanted some good seafood/Cajun food. I happened to find this place on another review I accidentally stumbled upon. We walked to Coops which is a little dive bar/restaurant. The bartender immediately greeted us when we walked in. Turned out she was also our server (and maybe the owner?) She was absolutely amazing. Our waters were continuously filled and she checked up on us a good amount of times (but not to the point of being annoying).I ordered the seafood pasta for $12. It had craw daddy's, oysters, shrimp and I believe scallops. It was full of seafood! It was by far the best dish I had while in NOLA and the most reasonable price for what I got! My sister had a Cajun trio with jumbalaya, gumbo and red beans and rice which was also delish. For the app we had the fried gator which you can't go wrong with. This was an all around GREAT experience! We will make this one of our regular spots every time we visit.We wanted to go somewhere the locals go... Coop's place won!  Our ghost tour guide recommended this place and we are so glad he did!  I wanted to try authentic cajun/creole food and this place hit the spot!When we arrived, there was a line out the door.  We almost gave up, but decided to exercise some patience.  We grabbed a beer to go at the bar next door and stood in line for about 15 minutes.  The place is cramped and divey, but they're not interested in impressing you with their decor.  In fact, they're really not interested in impressing you at all.  You either like it or you don't.The food was fantastic and in large portions!  I ordered the taste plate to try it all and was not disappointed.  I loved the seafood gumbo - flavorful and spicy! The cajun pasta was excellent and the fried chicken was guilt-fully deliciously.  Nom, nom, nom.I wouldn't describe the service as friendly, but they're there to work and get the job done.  Our waiter brought things out quickly, made sure we didn't need anything, but skipped the formalities.  We didn't blame him with how slammed the place was. I give this place a 5 star regardless.Disappointed with the jambalaya supreme. Very dry. Sausage pieces all charred. Rabbit pieces dry. Taste plate had great fried chicken and red beans and rice. The beer was cold.So, I've been here a couple times over the years. I'm knocking a point off simply because every time I've been there, I recall the wait staff being a bit rude (despite the signs saying "be nice or get out")...it's very atypical for a New Orleans place, which generally seem to have very nice wait staff.Onto the food itself. I've had the cajun fried chicken plate every time I've been here, which comes with their jumbalaya. I remember the first time I was there, the chicken was superb, among the best I've ever had; but the jambalaya was lacking a bit of punch. This past time, however, the chicken was surprisingly dry...they definitely overcooked it, as even the dark meat was not so juicy as it should have been, and the outside was too burned. The jambalaya, this last time, however, was great. So I'm knocking another point off for inconsistency.I'd recommend it still, if you're in the area and need a quick bite to eat, especially as they serve food later than most.First stop in New Orleans and it was great. Several friends and family suggested we come by here and try out their food. As soon as we landed we dropped off our luggage at the hotel and went directly to Coop's Place. The place is very small but we were lucky. We arrived and found a table. They have a full bar we decided to stick with beer. I tried a local beer called Amber. It was great and refreshing. I was so hungry that I wanted to order everything from the menu but decided to stick with the Fried chicken with red beans and rice! The chicken was delicious. It was super crispy. I could probably eat the whole chicken. I loved it. I also tried a little bit of the Rabbit & Seafood Jambalaya. It was my first time trying rabbit and I enjoyed. Service was super fast. We were out of there in approx. 30-45mins. Our waiter was very nice and outgoing. If you are ever around definitely make a stop here for local food but don't expect a fancy place. This is a hole in the wall. It is very casual and can get a little warm in there.Heard so many things and could not wait to try it. There is always a line outside but it's because the waitress likes to keep people out until she is ready for you. Please don't go inside before she calls you or there will be a screaming match. :-)  I REALLY wanted to love this place but the first thing we were told is that the shrimp and crawfish were sold out. We ordered the large gumbo to start. It was tasty but served room temperature (not hot). Three piece cajun fried chicken meal...chicken had great flavor and piping hot. Cole slaw was good but the other side item was cold and stuck together...we did not eat that. Not sure I would go back. We talked to other customers as we walked out the door...this is close to Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt's NOLA place...the kitchen is outside...some days better than others. It was inexpensive and fast so that was good for a late night dinner. If you take a cab, ask to be dropped off at the beginning of Decatur and just cross the street to Coops. Otherwise, you have to go around the block so they can drop you off in front of Coop's and that's adds a few more bucks to cab fare.DO NOT GO! The place is a crappy bar, at best. The staff was just extremely rude from the moment we entered. They made sarcastic comments and certainly did not make us feel welcome. We assumed it was an attempt to be 'bad ass' and live up to their 'don't give a s*!t' reputation, but it is not. It's just a 'screw you' attitude. Who wants to deal with that?Unfortunately, the attitude was only half of it. The food was absolutely terrible! We received an order of funky tasting jalapeño poppers which ended up being frozen in the center. The fried chicken was so dried out it was more like chicken jerky and my brother couldn't even stomach the jambalaya. I guess the server\bartender (with the beard) was upset with us complaining about the frozen poppers that he decided to cop more of an attitude than he already had. We tried to pay our bill with half cash, half credit card. I guess he was on a power trip as he refused the payment. It has to be one or the other. When we questioned it, his reply was 'did you not hear me the first time?' Apparently Coop's Place is too good for cash and, apparently, too good for customers. Don't waste your money, your time or your New Orleans experience here. Although I feel I have already wasted enough time and energy on this crap hole, I hope this review helps someone avoid a terrible experience. It makes me wonder if a majority of the positive reviews may be fake.I can't believe the ratings aren't higher.  I will say, this whole in the wall local fav is not a white linen location by far.  This is REAL authentic SPICY as crap food but it is so good we had to go back twice.  The first day it was empty slow and we had a great time.  We got the Coops Taste Plate.  It has red beans and rice, jambalaya, a piece of cajun fried chicken, a cup of gumbo, and shrimp creole.  It was perfect for 2 before a night of drinking.  We just added a second cup of gumbo and an extra piece of chicken.  You won't regret it.  They have great local beers available but be sure you order SOMETHING good to drink because the spice is for real New Orleans flavor.Went here today with some friends.  I got the lamb ribs.  A friend got the fried crab claws and the other friend got the jambalaya and side salad.  The lamb ribs were nothing but fat, so don't waste your money.  Crab claws were good.  My friend liked the jambalaya but not the salad.  I thought it was pricey.When the waiter bought the bill we asked him to divide it up among the three credit cards which he refused to do.  If you pay with cash, they'll divide it up, but they won't do it with cards.I agree with the other post about the place seems dirty.  But, that's the way dive restaurants are (and are expected to be) in New Orleans.This was one of our favorite meals in New Orleans. I had the red beans and rice with coleslaw and my husband had the fried chicken with rabbit jambalaya. Everything was outstanding and I keep thinking about the coleslaw--perfectly creamy without any sugar. It was so good. Service was great (was most places we visited) and we will definitely go back.It's so freaking amazing that on a 5 day trip to NOLA I went here 4 times, yes 4!The coop's sampler plate ($13.95) get it. Dont' ask questions, get that and it'll give you everything you need in New Orleans in one dish:- Seafood gumbo, the best in New Orleans, hands down. So flavorful with real clam, oysters, shrimp and more. So so so good.- Rabbit and andouille (pork and alligator) sausage jambalaya. Best jambalaya in New Orleans, hands down. So perfect.- Shrimp creole, pretty good blend of tomato and fresh shrimp, nothing too crazy.- Red beans and rice with meat. Delicious. I've had bad red beans n rice, this one is great.- The best fried chicken in New Orleans. Cooked so perfect, you'll know it's something you can't make on your own. I don't know what it is, but it was crazy good.Don't order jambalaya by itself, it's like $9 for a tiny bowl that is the same amount you get in the $14 sampler. Easy choice.Oh, service kinda sucks. I have no idea if that's done on purpose, but despite being here 4 times and seeing the staff multiple times in one weekend, only the back staff (who brings out your dishes) was nice. The servers are pretty mean, I can't tell if that's part of the culture or not, so I didn't protest. Oh, our friends who sat at the tables got their food in 15 mins. The rest of us at the bar ordered the same exact dish (sampler) and had to wait an hour, yes an hour. Our friends left before we got our food despite coming in at the same time, crazy. Normally I'd give this place a 1 star and write a horrible review, but their food is ridiculously good so I'll give it a pass.Firstly, New Orleans is my absolute favorite city. The food, culture, history, and people are just so interesting. I have friends that live in the Bywater, so I am lucky enough to go to all the best local spots when I am in town. I usually end up at Coop's Place about 3 times during a weekend visit to New Orleans. All the food is amazing and has a great vibe. Few of my favorites: the marinated crab claws, the smoked duck quesadilla, and the fried chicken.Don't get turned off by the loud, divey atmosphere of Coop's but if it's the kind of thing that gets you hot, then yesss, you're going to love it here. The food is no-frills but allll flavor, baby, and the servers are quite the characters. Nothing's been re-imagined into a completely unrecognizable dish. I ordered the Jambalaya Supreme, which is their Rabbit & Sausage Jambalaya + shrimp, crawfish, and tasso. Sooo many different types of meat and flavor in what initially seemed like a small plate. Yummy in my tummy, it was. I also managed to spoon some of my boyfriend's Shrimp Creole into my mouth. If you're looking for a dish with a nice, spicy kick, there it is. There were a ton of other items on the menu I wanted to try but my stomach (and wallet) could only stretch so much.Steve seems angry...just ignore him and listen to me.  While not the best place to go if you are anti-pork Coop's Place still has some redeeming qualities.  A.  Their food is cheap.B.  Their bloody mary is stout as fuck and has a tasty plethora of pickled items. C.  Their fried crab claws kick ass.  Good crabby flavor, light on the fried.D.  Once you add some hot sauce to your dark brothy file gumbo you are good to go. Yes, Coop's place doesn't have the most upbeat and friendly of bartenders and bartendresses, they are a bit on the no nonsense side, but they get the job done and the drinks get a heavy handed pour.  Yes, Coop's Place might be sticky, gritty, and dirty, but I go camping and eat in the wild outdoors so who gives a fuck.Might be the best meal I had in NO. Not that I tried the most expensive or every restaurant, but the Redfish Meuniere is really good, I think, as recommended by my family. Very tender and flavorful Redfish, accompanied by tasty rice, salad, and green beans. No beers on tap (but this is a restaurant, not a bar, right?). The ladies next to me had the Marinated Lamb Ribs and a pasta with crawfish dish that they said they enjoyed a lot. Saw an oyster poor boy go buy that looked pretty great. Saw pretty long line forming later, so might be best to arrive early; they don't take reservations.Went there last night.....amazingly good food.....best smoked sausage I have ever had.......gumbo was good and spicy....chicken and shrimp cream sauce dish was awesome. ...dish name started with a "T"....its kind of a dive but who cares gives the place ambiance. ...fun placeGumbo-awesomeFried Chicken-wowJambalaya-deliciousRed Beans and Rice-okFried Shrimp-really goodBloody Mary's-yumLong wait but best jambalaya in town, that was told to us by locals and they were right.I will never for the rest of my life go to New Orleans without stopping by Coops. I'd been craving their cajun pasta since my last visit in December, so I ordered it without hesitation on my return trip last weekend. It was just as good as I'd remembered - lots of shellfish and tasso in a perfectly spiced sauce - but what really blew my mind was the etouffée. My friend ordered it and luckily she eats like a bird so the other 7 of us got a few spoonfuls. We all agreed it was the best we'd ever had. I can't even describe the depth of flavor, but the word that comes to mind is magical. It's very rare that a dish impresses me this much. We shied away from ordering etouffée the whole rest of the trip because we knew it wouldn't compare. I tried a bite of the shrimp creole and it was very tasty as well, but beware if you are a wuss about spice. The place is a dive so you might not expect much when you walk in, but trust me when I say the food is insanely good. Other reviewers make mention of rude service, but not only was our waitress not rude, she was a real sweetheart. We were there for a bachelorette weekend and she gave the bride a free shot, wished her well, recommended some places to go and blew us a big kiss when we left. I wish I caught her name!Anyway, many places in the French Quarter are mediocre and cater to the lame palates of tourists but this place is the real deal. And bonus: it's pretty cheap! Just be prepared to wait in line for a table at peak times.I lived in NoLA a year before I tried Coop's.  I was very skeptical since it is popular among tourists and my experience is those popular places usually disappoint.  This was not the case!  I can't get enough of it now and I can't not order the Rabbit Jambalaya & salad entree.  Their blue cheese is awesome and the jambalaya is perfect.  The fried chicken is amazing but I just want to eat a vat of the jambalaya.  There are other things I want to try.....but again, the rabbit jambalaya is just too good.Came here because it was the only place open late night and close by. We couldn't eat there because we had underage kids with us, so we tried to get food to go. The server wouldn't let us sit at a table to order, and while my very old mother was trying to get up from the table, the server badgered us again, saying we couldn't sit there and ORDER even though no one else was around. The server was so incredibly rude that we left before we even ordered. No restaurant is worth it if the service is terrible and you're not made to.feel welcome.This is one of my absolute faves when I go to new orleans. yes, you have to wait if you go at a busy time, and service could sometimes be better. but  I love to eat here a couple times on my trips to NOLA. Love, love, love the fried chicken which I usually substitute the cajun green beans in with because they are amazing. But the jambalaya that comes with it is yummy too. Next time around I usually get the chicken tchoupitoulas frigging delicious. A definate recommendation for anyone to try when they are visiting! I really do not want fried chicken anymore anywhere else..Dad and I traveled to NOLA April 1-4, 2014 and I am one of those people that do not like seafood, gumbo, and jambalaya.  So I knew I would have limited food options other than plain old fast food.  The front desk at our hotel recommended another place to go for fried chicken but as we were headed that way, we saw Coop's.  There was a line outside so we stopped to look at the menu they had and noticed they had fried chicken as well.  Figured this place had to be good since it was a Wednesday night with a line outside.  We only had to wait about 20 minutes.  I ordered the Cajun fried chicken and WOW!!  It was the best fried chicken I have ever had.  Crispy on the outside and juicy (not greasy) on the inside.  They also have the traditional NOLA food as well.  Definitely recommend Coop's!!!my favorite place for homy New Orleans foods in French Quarter.  gotta try the fried chickens.Went to Coop's Place upon recommendation from a few locals in NOLA.  My hubby and I had never been to New Orleans and we were really excited about eating in Coop's after all the hype.   Only had to wait about 20 to 30 minutes to be seated which wasn't bad from what I hear.  The atmosphere is sort of fun and the people were really nice but the food was sort of "meh".  I had the fried chicken and it was really dry not great at all...People tell Shady he rolled into Coop's 11.00 on a recent friday night. People tell Shady he, and they, ordered the app sampler and the dinner sampler, and..and..a fried chicken to boot. People tell Shady he thought the app sampler was good but too much fried stuff. People tell Shady the dinner sampler was good but the rice dishes kinda blended together. People tell Shady the fried chicken for dessert was a stroke of genius. People tell Shady , that after leaving his always generous tip, he begged to go to Harrah's. Shady believes all of this. Remembers none of it.  8 hours in the sun jamming to Dr John, Kermit, Honey Isl Swamp and others+ 2 hours at Paddy O' with the Roscoe after+ Coop's at 11.00  = Shady at zero dark.Mr. Coop doesn't know it yet but he's my new best friend. This place is fantastic! I was hesitant at first because I had my heart set on another place for po'boys but the food-gods sent a lovely local my way who told me I'd be nuts to pass up on Coop's food. And he was so right. RABBIT & SAUSAGE JAMBALAYA. Before you order drinks, before you order water, heck before you SIT DOWN, order this. Like better yet, shout it from the door way. It's absolutely delicious and yes, it has a kick but it's a kick of love. We also had the blackened redfish po'boy and it was huge. The portions are pretty monstrous. Service was perfect too: very friendly, attentive and helpful. The place itself feels like a locals-secret because it's dark, divey and small but it's packed with vibe, clients and food that'll make you wish you had a teleporting machine. Can't wait to go back!Good food and reasonable prices. We had to wait in  line for about 20 minutes. I had the red beans and rice with fried chicken. The beans and rice was amazing.The chicken was ok.The wife had Cajun pasta and she loved it.Myself, the hubby, and a friend tried Coops out the last day we were in New Orleans and I'm glad we did! While the place isn't much to look at, I loved the atmosphere and coziness of the small restaurant. Everything in New Orleans is old, so I expected nothing modern about this place and that's part of it's charm. You know it's been around awhile and the food did not disappoint! The service was quick, but it was also slow because we went around noon on a Wednesday. I usually have a saying that when a restaurant is slow, the service is worse because they are off their game. That wasn't the case with Coops! Our waitress was on top of everything and made sure we were taken care of. I had the rabbit jambalaya - amazing! Now I've never eaten rabbit before, but it was delicious and moist, and there were huge chunks in the dish. I'm just starting to get into spicy food, so this was a tad spicy for my taste but I still loved it. The heat in it builds, so at first it doesn't seem bad, but after a few minutes you'll feel the heat kick in more, so just be wary if you are new to spicy food! My husband got a chef salad with shrimp and loved his meal as well. Our friend, not a cajun food fan, got alfredo pasta with chicken and said it was excellent. His meal came with a huge piece of breaded chicken, not just a few pieces cut up in the pasta. I washed the jambalaya down with the just released for the season Abita strawberry. OH! And trust me when I tell you this...get a side of creole green beans in the bacon sauce. IT WAS AMAZING! But isn't everything when it comes to adding bacon? Did I mention that this place was completely affordable? My meal with the beer was under $20! You can't beat that. So I'd definitely return to Coops. The food is great, the price is right, and the casual atmosphere makes it an easy stop anytime!The best jambalaya I've ever had. The flavor and spices were perfect. Enjoyed the gumbo as well. The place is really small, but we didn't wait long for service. The service was great. It is definitely a place I will continue to go when I'm in NOLA.Good food at a reasonable price in comparison to a lot of other restaurants in the area. The shrimp was cooked to perfection but I was a little disappointed with the small portion of coleslaw. Nevertheless it was a great meal!!The food was amazing!I discovered Coops on my first trip to NOLA  a few years ago and I never leave the city without at least 3 visits.The most ridiculously fantastic food to be had in the Quarter. The Gumbo is rich and spicy, the rabbit sausage jambalaya is so fucking amazing it will make you question your religion. Drinks are great ( love the bloody and those pickled green beans!) and  the service is fantastic. There aren't enough adjectives to convey the food-lust Coop's incites in me. Go and fall in love with your dinner.This place was pretty great. My boyfriend and I planned to have dinner here, but decided to get a beer elsewhere while waiting for the line to decrease. After coming back later in the evening and enjoying a great meal I can tell you that waiting in line would've been worth it.Get the Jambalaya supreme, you won't regret it.This is the definition of a hole-in-the-wall place. It's cramped, crowded, and not very comfortable. The place is dark and kinda dirty.But we come back again and again for the food. The jambalaya made with rabbit, andouille, and cured black ham is amazing. Their gumbo is tasty and spicy, and the rest of the food was also good.Your best bet is to get here at a weird time like mid-afternoon, because otherwise you'll be waiting in a long line to get your food.This place is a hole in the wall - dive bar with a line out the door always because...among other things, hands down - the best jambalaya i have ever had. in the world. ever. outstanding! I will come to this place every time I come to New Orleans, multiple times forever! Please don't ever shut down!Authentic New Orleans cuisine. Not the cleanest kitchen or bathrooms, sub-par service. Recommend the tasting plate as a must-try!You must be 21 to dine here! It is a very small restaurant/bar with limited seating so it can be packed at times. Service can be slow since they're understaffed but it's manageable. Crab Claws - small portions but the batter is delicious and full of spices.Coops taste plate - good to try if you haven't ever been here since you get to try a lot of their special items. I was not a fan of the creole shrimp or red beans and rice though.Fried chicken - thin crust that is very crunchy and flavorful. This is very good!Soft shell crab - Delicious. Everything about this dish works. The pasta is rich but still light and the crab is fried beautifully.Seafood platter - get ready for some fried goodness. The shrimp and crab claws were my favorite. The fries kind of suck though.Great little spot in New Orleans and a great location since its literally across the street from the French market. I'd recommend trying the place out.What a cool place. Down the end of decaur, it looks like dive bar but is serving up some authentic cajun/creole cusine. The sampler seemed like the best deal, at around $13 there was a little bit of everything The jambalaya was great and hearty with rabbit and sausage. I really like the red beans and rice which was unexe meaty (would have assumed vegetarian based on the name!). Its a small space where we were seated right away on a Sunday around 5-6pm. The sampler also has a piece of fried chicken thrown on top and starts off with a really spicy gumbo. The bathrooms are outside, past the double doors in a space with a large smoker with a lot of the staff members hanging out, taking cigarette breaks and what not. When our food was ready I feel like it came right from the cook (was it Coop himself serving us?) really cool people with character. Looked like a large portion of the clientele were regulars plus with the ongoing rotation of travelers. It was a great deal for satisfying food, wish I knew about it sooner, would have liked to try more and would be one of my first stops next time.Coops is one of the places on my list of places to send friends from out of town while in The Quarter. Can't really say enough good things about this place.  Generally great music, played loud. The staff is very Be Nice Or Leave, which  I like.  Crowded usually. Authentic New Orleans experience overall.... Also, when we tried to order the stuffed poppers, the server admitted they were the only thing on menu not made in house. The honesty was appreciated.Everything I have ever had there has been good. They are frying experts, and obviously known for their fried chicken. I recommend going with a few people and ordering a bunch of stuff and sharing. Jambalaya is real deal, gumbo is on point.  I think it is much more difficult to write a good review than it is to write a bad one (for me, at least) so I'm just gonna leave it at this. I like good food. Coops has good food. I like Coops. You should go there. The end.First things first-- I'm a local. I've worked service industry in the Quarter. I'm a southern cook. That said, this place is one of my favorite parts not just of the French Quarter, but of New Orleans. Back in the day, this was a great dive, open late, where service industry folks could get an awesome late night dinner and drink on the cheap. Now the guidebooks have found it and there's regularly a line out the door (the only reason it doesn't get five stars by me, and through no fault of it's own). I'd be bitter, but I've taken visting friends and family several times in the years since Coops has hit the map and I've gotta say, the quality and price haven't suffered for the crowds as so often happens (I'm lookin' at you Frenchman St.). As other reviewers have said, it's a dive. If that's not your thang, stay out. In fact, rethink visting/living in New Orleans. Suggestion: If you're visiting, order the sampler platter. You'll get a taste of good, flavorful jambalaya, fried chicken, red beans and rice and gumbo-- something too many French Quarter restaurants screw up.We heard great things about the Cajun fried chicken here and Coop's certainly did not disappoint.The price is really reasonable ($8.95) for a platter of 2 pieces of chicken (I'd recommend the dark meat over the white), a hearty helping of what I think was the BEST jambalaya I had in New Orleans (and I ate jambalaya every single day - no shame, yo), and a side of coleslaw. The things I would do for a bowl of their rabbit and sausage jambalaya right now...The service was decent in my opinion - our waitress was very accommodating, but somewhat busy (she was the only one circulating the entire restaurant). Whatever, everything's a little slower down south.BEWARE...this place is a dive.  Yes, the bathrooms are gross.  Yes, the servers are surly.  No, you should not order a salad.Now that that's out of the way, we can get down to business.  Not everything on the menu is 5 stars.  Much of it is decent to good.  However, the Jambalaya Supreme may be my favorite dish in Nola.  It's not a traditional Jambalaya, but it is an amazing mix of smoked meat and rice.  To me, it is perfect and maybe on my last meal list,.  It is unlike any dish, anywhere.  It tastes home made.It is already too hard to get a seat to visit my muse, so go ahead.  Go find some place with friendly, tuxedoed servers and sterile bathrooms, I will be drinking an Amber and eating some of my favorite stuff on earth.We ate at Coops Place the first night of our visit to New Orleans- we wanted some down home Cajun/Creole food and we were happy with both of our choices.  We had Redfish Meuniere and Jambalaya Supreme.   The redfish and sauce was very tasty and the Jambalaya was good, albeit a smallish portion.  The service was ok- neither bad nor good and the place seemed a bit dirty but it was packed so they must be doing something right.  I think this rating is more like a 3.5 stars - the lower rating for the service and cleanliness and the higher for the good food!Thank you to my friend Jim for recommending this place on the fly while I was in New Orleans. This little dive bar is located in the French Quarter just around the corner from Jackson Square. The food here is about as authentic as it gets so of course I had to try their Coop's Taste Plate which had a decent sized portion of anything you could ever want from New Orleans. The seafood gumbo, shrimp creole, piece of cajun fried chicken, red beans & rice with sausage, and rabbit & sausage jambalaya turned out to be quite the meal but I was ready for it and demolished it in short order. The atmosphere is very upbeat and the bar staff does a great job of keeping everyone's drinks full, plates cleared, and tables turned.Oh Coop's why have you forsaken me? I've been going to you since I was old enough to be in the quarter back when you didn't always have a ridiculous line out the door. My friends and I always ordered the duck quesadilla appetizer, jambalaya, red beans and rice and so forth. In fact, I used to rave that you had the best red beans and rice in the city but no more. The last time I came I sat at the bar (not my first choice but it was packed and my friend and I are hungry). And I ordered my usual red beans and rice with sausage while my friend ordered the red beans and rice with fried chicken. Now I'll admit your sausage was as crisp and tasty as I remember and my friend's fried chicken was delicious. But what the hell happened to the red beans and rice? Pardon my profanity but it was a tasteless mush. And what's up with the bartender not really giving good service (I swear the people next to me got served first even though they arrived after me). Hey, I'm a super friendly person, introduce myself to my server, ask their name and call them by name brought it the evening and tip a minimum of 20% for decent service and 15% for bad service, but really? I had heard rumors that the service and food had gone south but I didn't want to believe it. But now I'm embarrassed that I recommended you to a fellow Yelper. Now my quest for the best red beans and rice begins.Sadly,MichelleWe were walking by the vistor center to get a restaurant recommendation but wanted real Louisiana creole food, turns out real Creole food is 120miles outside of New Orleans, said the guy that worked at the visitor center and he would know he was Creole. Sooooo he said this was my best bet, food was good and typical, solid. I would say B+ on taste, now when I walked by the bathroom and peeked into the kitchen I saw something else. I really hope that container full of water and chicken weren't out too long . :/Poor service. Maybe understaffed that night and the bartender and wait staff more into doing shots. Food was cold, mediocre.  Cannot understand why the line was so long. Never going back!Omg lemme bathe in that delicious gumbo. They are kind of mean sometimes but who cares?!?!? Not me.I have never been to New Orleans, and so I really wanted to get my foodie on.  After researching numerous restaurants in the French Quarter, and having so-so food at Oceana, I received a tip from a local to go to Coop's.  The wait was about 30 minutes, which would have gone faster if I was in a party of 2.  (note party of 2 will seat quickly as they have more seats for 2 and the bar seating.)  But trust me, it was worth the wait.In fact, I would wait for hours for Fried Chicken this good.Now, I have never been obsessed with Fried Chicken until I had it here.  It's very seasoned, nice spice, and the chicken was very moist and delicious.  You know it's good when you go 2 nights in a row!!!  I also had AMAZING fried grits, which were fluffy inside, crisp outside, smothered & topped with shrimp.  This was a Saturday special the waitress told us.   I also had the gumbo, rabbit and sausage jambalaya, house made cole slaw, and side of fries with hot sauce.  The bar is cool, the staff is helpful and real (kudos to Stef, a rad waitress), and the music is cool.  I will tell anyone visiting New Orleans to go here.  Just remember to order the Fried Chicken & fried grits.Love this place!!! I died for their Cajun Fried Chicken!! It came with a side of rabbit and sausage jambalaya and cole slaw!! It was so delicious I think is come back to New Orleans just to try some more of this!!!When we asked our NOLA Yelpies for a quick Cajun/Creole reco, they suggested this place. When we walked in there Sunday morning at 11, I started thinking, "They sent us to a dive bar?" Rule of Life #4 - Don't jump the gun, and don't jump to conclusions.Because Coop's Place is actually a cool place: Their sampler platter of gumbo, shrimp creole, red beans & rice, Cajun fried chicken, and an interesting rabbit & sausage Jambalaya was a Zydeco feast. If there had been fried alligator bits in front of us, we would've done them too - oh wait, we did. The Creole green beans were delicious, the Bloody Marys superb, and any venue with both Tabasco & Sriracha on the table is pretty serious. (Okay, if you know me personally, we'll talk about animal parts & Bloody Marys later.)By 11:30am, Coop's was packed with not only tourists (Seriously, you had to bring all your luggage here?), but with what appeared to be real NOLA people as well, resplendent in Sunday finery and gentile charm. I thought the service here was great. Incidentally, if you have photosensitive epilepsy, you may not want to sit at the bar.  Since I probably know less about Cajun/Creole cuisine than any nine-year-old living in Louisiana, I'm just hesitant to say this place is as good as it gets, because how would I know? Did I have a good time? Yes. Would I come back? In a po'boy heartbeat. Coop's Place is indeed a cool experience in the French Quarter. And when it comes to the Rules of Life, respect them.Yum!  Great New Orleans food off of the beaten path.  All of it was good!Great spot! Terrific New Orleans cuisine at very reasonable prices. The wait for a table is a line outside, but it's worth it. Had the rabbit and sausage jambalaya and salad. bf had red beans and rice (very meaty but a little bland) and pork chop. Great music and friendly staff. We'll be back. RW & LS.Came here for dinner with my sister and friend on a sunday night. we got seated right away. The inside is very dark, it was kind of hard to see the menu. We ordered jambalaya, rice and beans with cajun fried chicken and my sister got a salad and asked for bread on the side.The food came very quickly within 10 minutes! The jambalaya was very salty! However, my sister never got her bread or the salad dressing! My friend's rice & beans and fried chicken was a good proportion. The jambalaya portion was very small for the price! Overall, it was OK. I dont think I would go back here again. There are better places to eat in NOLA.The real problem was the attitude of the bartender.   One of the people in our party wasn't sure on what to have and asked for a  the bartenders for a suggestion.  The bartender acted like a jerk and that we were bothering him. At that point, we left.I have to agree with Bobby B.'s review "Do not treat people like shit just to make yourself feel better. It just makes you look like a total loser...If i was the owner, I would can the hipster idiot elitists and hire people who actually want to be good workers and help the customers."DAMN.HOT DAMN. My mouth is watering as I'm writing this.I'm reliving the dream.A local told me about this spot. I'm so glad she did because she gave me the greatest gift: COOPS.This place is always poppin. To the point where there is a line to get in.I got the lamb rib appetizer and the Jumbalaya Supreme. The lamb was tender, cooked perfectly, and just the right amount of spice. They came with this liquid crack known as pepper jelly. I was so upset they didn't because I would have had a case in my house now as we speak. The jumbalaya was a dream. A delicious, spicy, meaty dream. Sausage, rabbit, rice.......mmmm. Left my mouth wanting more. If you're ever in New Orleans, stop here at least once. Worth every bite.Saturday night we had a late night dinner here with 9 people.  We had to split into 2 tables, but we were right next to each other so it was fine.This place is a hole in the wall, but it has good food and good service.  I had the shrimp creole and it was good.  I was really envious of the tasting plate which was only a couple dollars more than my plate and included shrimp creole, jambalaya, gumbo, red beans and rice, and fried chicken.  It all looked great.The bathroom here is creepy as hell though.  You have to walk out the back door to get to the bathrooms which are outside.  As I opened the door to get outside, an employee walked past me with a bag and garbage and threw it in the dumpster, and a couple other employees were standing around outside smoking.  I can't blame them for any of this, since this was outside behind the restaurant.  But it was so odd that this is where the bathroom was.I highly recommend it here!! The Alfredo pasta was good and the crab stuffed jalapeño poppers were tasty. Friendly servers and funky decor makes the atmosphere relaxed and you feel welcome. I'd go again for sure.Epic fried chicken, like wtf. Such delicious, much yum. The servers are excellent, the cooks are ridiculous... i could order like a thousands sides of coleslaw forever and be so happy... that's obscene when you're surrounded by such wonderful sea food, but that is what is UP here. Everything is beyond par. Everything rules forever.Food wasn't tasty at this tourist trap.The duck quesadilla is soooooooooo good....A friend and I stopped in here by chance...The green beans, the lamb, EVERYTHING WE HAD WAS MARVELOUS...Lively atmosphere..Friendly staffThis place is good, and it's a good place to go to in the Quarter for food. They have a really good beer selection, and the fried chicken is really good. I think everyone in the party was really happy with their meal.But, when I went there I was with a large group, and they took a really long time to seat us. They told us it would be a 35 minute wait, and it ended up being at least an hour wait. It was also really annoying that we had such a large party and they refused to let us split the check with cards, we had to pay a $170 bill all in cash or put it on one person's card. I don't really think it would have been impossible for them to do...I'm a 13 year local to NOLA and my first visit was...interesting. I got the sampler and it was...er...ok at best...but the service was shite. Seriously. Why do the bartenders act like they are somehow working at Hot Topic or maybe an Apple store.Do not treat people like shit just to make yourself feel better. It just makes you look like a total loser.The food is mostly ok. A few things were pretty good but not worth the attitude.If i was the owner, I would can the hipster idiot elitists and hire people who actually want to be good workers and help the customers.For the most part, restaurants in the Quarter are either well-known, great places or mediocre places that tourists will go. This is a rare place in the Quarter that fits the niche of decent food without having to go the upscale dining and price route. Fried chicken is great as is the jambalaya.I love the duck quesadillas and the rabbit and tasso jambalaya. If you pass by and there is not a line out the door, GO RIGHT THEN! It has a dive atmosphere. The food is great and worth the wait. Just be prepared for a dive atmosphere with dive service.I liked Coop's Place. It was a hole in the wall, which I prefer over big corporate restaurant chains. The food was traditional cajun fare and the beer was cold.Rabbit and Sausage Jambalaya is delicious, salad with the Green Goddess dressing also recommended. Staff are welcoming and good humoured.The food - GreatThe service - piss poorThe ambiance - even worse if at all possible.Like all the reviews say, if you can close your eyes and ears, your tummy will thank you.Incredible crawfish étouffée and the service was great. We were able to walk in and got seated at the bar immediately. First time in New Orleans and if I get the chance to, I will most definitely be going back. Very high remarks for this place.Wayyyyyy behind on my review of this great place...   Follow your stomach and your hearts soul to some great food here. Walk past the  tourist glitz and catchy named-themed places and get you some intimate and down to earth N'Orleans food here.  I cannot claim ownership of finding this place... I was told by a friend and non-Yelper to come here... and ta-dahhh.. hunger addressed and soul-appetite quenched.  We ordered the gumbo and the Rabbit & Sausage Jambalaya... with a salad on the side. It did not hesitate to knock us back for more.  The iced tea and the beer were perfect on a hot day and the cool inside seating allowed us time to relax.  It is amazing on how many people walk by this place and NOT know its a great place to eat. As we exited, a family was trying to decide where to go get food... I quickly convinced them that they need not go any further.  Overall, I thank my friend for telling me about Coops when I visited and I thank Coop's for giving me some great food to Yelp about!Yes, three stars - it's just fair!This place was recommended to us by 2 different people,... and while I can say it is decidedly decent (particularly after leaving Maspero - gag) it isn't necessarily worth waiting in line for.The merlot was thankfully good as they only had 'red and white' - and a very gruff waiter to boot. (Thank you, angry hipster).The decor is good and so is the smell once you get seated inside.My husband had a mint julep and discovered he isn't a fan - well to each his own, right? :)The seafood gumbo lacks seafood. It had a nice spice and decent flavor,... but c'mon, you guys are doing enough business to add more seafood.. (though the crab claw with shell still on was an interesting touch).We got crab-meat stuffed jalapenos which, despite the waiter saying 'people find them hot' - really were entirely mild.The fried okra was a bit too dry - but I know, it's hard to make perfect fried okra, and along that line, it was fine.The beans and rice with grilled andouille laid out on either side may have been good, if it hadn't been riddled with pulled pork. What the what? I get trying to put your own spin on a classic, but seriously - red beans n rice with sausage doesn't need pulled pork!  Nachos need pulled pork, BBQ's need pulled pork, prolly even po'boys need pulled pork - but red beans n rice? Not so much!My husband had the sampler platter and therefor fared far better than I.  It came with the same strange red beans and rice, but also with delicious fried chicken with spicy skin that was cooked just right.It also came with one of the food-highlights of the trip - amazing jambalaya. I will go so far as to say this is probably the best jambalaya I've ever had in my life.  Excellent spice and truly fresh flavors.What I've learned? Ignore the rude waiter - and definitely *Get the jambalaya, obviously!*This is my second visit to Coop's and it's confirmed I really love the food here. It's dark, dank and crowded but the food is amazing. The place is very small and it has been PACKED both times I have gone. I really enjoyed the crowded dark and dank atmosphere. *Must be 21 to enter.PROS: Crab claws             Alligator bites             Rabbit and Andouille sausage jambalaya             CONS: The bathroom and the area around the bathroom.For years I have been telling my folks to come try this place out. They always said, oh we didn't make it down there, so and so didn't want to go, blah, blah, blah.We finally made it! 8 of us showed up and took up 2 tables of 4, as they don't have room for large tables. Sadly, when the group decided to go I had JUST had a late brunch, so I was stuffed. I ordered myself a garden salad, with house made blue cheese dressing. Who knew they made their own dressing?! It was a pretty kick ass salad if I don't say so myself.Other fellow diners ordered the Coop's sampler, great for first time visitors, as they are famous for their fried chicken as well as the rabbit and sausage jambalaya, both included in the sampler. My Dad ordered the jambalaya to start (I insisted) and the oyster and shrimp po-boy.Everyone was blown away by how excellent the food tasted and no detail was spared. The jambalaya is as good as I remembered, such an awesome flavor and texture. My Dad's po-boy was off the chain. It was overflowing with oysters and shrimp, therefore I got a few bites for myself. The batter on the fried seafood is so amazing, it coats the seafood well, yet does not distract from the shrimp and oyster taste. It's actually pretty similar to my grandmother's batter recipe... brings back memories of being at the lake/beach!!Our service was much better than my last experience and we all left full and happy, can't wait to go back!The attitude I received from this place was ridiculous. Everything was just pissing this woman off. She looked like the owner/ manager. The "famous gumbo" had good flavor but it was watery. I ordered the extra seafood gumbo- $11.95 a bowl, and the "extra seafood" ended up being like 5 frozen from a box shrimp. Ugh just keep on walking people!!!!!As locals, we love this place! The food is awesome and true to New Orleans style. We were there last night and had Kat as our server. She was awesome. She was making jokes with us and paid attention to our needs.  In other reviews, people have complained about the "rude" service. It's a bar, not a corporate restaurant. The staff is there to work and not to kiss your ass. Just enjoy the food and the atmosphere that Coop's has. Life is too short to be upset about the little things.While the fried chicken and gumbo are pretty good, I do not think them worthy of the lengthy wait for a table. We started lining up around 5 pm and still couldn't sit until nearly 6. Service is perfunctory. One thing the server did that irritated me was putting our soup spoons directly onto the wood table. Gross. Sure they may wipe down that table between groups but let's be real those tables are NOT clean.  One of the food runners dropped one of my friends pieces of chicken on the floor in a moment of carelessness. They fixed him a fresh one but I just get the sense they don't really give a crap. As far as the chicken itself, the fried skin is crispy, and the meat is moist. But it could use some more seasoning. When I found myself reaching for the hot sauce I knew it couldn't merit 4 stars.  The rabbit and sausage jambalaya would be better if it was truly fresh, but I am pretty sure they make a big batch and then just keep it warm instead. The gumbo was the best thing there.One starOne fly in waterOne rude waitress who yelled at people to wait out side since the sign says please wait to be seatedOne average plate of supreme jambalaya with burnt bits of meatOne unsatisfied customerI almost want to avoid giving this place such a great rating because I don't want to turn it into a tourist trap, but the place is so good I have to.You know something is up when a dive bar has 8 couples waiting on line outside at 7PM for dinner. We get in, old Pearl Jam is playing, and the place is packed. Waiter takes our order (Sazerac for me, Bloody Mary for my wife, the duck quesadilla as an app, rabbit and sausage jambalaya for me, chicken Tchopitoulas for her). Waiter was a bit, em, forgetful, and forgot everything after the drinks, but was good-natured, and admitted his fault quickly. We still got the food in a reasonably quick amount of time.The duck quesadilla was amazing. I could see it served in NYC for $16/17 easily. Same with the jambalaya and chicken dishes.  Food was so good we came back for lunch a couple of days later, and in a city with over 200 restaurants, that says something.  They make their own tasso using a smoker in the back, which makes the yard smell amazing, which is good, because the bathrooms are, well, very divey.I heard a lot of great things about this place, and decided to roll in one night while a tad buzzed and more than a tad hungry.  All in all I honestly don't have too much to say. The food was good, but not great by any means. The drinks were also just okay.  I don't regret stopping here, but I probably wouldn't go back. There are much better spots in the area in the same price range.Disregard all negative reviews. This is a great place with friendly staff and delicious food. Coops taste plate is a great way to try all of the delicious New Orleans cuisine they have. The oyster po'boy was overflowing with fried oysters. I can't stress enough how friendly the waitress was, she was helpful with recommendations and attentive to all of our needs. Definitely a must go when you visit NOLA.You know that little hole-in-the-wall looking place when you're nearing the end of Decatur towards Esplanade that always has a line of folks waiting to get in? Well, that's Coop's Place and the line is omnipresent for a good reason. (Unlike other places whose lines only end in disappointment. I'm looking at you, Mother's.)The food is out of this world good. My boyfriend claims they have the best burger in town. While that may or may not be true (I need to do a lot more research before I 'll make that claim about anywhere), their fries are the stuff of legends. And, so is the rest of the food. I had a bowl of crawfish and tasso pasta on my last visit that I just can't stop thinking about. Everything they serve is spicy, New Orleans goodness. Speaking of spicy, be sure to get a Bloody Mary or three while you're there, too. Don't worry, you can afford them because because, despite the high demand for the delicious food, their prices are stuck in the 20th century. Yes, you heard me right, cheap prices for great food. In the Quarter. Just go get in line, wait your turn and thank me later. And this is coming for someone who in almost all other situations absolutely refuses to wait in line at any restaurant. But Coop's the rare exception and worth every second spent waiting.I really enjoyed this place when visiting Nola. It's a dive bar but not gross, and a great escape from some of the more touristy places in the area.I got the taste plate, which had a sampling of everything. I wish I had just gotten the jambalya because it by far stood out, along with the fried chicken. Speedy service and great food, I would come back!This is one of my favorite sports in NOLA!The Fried Chicken is excellent.  The jumbalaya is some of the very best that Ive ever had. Be careful about splitting checks if you come in a large group.The first time I patronized Coop's Place was 10 years ago on a local's recommendation. On that occasion, the service was friendly and the food was fantastic. Well, that was ten years ago and Coop's has changed! For my trip to N.O. in 2013, I was so excited to bring my travel companion to the casual, friendly place I remembered. When we arrived around 10:45p.m. there was a line of about 6 people at the door. This was a little unexpected, but not discouraging. After a few minutes, I peered into the bar/restaurant window and saw 2 empty 4 tops and 3 empty 2 tops; enough room to seat 14 people. In addition, the bar was half empty. Hmmm. I commented to the gal in front of me that it was a little strange to be waiting outside when there are several empty seats. The girl answered angrily, "I know, right?!!"The waitress came out a couple times to verify how many are in each party, but insisted we stay outside. After about 5 minutes, 2 people left and at about 8 minutes we were let in. After being seated, the waitress (who also acted as a bartender) did not come around for drink orders until about 8-10 minutes after seating us. She was abrupt and somewhat rude when taking the orders, but softened a little when she discovered we weren't the impatient and demanding tourists that maybe she was expecting.We ordered the crab stuffed jalapenos, Coop's taste plate and Redfish Meuniere. The Jalapenos were soggy and the crab stuffing bland. Plus, they were luke warm. The taste plate was not any better. The red beans and rice were incredibly bland; the rabbit Jambalaya was mushy and tasteless; and the shrimp creole dull. According to the certificate on the wall, Coop's has the best gumbo in New Orleans, but the gumbo on our table was watery and flat with little seafood. My Redfish was better, however. The fish was cooked perfectly, moist and firm. The meuniere sauce was not traditional as they added worcestershire sauce and some other seasonings to the usual butter, wine and lemon recipe. The flavors melded well, but the cook put a bit too much worcestershire and it over- powered the other ingredients. My friend and I finished less than half our meal because we did not find the food to be appetizing. Our waitress did stop by once to check on us, but again, her demeanor wasn't exactly friendly. It seems that the locals get better treatment, but it is to be expected since some tourists are unpleasant and the sheer volume of people coming into this place must be taxing, particularly when the place seems to be understaffed. Still, I don't accept this as an excuse for surly, borderline rude, behavior.I'm sorry, Coop's, but on my next trip to New Orleans I will not be back. I'll just have to rely on my sweet memories of the past.Im from San Francisco and my friends and i made our way out here. We wanted some authentic southern delicious comfort food.  This. Place. Was. Phenomenal! So good I almost ate the bones. We got the Cajun fried chicken and it came with the best coleslaw on the planet.  I will for sure be coming back before I leave. YummWhen we came in they were very rude and told us to walk outside to wait to be seated.We tried to eat here with a group but they would not offer any split checks. One check one card.  So we left. Not accommodating.I'm fairly conflicted about Coop's for a few reasons. My initial reaction to seeing the long line outside was along the lines of "what sort of tourist trap did I walk into now?" To make matters worse, I heard multiple passersby wonder out loud as to why such an obsession exists with the spot in the first place. After a lengthy wait, we settled with four seats at the bar. If I had imbibed to a greater degree prior to entering, I would have been entirely at ease in Coop's. Unfortunately, I was completely sober; I had sought out Coop's solely for a (hopefully) quality dinner.Once seated, I quickly took note of how crowded the restaurant is. What little space the restaurant had to offer in the first place was crowded with tables, offering just enough space for one person to squeeze between seats at a time. Our waiter/bartender appeared disinterested and wasn't the friendliest, but he came through (asking whether we needed another drink, refilling water, etc.) in a timely fashion. Other waiters/waitresses were very genial - perhaps our guy was having an off day.While Coop's was completely filled, our food was served rather quickly (in less than 20 minutes). I ordered the jambalaya supreme and found it to be quite good and very filling. The dish was spicy and zesty but not overly salty or rich. The plate on which the jambalaya is served seems rather small, but the rice mashed with the rabbit and Andouille sausage is very dense.I won't be back at Coop's for its dining experience, but with a few drinks in my system and an alcohol-induced hunger, Coop's is definitely very appealing and will satisfy your desire for some 'dirty' food.Coop's was recommended to us by a friend, sadly I think they may not be much of a foodie.The atmosphere was dingy and dark, which you can expect from a divey restaurant/bar in the French Quarter, but I wasn't expecting the trash cans to be just outside the dining room area in the kitchen. That seems like a health code violation if you ask me!The service was slow but it seemed like they were short handed, so I can excuse that. As for the food, a friend ordered the fried chicken, which she said was really good.I ordered the rice and beans with sausage, the portion was quite large, but the dish was served just lukewarm and had no seasoning at all. After adding salt and some hot sauce it was just edible. Fortunately I wasn't starving, so I didn't eat much. One of my friends ate more of my dish than I did and later that night we both were sick.I felt better by the next afternoon, but my friend felt ill the rest of our trip.Sorry, Coop's, I wanted to love your food.... but was really disappointed.I would recommend them just as a bar to hang out and have a couple beers.The food may be fine but the service is extremely poor. We went there in December 2013 and the hostess named Jerry is extremely rude with no interpersonal skills. I decided to give him the benefit of the doubt where he may have had a bad day and give the restaurant a try. Well, I was wrong and it went downhill from there.Jerry provided us so many different waiting times when we will be seated. It was 45 minutes initially, then it became 15 minutes, later it became any moment and then back up to 10 minutes. We probably waited over 30 minutes when we were seated. Then we had to wait another 7 to 10 minutes before we can order our food. The food was not worth the wait and hassle that we got from the hostess and waitress.  Since the service was poor we decided to tip 10%. Since we had a party of 6 they automatically added 20% on our billed. We just paid the bill with cash with a 10% tip and left. Both the hostess and waitress literally came after us on the street and demanded that we pay for the full tip and order something off the menu to make up for the poor service!! What kind of business would do something like that? Why would we spend more time in a restaurant that has poor service and the food was just OK? Why would we want to spend more time waiting and waiting to order food when we know the service is below standard?  They treat their customers with poor service and then demand their automated 20% gratuity regardless of how well they serve their customers. It is like wearing your jeans backwards. Just because the reviews are a little above average, be careful. The fried chicken is OK. The other dishes are just OK. Nothing to get excited about and not worth the wait. If you have to use their bathrooms, you may need to bring your own toilet seat covers. The 20% tip is not reflective of their run down facilities. When you go in the back to use their rest rooms you will see a breeding ground for pests and rodents. Someone should call the city health inspectors to see if they are in compliance with city ordinances. I should have taken pictures of their back rooms to share but we just wanted to get out of there.I had a wonderful visit 1 1/2 years ago. The Mimosas were the icing on the cake! It was very busy but well worth it! The service was awesome and the food was delicious. All of our dishes were different and we were all extremely satisfied. When I come back, Coops is on the top of the list!Note: this is my memory from years ago, and I still think it's the best fried chicken I've not only ever had but actually changed my thinking about fried chicken in generalCoop's doesn't look like much. It is dive bar-y. The bathroom, if you have to go, should come with a warning label. The "service" has some serious attitude (fine with me, whatever). But you're not here for any of that. What you're here for is the fried chicken. I don't even know they made fried chicken like this. I don't know what they do to (and I don't want to know) but it is like, like, heaven if heaven is full of fats and meats and deep fried goodness. No wonder Southerners are fat, if it all tastes like this. God damn. And the rabbit jambalaya (which my sister still curses me for eating - years later, "poor bunnies," well poor bunnies taste delicious sometimes) also really damn good. This is a local's place. Good food. Good drinking. Who cares if the table wobbles?I was so glad to find this local spot in the French Quarter. This is a popular place, where there is usually a line, but if you go with a smaller group, it's not too bad of a wait. The marinated crab claws are THE BEST! I like their gumbo, but not so much their jambalaya (personal preference). Their fried chicken is also great. The atmosphere of this place is casual and the bartenders are really helpful and hardworking.Did not live up to the hype. I had been so excited about coming here & I was not impressed. Service was sloooooow & that was almost surprising, but I guess that's why there's such a long wait? My food came out lukewarm and not great. 1 friend didn't enjoy her food at all. Our other friend loved her dish. Maybe it was just an off day, but I'm in no rush to try it again when there are so many other great places to go.....without waiting outside for however long.Visited during Mardi Gras so a line was expected, but we waited for a while even at 2 pm. The Cajun fried chicken was amazing the skin was crispy and delicious. The coleslaw with meal had a complementary taste.The others in the party had the jambalaya supreme with the rabbit, chicken, sausage and shrimp. They noted it was drier than what they expected, but were extremely happy with the consistency.Small place - expect a wait; staff was pleasant.Wow, we loved Coop's place. It was our last night in NOLA and we took a stealth suggestion from a woman at Urban Outfitters..."if it's got a line it's worth the wait" is what she said. Sometimes I think that's a viral "lemmings falling over the cliff" deal, but not with Coop's. We waited for maybe 30min or so in line, and then were seated. We sat next to a lovely couple from NY and checked out the menu. We had creole soup, some gumbo, a few appetizers, and a beer. Everything was great and I thought the service and food were excellent. Yes, the ambiance is "come as you are" and it definitely feels like a bar that serves food, but wow, what food! My wife and I are not fried food people but I was ready to convert after being at Coop's! I look forward to coming back to NOLA and to Coop's!A hole in the wall that's definitely worth exploring! 21+ to enter, most likely because everyone there gets something to drink. The local beers are great and the food here is real local taste. It's not a place where the tourists run to, but the locals. Bartender was really nice and the food was great. Best jambalaya I ever had and the fried chicken is a must taste. Shrimp creole is passable but still tasty. The atmosphere only added to the New Orleans swampy vibe. I loved it and will definitely come back next time I'm in town.Great friend chicken and beer. Sort of off the tourist path as well which is nice.The tradition is to play as many Michael Jackson songs as possible on the jukebox. Keep it going!What the hell?? We got recommended this place by 3 locals. Walked 10 blocks to there. We walk in about one foot. I glance at a table a foot away. Immediately I get yelled at by a waiter" That table is dirty!!!!!" Well, duh. Noticed that a second in. Then, we get yelled at by some other guy who is also a waiter who comes up to us, and points to a tiny sign saying please wait to be seated. We are about 10 inches away from this sign. He is rude, aggressive, and very unfriendly, pointing to this sign. He gets IN MY FACE. He seats us. We feel very unhappy. Not cool, not treated well. We decide this is not the energy we want. We get up to leave, wave goodbye to waiter, he comes out after us and calls us... " CUNTS" Are you kidding me??? Owner: local or not, how dare you allow your employees, who you pay, to call a few young women "CUNTS" for not wanting to be treated badly the second we walked in. You may get a lot of local business, but being in the industry myself and experiencing something so horrible at your place is horrific. I can assure you, I am not drunk, feisty, or mean spirited. I didn't deserve such complete rudeness. I encourage you to investigate these matters! Please! That was the worst experience I have ever had in a restaurant. I am a chef, and that was appalling. Customer service??! Geez. Horrible. Very sad.I'm not phobic about germs (after all, what doesn't kill you makes you stronger), but there was enough standing water on the latrine floor that it sloshed onto my ankles with every step.  Yup. Pretty gross.  The service was even better!Waitress was aggressive - bordering on violent.  I genuinely thought that she was on bath salts and planning to eat my face off.  Not sure how long she's worked there or why she made it through even a single day, but I'd be surprised if she survived Super Bowl Weekend without being canned, or beat up in a dark alley.On the upside, the fried chicken was pretty decent.  Coop's is also near Frenchmen Street, and that place will cure what ails you!  A few drinks and songs later I had all but forgotten the face-eating waitress thing.On my quest for the best fried chicken in NO Coop's is up there with Willie Mae's.  This is your more traditional crust but done perfectly.  The sides were stars on their own.  The Jambalaya was one of the best in the city.  Service was stellar.  Our waitress had us in and food in front of us within 15 minutes on a busy night.  I'm an Old Crow Medicine Show fan and having their music pumping in made it perfect.This place has gaming machines so no kids.  Which is an awesome move for the adults who don't own any children to enjoy their meals.If your in the quarter, your most likely eating a lot of horrid tourist food. Coops is not that kind of place. They do it right. From seafood platters to their red beans and rice, its a good place to stop for New Orleans style food. Its a line worth the wait.I did take a star off for the stupid long wait in the awful heat and humidity of September in NOLA. Took another off flr the only so-so food. My red beans and rice were incredible! But the fried chicken was mediocre. Probably not worth the wait. Lots of other spots with better creole food in town but if you're down in the quarter and looking for okay creole food...it'll do.undoubtedly my absolute favorite "normal-priced" meal in the big easy. highly recommended!if you are a fan of jambalaya, you MUST come here and get the rabbit and sausage jambalaya supreme!!!!! it is somewhat of a trek from the heart of the french quarter (~10 mins), but it is well worth the walk and the wait if there is one. although coop's place is no longer a "local's only" secret, it still retains that dive bar atmosphere -- and consequently, large portions for very reasonable prices.my jambalaya dish brimming with rabbit, sausage, shrimp, crawfish, and tasso? only $12. the rest of my trip, i was never this full and satisfied off of only $12. it was just so packed with FLAVOR, words don't do it justice.i also tried my friend's gumbo, and it blew the tasty (or so i thought at the time) gumbo i had the night before out the window. it was thick, creamy (read: not watered down), and again flavorful.the bartender/server was a little funky, but it's a dive bar, what do you expect? i say it gives the place character.Coops used to be my sh*t!  I work with large groups of tourists on a regular basis and when asked where to eat in the quarter I always sent them to Coops.  I have a deep respect for their jumbalaya and thought there gumbo was some of the best.It may still be---I will never know if the food is still good and I will also never direct the thousands of out-of-towners I work with every year to Coops again.I'm a guy so the disgusting bathroom everyone is complaining about only moderately bothers me.HOWEVER---being a total D to everybody you think is a tourist coming to spend money at your dingy little dive, in fact waiting in line to do so is seriously unforgivable.  The wait staff is so curt and has such a bad attitude that you'd think they weren't working for tips.  I have always doubted the truth about "Southern Hospitality" as I often get cut in line, hear people cussing each other out over parking spaces, and watch people throw trash all over the place, but I thought Coops would be a good representation of a non-tourist trap in the quarter.It used to be.Guess you got jaded.If you want a little taste of nawlins go to coops place. It's affordable and delicious. I ordered the coops sampler which had all the favorites included and it was amazing. Seafood gumbo? Perfect. Red beans and rice? Amazing. Rabbit and sausage jambalaya? Out of this world. The fried chicken was probably the best I have ever had, ever. It's a dive, no one under 21 in & plays great music with cheap drinks. I will def be back during my next visit to NOLA.If you are in the mood for some really really good Fried Chicken and don't mind waiting in line way too long for it with several over-talkative drunk Bourbon Street patrons, then this is the place for you.This place was completely packed when we arrived at around 7:30 PM, and several drunk passersby assured us that it was worth the wait and that it was some of the best and most authentic food available in New Orleans. Though I wouldn't normally trust and/or promote the food opinions of a drunk person, they happened to be dead on in this case.After about a 20 or 30 minute wait, we were finally able to procure a seat at the noisy bar. It's a fun, very lively atmosphere, due largely in part to the rowdy clientele.Service is brusque and pretty inattentive, but it's all forgiven once you finally get your food. Somehow the Fried Chicken plate, which comes with a generous helping of their Jambalaya is only $11, a real steel. This is some excellent fried chicken, and is actually better than the version I had earlier at the over-hyped Willie Mae's.We also got the Red Fish platter ($17). It would have been a much better choice to get the Po Boy version, since the plain rice and vegetables it came with instead were pretty passable (also, everybody knows you don't make friends with salad).I'd say it's definitely worth the wait to come here to try the Jambalaya and the Fried Chicken.Went here our first night in New Orleans and it was pretty good.  I got the jambalaya with the added shrimp and crawfish and my friend got the red beans and rice with a pork chop.  For the price I thought the jambalaya and was tiny serving and there was only 3-4 shrimp on it.  It was super spicy and had great flavor, but kind of mushy.  The red beans and rice was delicious and a generous serving.  I probably would have given it 4 stars if the serving of jambalaya matched the price and if it wasn't so outrageously loud.  We could barely have a conversation while we ate.In an expanse of chain restaurants and tourist traps, Coop's is a breath of fresh air. My husband and I made it a point to find places that the locals frequented in NOLA, and were directed to Coop's by a friend who highly recommended it.Walking by the place during the day, I was a little thrown off by the ambiance. It's basically a hole-in-the-wall type bar with serving tables crammed in around the empty space. I was a bit skeptical, but found my adventurous spirit and decided to go that evening for dinner.We got to Coop's on a Thursday around 7pm. Place was packed with locals and tourists alike --a good sign in my opinion. Our friendly waitress found us a spot at one of the community tables, and promptly brought us our drinks. Although some people were thrown off by the long, communal tables different parties share, I found it to be pretty cool. We had a chance to chat with some other tourists who were seated with us, and had the opportunity to swap stories.On to the food --OH. MY. I am not sure how/why people are complaining about Coop's food being bland --it was the BEST meal I had the entire time I was in NOLA. I ordered the two-piece Cajun fried chicken, which came with a side of rabbit and sausage jambalaya and homemade cole slaw. Holy mother loving foodie! Everything was amazing! I really, really enjoyed the jambalaya... the rabbit was a really great flavor. The perfect amount of spice and savory. The chicken was moist and the seasoning flavorful. YUM.Right now, as I type this, I am salivating.When the check came, we were pleasantly surprised to find it was cheaper than most of the other meals we had on our honeymoon. What an awesome find!Overall, I would recommend Coop's to anyone looking to get authentic food and a great, friendly atmosphere. It was by far my favorite meal of the whole trip, and I can't wait to visit next year!The staff is mean, and the service is terrible!!!! We were repeatedly yelled at, told to stand in various places and in various lines that made no sense, then we were ignored and couldn't find anyone to get us refills or our check... AHHHH!The food is fine, but in New Orleans you can get creole, jambalaya, gumbo, RB&R, etc. anywhere. There are places with better food, and I'd even settle for slightly worse food if I don't have to spend my meal being insulted and treated like persona non grata. If you do not want to serve tourists, do not work on Decatur Street! HELLO! Until the current reign is over, I will not return to Coop's Place. The vibe sucks.How would you feel if you saw two cockroaches crawling around on your table? Definitely one of the nastiest things. The place did look like it needed some cleaning, dust bunnies on the walls and posters. Service was horrible and the staff was very rude. The waiter was mean and he kept telling us to order more food. I seriously think it's our own choice, if we need more we will order more later!  Food was okay but I wouldn't come back. Nothing amazing or special to mention about. the taste platter looked messy. 4 piles of mush with a chicken wing at the center. The red bean and rice had good flavor. I pretty much won't be coming back since I was only there for vacation. Cajun/creole everywhere in New Orleans...no need to come here. There were great reviews about the food by previous yelpers, I guess expected more.I got there just before 6 which apparently was perfect, there was a couple in front of us waiting is all.  However when we left there was a solid 10 groups in line. Jambalaya had just enough spice to it but not overdone. The chicken was a little dry and I think could have been spicier. The gumbo was delicious and of course a very friendly staff!If it was 2012 and based on the previous reviews I would have given this place 5 stars, however the jambalaya  was mediocre and left a lot to be desired. The shrimp and meats were over cooked  and the rice felt like I was eating hard oatmeal. I gave it three  stars because it is a nice place to have a drink with friends but not to go and have a great New Orleans mealMy brother came from out of town and wanted to eat this place so badly.. So we went and I didn't realize that the line is outside the door. I walked in to see and the hostess was so rude!! So told me "line is outside and you are cutting!" Wtf? Obviously I didn't know. Anyways, we waited and we didn't realize that one of the girls forgot their IDs. She did not check IDs for the people infront of us or behind us so we didn't know. I was curious, was it because we were Asian? I mean both other parties were cajun folks. So of course I was angry by now.  We ended up leaving and coming back.  Now our party became 8 instead of 4, and it was a longer wait. Instead of waiting we decide let's just split tables. Just so happens both were right next to each other. Bright idea is let's put the table together!! The waiter made a big deal and saying we could do that.I gave two stars because the fried chicken was delicious and the seafood pasta was amazing. Other then that jambalaya was tomato based, which made it sweet. I didn't enjoy anything else.Worst service ever!! Definitely not a great impression if new olreans at all.Everything was exceptionally tasty except for that gumbo soup (thus the 1 star deducted in the rating). That gumbo soup tasted like it was a 2 day leftover meal (very sour, not fresh, and definitely was not tasty).However, the fried chicken was out of this world. I have to agree with fellow yelpers that it was one of the few fried chickens that I have tasted that blew my mind. The fried chicken was so crispy on the outside, and very tender and juicy on the inside. The seafood jimbalaya pasta and jimbalaya rice was exceptional as well. Out of those two, I preferred the jimbalaya pasta (a bit oily & spicy, but full of taste). We enjoyed our meals with a bottle of Abita Purple Haze & Abita Amber.  YUM! P.S - If you come at night time there is no wait at all. Waitress was super friendly also. Coop's is Highly Recommended for your fried chicken & jimbalaya needs!I still dream about this place!  We were in town for the NCAA tournament and asked a bike taxi guy where he eats and he told us about this place.  We were not prepared for how good this place really was.  We were warned there would be a bit of a wait, so we grabbed a drink at the place next door.  I loved the seating where you could sit next to anyone, we had so much fun when the live band was playing and we were up dancing with complete strangers.  But what I loved more was the food.  The jambalaya was excellent, but what was so good it made me want to fly home and punch my grandma in the face for making me believe hers was the best.  I feel like every other piece of fried chicken I had in my life was a lie.  We ate there again before we left and we were only there for 3 days.  I tell everyone going to Nawlins to go here, they've always thanked me for the recommendation upon returning.This is simple. If you visit the French Quarter, you must eat at Coop's. No hemming and hawing and weighing options. Go. And when you go, you must eat the jambalaya. Don't ponder over the menu. Just scan for the items that contain the word "jambalaya." You still have choices. There's the standard jambalaya with rabbit and smoked pork sausage, and there's the jambalaya supreme, which adds in shrimp, crawfish, and tasso sausage. You or someone in your party needs to just get  a cup of gumbo, a jambalaya supreme, and any kind of Abita beer. Someone else can get a cup of gumbo and an order of fried chicken, since it comes with a side of jambalaya, and maybe a different kind of Abita beer. If there's a third person, the taste plate can be ordered, since it comes with a little jambalaya, fried chicken, gumbo, red beans and rice, and shrimp creole; and get another Abita. Just get a lot of jambalaya somewhere on your plate.You may have never envisioned yourself eating something with rabbit listed as an ingredient. But you have to eat it. And you will be forever glad that you did.You may have to wait to get in. You came all the way to New Orleans, which took you a long damn time and involved a whole lot of waiting in various lines, and now you don't want to wait a little while to eat the very things you came here to eat? You came here to do things like eat jambalaya at Coop's. Maybe you didn't know that's why you came here, but after you taste the jambalaya, you will realize that this is indeed why you came here.Don't expect love or validation from your server. If you had to deal with drunks who don't know how to be proper drunks on a nightly basis, if you had to serve drinks and keep track of half of the tables in the place at the same time, your demeanor would be gruff too.  Besides, there's plenty of love inside of that jambalaya. And the fact that you chose so wisely, in coming here and ordering the jambalaya, is all the validation you could ever need. If you made those choices, there can be no doubt about it: you are a genius.One final tip: eat the jambalaya.This grimy place is run by a couple crotchety old ladies who barked at us to wait outside when our group of 5 showed up for lunch. The jambalaya is loaded with meat but the rice is cooked down to a mush, I'm just not sure if this is the way its supposed to be or not. Pass on the sazerac, it looks and tastes like Robitussin on the rocks. Nothing was good enough to make me okay dealing with their contast assholishness. Everything was dumped on our table and snatched out of our hands. While we were eating I saw another waitress SCOLD a couple for attempting to walk to a table instead of wait by the door. It was unbelievable and I'm so glad they walked right back out. These old biddies should consider retirement if they think the rep of the place and their age precludes them from manners.Pretty loud and super popular. Waited for over an hour in line for a late dinner.  Small and kitchy.I wish I could give this place 0 stars for service.The food was all right but not worth it. At all. Avoid at all costs, there are MUCH better places to go for dinner in New Orleans.If I am new to the restaurant and am not really sure how what the protocol is for queueing for a table (wait outside, flush against the wall to the right of the door), please don't be curt with me. Please smile. You're a hostess--isn't being pleasant or at least polite to guests a HUGE part of your job description?If my friends and I (a party of five) have already been waiting for over forty minutes outside in the cold, and have seen groups of 2, 3, 4 who were behind us in line and were more promptly seated--fine, that's understandable, and likely just due to the tables that were available--but please do not seat a group of EIGHT before us. Hostess, I'm still talking to you.If I am cold because you seated my friends and I at the (ostensibly) least desirable table in the place (after what ends up being a 50+ minute wait to even get in, by the way) and ask you politely if it's okay to shut the door to the restaurant, please don't tell me that you can't, but that I'm "welcome to go deeper into the restaurant and do some jumping jacks to warm up!" Waitress, you can do better.If, after being told that the front door to the restaurant can't be closed (and if there are NO people waiting outside by this point in the evening), my friends and I ask if we can maybe move to a smaller nearby table, a little farther from the door, please do not tell us that it is "only a four-person table"... and then proceed to seat five (or three, I forget... but it definitely wasn't four!!) people there ten minutes later. Waitress, this is still all on you.Where was the Southern hospitality? This dinner basically ruined most of my night because I was FUMING.My more charitable friend who has worked in the restaurant business suggested we talked to the manager, which we did. He listened politely to our concerns, (I'm not sure if my irritation was still etched on my face at that point.) and said he would address them with the waitstaff at the end of the shift. So maybe it'll be better for the next folks who visit. I don't know; I don't plan on finding out for myself.Other annoying, but fun facts:-If you pay by credit card you can only put it on one card... no splitting of the check-There are random bits of art which are cool, but sometimes ironic; one reads "BE NICE OR STARVE." ... which was particularly great, to me, since I feel that philosophy should apply to the waitstaff-- be nice to your customers or get minimal/no tip!!!We originally wanted to come for late night food, but ended up being too full from oysters at Acme. So we came for lunch the next day =) I liked that this place wasn't overcrowded with tourists like most places in the French Quarter. We were seated immediately at lunch time which was a nice change from waiting 1+ hour for most of our meals. The Crab Claws are AMAZING! Get them marinated... so addicting! Fried chicken was tasty, as was the red rice and beans. The jambalaya wasn't a hit and the shrimp po-boy was disappointing. Bread was crunchy and nothing seemed put together. Would skip their po-boys.I don't know why all the hipsters were standing in line halfway around the block for this place. My friend and I were seated awkwardly close to other patrons and our food came out practically cold. Even though we'd heard good things about the fried chicken, I was thoroughly unimpressed with the bland seasoning.The drunk waitress spilled water on my camera bag as she was hugging someone while attempting to serve a glass of water on a tray. She apologized half-heartedly after I glared at her for a full minute, and didn't even give me anything to wipe off the water. She giggled awkwardly and said, "This is why I shouldn't use trays." No, this is why you shouldn't drink at work.The gumbo was great! Nice and spicy. The shrimp crawfish platter was bountiful but the crawfish was very bland. The shrimp part on the other hand was actually very tasty. The fries....meh!The service was good and the music was upbeat.We ate at Coop's while visiting New Orleans over Memorial Day weekend, and it was by far our best meal in the French Quarter! The rabbit and andouille sausage jambalaya was EXCELLENT, and their salads are fresh with wonderful homemade dressing.Coop's is small, but the staff are friendly and helpful. Ask your server what drink he/she would suggest to go with your meal... I ended up with a Strawberry Abita beer that perfectly fit my meal. Oh, and save room for some fried chicken... It is the best in the world! You can order it by the piece, so if you just want a taste, order a drumstick or two!Coop's is awesome. Authentic and delish! The jambalaya is out of this world! Smallplace, but so worth the wait!!This was the first restaurant stop for my friends and I visiting NOLA for the first time.. end result: delicious!... wait = worth it.. There was 8 in our party so it took us a little longer to get seated.. we ordered jambalaya.. gumbo.. fried chicken.. and shrimp creole..My favorite out of everything was the jambalaya.. the gumbo was a close 2nd.. the fried chicken was good but i thought it was a little dry.. the accompanying cole slaw was too delicious.. I'd wait in that line again just to have more of that jambalaya..The food was sliiiiiightly salty but still good.Great place to escape the August heat and cool down with a beer and Cajun/Creole food. If you are with a couple people start off with the sampler and taste their gumbo, fried chicken, jumbalaya, red beans and rice, and creole sauce. All are great. Then take your pick.Get the red beans and rice with sausage.Or what about their rabbit crawfish jumbalaya? So good.Atmosphere, proximity and staff also a plus.The jambalaya was mushy and over cooked. Service was not good. Gumbo was average. Fried chicken was eh. Thumbs up with pour on drinks. Food not impressed. Drinks ... I'll come back for that.We walked in looking for gumbo -- the waitress at Stanley's said that Coop's was pretty good. It was not. It was easily the most bland and disappointing gumbo we had on the whole trip. To be fair, there was hardly a wait when we got there at 1pm and the waitress was relatively attentive. The food just wasn't worth it.Standing outside to wait to eat at a 80's party bar is odd to even me. The tea was good. I ordered the rabbit and sausage jambalaya and fried chicken.....prepare to wait for your food for 15-20 minutes. The fried chicken was amazing! The burgers looked good passing by tooFays Bloody Mary is very, very good. Just order two when the waitress comes by. Trust me. Five star bloody. Cajun chicken. The best I had on our short vacation. I know it's not the best in NOLA and not even the best in San Francisco but it's pretty darn good. It won't disappoint. Four and a half stars.Red beans was really good as well. These are wonderful. If you just even sort of, a little bit, think you may kind of like red beans, then get these. Excellent. There was a line before it opened so come early. The feeling is that of a classic dive bar. It's not trying to be something spectacular although some of the food clearly is.89% chance I will be back.Got the sampler, and it was pretty good. I liked the seafood gumbo -- it was spicy and hearty. Jambalaya was good, though it was my first jambalaya so I don't have anything to compare it to. Fried chicken was yummy. Shrimp creole and red beans with rice were both just OK. The rice was a little watery, but I just mixed everything together and it was fine. So food was OK.Service was also OK.They added 20% gratuity to our bill (a little presumptuous, no?) since we were a party of 6. My friend who paid the bill didn't realize this, so she tipped another 20%. We didn't realize this until we were examining receipts on the way home from New Orleans. Annoying. And I get why restaurants add gratuity to large parties, but 20% is a bit much.Taking all of these things into consideration, I'd say it still ends up being a 3. It was just OK, so I don't know why there's a line to get in.The good:I ordered some crab claws (not fried) and they were super tasty.  I'm pretty sure I could eat that dish every day for the rest of my life, and at 7 bucks I could probably swing it. I loved the music there, they were blasting all kinds of crazy stuff from the 80s, and I was told the night before it was stuff from the 90s... say what you will, but few things are as much fun to sing to a 30something with a head full of booze than a playlist like that.The price. The rest: I don't dig rude or abrupt wait staff.  I understand the job sucks, especially when 90% of the people you deal with are drunk, but give me/us a chance.  If we come at you with a bit of dignity and respect please carve out a little bit of your time to return it. I was on a sazerac kick that night and the one I ordered from them totally took me off my little cloud.  I should have ordered a beer, I know. The bathroom was in worse condition than nearly any other I've seen in my entire life.  As someone who has not only seen what sailors can do to a salt water toilet on an aircraft carrier, but also what Iraqi solders can do to one in the bottom of a bunker after being holed up in it for weeks, I feel as if I'm a bit of an expert in toilet based environmental trauma.  I totally get that drunk people are destructive and that you're fighting an uphill battle, but this is really not cool.  The food across the board was meh save for those crab claws.I would go back for that and a beer, and maybe to try something else that I've not yet seen, but man, there are some really good places to eat in the french quarter, and life is short, so I dunno.  The crab claws though, they call to me.Red beans and rice = smoky, delicious, awesomeness. Probably my fave in New Orleans. Husband loved fried oyster sandwich! Plus, they carry all Abitas, not just amber.  Restoration ale is the best. :)Hidden dive, er gem, in heart of the French Quarter!  We'll definitely be back next time we visit.This is a dive bar, not a restaurant although the food is pretty good. We got - Cajun Fried Chicken (very good)- Rabbit & Sausage Jambalaya (good)- Shrimp Creole (ok)- Gumbo (very good)- Assorted fried seafood (ok)Not the cleanest of places, but it is a dive bar.We make a point to eat here every time we come to new Orleans.  Amazing food and great service.  The jambalaya is the best I've ever had.Was recommended to eat at coops from a friend who had been to nola before and I enjoyed my meal at the place. I ordered the sampler platter and got to try a little bit of everything from them. The store itself is pretty cool and tavern-like and service was good and food came quick. I thought the food tasted pretty good and would definitely come back to try something else if I am ever in town!tl;dr: 21+, cozy place, enjoyed their sampler platter and wish i could have tried more!Still Dreaming of the food at this joint. I can't figure out why I didn't know about this place back in 99 when I was there for Mardi Gras or even Jazzfest 05.Gritty place with great service. Small beer selection but includes good local stuff. No one under 21 allowed. It's stated multiple times all over the place so they may not be flexible on the policy;)If you eat nothing else, make sure it's the fried chicken.As long as I've been coming to New Orleans I always try to visit Coop's. A recent visit was the same. Here as soon as I got to town.. eating a special of craw fish etouffe and some fried okra and I was almost in tears. When I am away there is just no similar food. It's OK to cry to for Coop's. Also great fried chicken, great red beans and rice. Also - awesome BAR! Nice, friendly waitstaff and bartenders.Hands down some of the BEST food in the Quarter. It's a hole in the wall and I never would have tried it had I not read about in a local eats book. Go for lunch, unless you like waiting. It's very small, but the food is to die for! The rabbit jambalaya is the stuff of legend. My personal favorite is the lamb chop appetizer with pepper jelly. One thing I cannot vouch for is the chicken. The breading is amazing but the meat, although juicy and tender lacks seasoning, in my opinion. I tell EVERY person that says they are going to NOLA about Coop's. It's my favorite place in the entire city!!Last week's stellar experience had everything to do with our kick-ass waitress. OK, in addition to the food, but that's been historically good. I'll be honest and admit I have avoided Coops for two years, due to my refusal to ever wait on a damn line. I mean, there are so many good places to eat in town that don't have lines. So many, it's staggering to consider. But what those places don't have is our waitress (unless she moonlights across the street at Fiorella's, where the waitresses are just as cooly uncouth).We walked in, were welcomed to sit down and our girl of the moment promptly sat with us to take our order... when all of a sudden, your typical bumbling drunk idiot walked in the door with a slew of fellow bumbling drunk idiot friends. He positively staggered over to her, after she greeted them and asked them to wait at the door. But then he went to *grab* her. "Oh no you don't," promptly said I.And then started the entertaining shit storm, because by the time she realized what was going on, it was ON, baby. She ordered him to the door. But no, on second thought (which happened lickety split) -- she informed the entire group they wouldn't get to stay after all. Oh how they deserved it. They argued. You bet they did. "Get out... oh and don't forget to yelp about it," she said to them. Instead, *I'm* yelping about it! Little did she know our table of three, all of whom work for Yelp, would be giving her the review she so wholly deserves (I'm the second of the group to do so). I don't know her name, but she rocks. We all thought so!After being so skillfully ejected, they each proceeded to slowly walk up to the window and make faces at her, throw gang signs (I shit you not. Judging by their daiquiris, fanny packs and white tennis shoes, I wonder what kind of gang would have them). High entertainment. Priceless.Thanks, Coop's! Rather, thanks, super cool and bad ass waitress at Coop's!Complete hole in the wall dive (sticky floors), but had a very genuine atmosphere. Enjoyed the fried seafood plate (shrimp, oysters, and crab claws), fried chicken, and smoked duck quesadilla. Gator bites- just okay. Bartenders makes a pretty good Sazerac. Jukebox was a little loud, but added to the overall atmosphere.Much like any experience in New Orleans - this was an unforgettable one. In a city rich with culture and colorful people, Coop's didn't fall short of making this the case a million times over. To begin, the waitress is one hell of a woman that doesn't have the most patient with drunken, touchy fools. Who can blame her? But on this particular evening, she had the whole restaurants attention throwing a whole party out because of the buffoon excuse for a friend.The food was excellent and packed with flavor - especially the gumbo. Wow - it was made with a thick roux, spicy shrimp, and had the perfect amount of spice. Coop's you've won me over. Thank you for being the exact reason why I love New Orleans.Service: Piss poor and very rudeFood: Very tastyAs many other options for Cajun cuisine there are in New Orleans, the rude (or "snarky" waiters as posted in their website) are not worth the trip. It's also extremely loud like nightclub. Tourist were routinely treated as if their mere presence was an utter annoyance to the staff. Lastly, it smells pretty musty. I will never return.It is truleeee a DIVE BAR.Nice and dark so you really don't know what you are eating ... Eating drinking ... Or who in da hell you even talking too.The staff is an interesting motley crew of assorted personalities.... Really interesting.The fried Cajun chicken comes out fresh and really hot. It is fried crisply and comes out quickly. It was very good ... Not great but very close to it.Gumbo was tasty and seasoned well ........If you are in the area STOP.If you have to travel to get there ... Keep traveling.Coop's FRIED CHICKEN.I don't know why no one mentioned Coop's Place to me when I mentioned I was coming to New Orleans, but every New Orleans local I met spoke praises of Coop's. I'd say that Coop's is a destination restaurant. Not only is the fried chicken delicious, but everything else (including the gumbo) was super tasty.The locals come here, meaning reasonable prices. Just realize this is a more dive bar joint, so you'll get give dive bar service. Takes credit card (including Amex).Coop's is a destination restaurant in New Orleans, I'd highly recommend a visit. Easily one of the top food joints in the touristy French Quarter.Yeesh.Okay, so first issue is the terrible service. It was almost comical how hard the waitress worked to be rude, like it's part of some schtick with the bar? If it is, I definitely recommend changing their attitude. On top of that, they DO NOT SPLIT CHECKS UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES. We learned this the hard way after we'd already ordered some drinks and two appetizers on a business trip. Anyone who travels for business knows you can't have alcohol on a business check, and you can't just cover other people on your tab.When we explained this to the waitress she freaked out and started kind of yelling that it was on their menu (in tiny print) and on their website (who goes to the website of a company when they just see it on the street and walk in?). We had to try and scrounge some cash together and one of my coworkers ended up putting it on their personal card and we tried to pay them back over the rest of the work trip. Ridiculous.On top of that we ordered some jalapeno poppers which were average tasting and oily and the crab fingers we got were marinated in cheap italian dressing, didn't taste good and were way over priced for some terrible materials.At least we didn't spend more money here before we had the sense to leave. Avoid it, I know I'll ensure everyone I know in NOLA avoids this place.Food is tasty and solid. They've been packed both times I've been, so although the service is efficient, it feels a bit like you're being rushed. No complaints otherwise, though! The jambalaya and gumbo are both very good.This place is dark, divey, and cheap, with a rock 'n roll sort of feel. I got the sense that this is the kind of place that would straight up tell an annoying customer to get lost, but that doesn't bother me. I love the music and the jambalaya. My friend tried the habanero sauce and it was a bit much for her. The bartender gave her a glass of milk to cool off. I had a sip and was pretty sure it had gone bad. That said, who goes to a place like this for milk? I tried some of my friend's fried chicken, and it was insanely good.I went to Coop's Place YEARS AGO in November 2010 and I STILL rave about the "best breakfast I have ever had!" Coops place is the perfect post-hangover brunch spot that is out of the touristy spotlight - we were the only table in the restaurant that Sunday morning. I ordered the Oyster Omelette completed with the best fries I ever ate.. So good that "If I was on death row, this would be my last meal." I have been recommending Coop's to all my friends who head to NOLA ! Please note, I don't think children are allowed :( My friends were turned away bc of their baby at dinner. Please, for the love of God, someone order that Oyster Omelet for me with a Bloody Mary to cure even the worst Bourbon Street hangover!It's pretty good food, but there's nothing special about it.  The atmosphere feels dirty.  Service is really good though, which is always a plus.The servers and bar tenders are for the most part all dicks, but that's sort of the point.  Not too good for vegetarians like me, but you can make do.  Great value, great tastes, great ambiance if you're going for the ear bleeding, dirty, dark vibe--of which, mind you, is essential to anyone's experience of New Orleans. If you're hungry in the Quarter and want some New Orleansy food with a local beer without paying touristy prices, come to Coop's.  Just don't use the ladies bathroom.Was very excited to try their Jambalya supreme so we waited in line for 15 minutes. While waiting I decided to go to the restroom only to find out that only one bathroom was working and it happened to be the mens. It had to be the worst bathroom I have ever been in. I will refrain from even saying what was on the floor when I walked in.Thank goodness they are directly in front if Margaritaville so I was able to use their restroom.  After waiting for what we thought was a table we were sat in stools at the bar. Decided to order the Jambalaya supreme which looked amazing based on the yelp pictures. We also ordered the fried chicken which other reviewers said was great. Both were edible but nothing to write home about. With so many other places to have Cajun food in New Orleans I say skip this place.Service nor food was worth waiting in a long line for.Phenomenal food, topped off by great prices.  Best Red Beans & Rice around. Perfect Jambalaya. The biggest Po Boy I have ever seen... Duck!  This place is a visit for me every time I visit NOLA. 1) You will most likely wait. It is well worth it. If there's any kind of a line, don't come in and take a seat until they ask you in. They are always busy, and they manage the flow of traffic and the kitchen well. Once you sit, you will NOT wait a long time for your food.2) This place is a dive bar with great food. Don't expect Emeril's or August or Brennans... Expect casual, bustling, lively, noisy, and really, really tasty.We normally love coops however this time was different. We wanted to get a to-go which in it self was no big deal. The old saying "they F you in the drive through"is right. Once we got it back to the room the crab claws where skippy, thin and over fried. I also got the Tasso crawfish which tasted ok but looked reheated because the sauce was separated and oily. Also the quality was less. Anyway if you get a to go order beware.Nice little dive bar type place.  There was a line out the door and the bartender from cochon had recommended it to us.I would say it's worth the wait - good food at reasonable prices.  I wish we would have split the sampler platter, but we just got the gumbo and jambalaya.  The gumbo had more spice to it than other places on the trip, which I definitely liked.I went to New Orleans several years ago and I'm still dreaming of Coop's. Sure, it's dark and dirty and the competent staff are well equipped to take care of themselves...what more could you possibly want?  If you are willing to wait until 11 for breakfast, do yourself a favor and have a mound of jambalaya crowned with a perfectly fried chicken thigh.We stayed in the French Quarter and I foolishly expected to be surrounded by amazing food.  We wandered in here quasi-drunkenly one night and came back at least once a day for the rest of our trip.  What a joy to discover that the food holds up stone sober and in addition is a great hangover joint.I can't recommend it highly enough- it is what it is, and what it is is incredible!Stop right there. DO NOT order fried chicken or red beans and rice here. Head down the street to Fiorella's Cafe - trust me! The fried chicken and red beans and rice there is 100x better than at Coop's. Coop's tastes bland in comparison. Eek was in NOLA here for a mini 3 day vacay and was sad I had to waste a meal out of plenty other more tasty options at this place. Oh wells, all the other meals i had in NOLA were da bomb so one fail ain't too bad i suppose. . If you do happen to be in this area, also go two store fronts down to Molly's and order a Frozen Irish Coffee. So yum! The one delicious thing that came out of our venture to Coop's.oh yea, we also saw a ginormous mother-of-all cockroaches here, ugh.I came here for the jambalaya. Ambiance: If you're a pirate or a sailor, this place is right up your alley. If you wear a tie to golf, this may not be your style. It would not surprise me if rowdy nights saw beer bottles being throws against the wall. Service: I went in for take out and the woman was incredibly friendly and helpful. Yelp says 5 stars is "as good as it gets," which describes this jambalaya. To be fair, I got it then didn't eat it for almost an hour after I walked out the door. Even still, it was that good. I have come to the conclusion that jambalaya is better than gumbo, by a lot. So naturally I wanted to find the best in town, and this did not disappoint. Highly recommended, must eat, etc etc. All the good stuff. Just go, get the Supreme, and eat up. Then smile.First of all the food here is amazing and one of the best examples of Cajun/Creole cooking in the city. If they were serving out of the window of a taco-truck, I would easily give this place 5 stars, hands down. Unfortunately, to get said food, you have to deal with one of their servers.  I've come here about 4 or 5 times in the past and never had much trouble from the waitstaff, of course my friends and I usually looked the part and someone knew someone who knew someone from the restaurant's click or whatever. now, the last time I came in with my brother and his wife from the country, the attitude changed dramatically. My brother makes mid six figures in the oil industry, dresses like "duck dynasty" and tips like a millionaire. I on the other hand, don't normally have an accent that thick, but when me and my brother get together, we start twanging and it can get almost indecipherable. My guess it was for one of these reasons, the waiter decided to treat us like common white trash who wasn't worth his time.  After 35 or so minutes without a drink order taken, we went up to the bar to procure our own beverages. finally, when the waiter arrived, with a burlap sack full of eye-rolls and deep sighs to take our orders and answer our questions about the menu, we were halfway to being lit. some time later, the food slammed down and even though it wasn't what we ordered, we gladly enjoyed it.   I think it's pretty classless to leave an establishment without tipping, so we tipped the bartender a hundred bucks and left, never to return again.  Yeah, the food was good but i'd rather take my family to  Bubba fuckin Gump than this shithole. Any kind of place that isn't cool with everybody, ain't cool with me.I think this place would have been ok when I didn't care about service.  Absolutely rude wait staff.  Too many good choices to tolerate mean people. This is certainly not a family place.We were 'warned' about this place, so obviously we had to go. for an uptight tourist family, this isnt your place. for punk kids, however this is amazing. the LAWRENCE ARMS were playing on the juke, a touring band was drinking and eating before their show and their was cheap ice cold high life. this isnt a fancy place, its basically a dive bar that also has The Best Fried Chicken Ever.They actually serve good food at late hours. None of that quick cafe or diner stuff. I enjoyed my lamb ribs. My family enjoyed the fried shrimp and crawfish. The place is on the small side. They played decent music when we were their. I kinda felt they played it for us becuase it was all urban, hip-hop and we were the only "tinted" people their. lol But whatever. I think I would come back.Coop's Place is a small restaurant/bar so we had a short wait for a table to open up before we were seated. It was well worth the wait. We ordered the Cajun Fried Chicken. Although a 4 piece wasn't on the menu, the server special ordered it for us. The chicken was beautifully delicious and perfectly seasoned. It was truly amazing in itself although the Rabbit & Sausage Jambalaya and coleslaw it came with was really good also. The drinks were also really good and strong. Excellent prices not seen in my hometown of Miami.My boyfriend loved it so much that he want to come back and eat here another time, but I wouldn't let him since I wanted to try other places in the short time we were staying there, but I will be back on my next trip.It's always really crowded, but it's also about as authentic as you're going to get in the Quarter. It's cheap, dirty, good, and I once saw a mouse run across the floor. Yep, sounds like New Orleans.I recommend the red beans.Came in after reading the reviews, tho we were more in search of brews than eats. The bar was cool, fits the dive bar review. Loved seeing the chilled jaeger machine. Beer selection was above average for our New Orleans experience but still meh. Got a little worried with the warm mayo on the counter with the hot sauce and salt & pepper, people seemed to be enjoying their food but we moved on after a few drinks.Late night spot that tries to kill you with massive amounts of food. My crawfish poboy was bigger than my head. I ended up just snacking on the crawfish the whole night. I had leftovers for the hotel! Dark and nice to get away from the action for a moment.Crawfish etouffee for the Gods.Simply awesome!  Supreme Jambalaya is amazing...friend chicken is the best in the city and the atmosphere is cool if you are into the local hole in the wall type place with some character.  If you're looking for a good cajun food experience without breaking the bank, I would highly recommend this place.I tried true Cajun/Creole food here for the first time and I'm glad I did. I got the sampler meal for a price that cannot be beat. Everything was delicious but I wasn't thrilled with the pulled pork (but that may be a personal aversion I have to the taste of pork.) Wait staff was solid but not particularly noteworthy. Fried chicken and gumbo was great. Gumbo is for those who can tolerate a lot of spice only.The service was very friendly but the food was sub par. I ordered a burger "medium" and it came out so well done I had to send it back. It was advertised as a 1/2 lb burger but it couldn't have been more than 1/4 lb. The friend chicken was bland and the cole slaw was so salty. I dunno-just wasn't impressed! The fried chicken was bland and the jambalaya tasted like marinara sauce. Weird!! Get it together! The ambiance and location are great!Coop's Taste Plate - 4/5. Seafood gumbo, shrimp creole, red beans/rice with sausage, rabbit &sausage jambalaya and a piece of friend chicken. Taking this dish apart:Gumbo - 4/5. Delicious cup of seafood gumbo served with a single mussel and single crab claw. Didn't have quite the layered flavor as ACME, but still delicious and rich in spices.Shrimp Creole - 4/5. Refreshing shrimp creole with hearty chunks of tomatoes, served over a bed of rice. Lightly seasoned and very light, refreshing taste.Red Beans and Rice - 3/5. Although this is a staple, the red beans and rice was seasoned differently than the other places I've tried in NOLA. Unsure what it is, but it has a slightly heartier taste.Jambalaya - 2/5. Meh. Didn't have the complexity that I've come to associate with jambalayas, but it isn't a complete miss. Of the 5 things on this platter, only this and the fried chicken were "meh". Perhaps served alone, it would shine instead of being compared to the other parts of the dish.Fried Chicken - 2/5. Unfortunately, I didn't find this chicken to be amazing. It was pretty standard and batter was not too thick. However, the seasoning was too light and I could barely taste it.Unbelievable creole food! Bathe combo taste plate lets you try it all. Red beans and rice was incredible and the fried chicken makes you wanna slap yer mama! Everything about this place makes you want to come backI frequent NoLa as a favorite sojourn from my home of Dunedin, FL and during my last trip I ventured off the beaten path (relatively speaking) and tried out a few different stripped down restaurants.  Among my favorites was Coop's Place.There was a line out the door the first night we went and once we got inside we were treated to nouveau southern hospitality, with a bit of a hipster tinge.The food was fantastic and they accommodated my somewhat odd requests.  We liked it so much that we returned a few nights later, during which one of the cooks actually came out, took our order, altered one of their more popular dishes for us, served us our food and came back to check on us to make sure it was to our liking, as he had prepared it himself.I didn't get a chance to try the fried chicken, but hear that it is phenomenal.  I had the Jambalaya and Red Beans and Rice and they made me a Pasta Carbonara NoLa style that was very good.Highly recommend this place for a stripped down, sultry, southern experience.  If you want to get away from the plasticity of the normal more popular French Quarter establishments, this is it.We were sent to Coop's by an artist we met in Jackson Square. He said that this is a legit place where locals go. For Jazz Fest, we didn't really have to wait to be seated. It did get crowded within a few minutes of our stay, though.This is a divey place. Dark, small, not spic-and-span. The tables are communal and the servers range from surly to nice (for instance, our waitress was very sweet to us but abrupt to the group who was seated next to our table). In short, Coop's is my kind of place!My cousin ordered the Taste Plate while I ordered the blackened redfish. Both plates were huge. The Taste Plate was delicious (I would know -- I stole quite a bit from my cousin's plate). The fried chicken had crunchy skin and the meat was tender. With a few dashes of hot sauce, my mouth, errrrr, my cousin's mouth was very happy. The jambalaya was good, too, with a little bit of kick to it. The shrimp creole was alright. But overall, it is a plate worth recommending.The redfish was a little salty but was still quite good. A little splash of lemon and it was perfecto! But the green beans that I got with it... Well, the taste was promising. However, they sneaked in old, overcooked beans with a freshly cooked batch, I guess. I had to pick out the sad-looking beans from the good ones. I tried getting the waitress's attention to ask for a new one but at this point, the place was already jumping with the Jazz Fest crowd. So I sucked it up.I would go back to this place, but next time I probably won't get the green beans. Coop's is really a cool place with delicious offerings that I refuse flat out to let the green beans debacle deter me from trying them out again.The food was great, and almost made up for the terrible service.  The server would drop food off and walk away immediately without asking if we needed anything else, then he would go MIA.  We sat there with food on our table for 5 minutes that we were unable to eat because we had no silverware.  None of the salads were served with dressing.  We ordered 3 beers and the server came back with 4 and was adamant someone ordered a 4th beer.  He of course charged us for it.  The waiter (and also the bartender) just seemed miserable.  Such a shame too, because like I said, the food is excellent.  Expect to wait to be seated.Favorite forever in NOLA. Jambalaya, Gumbo, Redbeans/Rice, shrimp creole and the fried chicken are all awesome. I also think their Bloody Mary deserves a shout out. Best I've ever had.I agree with Travis K.SO, although the service sucks, it;s a bar, so we didn't expect much.THe Red Beans and Rice, were the worse I have had in the city.If they were not from a can, they were aiming for that " Fresh from a can taste ".The chicken, well, save some quid and find a Brothers Fried Chicken, your taste buds will thank you.My wife, was never served her plate, and when she brought this up to our server, was promptly told, "Yes, you were!"So, if you like attitude, served as a side dish for sub-par cuisine, by all means, eat here.But, if you are looking for the flavors that have made New Orleans famous, flee, flee, Run, do not wal, out the door!BEST FRIED CHICKEN IN THE ****ING WORLD!!!  (Yes, better than Jacques-Imo's but I love that place too). Good god- this is the best cajun food I've ever had and my meal here ranks top 5 of all time - no joke.  I will admit, I was pretty drunk but isn't everyone in NOLA on New Years Eve?I seriously thought I was in heaven when I had the best drunk meal of my life here.  The seafood and rabbit jambalaya is just.... ridiculous.  To die for.  Coop's is def a hole in the wall - but you can't have a more New Orleans experience than this.Next time someone from Europe tells you America has no cuisine, tell them Cajun food is better than anything in their overrated continent (minus Italy but NYC prob beats them at their own game).  Ok sorry I'm just rambling now... I get excited sometimes.Loved this place.  Really small and beat up place, so it took a while to get a table, but it was worth every minute of the wait.I had the sampler platter, which had a little bit of everything I wanted to try.   Gumbo was really good- nice and spicy and not bland.  The absolute best thing I had there was the fried chicken, had to go back for seconds.The service wasn't great honestly, they messed up our orders and weren't particularly nice.  It wasn't so awful that I would never go back, but the food definitely compensated for whatever was lacking in service.A-mazing.There's nothing bad here.  Get the taste plate for a sampling of all their best stuff, including their famous cajun fried chicken.  $14 for cajun fried chicken, gumbo, shrimp creole, red beans and rice, and rabbit and sausage jambalaya.  This is clearly the best deal there.Fried chicken is fall-off-the-bone tender -- no gnawing required here.  Rabbit and sausage jambalaya is perfectly thickened with the tender rabbit flavor showing through, even with sausage.Full bar, so get your drink-on while you're here.Late night meal with my daughter after seeing "Wicked" at the Mahalia Jackson Theatre. Music a bit loud, but was good music. 60,70, 80s rock. Wait staff VERY nice. House-made Bleu Cheese dressing that was delicious!! Blackened redfish Meunière had a sauce that was spicy but incredibly dark, rich and very tasty. Daughter had red beans and rice and smoked sausage that was excellent as well. They serve breakfast and lunch as well and I've heard it's good also. There was always a line to get in every time we passed it this weekend. The place is very small. I enjoyed it and highly recommend it. I'll definitely go back again next time I  am in Néw Orleans!!  They might not have the music that loud most of the time; might just be late-night. I'd give it 5 stars except for the loudness. Excellent Louisiana food!!As I continued my New Orleans vacation, I came across Coop's Place thanks to the Yelp reviews.It is a dive bar.  Walking in, you find yourself in a dark, old, small, room.  I don't have a problem with that.  I like the dank.We sat at a small table for two rather than the bar.  Since lunch was our primary goal, we wanted to be a little more comfortable.The server was pleasant and efficient.  She was friendly and seemed happy to help us gets some food and beers.  The Abita Turbo Dog was only $3.50 a bottle.  Dark bar and dark beer, things were looking good.We had the fried chicken and it was very good.  I would definitely recommend it.  The tasso and crawfish pasta was also very tasty.  It was packed with meat and it was creamy and rich.  I couldn't stop eating it, but it did get to be a little salty by the end.  I would still get it again.  Maybe I needed another beer to wash it down.In true dive bar fashion, the rest room was barely usable.  It was hot, small and dingy.  Why is this a recurring theme in New Orleans?This is the kind of bar I would like to have in my neighborhood.  I like the laid back atmosphere and the classic food.  I don't know when I will be back in New Orleans, but I hope to make it back to Coops's again.The rabbit & sausage jambalaya is indeed legit. As was my bacon cheeseburger.However, kindof a weird (bad) atmosphere here. They are apparently WAY strict about the whole "wait to be seated" thing. One couple "violated the barrier" to look for a table in the back, and were EJECTED from the restaurant! Then, two other groups (who watched it go down) played it safe and waited...and waited...and waited...tables opened up and sat empty mere feet away from the door for a long time - but they did not want to anger the waitress by breaching the entrance (or pointing the tables out). Instead they were just ignored and ended up leaving shaking their heads (both groups!). Business must be nice... to be able to turn away customers like that without a care, while open tables sit unused.Also, NO TAP or DRAFT BEERS...wtf? What kinda bar is this? Odd.It's a dive bar with decent grub - not much else. I don't come to places like this to deal with waitress drama and sour attitude. I don't mind places with "sassy" staff, but these gals were just mean. Why would I want to spend my precious vacation dining options dealing with bitter people? The decent food is not worth the bad vibes.Awesome food, not expensive, but rudest waitress ever...Also, they need to update their credit card system which still runs on a modem and takes awhile!If not for our waitress, it'd have been 5 stars.  We were visiting from out of town and it was a great place to try some cajun food in a fun (if noisy) atmosphere.  Definitely give it a try!The service was great - they had several people bringing out food and water.  Just watch out for our waitress- I didn't get this lady's name, but if she starts referring to you repeatedly as "okay, boys & girls!" or "okay, children!" then she's the one.  She laughed condescendingly at us when we failed to realize that we couldn't pay with multiple credit cards, lectured us about it written in the menu, and, where the menu also says that 18% tip will be added to large parties, she added 20% to the bill and then told us that we "can totally add more" - which I thought was a bit crass.Came him with a recommendation from a local. I cannot express enough how I want to find that guy and beat him over the head.First off, seating...no hostess, no nothing, just pandemonium. We were seated against a wall with exposed electrical and a picture that was barely hanging up.Second, I went to the bathroom after I ordered. You might want to check out the bathroom prior to getting seated; you can't miss it, it is located behind the hot water tank. It is more disgusting that the worst gas station bathroom you will ever see.In looking back at the kitchen, I saw filth everywhere, and four guys with filthy shirts who looked like they were homeless...they were the food runners. No wonder there are so many complaints about hair in the food (check other reviews).Walking back to my table, I was treated to a screaming match between the waitress and one of the managers (it was about seating a two top on a 7 place table)...it went on for a good two minutes.I got back in time to see the food arrive. Just after my first bite (I would have left earlier but I was starving), the lady behind me tapped me on the shoulder and pointed out a two inch cockroach on the wall right next to my head. I pointed it out to the waitress, who offered me a dollar to kill it!!I asked for the check and said that this whole experience was disgusting. The manager overheard me and started yelling at me, saying it was no a cockroach but a "Palmetto Bug", and that they are everywhere. I spend the entire week in NOLA and did not see another bug anywhere (I must be lucky). I also looked up "Palmetto Bug"....it's the slang term for "American Cockroach"Waited a bit long to sit, even longer for drinks and when I ordered, the server acted as if I were wasting her time. That being said, we started our meal with the lamb ribs. They were a bit fatty, but well seasoned and tender. They were served with a house made pepper jelly that rocked my world! I got the taste plate. It came with red beans and rice, seafood gumbo , shrimp creole, rabbit and sausage jambalaya and a piece of fried chicken. The gumbo was good, it lacked a bit of salt. The jambalaya was cold, pasty and inedible. The creole was made with canned stewed tomatoes and you could really taste the can. After all the reviews, I was a bit disappointed. The person I ate with got the chicken tchoupitoulas. It was grilled chicken topped with shrimp and Tasso cream. That was amazing. That is the saving grace of this review. I will try them again. Just not for a bit.We also had an order to go, it was a 3 pc dark and I was very specific about the order. When the box was opened, there was a breast. I should have checked the bag before I left, however I did not.Came here for the fried chicken. It was good--crisp, non-greasy batter with a good amount of spices, tender, juicy, fall-off-the-bone chicken meat. 5 stars.The accompanying rabbit jambalaya was not so good. It was more liked mashed, overcooked rice with little flavor or meat. It was also cold for some reason, which is never how you want to eat jambalaya. 1 star.Awesome "divey" vibe here. I will probably never enjoy red beans and rice again (unless it's from Coop's)! My new go-to spot whenever I'm in New Orleans.THIS PLACE IS 21+ I wanted to make sure I wrote that since it wasn't super obvious from reviews or on their website. We went with my BF's family and his aunt and uncle had to go somewhere else to eat because his nephew was under 21. We made plans to meet up for desert and went to sit at the bar. We were able to find a seat immediately at 7pm but right after we sat down a line started forming outside. The service was slightly below par. My BF's mom was charged for 2 sprites when she was offered a refill (yes I know it was because we were at the bar but a warning that there wasn't free refills would have been nice). They got our order wrong (shrimp poboy instead of a shrimp salad) and made us feel like it was our fault for a bit. Then the bartender was pretty snappy with us when we asked for separate checks and claimed "we never split checks here" (and come on we were sitting at the bar not at a table)The food however was DELICIOUS. We got the supreme rabbit jumbalaya like everyone recommended. The portion that came out was much much smaller than we were expecting after reading the reviews and looking at pictures. It came out in a soup bowl vs a platter. It was awesome and so worth it though. I was a little nervous about the rabbit but it just tasted like steak and it was seasoned perfectly with just the right amount of kick to it. My BF's mom said she enjoyed her beans and rice and my BF's dad got a HUGE shrimp salad and loved it as well.If this place just worked on their service and portion sizes a little bit they would be perfect!We made it here for dinner on a Monday night. There was a short wait, but only 15 minutes or so for our group of 5. I'll start with the adventure of our visit, which was some lady started to argue or something with a waitress, and somehow it escalated to the entire staff removing her from the restaurant while dropping lots of curse words. On her way out the door, right by where I was sitting, the woman being taken out grabbed the "Please wait to be seated" sign and hit me on the head with it! ha. Really, I was just startled and it didn't hurt me at all. But on their way back in, I think every staff member stopped by to make sure I was OK, and then gave me my meal for free. But anyway, back to the food... we got a wide variety of dishes, including jumbalaya, gumbo, seafood, chicken, etc. and it was all really enjoyable. The prices were reasonable and everything came out fast and fresh. It's a dive bar, with decent service and good food. If you like these types of places, it's definitely worth a stop for a drink and dinner. And while we only waited 15 minutes, the line looked a lot longer by the time we were leaving.The red beans and rice were life-changing. That is all.Great food and good service if you don't mind the wait!This jambalaya is so good. How good, you ask? Here's a little story for you.Coop's was one of my first stops when I got into town. It always is. I ordered up a big bowl of the jambalaya (just the standard, I don't need the Supreme), and I polished off its rabbity, sausagey goodness pretty quickly.As I'm sitting at the bar, chasing it with some Abita, I turned to my left, and just standing there, trying to get the bartender's attention, is one of my best friends. Now, I live in NYC, and he lives in LA. I haven't seen him in months, haven't spoken to him in weeks, I had no idea he was going to be in NOLA, and this is a complete, crazy coincidence. Are you fucking kidding me. I hit him and say, "Are you fucking kidding me?" Turns out he was in town for HALF A DAY, and he had to stop by Coop's to get some jambalaya. THAT'S how good it is. And I just happened to be there too at the same EXACT FREAKING TIME. Coop's Jambalaya; reuniting friends from coast to coast._________The selection is not limited to jambalaya, however. Anything they fry is about as good as it gets. Also, the booze is nice and cheap! Good beers (Newcastle, Restoration Ale) are $3.50, Laphroig is $6, Lagavulin and Hendrick's are $7. And pool is only $.75.I could spend all day here. Actually, I did.Coop's came highly recommended to us by neighbors prior to this latest trip to New Orleans.  I mean highly recommended, so a visit there went right on the to-do list.And I noted that lots of Yelpers love it too but I have to say, I was less than wowed.  In all fairness, we only ate there once and I don't like to totally judge a place on one meal.  But it wasn't the meal that was the real turn-off.It's a cute enough place in a dive-y sort of way with an extensive menu and a laid-back vibe. What got me off on the wrong foot is that soon after arriving, I had to use the rest room.  There are two but one of them was out of commission.  The lone bathroom that remained was gross.   My thought has long been that if you can't keep your bathrooms clean, then what does your kitchen look like?  Overall, everything else in the place including our table seemed like it could have used a good scrubbing.   With bleach.   Not a good start.As well, there was a staff person moving several fully loaded trash barrels from behind the back of the bar to somewhere else, presumably to empty them, each time passing our table with the overflowing barrels.  The next thing I knew this same guy, who was not our waiter, served us our food.  It wasn't a great connection...from bare-handed garbage hauler to food server.For an appetizer, we got the crabmeat stuffed jalapeno peppers.  These were pretty good with a slight kick. Not quite enough kick for me but I didn't dare use the crusty-capped bottle of hot sauce on the table.I ordered the fried shrimp and fried crawfish combo on French bread. It came with fries.  The French bread was crisp and fresh.  The fried shrimp were good but nothing spectacular. I felt the crawfish went to waste because after all the breading and frying you couldn't discern what it was that you were eating.  Empty calories there.  If I'm going to pile on the calories, I want to thoroughly enjoy every last one of them.For drinks we ordered Bloody Marys which the neighbors again raved about.  Sorry again...way too thick...almost tomato paste-y and way too much Worcestershire sauce.  My next drink was the local Abita beer which I like a lot.Things were tasty enough I suppose, nothing was incredible and certainly our  particular meals didn't match the very high praise from our neighbors. If the bathroom didn't have such an ick factor, I would  consider giving this place another shot the next time I'm in town but instead I'll have to give Coop's a pass.I wish ppl would stop coming to this place (tourists included). Chefs around the city must cringe at the thought that Coop's Place is what some ppl remember about NOLA's food culture. I admit I have eaten here before I was active on Yelp (3 months ago) and had to try it because gumbo was on the menu. Pretty much I will try any restaurant that has gumbo (ok I got my hands full with that one).My friend and I decided to both try the Taste Plate. Coop's Place didn't hit it out of the ballpark with their sampler plate. In fact it was a foul ball. Jambalaya was burnt, shrimp creole and red beans were cold, chicken was too salty, and the gumbo was sad sad sad. The servers here are rude and definitely seem like they are just doing a job and not a service. Our server never smiled and took over 6 minutes to acknowledge us. The place also isn't clean. A hole in the wall it is indeed. The biggest roach resides outside of N. America (supposedly S. America or Australia) but I think I saw him dining with us at Coop's. I know this place is a tourist trap and in the most desirable neighborhood in the world but geez come on ppl just walking in you can see that you're not gonna get the best of NOLA's amazing food!EIGHT times the amount of reviews as my favorite restaurant in NOLA!! Almost as many reviews as our beloved Commander's Palace. What's wrong with this picture!?Great little hole in wall place. I've had their fried chicken and shrimp Po-boys, both are excellent.Awesome, great back country food in the French Quarter.  The "Coops Taste Plate"...shrimp creole, rabbit & sausage jambalaya, red beans & rice, and fried chicken...all were very good.  The seafood gumbo is great!!!Went there this week, while apparently attempting a three day "culinary version" of Leaving Las Vegas!  The fried chicken at Coop's Place is in the conversation of the top five fried chicken experiences I had in my life.  It was hot, moist, spiced perfectly and was just plain soul fulfilling.  To boot, our table started with the coid crab claws that were flavorful and fresh.  Our server was a delight and who doesn't enjoy being called "sugar" and then getting two hot breasts and a wing on the three piece.  TWO breasts! ;)  The other dishes that my compatriots ate were also good including the jambalaya, but the chicken was the clear winner, did I mention, TWO BREASTS?!  hahahaha!I'll be back next time I'm in NOLA, fo' sho!I'll be brief since there are already 500+ reviews.  I liked it.  Rabbit & Sausage jambalaya.  The rest of my party HATE THIS PLACE WITH A PASSION.  It was like I made them eat with members of the Nazi SS.  Like I forced them to trick or treat at the neighborhood registered sex offender's house.  Like David Duke having gin & tonics with the Jeffersons.  That.  Bad.  Really.But those buttholes aren't on Yelp, so you get my review.Another great visit to Coop's Place.  This is really a New Orleans staple.  Great Bloody Mary's and pretty much everything I have had off the menu was spectacular.  While it wasn't as impressive as my first visit, I look forward to going back.The Jumbalaya Supreme is insanely good.  There is some much flavor in it your head will explode.yelp.com/biz_photos/XnQ8…I am a total hypochondriac.  If it's a disease and it exists, I'll think I've got it at some point or another.  When i was eleven this kid at Bible Camp came down with scabies (google it.  it's F-ing grody).   I insisted on wearing long sleeves and pants for the rest of the summer.   My mother's office had an unlimited supply of those Ladies Health Magazines, you know, the one's with the doomsday headlines; 'Are Your Breasts Normal?', 'Terrible Things Your Doctor Missed', 'Read This drivel...It WILL Save Your Life!!!!'.   My insanity finally drove her to bring me to a kindly general practitioner who gently explained "It's impossible for you to have Sickle-Cell Anemia,  Kellyanne."  Every single time, I ended up being fine.  Except for now...I've got a fever.And the only cure for it is Coop's Place 'Green Goddess' dressing, and their veggie burger (and fries).  An Abita Turbodog (or a Strawberry) and the treatment is complete.  I know they're known for their fried chicken, the jambalaya and the Pasta Rosa, but I'm pretty certain that my favorites are pretty bangin' too, you should given them a try and then PM me. I'll be jealous of you, which will make you feel smug and superior (it's true.  Why else do people buy ginormous houses or stupid sportscars???).  Seriously, folks...I dream about this meal on the regular, but let truth be known, Coop's is not for everyone.  For one thing, childrens (yes, plural) are not allowed inside.  Praise Jesus, because there's nothing I hate more than a kid's menu, taunting me with it's awesome-ness.  Is there really something wrong with a late-twenties lady ordering 'ziti with butter' or 'dino nuggets and tater-tots'?!!?  NO!!!!   At least at Coop's I never have to deal with the temptation, or the screams erupting from the next table as a crayon is wrenched from the goobery mouth of some snot-factory.  If you're stuck up, you probably wouldn't like Coop's.  You'd probably walk in and say, "I don't like it here.  I'm not eating here."  Which is fine, because I do, and I am.If you are allergic to animals, you probably won't like Coop's either.  At some point or another in my experiences there, I've definitely seen a cat wandering around and the last time I was there a gentleman brought his dog in.  If you still want to eat awesome food, I'd encourage you to come anyway, just grab some benadryl and bring your 'puffer' (you f-ing nerd).I also appreciate the surliness of (most) of the Coop's staff, and I know for a fact some people don't (you might be one of them!).   As someone who works in an industry where I deal with the general (and generally well-heeled) public on a regular basis, I cheer inside when someone gives it back the way I wish I could.  Case in point, I was once at the bar in Coop's and heard the bartender answer the phone and say:'No, I'm the person that answers the phone when we're closed.'I presume the recipient was clear on their hours from that point on.Thank you Coop's for curing all that ails me**btw, stay the frig out of their bathroom if you gross out easily.A lot has already been said about the fried chicken, but I'll say more. I'm a big fried chicken guy -- and this is the second best I've had, trailing only a piece I had at a roadside stand in the cloud forest of Bolivia. It also came with a side of coleslaw (expected and good) and rabbit and sausage jambalaya (unexpected and phenomenal). With regards to service, everyone was extremely nice and timely. The music was excellent -- though a bit loud when we ate at 9 pm. Still, this is a gem, and I'm looking forward to my next trip to NOLA so I can come again.Came here with friends on a Saturday night. There were a few people ahead of us but the wait was not too long. We shared a table with other diners, which was neat because it forces conversation with strangers. And if you choose to be silent you kinda look like a dumbass. For an appetizer we ordered the duck quesadilla which came with jalapenos, sour cream, cheese sauce and homemade salsa. The duck was nice and tender and the salsa was large and chunky and was the perfect complement to the duck, and even had a mild sweet flavor. For entrees we ordered the cajun fried chicken, the rabbit and sausage jambalaya and pasta jambalaya. The fried chicken was crispy and juicy, cooked perfectly. The rabbit and sausage jambalaya was mild yet full of flavor and the pasta was a nice mellow flavor to the jambalaya that accompanied it. Everything was perfect, and my friends who were new to cajun and creole flavors absolutely loved it. It doesn't matter how many people are in your party, you can only have one check. And you can only use one card. So either have someone prepared to put it all on their card or make sure everyone brings enough cash. I would have given it 5 stars, except for one of the guys working there which we had the pleasure of encountering twice, was pretty dang rude. So boo on him. Other than that, it was a very pleasurable experience.My friends and I came here for an early dinner.  It's hole-in-the-wallish but I've been to crazier places.  XD  Definitely casual and fun.  The waitress was sassy, blunt, but helpful!  I ordered the crawfish etouffee and it was excellent.  It had a good amount of kick.  I let my friend from out of town try it and he said it was the most flavorful etouffee he had so far.  My other friend was really excited because she ordered the gumbo and it was chockful of okra which she loves.  She wanted lots of okra and she got it.Funny little place.  One thing I really appreciated was that it's a place for adults only.  No one under 21.  You don't have to worry about screaming children or anything.  So I know that later on when I start a family, I can't bring my kids here but I'll enjoy the food until then.  XDFirst time I laid eyes on this place, I was like, "California would call that, that, oh, and that a health violation". I sat down and smacked my-own-damn-self then shut up, because if you try the marinated Louisiana crab claws... you'll giggle with glee, as I did. N'rmind a health code, feed me. Oh, and honey (the waitress), I hope you get tipped plenty because you were stellar!This is going to be the worst/bad mannered rating I'm ever going to put on Yelp. When I saw the workers here mistreating an elderly woman and dropped the F bomb, I almost went APE SHIT on the worker, had it not been for my friend that took me out.$$$$ you, Coops! Never, ever giving you a penny. I hope your lease goes up real high and you can't afford having this God awful place.Thanks for giving New Orleanians a bad name, jerks!I think Zagat hit the nail on the head when it dubbed Coop's the place "where the not-so-elite meet to eat". The restaurant certainly isn't much to look at, or sit in for that matter, but the food is definitely what keeps the line out the door on a regular basis. The locals come here too, which is always a good sign, particularly in a tourist mecca like New Orleans.Food: Coop's specializes in traditional cajun/creole fare. During my visit, I opted for the cajun fried chicken, which was seasoned with the restaurant's delicious Bayou Blend and served alongside rabbit and sausage jambalaya and coleslaw. The chicken was excellent, but the jambalaya was extraordinary - in fact, it was arguably among the top three renditions of the dish that I've ever ingested. Due to the price point, I wasn't expecting much rabbit meat, but it was certainly generously portioned in the serving that I received. The coleslaw was fairly standard, but well-prepared nonetheless.Service: Apparently this place has a reputation for having snarky staff, but that wasn't my experience - perhaps it's because I don't make a habit of being a pain in the ass to waitstaff. Upon our arrival around noon on a Saturday, we were promptly seated and attended to throughout the meal. The waitress was very cordial and more than willing to answer any questions that we had.Atmosphere: If this place doesn't classify as a dive bar, then I'm not really sure what does. The interior is darker than a dungeon and the walls are lined with tongue-in-cheek wall art containing statements like "Be nice or starve" and "shut up and eat". The tables are somewhat cramped, but the service is quick, so the situation isn't unbearable. Dress is casual and clientele is a mixture of locals and tourists.Cost: Inexpensive, particularly considering the quality and quantity of the food. Appetizers are $6-$10, sandwiches are $7-$10, entrees are $8-$13, and sides are $3-$5.Other: Reservations are not accepted, so be prepared to wait during peak dining hours - there is no waiting area inside the restaurant, so if there's no room at the bar, you'll be relegated to stand outside. Also, due to the video poker machines at the bar, entry to Coop's is restricted to only those 21 years of age or older.PLEASE READ ALL REVIEWS BEFORE GOING TO COOP'S..The service may be rude and shittybut the crawfish and shrimp you'll get plenty.It's small, and crowded and sometimes loudBut the bartenders are great, and no kids are allowed.So welcome to Coop's, this little dive barWhen you come in, they don't care who you are.Sit down and order, jambalaya is the bestIt's about the experience, so give it a rest.Jambalaya:  Louisiana Creole dish of Spanish and French influenceAccording to the locals, Coop's Place is the place to get it.Located in a dark, quiet part of Decatur St, patrons line up awaiting to be seated in this small, loud bar. The waitress grabs you from outside when she's ready. Don't bother going inside until then. Since it is a bar, there are strict rules about being 21 and over. No ifs ands or buts.With a full bar and jazz music blasting, it's hard to imagine food this delicious is served here. Rabbit & sausage jambalaya and duck quesadilla are a couple of those delightful surprises on the menu. A cornucopia of flavors and music to enthrall you into the world of New Orleans.Here's another raving recommendation for the Rabbit & Sausage Jambalaya. It is off the hook! That's some genuine NOLA grub for ya with a bold kick. The Seafood Gumbo is also one of the best you'll find near the French Quarter. Whenever people ask me about places to eat in NOLA, I always say Coop's Place with a caveat that it is seemingly ghetto. The service is sometimes bad, but the food will never disappoint. I spent 6 months living in Metairie and avoided Coop's for a long time because it seemed to sketchy. Bad call on my part, I missed out for way too long. Don't make the same mistake.It's our last full day in NOLA, and I'm jonesin' for a burger.  Our innkeepers suggested Coop's Place, so we headed over for a late lunch, stood on the fast moving line for 5 minutes, and found ourselves seated at the dive-y triangular bar.  After a few Abitas from the surly staff, we ended up splitting the bacon cheese burger and a taste plate (gumbo, jambalaya, shrimp creole, fried chicken and red beans & rice) and here's what I took from that experience:YAY:* Fried Chicken: salty, crispy, well-spiced white meat, and just all around FUCKING FANTASTIC - it's rare that fried chicken doesn't need hot sauce or honey.* Jambalaya: I think it's made with rabbit, or maybe rabbit sausage? Idk, it, too, was BANGIN' like a gansta in South Central LA.  BANGIN' like your mom's headboard on payday (oops, I'm sorry - didn't mean to offend).* Red beans & rice: Its good.  Not the best I've ever had, but tasty and filling enough.* Bacon cheeseburger: When my burger is cooked a perfect medium with thick smoked bacon and shoe-string fries, I have no complaints, but this was hardly a standout.NAY* Gumbo - COMPLETE WEAKSAUCE; the broth was so thin and flavorless, we coulda opened a can of Progresso and been happier.  Where's the filo/okra/roux base? And where was the meat?! I've never had such stingy gumbo in my life;  1/2 a shrimp + a crab claw the size of my pinky in a watery broth is NOT gumbo.* Shrimp creole; again - where's the meat? There were easily  1/2 a dozen diced tomatoes mixed in with a cup of rice...and only 3 itty-bitty shrimp.When I return, I plan to skip the bullshit and stick with the 2 breasts over jambalaya meal...and maybe fried shrimp to start (since everyone else was ordering it, and damn, it smelled/looked delicious).Coops is my gumbo go-to when in New Orleans and their fried chicken with rabbit and sausage jambalaya is probably the best of both I've ever had.  The cooks and the bartenders here are total characters and they will take good care of you if you treat them right.There's also cold beer, free wi-fi, a pool table, air conditioning, and a jukebox, but look out for that dude who always loads it up with Dave Matthews songs.Only recommend the fried chicken. Service was good. Very casual atmosphere. Tried the jambalaya but found it to be cold and mushy...definitely not fresh.I really needed a kick in the pants to gear up on writing some Yelp reviews and this past weekend I GOT IT!  At Coop's Place...and just in case you can't sense my dissension it wasn't a good kick.  Basically I think the service can be summed up by the sign above the bar "Bar Rules: 1) The bartender is always right 2) when in doubt that the bartender is right refer to rule 1.  - Wow I forgot that they are paying ME to eat and drink there - I mean I should really thank Coop's Place because my experience there really proved to me that I need to be examined for my blatant mental handicaps. I'll try not to go into a diatribe describing the jackass service we had but I need to point out a few things:1) Standing around for 5 min like dingos when we first got there trying to figure out if we seat ourselves and having the whole wait staff do that convenient "I don't see you cause I'm working thing".2) We ordered the Mint Julep and Mojito, which was on the menu - we're so DUMB!  Thankfully we had a waiter who could so CLEARLY point out our stupidity that all of their specialty drinks have mint and it's not in season...Pardon MY stupidity sir I forgot to read my Almanac to find out seasonality of mint.3) Here's the KICKER.  We ordered house salads to start, our waiter brought them and then hurried away (really busy you know).  As we're poking our salads and taking our first bite we realize there's no dressing.  So we catch our waiter and politely say "hey could we please get some dressing for our salads?"  To which he sternly pointed out our BLATANT screw up and I swear this is a direct quote "salad dressing is by customer request ONLY."  Yes Mr. waiter because it's customary to just eat lettuce, tomatoes, and carrots without any kind of dressing.  Seriously with all of these stupid acts on my part, I should have my IQ checked because I must've lost some brain cells along the way.4) Then there is Peanut...As we're eating my friend says...Blaine is this really happening? It's happening, it really, really is. Enter Peanut the giant bulldog (and his gf another large bulldog) I mean this thing must be 40+ lbs at least, and what was Peanut doing you might ask?  Climbing right under our table over our feet.  Before I saw the bundle of fur I figured some trashy parent lost a child and it was crawling under tables.  I'm a dog lover but in a restaurant?  I don't know it's not really something I would expect.Now despite my friend's and my obvious mental handicaps the food was pretty good.  We had fried chicken, which was mouthwatering, and the coleslaw was good. The gumboesque casserole would have been good too but by the time our superstar got to the table it was that disturbing luke warm temperature.   All in all whether or not you have the best creole in town (which you don't) I would say it's customary to respect your customers.  Unless they are into sadism of course but then maybe you should beat them with whips and chains to really complete the experience.Before I start my review on Coop's I need to comment/vent on a previous 1-star review I read about this place complaining about a cat: "NEVER AGAIN......this place is SO Unsanitary! They have a CAT living in the restaurant on the window sill!! It gets to RUN around and BOTHER EVERYONE!! We asked NICELY for them to remove the cat...next thing you know, it jumped right onto the bench AGAIN...next to us.THAT IS DISGUSTING! ?????I just want to say that obviously the cat was being friendly and affectionate, it's cold hearted people like you that are the reason cats become elusive and avoidant, and if you knew anything at all about cats you'd realize they are one of the cleanest animals that exist! Would you rather the cat be without a loving home and starving on the streets of NOLA?! If I had you as a customer in my restaurant and you had a problem with my cat I'd kick you the hell out. Stupid Bitch.Vent complete. Anyway, being from Lawn Guyland NY, I hadn't experienced true cajun food until I came here, and I was pleased.My 2 friends and I shared the sampler: cajun fried chicken, cajun rice and beans, fried jalapeno peppers with cheese, seafood gumbo, and the jambalaya, all delicious. My 4 star rating is based purely on food and service and not decor, since Coop's doesn't have much of a decor. The servers are highly attentive and our waitress checked up on us consistently.Every single time I go to NOLA, I eat at Coop's. Usually twice. It's the last place I ever ate meat. And if I were to truly come clean, I'd have to admit that happened twice - once right before I became a vegetarian and once right after! Oops!!! Now I have re-introduced fish into my diet so a wide variety of menu items are open to me once again. And thank goodness for that. I've never had anything at Coop's I didn't like. In fact I still drool when thinking about the fried chicken, the gumbo, and the jambalaya. My husband goes nuts for the green beans in bacon sauce. Last visit I stuffed myself with the Cajun Pasta, which they had no problem serving to me without tasso which was much appreciated by this here pescatarian. OK, I'd better bring my review to a close because I'm tempted to hop a plane right now so I can get there in time for dinner tonight.Why do I give it 4 stars rather than 5? The service. It gets so busy in there that the servers can get exasperated and, if you aren't a seasoned New Yorker like me, you could even call them downright rude. I don't. I just call them stressed and trying to turn over tables. Also if it's a festival weekend (Mardi Gras, Jazz Fest, and now Hallowe'en, too!) they're swamped and they won't make their delicious special drinks. That, my friends, is a travesty. I'd even take one more star off just for that, but the food is just too damned good.Note to bars and restaurants:If you're going to have an incredibly rude bartender who deigns to bite off the heads of patrons when they dare ask more than one question about your menu, you should make sure that you don't keep the patrons waiting 40 minutes for the (very simple) foods that they ordered. And if you're going to insult them by making them wait 40 minutes for their food after they're practically in tears for being made to feel like an ass by not understanding the simple difference between the size of a jambalaya bowl and the PASTA jambalaya bowl (apparently, they're different), after everyone else around them who arrived AFTER them has been served, then you should damn well make sure that your food is good. Did I really piss you off that much by inquiring about cornbread? (By the way, we ordered items off the menu that was already made in huge vats in the back, so there's really no excuse.)And if your food can't even be better than mediocre, you can at least make up for it by ensuring your workers immediately go to the bathroom to wash their hands after they sneeze into it, rather than walk past it. Especially when he's the one bringing out your crappy food.Disclaimer: The young guy who was new to bartending was quite nice. And sometimes, the aforementioned surly lady was downright pleasant. Are you bi-polar? I do not understand.To the rude bartender who put a serious damper on my overall New Orleans trip: You are a discredit to Southern Hospitality. If you were more pleasant you might get better tips, thus saving you from chastising patrons for daring to tip you what you deserve. Not sure what is stuck up your ass, but you might want to have it pulled out. That shit can't be healthy.I was recently in New Orleans and stopped by Coop's Place for dinner. After a long day of walking around I was excited to get some good food. Let me just say my dining experience was ruined by the rudeness of our waiter. When it was my turn to order I had a simple question for him. Before I could even get the words out of my mouth he yelled at me "everything is good" and quickly went on to the other people in my party. Everyone looked around shocked and others at the table asked me if I had ordered and if the man had really dismissed me. After getting the rest of the orders he finally came back to me to take my order. While I understand that everyone has an off day and dealing with large groups is not easy, our waiter was just rude. Just not worth it to be treated like crap. Spend your money elsewhere.Coop's Place is one of those places that it's been a real wonder that I haven't tried yet in my 26 years living in Louisiana.  I've heard about the fried chicken for years.  But, more often than not, by the time I've made my way to downtown I've already eaten at some uptown establishment.  My trips  downtown usually involve things other than eating, unless it's a Lucky Dog at around 3:30am on some side street in the Quarter, by some dude with really dirty hands.Sadly, Coop's Place was that one busted chicken that somehow escaped the coop.  =( Dun dun chhhhh.  Years of hype built up means a really big tumble.Maybe it's been hyped up way too much in my head, but Coop's Place seriously undelivered.  I got the Cajun Chicken plate which came with a couple pieces of chicken, rabbit/sausage jambalaya, cole slaw, and I ordered a cup of seafood gumbo on the side.The chicken  was obviously the major disappointment.  Maybe I just got bad pieces, but I got some dried out chicken.  Sometimes that's ok when the flavoring it was out of this world.  Sadly, the flavoring wasn't all that either.  So not only did I have a less than memorable flavored chicken, but also one dried up piece of meat.So I absolutely LOVE tomatos.  I can sit there and eat a whole bag of cherry tomatos in 10 minutes.  What I don't love is jambalaya too tomatoey.  It wasn't bad by any means, but for my taste, it's just has too much tomato flavor in it to be considered jambalaya.  Like the jambalaya, the gumbo was just off.  The roux wasn't ditch water dark, nor thick.  The overall base was just too watery for me.  I like my gumbo dark in color, and thick in texture.  Not a killer though, as the taste was decent.The cole slaw is pretty decent, with it not being overly heavy, and does a good job of being the refreshing portion of the dish.Sidenote:  Also, for people in big groups, they only accept 2 cards at one time.  So make sure if you're a big group, bring some cash.Aside from the food, the atmosphere is great.  Very hole in the wall feel with the type of fun service that I only think you can get in NOLA.  I just only wish the chicken lived up to my ballyhooed standards.Sadly, Coop's Place falls under the "Check, I've been here, scratch it off my list".Hello, best place ever. May as well be in my trashy hometown of Lewiston, Maine - it includes raspy-voiced be-scrunchied ponytail wearing bartenders, weathered regulars, and a "we don't give a fuck" attitude - and also the most delicious jambalaya in the city of New Orleans. Yep, just like home, but  substitute the Creole French food for some Acadian French food and you're good to go. This would be a place where it would be appropriate to chain smoke and consume massive amounts of cheap beverages while becoming quietly and beligerantly drunk by yourself in a corner. Slightly out of the way, Coops boasts a rough and tumble clientele sprinkled with typical tourists - we ran into a very Prideful group of middle aged ladies who became BFF with us and even told my cousin all about her Saturn's return (aka being 30) and I do believe they would have stopped her from getting married the next day if they could have. Outstanding. The bloody mary and coffee I had were absolutely delicious. The jambalaya supreme is why you should come here though. Don't order anything else. It's incredibly, incredibly delicious - the best part of it for me is that its crispy, like it was baked or something. I can't even handle it. So good. My cousin goes here multiple times per visit to NOLA because of all her food allergies (she's safe with jambalaya) and I know that next time I am here, I would like to visit more than once. The waitress actually rolled her eyes at Erin when she returned for the 3rd or 4th time last week. Which is what makes this place so damn awesome.The place looks and feels dirty, the service is horrible, and while some dishes are ok, many are cheaply prepared and tasteless.The rice they use in dishes tastes like minute rice.  And the blackened catfish is terrible, do not order this if you must eat here.We went here for a birthday dinner. Our waitress ignored us, didn't bring all our food, apps came before water and beers (this was after she explained that a basket of bread would take as long as an order of jalapeno poppers, really?)!!, and then tried to include tip for a party of five (the menu specifically states parties of 6 or more will have gratuity added).I was a waitress for years and usually tip 20% or more. For the first time in my life, I tipped zero, and I have never felt better about a decision.I'm not even boring you with all the details, but suffice to say, after receiving the WORST service of my life, and tipping accordingly, the waitress followed out of the restaurant and suggested we never return, no problem honey ... .If you must eat here, do for lunch ... the service is mildly better.Sadly, my one star won't affect the overall rating, but maybe I'll save one diner the pain of eating here.Coop's, Coop's, Coop's.  What are we going to do with you?Tourists love it.  Locals don't love it.  I'm not a local but I liked it, so I guess that means I was fooled....well, not so fast.I have only had the fried chicken plate there which comes with a side of some excellent jambalaya.  I thought the chicken was excellent.  It was tender and juicy and the skin was crispy and well-seasoned.  I honestly could have eaten a triple portion of the spicy, highly-seasoned and fresh  jambalaya.  It was not dried out at all, which I appreciated.The drinks are strong and the beer is cold but be aware that the bartenders will give you serious attitude if you ask for a cocktail any more involved than Coke and rum (and this includes the foofy cocktails listed on the menu).  Fair warning.  I didn't have the pleasure of enjoying the restrooms which so many people have written about.  I thought all the tourists just peed on the streets in the Quarter so I am somewhat amazed that some folks have discovered bathrooms affiliated with a restaurant.I don't like the line outside but the place is a dinky dive so the joint simply won't handle the crowd that wants in.  On the positive side, the kitchen at Coop's is open much later than most kitchens in town and that's a huge plus if you want some good hot food late at night when most kitchens are closed and you can only dine on liquids.I don't know if I would stand in line in the middle of the day for Coop's but I would come back, and wait in line, if it was late and I was hungry.  It's super casual which I also like.  Four stars seems about right.I swear to god, the kitchen must add some kind of addictive drug to the rabbit and sausage jambalaya, because I can't get enough of it.Whenever I have friends/family/colleagues in town for a conference or a visit, inevitably they'll say "Hey, let's get dinner so we can see you! What's good and in the Quarter?" And I always say Coops because I'm just counting down the days until I can get my fix of the hallowed jambalaya. The only reason I hesitate to give this place 5 stars is that the last 2 times I've been there (both times within the last 3 weeks), the service has been noticeably and unnecessarily curt, which I thankfully haven't noticed before. I totally get that it's a drag constantly having to shoo people away from the door due to fire codes and dealing with drunk belligerent tourists. But when I brought some out of town friends here for dinner a few nights ago, the waitress did not verbally speak to us when taking our order, instead pointing her pen at each of us in turn. Um.... we're not naughty children or in a police line-up. Really, really not cool. I'm just hoping that the last couple times have been just "off" nights for them.Cute little hole in the wall.  Looks more like a bar.  But as the wait line suggests and the yelp photos too, this place does good food.Some of the best food in NOLA we had.  Very reasonable prices.  Not as tacky cheesy touristy and overpriced as a lot of places are in the French Quarter.  Maybe it helps that its a bar so families can't come in.The pasta was quite good.  Worth the wait, if you need to eat in the French Quarter.  But yes, the wait was long!Hidden gem?  Not at all.  But heads above all the other tourist traps.NEVER AGAIN......this place is SO Unsanitary!They have a CAT living in the restaurant on the window sill!! It gets to RUN around and BOTHER EVERYONE!!We asked NICELY for them to remove the cat...next thing you know, it jumped right onto the bench AGAIN...next to us. THAT IS DISGUSTING! ESPECIALLY becuase I am allergic to CATS!! SO was my friend.We are trying to have a nice dinner in peace..but this place is absolutely GROSS!We will never try this place again! They need to have some HEALTH CODES in NEW ORLEANS!!! GOD I LOVE CALIFORNIA!!! Oh and the food was not that great.Oh man, oh man, oh man... this place is awesome! I guess after reading the reviews below I got lucky when I asked a couple of my friends to come meet me there for lunch yesterday. We walked in and there was a table of 4 waiting for us, so there was no wait at all. Parking, as anywhere in the quarter, can be a hassle, but you can always get lucky on that side of Decatur, or by the French Market. Anyway as I sat and waited for my friends to park I ordered a Restoration Pale Ale for $3.50...oh my smile is growing thinking about this, all their Abitas are 3.50... this might not mean a lot to you but I live in Miami where we only have Purple Haze and Turbodog and they're usually 6-8 bucks a pop....yess! My anxiety started to grow as I watched the servers bringing food to my neighboring tables... I knew we were in for a real treat.So we ended up opting for the fried crab claws, the Coop's sampler plate, and a shrimp and crawfish po-boy (my friend was struggling to get a bite of the later, and we found it really amusing when the table next to us gave her an applause when she finally managed to take the first bite....it was huge!!)  I have to say I was pretty satisfied with the sampler plate, the crab claws where nothing out of this world, I'd go for the smoked duck quesadilla the next time. Our server took his time, but he was funny, and we were taking our time so just another day in the big Easy!I love, love, love the decor, old Quarter dive/joint vibe, but homey and quaint at the same time. I didn't venture into the back, I've heard it leaves a lot to be desired, so I will refrain from doing it on my next visit.... out of site, out of mind!Wow. wow. Wow. Why can there not be a really good authentic Creole restaurant in every american city. If you can get Sushi, Korean, Thai and Indian food in every god forsaken city, why can't you get Creole food which is New Orleans Cuisine and hence is part of the American cuisine. Word of advice to my American friends: Next time a foreigner tells you that American food is bland, send that guys ass to New orleans.Anyway, coming to Coops. I do not have words to tell you how lucky I am to have eaten here in my lifetime. There are very few meals a man remembers for a very very long time. I remember a Dinner I ate with my wife in Phuket, Thailand and I will remember Coops. That's all I have to say.Coop's is a little hidden gem. You have to be 21+ to even enter to eat, so it's not for the kiddies. It was the last place we stopped to eat before our departure from new orleans, so we wanted the last taste of what n'awlins had to offer. Walking aimlessly around the french quarter, we stopped at a local shop where the two workers there pointed us out to Coop's.The ambiance was bar-like, a little dark, a little dirty. A true New Orleans secret. I took in the suggestions of fellow yelpers and went with the cajun fried chicken, rabbit & sausage jambalaya, and coleslaw. Freaking deliciousssssssssssss! My first taste of rabbit and I didn't feel one bit guilty. The portions were huge for one person. I ended up giving the second piece of chicken breast to my friend, who did not enjoy her gumbo. Prices didn't hit a hole in your wallet. However as the rude waitress let us know, "one table, one bill." I'm not sure why it was so hard for her to separate them. She probably would have gotten a bigger tip. But oh well, her loss and minus one star. Just because your food is good, doesn't mean you can lack on your people skills. They go hand in hand to make a business successful.We arrived, said we were a group of 8, but there was no where for us to sit. Ok, the waiter told us we could wait outside (?) (Not at the empty seats at the bar? It's 90 degrees outside)We sat at the bar anyway, then sat in two groups at two tables. To which the waitress told us that we couldn't order in two groups. So we actually were able to get a few beers and finally able to sit together at which point the waitress became less of a miserable turd and took our orders.Food was good. Fried Chicken was good.Jambalaya was tasty. Oh, and beware of big huge roaches that scurry on the floor.The only edible items are the jambalaya (out of this world amazing) and fried chicken. Everything else is borderline appalling.Looks like a hole-in-the-wall bar near the French Market area of the French Quarter, but don't let that fool you.  This is definitely the go-to spot  for down-home solid Cajun food in the area. You won't believe how many times I've heard tourists talk to each other about how locals rave about this place, and I even had a walker-by whisper "eat there" when the husband and I were standing outside the door reading the menu.By far the best tasting red beans and rice with sausage I've had in town.  Perfectly cooked red beans (with tons of chunks of ham) accompanied with what looks like a pound of andouille sausage.  The fried chicken was also perfectly cooked, not too breaded (as it seems they like to make it around here) accompanied with the perfect rabbit and sausage jambalaya (with charred bottom rice bits and everything)!  Seafood gumbo was also tasty and the fried crawfish was alright (which is fine since they weren't in season when I got them anyways).  I don't like cole slaw but I even found that totally amazing - I was eating all that up.  I also saw some vegetarian-friendly pasta dishes in their menu that looked good, which is rare for these type eateries in these areas.A no-frills but a great place that's a must visit.  You won't be disappointed.08/10/2011 - 08:57 pmCoop's Place is typical dim-dark divey trashy bar with fitting Characters.--------------Purple Haze to start.  A local beer brand called Abita from Abita Springs.--------------Cajun Fried Chicken - Seasoned with Coop's Bayou Blend and Rabbit & Sausage Jambalaya with Coleslaw($8.95/2piece)The combination of those 3 elements made for a great meal.  It wasn't that the Place was spectacular, the Beer world-class nor the Food Michelin-star classed.  Basically the combination complemented each other well making the whole an essential casual dive bar happiness.Fried Chicken was lightly seasoned where I got the occasional Bayou Blend taste from one bite to another while the skin was single-flour not extra-crispy recipe and the Chicken(White Meat) was surprisingly juicy fresh.  If the Chicken was marinated, the Meat would have been even more addictive flavourful.   3.5'dThe Coleslaw was not really needed IMO because I would have liked more Jambalaya which goes well with booze of choice.  The Rice was mushy however enough flavour with savoury bites of Sausage and I barely even knew Rabbit existed in this dish but it didn't much matter.Satisfaction walking back to boozy street for what else.Coop's is the fantastically lazy place to take your out of town guests. That's right, it's because you can pretty much knock out most kinds of Cajun food all in one meal. Also you can introduce a few of the local cold brews to boot! And you know what? It all tastes pretty decent too. I never thought to myself, "SELF! Let's go get some fried chicken!" It's not a food that pops into my head when it's time for eating. But my goodness, the chicken is so perfectly crispy, juicy, and spicy all at once. It is greasy, finger licking perfection. I devour it when those guests come visit, it's probably usually a side of me they haven't seen! -Elaine? Did you even chew that?It's in a wonderful spot in the French Quarter, just the right amount of distance from the river, the market, and Frenchman St, which happen to be my go-to's for most visitors. I love that they have a cat that hangs around sometimes. It probably has a job but one never wonders about those things too much when they're up to their elbows in soul food deliciousness! One night the cooks all came out of the kitchen and lined up at the bar to each do a shot. That's down home New Orleans right there! Made me love them all the more.. It's the right amount of comfortable without being a turn off. Kind of like me, really.Delicious cajun or creole food. They had some good scotch too. They were packed but still managed to seat us quickly. They mean business.Service is friendly. They let me use their phone because we were going to miss out on a walking tour because we were running late. Ironically, we passed several walking tours that night on the way to our next destination. We were tempted to follow along but didn't.Anyhow, this restaurant had great food. The signs decorating the place were somewhat funny.It's right on Decatur right in the middle of the action. For its location you'd think it would be bad because it's touristy but it's actually quite delicious. I would definitely recommend eating here and was sad I only had one meal here.Really good cajun/creole food at a good price. There is always a line out front. Dont let that discourage you. Wait. The food is worth it. The fried chicken is a definite recommendation. It had great flavor and wasnt soaking on grease!I effin' hate this place. Have been twice and eat here once. The first time we went they told us to wait outside for a table and were total dicks about it. The second time I went with 6 co-workers and sat at the bar. No one - not one of us - was overly impressed with the food, and we ALL agree that they bartenders in particular are arrogant assholes who think they are WAY better than the customers who keep them in business. I will NEVER set foot in this shithole again.I honestly don't see what the attraction is. I love divey places. I love places with a bit of attitude and a simple way of doing business. I don't mind waiting in line either... if the food's worth it.   The food is not worth it here. The "amazing" fried chicken? The white meat was dry. The dark meat was good. Not amazing, but good. The "amazing" rabbit jambalaya? Mine was scraped from the bottom of the pot, was overcooked and mushy and without distinct flavor. The deep fried oysters and crab legs. Bland, greasy, totally unremarkable.   When the ($120) check came, we asked to split it between to cards. "Nope, can't do that" was the unapologetic response from the hipster bartender-slash-server.   WAY too many good food places in NO to waste time in this hole.Fresh off the plane from Chicago at 1 p.m., we stopped into the first local bar we found off the blaring, beaten track of Bourbon. Three rounds of 20 oz. hurricanes later, we stumbled our way out of Rawhide gay leather bar with overwhelming recommendations to hit up Coop's for food.Being a meat and potatoes kid in a seafood town, I hit the floor when I saw fried chicken with rabbit & sausage jambalaya. Drunk as I was, I couldn't describe it to you. It was different, delicious, and the crispiest damn fried chicken I had all weekend. Our bartender was quick, and extremely patient (or indifferent) to the growing collection of drunk, screaming tourists. For the rest of you, I recommend eating here before drinking - it will be the best food you've had all weekend. I know it was for me!Oh Coops, you had me at "Good For Kids: No."  It was my first night in  New Orleans, a city it does not take long to get comfortable in.  It was love at first sight between me and this fine festive city, then I walked into Coops.Loud, untamed, and divey.  Worth the wait, the money and the calories.  The food here is absolutely fantastic, it was a great introduction to the outstanding cuisine of New Orleans.  I had the cajun rubbed red fish, it was the most perfect meal for that moment.  Throw in some local brew and a staff with overflowing character and grit, and you've got yourself one happy customer. Thank you the unforgettable meal.Can't believe I forgot to review this place-- this was the best meal I've had in all of New Orleans.  It is definitely not a fancy restaurant, if anything-- it is just a no frills dining experience.  If you haven't been here, go for the sampler dinner dish.  You get to try a little bit of everything, all of which is good.Highlights:1.  Jambalaya.  So good.  I just got hungry writing that.2.  Fried chicken.  Best fried chicken I have ever had, and I mean, I've had a ton of fried chicken.  Take my word for it-- skin is perfectly crispy, and it is seasoned to perfection.  Not your "classic" fried chicken, as the batter includes a variety of spices and flavoring... but the chicken is phenomenal.  Drinks are super strong, which, isn't a bad thing.  I can't wait to come back to NO so I can hit this place up again.I stumbled upon this place while cruisin Decataur. I had every intention on paying Coops a visit while in town on business again. The food - The red beans and rice were a bit bland for my taste, but decent with salt, pepper, and hot sauce. My dish came with two pieces of chicken which was decent.The service...well, what can I say. Someone took my order, another brought out my food...that's all she wrote. Don't expect to come here expecting great service. When you walk in you may or may not be greeted...I wasn't. When you get your food, your server may or may not come back to check on you...mine did not. I don't sweat the small stuff though, so you shouldn't either.Go if you want a filling meal that's very wallet friendly. I paid $8.95 for red beans and rice and two pieces of chicken.  Stay away if you don't like dive bars or you prefer five star service.Their rabbit and sausage jambalaya was a major disappointment. It MAY have been good when it was made, but by the time it got to me it tasted like it had been in a chafing dish for six hours. Gross.Another thing that rubbed me the wrong way: I orded the cup of jambalaya while we decided on what we wanted for entrees. My wife decided to get fried chicken, which comes with a side of slaw and the SAME cup of jambalaya. She got fries instead of the slaw, since she doesn't like slaw, and passed on the jambalaya, since she doesn't like jambalaya. You'd THINK the waitress would have counted my cup of jambalaya as the one that came with her food, but nope. There was no discount for her deducting a side and I was charged extra for getting it, even though I could barely eat it.Greasy fries. Fried shrimp and fried oysters no different from that available at any restaurant that serves it. Nasty slaw.And the waitress was a real work of art. There was a short wait to get in, but the restaurant overall didn't seem extraordinarily busy. Our server, though, was completely in the weeds (industry parlance, for those who don't know, for a server so completely swamped they can't keep anything straight).There are lots of other restaurants in New Orleans. I suggest you try them.There is a reason this restaurant has over 600 reviews and always had a line to get a table.  It is just that good!  Here's my quick review:Crab stuffed peppers-yuckSide salad-fresh and yummyGumbo-good.  Loved the okra!Jambalaya-rabbit and sausage was the best I've ever had.  Amazing and spicyRed beans and rice-perfect texture and consistency.  Tons of flavorShrimp Creole-another big hit.  Yum!Fried chicken-I will never be able to eat fried chicken from anywhere ever again.  This is the holy grail of friend chicken.  Not greasy, tons of flavor, crisp, juicy, and incredible.  The service was impeccable.  The price was very reasonable.  The portions were huge.  The space was fun and friendly.  I wish I had just eaten here the whole trip.My husband and I have cried every single day since our meal at Coop's. You cannot find better Cajun food!!!The Supreme Rabbit and Sausage jambalaya... with added shrimp, crawfish and tasso, is a must try! My mouth is watering and so are my eyes as I know I will have to travel all the way back to NOLA to get my cravings fulfilled!!! Till we meet again Coop's!Best fried chicken i've ever had. wow. seafood gumbo was also absolutely amazing. red beans and rice- have porWTF is going on with the reviews of this place. Went based on yelp reviews and it was near where we were staying.Service: Indifferent at best, downright rude if I'm honest. Space: Dirty and cramped.Wait time - 30 mins outside (that's how the sucker people in)Food: - Appeared 2 minutes after we ordered it. No kidding. Hmm.. me thinks tis not made-to-order.- Rabbit and sausage jambalaya...disgusting. Totally inedible.- Fresh Louisiana Crab Claws ...cold and greasy.- Jambalaya Supreme...inedible.I looked around and nearly everyone on the surrounding tables were leaving a lot of food on their plates and leaving. The group of 6 guys next to us ordered the fried chicken based on one of their friend's recommendations. Their food came out 3 minutes after they ordered it. They commented on how fast that was, then they tucked in and all pushed their plates away in disgust and then cussed out their friend. LOL!Do not waste your money or time.CHICKEN TCHOUPITOULAS!!!! Order it as soon as you walk in. Personally it can do with out the chicken. What ever that is that they drench the chicken and rice in makes my mouth cry for more with every bite. AND THEN THE BONUS.... green beans cooked in bacon fat!!!!I just don't have the words... i have to go cry myself to sleep now!Coop's is overrated.  It just is. Coop's is a neighbood-type restaurant in the FQ.  It's full of dirty hippies and the usual French Quarter people.  The lighting is terrible and the menu is scrawled on a board on one wall.  There is no tap beer available.  The bar tenders are slowmo and look overtaxed just to  uncap beer bottles.  The atmosphere is that of a dive: exposed brick walls, chairs and tables strewn about, people yelling and laughing too loudly, and creepy regulars at the bar.The fried chicken is by far the best thing on the menu.  It's not bad, has some spice, and is very greasy.  The oil they use must not be changed often because the fried chicken usually has burned bits on it.  These add to the charm, I guess.  But the correct term to refer to the chicken is "okay"...and certainly not "AWESOME" as some reviewers suggest.  I mean, Popeye's is probably better...  I haven't tried Dooky Chase but I hear they are also better.  The service is not very good.  The bartenders are slow for no reason.  The waiters and servers seem like they are new to food service or are simply not interested in doing their job.The gumbo is actually pretty good.  I like the crawfish etouffee, but who could screw that up?!The jambalya is dry and not very good.The shrimp creole is gross.  It's a mix of dry rice, tomato and shrimp.  Do not get it.The red beans and rice are pretty good.  The taste plate is not a bad idea if it's your first time in.  You can get any of their fried stuff--it's greasy but okay.  Likewise, the poboys are fine.  I also like the redfish meuniere and the chicken fettuccine, although I suspect the latter is a pre-packaged dish.All in all, there are a lot of cheap eats in the FQ.  Coops is a standby for chicken but the Canal Street Popeyes is probably better albeit a cheesey chain.  If you get the right dishes at Coops you can enjoy yourself.  It's definitely a good idea to go there drunk or on the way to oblivion.Coops is really a good restaurant that just looks like a bar and they don't play around with the food!  This ain't no pretentious limited menu "Gastropub" as they have a great full menu with full servings at a fair price!  Coop's probably has one of the finest examples of shrimp creole I've ever sampled.  They have an extensive menu that also includes some great po boys and other NOLA fare.  The gumbo is usually just "ok" so I usually skip that.  The one item they fall far short on is their burger and fries as it is one of the worst to be had in the French Quarter.  Coop's is also frequently rumored to have some of the best fried chicken in the New Orleans area but we keep that kind of talk quiet as we don't want tourists finding out ;)Coop's generally serves food until pretty late / early in the AM so it is a great place for a later dinner.  I've enjoyed everything I've ever eaten here (other than the burger) so it is definitely a great place to check out for lunch or dinner.  They have some things I still haven't sampled, as I always seem to crave the shrimp creole too much, but I must use some discipline and expand my sampling!From the outside - a jenky little bar on the outskirts of French Quarters. But yet still eye catching because there is ALWAYS a line! Well, I stood my ground to find out why.Coop's Taste Plate ($13.95)I wanted a taste of everything - so this was perfect. A variety dish consisting of a cup of seafood gumbo as well as a plate piled high with shrimp creole, red beans & rice w/sausage, rabbit & sausage jambalaya - all topped with a cajun fried drumstick stuck right in the middle of the plate! There were 2 good dishes on the plate - the fried chicken + the jambalaya. It is the BEST that I had in my entire trip to New Orleans. The fried chicken was had the crispiest skin ever - and yet the breading was still light! Huge CRUNCH as you bite in. DELICIOUS. The jambalaya had this grilled taste and crunchy texture from the smoked sausage - so delicious since in many southern rice dishes have that goopy soft texture. Flavor bomb! And don't be too scared about the rabbit part. I could hardly taste any rabbit meat!Cajun Fried Chicken ($10.50)My coworkers had already been to Coops and knew that the fried chicken + jambalaya was the best plates here and strategically ordered this plate - which  give you 3 pieces of their incredible fried chicken with a side of jambalaya. Even having this plate twice in a span of 3 days - they were raving about it. SO DELICIOUS!I have to say - even though the food blows me away, the service is utterly slow and quite honestly a little rude. There are only 3 bartenders/servers - manning the entire restaurant, bar, and the line outside. Be prepared to wait a long time in line (even if it looks short) and to wait a long time for your food.Just say you aren't coming here for the Jambalaya (with rabbit) or the Gumbo or the cheap drinks or the divey but refined ambiance...You must come for the FRIED CHICKEN. It is served so hot and so crispy, it feels perverse when you are stuffing your face.It's 21+ no kids. Sorry, leave them at cafe Du Monde for an 1hr.It's got a sweet ambiance, dark and divey. The air con is blasting, so it's a great place to keep cool. It's also cheap. It could get loud when frat boys come in, but it's easy to ignore.definitely best fried chicken anywhere, no lies.Coops is a dive bar with excellent food cranked out its back kitchen. Most importantly, you'll find the best jambalaya in the French Quarter here.   For those who don't know jambalaya is a dish of slowly cooked meats and vegetables with rice, its kind of like a creole paella. The version here has a strong tomato base.  You'll want to get the supreme version of the jambalaya here because they'll add seafood and tasso. It's the tasso that adds that rich, spicy, smoky flavor that pushes this jambalaya ahead of the others.Other memorable dishes here include the fried chicken, which has been  called the best in the city. Personally I prefer the chicken at Willie Mae's  but the version here is quite good. It comes with a side which can be jambalaya and you can upgrade to the supreme version for you side, which I always do. Or you can have a side of red beans and rice, which if you get should be doused with hot sauce before eating. The RB&R here has shredded meat in it so don't think your vegetarian friend can share any. I've also enjoyed the smoked duck quesadillas.  FYI - There's usually a line of tourists out the door at dinner time, perhaps owing to its proximity to the French market.  I'm not one to wait in lines for bar food, no matter how great it is, so I normally go for lunch and sit at the bar. The restaurant has a few tables, a few high boy two tops, a pool table, TV, jukebox, and some dirty bathrooms out back. It's one of those places I tell out of towners is a "must see" whenever they visit.I just watched The Coop webcam and literally started salivating.coopsplace.net/webcam/ba…Best Jambalaya ever, hands down, on the table, fork and knife in hand, in the dark, greasy lips, and pulsing tummy. Jubilant thumper and wilbur put to rest in their local niche spices, greens, and grains. Heart in mouth fried chicken. After literally being courted for hours my different restaurants in the Big Easy, I sat myself in this dark little dive, ordered an Abita local brew, and pretended to be busy writing and reading when really I was living a food fantasy.An older woman who was traveling around the world gave me a heads up, that you can get a dinner sampler here. Lonely Planet didn't particularly entice me about this pub "that was built in the 80s with absolutely no thought of ambiance." I don't need fancy art and chandeliers for this down home food.There are pitbulls and cooks smoking weed in the back room. It's dark in here. There are signs that say "Be Nice or Leave."  I think maybe I'll strike up the conversation with the people around the bar, but they are characters from around the country talking about sports and shooting the shit with another character waitress. And I am tired and sober in NOLA.I do recommend the sampler plate if you are new- you can try it all for like $11 bucks.JUMBALAYA=rabbit and smoked pork sausage, creole rice, tomatoes, onion, bell peper, local seasonings, shrimp, tasso. Sassyfrassy! I french-kissed this dish all over the place. FRIED CHICKEN=Chicken melts off the bone.The fried chicken was a beautiful bird that flew into a hot vat of delicious crunchy sea. This is what fried chicken is supposed to taste like. I have to say, I couldn't really get at the jumbo and pickled okra. Oh! I like okra. do i like jumbo? it's a stew with vegs, okra, sassafrass ground, crab claws, oysters. Red beans and rice was nice, classic dish. My stomach got to know a whole people. But  the fantasy was complete when I had my threesome with the jumbalaya and fried chicken.Young waiter is hot, and grungy, and Southern, yum. He defends his restaurant no longer having alligator apps after Katrina.  The bus girl who I befriend tells me a different story... She thinks she might want to be a cook or a bartender and make more money. I encourage her. I wish I could have shared this with someone I like. Or just not have been so damn tired from zero sleep the night before, and five hours walking around the city aimlessly. Then maybe I could have enjoyed myself and really wrote in the coop instead of pretending to. After eating, I am still lonely, but less so. I had The Meal! Now I can face the music.This place looks like a total dive, but the food was good. We split the seafood pasta, the pasta opelousas, and 2 Taste plates, which came with fried chicken, shrimp creole, seafood gumbo, red beans and rice with sausage, and rabbit and sausage jambalaya. It was a LOT of food for four people. I really liked the pasta opelousas, gumbo, and jambalaya. The cajun fried chicken was okay, but kind of dry.Service was reallyyyy slow though, and it took us forever to get a table and our food.It's been three weeks since my trip to New Orleans ended, and I'm still salivating over Coop's Place.  Specifically, my tongue is tingling for the Jambalaya Supreme, which (vegetarian's beware) ought to be called "Noah's Arc" since it contains rabbit, sausage, crawfish, shrimp, and tasso ham.  I ate this savory, smoky dish for two days in a row, and would have gone back for a third time, happily.  The food's so good that I am looking for excuses left and right to get back to NOLA as soon as possible, just so I can hunker down at Coops with a fresh mojito (so much fresh mint that your straw will get choked),  a tasty nosh, and watch the colorful crowd go by.As an eatery, Coop's Place is small and low-key.  It definitely feels more like joint for locals than a tourist spot - check out the folks eating at Jimmy Buffet's Margaritaville across the street and you'll see what I mean.  The wait staff is a bit hurried, but also efficient and friendly.  I caught the waitress rocking out to REO Speedwagon more than once, and apparently, wearing beads into this place will earn you a good and proper mocking.  There's a stringy little gray cat who sleeps in the window, and behind the bar you can sometimes catch the big old bulldog named Ozzy Osbourne having a nap.  Let me repeat that:  a bulldog named Ozzy Osbourne.  If that's not enough to convince you, then you must be dead inside.After a one-hour wait, we were finally seated at the bar, but they were out of mint juleps and sazeracs. We ordered some gumbo and jambalaya. Our first bites of each dish were room-temperature, so I politely pointed this out to the bartender and requested that we get everything heated up. He claimed that they cook up dishes to order and that they don't have a microwave. Uh, I am pretty sure there is more than one way to reheat a dish. Anyway, the bartender took our plates back, so I was under the impression he would get new dishes for us. He later returned, claiming that he had burned his finger when sticking it in our food, and he subsequently kicked us out of the bar. He could have simply told us he couldn't or wouldn't reheat the food, and we would have grudgingly finished our meal and still left him a decent tip. But I guess at a restaurant this popular, the staff feels they can get away with treating new customers badly. We took a walk to Lüke, which I highly recommend for mint juleps, hot food, and amazing service.Okay, realize this is from a vegetarian point of view, hence the one star missing (sorry we're spoiled in SF and hope to at least have four options on the menu).  I had the pasta and I have to say it was pretty good.  Most restaurants will give you broccoli and maybe one other vegetable on your vegetarian pasta...if you're lucky.   Coop's did not skimp on the vegetables and I found myself with a delicious sauce accompanied by 6 different types of veggies.  The service was quick and nice.  We had a young lady who was super focused and accommodating.  The setting was fun, dark like a bar should be, and the beer was good (again spoiled by West Coast Oregon beer) .  All around I would come back to this place on my next trip to New Orleans which I wish was tomorrow.First of all, this place MUST pay people to write 5 star reviews for it. There is NO WAY the restaurant I went to last week could possibly get this high of reviews without there being some sneaky business going on!!The story starts the first night my two friends and I arrived in town. It was late, about midnight and we were REALLY hungry. I used my handy dandy yelp app to find nearby restaurants with high reviews that were open late. Coop's it was! And let me tell you, I was excited!! The first thing I NEED to comment on is the Duck Quesadilla. Yes, that same one that almost every reviewer before me is raving about. To be honest, I never got to the point of actually trying the quesadilla because before going to try it I decided to try the sauce it was swimming in which by the way, tasted like a disgusting mix between orange juice and vomit!! After sampling that I couldn't bring myself to eat anything else on that plate. I seriously am hoping that someone from the restaurant replies to this review to tell me what was going on with that stuff. I am so confused. Everything else we ordered, red beans and rice with fried chicken, lamb ribs, salad, veggie burger, cokes, were not HORRIBLE like the quesadilla OJvomit juice but were nothing I would EVER recommend to anyone. I am still sooooo confused as to how this place gets such high reviews. I'm pretty sure I considered self induced barfing while on the walk back to the hotel.I'm just crusing through Yelp right now, and I came across the reviews for Coop. Whoa, talk about memories. On my first trip to New Orleans, I would come here to eat. Now, this has been years, I'm talking probably about 12 years ago. Has it been that long? Anyway, if my memory serves me correct, I had the seafood, or was it just the shrimp gumbo? Whatever it was, it was just spicy enough. My first gumbo soup ever. It was here that I recongized Dave Pirner from that 90s band Soul Asylum. The one that was dating Wyonna Ryder for a while back in the day. I went by his table and gave him some mardi gras beads. He smiled, nodded, and said "thank you." My friend didn't know who he was.It would be nice to visit this town again.Look. First thing first. ITS A BAR. iT HAS GOOD FOOD (for a bar for Christ sake). I always find it funny when people come to certain establishments and expect things that would typically uncharacteristic for the given place. Like for example the dude who had to order white vs dark etc and never realized he was being "that guy" and was treated differently. How about the person that say its in a" bad neighborhood". I don't know about them or if they noticed but New Orleans is kinda old. Things look a tad bit run down. Anyway. It's a great side stop to have some cocktails, eat good food and get on with your day. Do not be on some time frame, and enjoy.I had a fried oyster,bacon and onion omelette. Wife had a blackened chicken sandwich. Each meal we would have paid twice as much in a " fancier" spot. Go it's fun. We enjoyed it. We also took greyhounds to go. wTF not. We are on NawlinsOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHH I loved this place! Yes I am definitly a fan. Best fried chicken I have ever had in my life! The flavor is wonderful and the skin is really crispy. comes with jambalaya which i am not  a huge fan of in general. They make all of their own salad dressings, tried a couple and they were good.  The place is absolutely filthy, flies everywhere, general drust and grime. A lot of locals hanging out, drinking. the service is incredibly rude and dismissive but sometimes that can really add to the overall ambiance. we saw one fight at the bar that was broken up by fay-who is either the actual owner or the de facto one-everyone was so blasee about it, it must happen all of the time.bottom line, the place is a dump, ther service sucks but i wouldn't change a thing about it. especially not their fried chicken!Great place for Jambalaya and drinks!  The Jambalaya was enough to fill our bellies, however I don't settle for just full, I go for stuffed! And...they pour stiff! Good ole NOLA.Highlights of food:-Jambalaya Supreme with Rabbit and Sausage: The cuter that animal, the better the taste! Except for pigs... The Tasso in the Jambalaya was my favorite (it's Cajun seasoned blackened cured ham).-Creole green beans: Dowsed in bacon grease, but without that, it wouldn't be the same. Do share or else your heart will not forgive- Crabmeat Jalapeno Poppers: Eh, could have been better. Poppers aren't the same without cheese. The crabmeat stuffing was little bland for my taste, however if they just added a little cheese...muah, perfecto.I've lived in New Orleans over 30 years, and I'm sorry to see so many people give this place good reviews. I notice most of those good reviews are from tourists, or people not from here. I've tried several times, mostly with out of town guests who insist we try it, since they've heard so much about it.The service is rude at best, the food is bland, mushy awful jambalaya. I'd avoid this place at all cost!If you go by appearances this place is a dump.  In any other city this place would not be allowed to open for business.  The food; however, is very good.  Our waitress was actually quite helpful.  I would not say the same for the rest of the staff.I started with a cup of jumbalaya.  It was so good.  It is spiced just right.  The flavor is great, and it has just enough kick.For my meal I ordered the pasta rosa minus the shrimp.  The portion is huge and the flavor is excellent.  This is the first time that a pasta dish showed up with more toppings than pasta.This is one of the best bang for the buck meals you can get.  It is so very cheap for the level of food you get.Worth the wait, one of my favorite meals. The wacky waiter was half jerk, half sweet heart- bought a grumpy member of our group 2 shots of Jameson before we got seated.Spicy alfredo pasta with tasso and crawfish is insane! The tasting sampler had the most amazing jambalaya. The fried chicken is unique. And I pretty much stole all the sausage off my neighbors plate. Not a single thing was bad. Eat here!Ambience? Decent. I came here with my friend and boyfriend around 11:30pm on a Friday night. We had been trying to find an open restaurant around the French Quarter, and Coop's Place seemed to receive high praise. From the moment we entered, the server was relatively rude. It wasn't particularly welcoming, but he seemed busy so I brushed it off. The menu wasn't particularly vegetarian friendly, but being the only vegetarian at the table, it wasn't too difficult to accommodate me. I ordered a plain veggie burger with fries, which is generally pretty foolproof. My boyfriend ordered a duck quesadilla as an appetizer, lamb ribs, and blackened redfish. First of all, I told him that he'd ordered way too much food, but that ended up being the least of our worries. My friend ordered red beans and rice with fried chicken.My veggie burger patty was dry and tasted like dirt. My boyfriend liked his ribs and redfish, but said that the duck quesadilla, which was floating in a pool of orange sauce, tasted like vomit. My friend didn't particularly like her food, either.Maybe we just had poor luck, but I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone!I came here before the hurricanes.  And I came again 5 years later.   It's just as good.Back then there was no Yelp to share with, no way to tell the world what I knew. But there is now. There were five of us on this rendezvous to Coop's. I can start by saying the wine pricing is incredibly reasonable. Quite possibly the best I have seen yet. My all stars from the menu? The Jambalaya, the homemade? horseradish sauce, the homemade? remoulade sauce (wow), the poppers stuffed with crab meat... The list goes on, these go on top. It's not the cleanest place in the world, but it's not supposed to be. It's New Orleans, they sell amazing Jambalaya. It's perfect for what it is.  The waiter was strange. He was kind of rude and abrupt. But in the end I think it was his sense of humor and even though I would normally mark a restaurant down for it, I think he just added to the experience.All in all. Coop's place is a clear win and definitely worth a stop. If you are making your list for NOLA. This must be on it.First off, Coop's is not located in the best area. After battling streets of pickpockets and leery dudes following us eyeing our purses and asking us pointless questions in order to distract us to steal our stuff, Coop's is a disappointment to say the least. I was expecting something far better for its 4 star ratings on Yelp but the food was meh.  I got the tasting plate which comes with the Jumbo, Jambalaya, Fried Chicken and Red Beans and Rice.  Growing up poor taught me to clean my plate (that or starve) so I finish ANYTHING ALWAYS but that did not happen here.  I could not stomach the Jambalya, it tasted like eating straight up spicy ketchup and tomato paste from a can. While the Fried Chicken was pretty tasty (but how badly can you mess up Fried Chicken?), the Jumbo was only okay (I've had much better in TX).  If your friends force you to eat here, save yourself, get the Fried Chicken. I promise, you'll thank me and you're not missing out.Lastly, the staff here is kinda rude.  I would've gladly taken rude for yummy food. I'm Asian! Have you met our rude ass waitstaff? But rude staff + mediocre food? That does not fly. Do not recommend. You can do better (go to Dragos, nicer, cleaner and yummier food if you like charboiled oysters... delicious mmhmm x 100).Very solid pub. Nice layout and atmosphere. Pool table. Good bar lined with regulars. Efficient bartender. And apparently the food is great. I wish I could say more about it, but we weren't eating there that night. At least a regular tipped us off on the $6 bowl of steamed softshell crab claws. Sweet jesus they were great. Could have eaten bowl after bowl.Really the only drawback was the wretched display of humanity waiting for a table and blocking the entrance. Seriously, if no one asks to see your disgusting boobs, don't show them. And if, when you nevertheless do so followed by your vile companion licking them publicly, at least have the decency to notice the dozens of people who poke their own eyes out in agony and horror ... Anyway, Coop's Place is a good place.With the amount of reviews for this place I almost find it pointless to write one.. but here I go. SO, if you're reading this.... "fuc" me? Aw thanks hahaha. Now, back to Coops. As a visitor of the finest city outside of Boston (yeaa Bruins!), me in NOLA was like woooo party. I came in with three people from the area and we grabbed a seat right away. The waitress was attentive to us and I'm just fascinated to have people say things like, "yes ma'am" and "you..someword..baby?"  That was wicked different for me.  After staring at the menu forever, I ended up with fried oysters and shrimp and I wish I hadn't.  It was good but plain-jane for me and the blacked redfish was bomb cause I ate some of someone else's, I want it now..please? Yeah, so I should have gotten that.Bathrooms were alright... kinda cramped and they're technically outside in the back. They also have an electronic jukebox on the wall and big buck game and pool table.One word: jenky. Dead bugs, grimy tables and hung over people give this place a little bit of charm. Coop's Taste Plate: A cup of Seafood Gumbo, Shrimp Creole, Cajun Fried Chicken, Red Beans & Rice with Sausage, and Rabbit & Sausage JambalayaThe rabbit & sausage jambalaya and the shrimp creole were really good. Everything else was mediocre. The plate looked like it came out of a cafeteria processing line but oh well. I just scarfed down my food and high tailed it outta there.We ate here upon recommendation from a guy down the street.  There was a line out the door when we got there, but it moved pretty quickly.  I ordered the sampler plate which included seafood gumbo, jambalaya, shrimp Creole and red beans & rice.  My husband ordered the cajun fried chicken and red beans & rice.  We both loved the seafood gumbo and the Cajun fried chicken, the gumbo was the best we ate while we were here but, neither of us cared for their red beans and rice, shrimp Creole or rabbit and sausage jambalaya.  I thought the red beans had too much ham and it wasn't in pieces but more stringy, which is a texture issue for me.  The rabbit jambalaya was really dry and the shrimp Creole didn't taste like it had been seasoned.  We would definitely eat here again but only for the seafood gumbo and fried chicken.Pretty friggin good food. I was here a couple years back and got the cajun fried chicken and jambalaya.  I went because my local friends said it was an authentic place to check out... That was some good eats!I know they don't take reservations and there was something going on with a line out the door so be prepared.One of those dive bars that gives you quality food!I highly recommend getting the Coop's Taste Plate ($13.95). I shared this with a friend and we were able to try:Seafood Gumbo 5/5Plate piled high with shrimp creole 4/5Red beans & rice w /sausage 4/5Rabbit & sausage jambalaya 4/5Fried Chicken 4.5/5The fried chicken was the best I've had in New Orleans. I enjoyed the gumbo, it has tons of flavor and is a good appetizer! My favorite was the rice with shrimp and tomatoes on top. It had the right about of spice and flavor. I also really enjoyed the jambalaya. The food here is just downright authentic and if I lived in New Orleans near the French Quarter, I'd eat at this place often!YUM!Picture this- 2 people with little knowledge of French Quarter fair wandering aimlessly looking for food. In steps the fabulous Yelp Iphone app. We consider going to Coop's Place, but keep walking because we think its too far away. We then hear some random drunk guy shouting how f''ing awesome Coops place is...We're in- and were not disappointed. This place is tiny- waiters with facial hair and funky clothes- people who looked like locals everywhere- we were a little intimidated, but persisted. We found a table and were quickly asked if we needed a drink- Abita all around! What I couldn't figure out was- why no Abita on tap? Then comes the menu- our mouth started watering when we saw the descriptions. We ended up both getting the "Coop's Taste Plate". The meal started with gumbo followed by a place that included a piece of fried chicken, jambalaya, red beans and rice, and shrimp creole. My friend gave the best compliment to the chicken- "this tastes like my grandmothers"! The sad part was that her comment was based on a small taste- the rest of her chicken had been overcooked and not really edible. Mine on the other hand was perfect. The gumbo, red beans and rice as well as the shrimp creole were seasoned well, but not really anything special. The Jambalaya on the other hand- OMG- it set a new standard of goodness.   The guy who waited on us was very friendly and fast with our service.  We were so stuffed after eating half of our plates. We will definitely go back next time we are NO and beg for a well cooked piece of chicken and another plate of jambalaya.Totally unrelated to the food, they boast a really cool cat who is very entertaining.People line up to eat here?  I'm somewhat willing to overlook the rude and crappy service (debate point at dinner: if many spots in the Quarter are often over-run with drunkards, it stands to reason the servers are going for speed rather than quality, just get through it.  Ok, I can sort of buy that)...but the food was merely ordinary.  It didn't have much taste.   The red beans and rice were bland and tasted out of a can.  The fried chicken, expecting greatness, was instead plain.  Even the fried seafood platter app -- could have been eating fried pigeon for all I knew, as I could not differentiate.Being a dive, it would be beneficial to have great food.With over 700 reviews, you might think that Coop's Place is the ultimate tourist destination.You'd be very, very wrong.Coop's Place is a dive bar. It's small, dank, and no-frills. If Hell has a restroom, It is shared with Coop's. The food is served with all the presentation of prison slop. The waitstaff was unimpressive at best, provided you could get their attention.So why so many rave reviews?The food is good. Damn good. It is loaded with flavor - not heavy handed with the spices, but well balanced flavors that you would expect from a 5 star restaurant. After entering, being bitten or stung by a bug, and going to the restroom where some mystery liquid drips down on you, I expected the food to be good (lest they would be out of business) but this took me by surprise.So wash your hands before you go, or just wipe them off in the sidewalk outside - it's cleaner than their restroom - but for my 3 day stay in New Orleans, it was the best grub I could find.FIGURES....I ate at this place before I yelped it...Not surprised by the great reviews!My friend and her coworkers came here around 11pm.  I already ate dinner so I thought I would just munch on some appetizers.  I also thought this was a small hole-in-the-wall place.Coop's Place proved me wrongggg.I first had some appetizers (lamb and quesadilla) and I thought "wow! this is super good!" My stomach stretched out more to accept the good food.  Then, we had some of the blackened redfish and jambalaya.  I got a full New Orleans experience in my mouth here!Cajun style to the fullesttt and I loveddd it!So, I ended up eating everything with my friend :)I would go to new orleans just for the delicious food.Thanks Coop's!I'll leave the sarcasm at the door here since the wait staff has this in spades. It's a bar. It's a dive and it's small, grungy and dirty. But the food is spectacular. I went with the rabbit and sausage jambalaya and it was like nibbling on that forbidden fruit in that sacred garden. Eyes darting around frantically expecting to get caught.My friends ordered the sampler platter that had a bit of everything. You can't go wrong with ordering anything here but if it is your first visit, I'd recommend going with that sample platter.I will come back.The fried chicken at Coop's is to die for.  Overly seasoned in the best kind of way and the sides round out one hell of a meal.The atmosphere is down right dirty and that's what makes the experience even better.  The waitstaff may be semi-nice to you and they may not, but it still is worth the visit.  This is also a great place if you are going it alone and just want to eat at the bar.Num, num...get some.Best Jambalaya in the QuarterFirst advice for out-of-towners is to chill out and relax. The place looks like a dive because it IS a dive. You won't get exceptional service but you will get great food. Seat yourself wherever is empty, the bar is usually best. This place is extremely busy, but is worth the wait when crowded- the place turns over very fast. The rabbit and andouille jambalaya is amazing. I get a bowl of it almost every time I visit. Fried chicken is always a good choice here- it's spicy and juicy. The gumbo here rocks as well. The bartender may not be super friendly depending on how busy it is but they pour with a heavy hand, so have a few and take a load off. This place is not good for groups, but is great for two or three, or solo dining. I hit here during errand days when I want to chow down quickly and not be bothered.The Skinny:  Eat More Jambalaya. Get Take-Out or Get Wasted.We got a tip on this place from the local who led a walking tour. He told us it's where he eats on his birthday if the lineup isn't too extremely long. We avoided the lineup by going (twice) between meal rushes, in the mid-afternoon.You won't go wrong with anything on the menu, but we couldn't get enough of the rabbit and sausage jambalaya. Intense, smoky flavour that will make you forget every other meal of your life.Tip your wait staff. They work hard and stay busy kicking out impatient people who try to jump the lineup that forms outside.P.S. After eating there, we overheard a customer asking an employee at a nearby cafe about places to eat. The employee said, "Go to Coop's. I'm not gonna lie to you, man. I've got sandwiches here, but you should go to Coop's."I would give this place a 3.5. When my boyfriend and I came to New Orleans, we wanted to try some good Cajun food so we looked on yelp and tried Coop's out. It had a neat atmosphere and the servers were friendly. There was also a nice selection of the local Abita beers. I have never had Cajun food before so I don't really know what to compare it to...my Jumbalaya was good but pretty spicy. My boyfriend loves spice so he ordered the creole shrimp which the server told us was the spiciest thing on the menu but it was not spicy at all. Idk if maybe they forgot to add the spice or something. My friend who is from new Orleans had the gumbo and she thought hers was very spicy too and she didn't care for it. She said there are better places to get Cajun food. All in all though, I thought it was a good experience.After eating all of NOLA's seafood offerings, we were craving fried chicken.  Yelpers recommended Coop's, and it did not disappoint.The fried chicken was deliciously seasoned and had perfectly crisp skin.  The breast I had could have been more moist, but that's a pretty common problem with white meat.  My friends had dark and they raved about it.  I also loved the rabbit and andouille jambalaya.  Frog legs were tasty too.  Drinks were strong and used premium liquor.  I enjoyed my Mint Julep and my friend sucked back two Mojitos in no time (then slept for 3 hours later)!Service was sort of slow, but the place was hopping at 4pm so we understood the craziness.  We weren't in a hurry and glad we waited because we enjoyed our meal.Coops Taste Plate is all I have to say!!  Or just get real with it and get all friend chicken!  BEST FRIED CHICKEN EVER!!!  This place was an awesome divey bar with good food in the french quarter and I will definitely be back when I come to town!Absolutely my favourite meal during my trip in NOLA. There was a long line outside Coop's, but luckily being a small table of two, we got seated within 10 minutes. Casual and loud, there's not a hint of pretentiousness here - just good food and good people! I got excited looking at the unique menu - and immediately knew I had to have some jambalaya with house-made tasso and rabbit (I'm getting hungry just thinking about it). We also had some gumbo, shrimp creole, frog legs, red beans and rice, and fried chicken (very well spiced and not overly breaded - some of the best I've had!) The service was great.I highly recommend stopping in at Coop's if you're in NOLA for a casual bite!This place was okay, but I really was NOT impressed by their supreme jambalaya.  I don't know if it was just that batch, but it was definitely burned!  The rice was way overcooked too.  My friend and I shared it and really only picked out the pieces of meat and seafood and left the rice.  The gumbo on the other hand was so much better.  The flavor was great and the texture of the rice was perfect.  It was a bit fishy tasting, but I don't necessarily mind that.Residing in the French Quarter means that automatically there will be tourists.  However, this restaurant/bar (and yes, it is a bar so NO children!) is a little out of the way on Decatur St., so you just might find respite from the crowds.I'm guessing that my experience with the Jambalaya may have been a fluke, since I just looked and everyone is raving about it.  I suppose it's down to luck!I came here because my friend recommended it and raved about the rabbit jambalaya. The place has a quaint feeling to it, even though it's a bar. One complaint was that the place was freezing. I wished they had turned up the heat during one of the coldest winters in New Orleans.The restaurant has one of the cutest cats. As soon as we sat down, the cat came to us and feel asleep on my lapFood:- Rabbit jambalaya - wish it had bigger chunks of meet, thoroughly enjoyed the green peppers in it- Crawfish etouffle: ehhhh, tasted like a bunch of seafood over rice- Seafood gumbo: ehhhh, tasted like the etouffle but not as watery and spicier- Fried calm appetizer: YUM! tasted fresh despite being friedService was fast but not the friendliestWhile in New Orleans this past weekend, my wife proposed that we take one of the many ghost tours offered to us silly tourists. And after the very melodramatic history lesson of the weirdness that seems to cling to the region, we asked our guide for a good place to eat to experience some of the best NOLA had to give. As a result of her very first suggestion, we found ourselves at Coop's. At this point in our multiple days in the French Quarter, we weren't surprised that the place ended up being essentially a dive bar; in fact, we had learned by then to not judge a book by its cover when it came to finding good food in Vieux Carré. And once again we were spot on - Coop's was a good choice for some good ol', authentic Cajun/Creole food w/ no pretenses.Walking in, the place is tiny, with the bar taking up almost all of the available dining space. A pool table lines the back wall, and a couple of tables the side wall, leaving just enough walking space for the food run. The atmosphere is reminiscent of a dirty "Cheers", with the regulars enjoying a brew or four and filling the place with laughs w/ the help of the bartenders/waiters. And in the middle of it all you can't help but feel completely in your element. +1As far as the food goes, you might expect to be limited to mozzarella sticks, hot wings and the like in a place like Coop's. But imagine your surprise when you see the menu (at all, for that matter - lol), and notice the Cajun Chicken and Rabbit & Chicken Jambalaya among the several full dishes available. And imagine your amazement at the fact that they're both friggin' fantastic as you lick your fingers and wonder why the plate isn't any bigger. (And this would be the reason for my 4 of 5 stars - somewhat small portions for the price.)  +1 for awesome food; +2 if they build a teleporter and can get me there and back in minutes to do take-out.So Coop's - totally worth it. It's off the beaten path, which is kinda nice when you find yourself surrounded by the inebriated on and closely surrounding Bourbon. And the food is sure to satisfy the Cajun cravings of the non-Cajun. :)The best meal I had in new Orleans,. Ordered almost everything on the menu!My favorite dish was the crab stuff jalepeno poppers, fried chicken, seafood jambalaya and The fried seafood platter!!!I haven't found a place in San Francisco that serves crab stuffed jalepeno poppers,. They were so delicious, I'm still drooling over it!The seafood jambalaya was so moist and full of flavor,. I can still taste it in my mouth,,, every bite I took, I can taste either shrimp chunks or crawfish chunks,.. Yum!A thin, crispy, mouth full of spices,. Cajun fried chicken,. I like chicken for it's crispy skin and not really for the meat,. But the chicken was moist and not over cooked! I didn't really like the jambalaya that came with the chicken because it tasted like it has been sitting around for awhile. I did like the coleslaw it came with ;)The seafood platter came with,, baby crab claws,. Chunks of crab meat already cracked open for you to eat,. Battered shrimp and soggy fries?! Not a big fan of the soggy fries and the big piece of fish that came with it,. But loved everything else!Of couse,. With a shot of hennessy on the side,. Made this the best meal I had in new Orleans! Will be bacK and def recommend this placeAgain, another place I was psyched to eat at and just disappointed.  First, they were out of EVERYTHING - the waiter: "no fried chicken and no pasta dishes, so... what do you want". I guess we'll get the jambalaya.  Kind of bland jambalaya came out. My bf ate half of it.  My bf eats EVERYTHING.Sad.Short & sweet: Service: 2Food: 4Wait time: 3Price: 4Cleanliness of bathroom: n/aHello New Orleans. You were hot and muggy. I sweat a lot. I also ate a ton and came back (much) heavier... which was the point, anyway. Dinner at Coop's Place was a spontaneous decision. We had walked to another restaurant recommended in my handy-dandy "New Orleans FOR DUMMIES" and lo behold, we'd forgotten to make sure that the place was open. That restaurant is apparently a breakfast-brunch place, but we did get quite an exercise walking from Canal Street (stop: Elk Pl) and went alllllll the way to Esplanade. Anyway. We were tired and hungry. And hot. And hungry. So we yelped and found this little place. Now, my food opinions are based on taste as I know next to nothing about Southern cuisine. The rabbit and sausage jambalaya was okay. I didn't like the rabbit, which I thought was sort of the point of the dish. The fried platter of fried crab, oysters, and shrimp: delicious, but that may be because I love fried food. One of my "MUST HAVE DRINKS" was the Sazerac - rye whiskey and some nasty licorice tasting stuff.. Now I can say that I've had it, but can't say I've found the reason why it's so adored. The service was pretty bad. It was a Sunday night and it wasn't so busy when we stepped inside. We found ourselves seats... and waited. Maybe I felt the server's absence more keenly as I was thirsty as hell and wanted some water, but we waited a good ten minutes before a random waiter noticed we were sitting... looking pretty and... without ...anything. We finally ordered (in his defense, he did tell me the Sazerac was gross stuff) and then, notified us that he lost our order a good fifteen minutes after the ordering. So then we waited longer. Hmm.. Food was all right - nothing delicious (perhaps we should have gone with the fried chicken..) and the service was... well, we got our food in the end. And some water, too.Few things in life beat incredible fried chicken. And as far as fried chicken purveyors go, Coop's Place is among the outstanding.My husband and I had hoped to try a muffaletta at Central Grocery a few weekends ago, but after watching 20 people enter the storefront in a six or seven second span, we simultaneously and silently began to make alternate plans. Then I remembered the words of a sage high school friend, "Make sure you don't miss Coop's!" Well, I'm glad I remembered. We ventured another block in the August heat and were almost deterred by the line outside. But as is often the case, we waited no more than two or three minutes for a table. Sometimes it pays to be in a party of two!I ordered the seafood gumbo to start and my husband got the crabmeat stuffed jalapeno poppers. While he "won" that round, I must say, my bowl of gumbo was quite good.We both got the Cajun fried chicken for our entrees which came with a cup of the rabbit and sausage jambalaya and cole slaw. The fried chicken was spicy, crispy, juicy and just plain phenomenal, really. The jambalaya was awesome as well, and perhaps the best I've had in the area. I still can't get over how amazing these two items were. I could eat them both for days and days. The cole slaw was nice as well - not too much mayo or oil - and it delightfully cooled the palette.As enumerated by the other reviews, Coop's is about as divey as it gets, in attitude and decor. Even so, we had great service.The only thing missing from here was sweet tea, fried chicken's most wonderful companion. But with the extensive Abita selection available instead, I really can't complain.I've been here on two different trips to Nola when I needed a laid-back oasis away from the tourist trappiness of Decatur...if you find yourself in the same situation, seek cool, dark, air-conditioned solace at Coop's!The rabbit and sausage jambalaya is where it's at!!  Gumbo was so-so and a bit too watery for my taste.  My future bro-in-law's fried chicken was pretty good, but I'm sure there's better in Nola  (somehow, I never get to fried chicken while visiting!)  Service is no frills, prices are totes reasonable.I'm sure I'll find myself back here again, so I'll have to update with details on other menu items..Meh! I've experienced better! I don't know what all the rave about this place is. Yeah the chicken wings are pretty tasty but everything else from the red beans and rice to the jambalaya was way sub par. We ordered the sampler hoping to get food that tasted better than the place looked it could offer, but were greatly disappointed. My jambalaya was burnt and tasted as if someone had dropped a cigarette in it. The gumbo was gross. For some reason the meat tasted spoiled. The red beans and rice were definitely pre-made and had been sitting for two long, not to mention it did not taste like much anything. I know this is NOLA but this place is so shady with it's dark tones and interior. I was wearing shorts on my visit and really did not feel comfortable sitting on the dark benches where who knows what had been seated. I did not have the guts to check out the bathrooms, but I heard they were a no-go.Coop's Place restored my faith in humanity. At least in mankind's ability to make great food. Coop's is a hole in the wall bar. They do have a pool table and a pretty happenin' jukebox full of Chili Peppers, War, and Del Tha Funkee Homosapien songs so you can get funky with it while you eat.My buddy and I went here and split the Coop's Taste Plate with an extra side of Gumbo. It was delicious and just the right ammount of food for two people. The Red Beans & Rice with Sausage was tasty. The Rabbit & Sausage Jambalaya was delectable. Who knew rabbit was so good? The Seafood Gumbo was also great. Definitely good enough to get a big order of it for your meal. The Fried Chicken was....well Fried Chicken. It was good but I'm hard to impress since my fried chicken is so freakin' good. The next time, in addition to the taste plate, we got the Creole Green Beans with bacon sauce and the Fried Mushrooms with Horseradish. They were really really good! I almost wish I stayed on the cruise ship longer (I played in a jazz trio on a Carnival ship for a minute) so I could have tried more of this menu.After being trapped in the worst tourist trapped that is Burboun Street, we lucked out by finding this place not too far from the French Quarter. It's sort of divey, but don't be afraid. Their kitchen knows how to work it.I had the seafood pasta and can only remember one of the other dishes: Coop's Taste Plate, which included rabbit and a lot of other things I don't/won't eat. She loved it. We all enjoyed our food and the environment is real chill.Now these people know how to make a masterpiece. Jambalaya stuffed with crawdads, rabbit and sausage? Yes. The rice was reddened, as it should be, the spice was so beautifully presented, my mouth ached in pleasure.I close my eyes and reminisce, the jambalaya brought me into my grandmother's kitchen when I visited for the family reunion. It reminded me of the round women sittin' around shelling crawdads, stewing rice, the heavily accented natives of Louisiana; creole..Just beautiful.I waited a while in line to get in. It's pretty busy (it was a Thursday during spring break) but my food was great when we got it. We sampled all kinds of things so that was good. The sampler and the fried seafood sampler were great. My boyfriend loves the fried chicken. Since it was so busy it took forever to order and to get the check. It you have lots of time come here. No complaints about the food.My favorite place to eat on Decatur! First thing to note: *Fast service - not overly friendly but not rude either. Sometimes I kinda enjoy this. Plus, whatever gets the food in my mouth faster is a win by me.*It's a small place for such a popular restaurant. Try to get here early to beat the lunch/dinner rushThe food:*Cajun Fried Chicken: Served piping hot and in huge portions! We got the white meat and got a wing and two large breasts. The outside is perfectly seasoned and fried. My friend and I couldn't get enough! *Sausage Jambalaya: Definitely a must-try. Huge portion and good to the last bite. The drinks: *Mint Joulep: Mannnn these drinks are poured stiff. Still, very refreshing and you can count on getting your money's worth!Give it a try. This place is tasty!!Quick tip: portions are huge so if you don't have a great big appetite, try splitting with a friend!If high blood pressure, high cholesterol, and calorie counts were never a worry in my life, I would eat here every single day. A plate of fried chicken (one of the best I've ever had), bottle of Abita's Purple Haze, Jambalaya, and Gumbo was simply amazing. The service was very friendly and fast. The wait outside did kind of suck but when you consider the goodness that is served when you're actually inside, it's certainly worth the wait!This little place is a diamond in the rough. Fried chicken is not something I seek out while on the road but WOW! The fried chicken here is one of the best I've ever had. You have not lived until you've have had rabbit and sausage jambalaya. I thought this would be just another jambalaya but this stuff is delicious. Get the sampler plate and enjoy yourself!Sorry.  I hope the kitchen was having a bad day.I made the mistake of taking my brother and wife here one day when we were desperate for something to eat, and on a recommendation from a tourist who loved their fried chicken.  Turns out we should have ordered the fried chicken, because what we did have was awful.  The gumbo had no flavor, the jambalaya was just full of white pepper, and everything just had a a layer of grease on it.I was mostly upset because this is the kind of place that tourists go and end up wondering why everyone loves the food down here.  It's one of those places that give cajun/creole food a bad name.  I tried to explain this to my brother and they were with me.  Maybe the kitchen was having a bad day.  Maybe I should've had the chicken.used to be a pretty decent place to eat for locals, however that was a few years ago. Since the touristas have discovered it, the place has pretty much gone downhill. The service is surlier than ever, worse than before (but they can get away with it with lines out the door). Biggest problem is that it really is a restaurant now much more than a bar, but they run it as if it were a bar that also serves food. there are never enough servers, bartenders or staff. The place is filthy dirty, bathrooms especially dirty. the food is often delivered by persons of very questionable cleanliness. And enough with serving drinks in the ridiculous soft plastic "go" cups!Overall be a restaurant or be a bar, but be one and do it well!Prepare to be discriminated against if you're Asian-- yea, you read that correctly.Me and my wife were in town for NYE visiting from California along with two other couples and stopped by here because of all the rave reviews.The place was packed.  Everything seemed normal at first.  We placed our order with the server, Cary (his name was on the receipt-- he's the dude with a beanie and a pathetic Billy Goat goatee/beard).  Like many servers, Cary didn't write anything down, and memorized our order.  This is an impressive technique which many servers have mastered.  Unfortunately it requires a certain level of mental capacity in order to pull it off, and our friend Cary certainly demonstrated that he did not possess this mental capacity.We put in 3 orders of fried chicken; 2 orders-dark meat, and 1-order white, along with some Jambalaya and a salad to share.About 20 minutes went by, and we noticed the table beside us (a group of 4 Caucasians in their mid 20's) get their fried chicken before us.  Now this wouldn't be a big deal except for the fact that they were seated 10 minutes after us.We're really not the type to pull the race card, or jump to conclusions, so we didn't say anything and gave Cary the benefit of the doubt.  Another 10 minutes go by, and then the Caucasian couple beside us (who came in a few minutes after the group mentioned above) receive their fried chicken too.At this point, we're confused more than anything.  Did Cary forget to put in our order?  Seeing that it would take a while to get our food, we decided to put in an additional order of fried chicken because we didn't think we ordered enough food.  My Buddy waves Cary down and politely asks him about our existing order and requests an additional dark meat order of chicken.  Cary responds that he'll check on our order.Finally Cary returns another 10 minutes later with our chicken.  He brings us two plates of white meat chicken and one dark meat.  We noticed it right away and brought it to his attention that we had ordered 2 darks, and one white.  This Hot Shot insists that we put in 3 orders of white and 1 dark meat.  This was ridiculous since everyone at our table preferred dark meat, and the white meat order was for me.Instead of admitting his mistake, Cary makes up the most ridiculous policy I've ever heard.  He said: "At this time, we can't take anymore dark or white meat orders.  You just get what you get."  WTF is that??I haven't been here before, but again, I proceed to give this incompetent idiot the benefit of the doubt, and accept the wrong order.  We begin fuming when minutes later we overhear him and another waitress take other people's orders of DARK MEAT chicken without issue or mention of any so-called 'chicken-policy.'Whatever.  We were over it.  Finally we asked him for extra plates since we were sharing.  This @sshole replies with: "let me see if we have any clean plates in the back."This Dimwit returns a minute later and tells us: "Sorry, we're all out of clean plates."Are you F-ing kidding me?  I've NEVER heard any server say that before in my life.  Keep in mind this is at 10pm....not minutes before closing!!We were totally OVER this place.  We weren't going to come back anyways, so it was pointless to make a big deal out of it.  We decided we weren't going to leave a tip.  When the bill comes, of course they charged us mandatory gratuity-- how convenient.We took the high road and simply pay the bill and leave.  I decided the only justice I could do was warn future Asian patrons of this blatant discrimination on Yelp.  Oh, and the chicken?  It was terrible.  KFC is much better.  It was so salty that we ended up drinking several bottles of water each to dilute all the salt throughout the evening.  Odd, that we would hate the chicken so much considering everyone else on Yelp raves about it.  But then again, we did receive our order much later than the Caucasians.  Perhaps the fine folks at Coops Place needed some extra time to prepare our 'special' batch.Fortunately this experience did not ruin our trip to New Orleans.  We went on to Cochon, Cochon Butcher, Luke Restaurant, Jacques-Imos Cafe, and Drago's during our trip and had excellent food, and experienced true Southern Hospitality everywhere else we went.Come to Coop's Place at your own risk, but don't say you weren't warned-- just be sure to bring your Caucasian friend with you.$14 fried oyster was bland had less than 5 pieces so not worth it...seafood gumbo was also not good...jambalaya was decent. I recommend going there when it not busy.This place is so dingy I didn't think I could eat the food that was going to come out of that kitchen. I can tell you that I am extremely glad I did.Best seafood gumbo and jambalaya I have ever had. Don't mess around with the shrimp creole or the red beans and rice. The jambalaya is the way to go.Coops is the JAM!Perfectly crisp and flavorful deep fried chicken.  Shrimp creole is so so.  Jambalaya was tasty and we loved the red beans w/ rice + charred sausage.  STAY THE HECK AWAY FROM THAT RESTROOM.First thing you should know is that you seat yourself!I shared the Coop's Taste Plate: A cup of Seafood Gumbo, Shrimp Creole, Cajun Fried Chicken, Red Beans & Rice with Sausage, and Rabbit & Sausage Jambalaya. Everything was delicious (esp. the jambalaya) for $13. The red beans & rice was okay - wasn't the best I had, but not the worst.The interior is kind of grungy but it gives you that hole in the wall feel.Coop's Place - take a beer (or other beverage), wait in line, talk to your fellow line waiters, figure out what you might want to order, but you might change your mind numerous times.  Keep talking - sometimes the wait can be long - but it is WORTH IT!Gregg M and I went here on a recommendation (always ask the locals!).  He said there may be a line, but it would be as well worth the wait.  He was right.  As we were waiting in line, Gregg pretty much decided what he wanted right away (Jambalaya and gumbo and I'll let him regale you with how much he liked it).  I ordered a standard Red Beans and Rice with smoked sausage, and I also ordered the Green Beans in a bacon sauce. When my plate arrived, it had a very large helping of red beans and rice with a large sausage split down the middle and grilled on either side of the plate.  It was all delicious - especially the sausage!  I did take some of Gregg M's gumbo - delicious and chock full of meat!Unfortunately I never got my green beans - so service was a little on the lacking side, but the food...the food was easily 5-stars.  I would go back again, and again, and again.I'd been here years ago, late night, with guy friends who wanted to get food....on our last night in NOLA for our Labor Day trip, we'd tried many expensive restaurants (even by NYC standards), and wanted something cheap and casual - Coops was nearby where we were staying, and seemed to have great yelp reviews.  Now I knew this place was extremely dive-y, so that wasn't my primary issue.We sat down at some tiny table (as they were getting full), and our waitress was very no BS, no time to be remotely polite, etc.  I'd asked her which was more food, the pasta or the burger - and she replied pasta (I'd assume as the burger was 1/2 lbs and came with fries, she said this based upon the price of the burger vs. pasta).  We also ordered the fried mushrooms and cheese fries - although as we didn't specify basket or side, they gave us the smaller option. Having had many a cheese fry when I lived down here, I would say these weren't too great.  The mushrooms were actually pretty good, and my boyfriend enjoyed the sampler dish he got as his entree.  Unfortunately, that was the extent of the positives, as they brought our entrees almost immediately after our appetizers.  Needless to say, this did not all fit on our tiny table.  The kitchen dude was all "oh well make it fit" and basically put things on top of each other.  Due to the length of time it took to bring our apps, I figured they'd be pulling this.  My boyfriend legitimately tried to put his entree plate on the floor under the table, as there was no space, and to prove a point (I wouldn't let him). Either way, when we made it clear we did not want to be sitting with our plates in our laps due to the full table and rude timing, they were not having it. My pasta was not large by any means (hence why I assume it was due to the higher cost than the burger), and almost soup with some noodles in it.  The sauce was good, but I'd have preferred less soupy sauce, and more noodles, as the plate was half full of liquid when I was done with the pasta.  She also said she wouldn't take two cards so we had to put it on one (I've been a waitress; splitting it in any manner is not that difficult.  In fact, unless they have a very outdated system, the computer does the math for you.  Even if it doesnt/they have no computerized system (which is hard to believe if they can take ccs), divide by 2 isn't too tricky.)  She was also fairly MIA as our waters were empty the majority of the time.Were my entree better, I'd be willing to look past the atrocious service, but unfortunately as I feel she made her recommendation for cost alone rather than any relevance to my questions, I wouldn't come back.  That and this weirdo sitting diagonally from us who looked suicidal sitting with her boyfriend was staring at me my entire meal, looking as though she wanted to kill herself, and not in any way conversing with her table mate.  Creepy, and made me want to get out of there that much faster.To this day, I still reminisce of the rabbit jamalaya that I scarfed down at that dim-lit bar stool at Coops. Why the bar-stool, you ask? Because that was the only seat available. After waiting 2 hours in line outside in the heat of the summer - no big deal. Believe it or not, it took me about 5 restaurants to finally find a good jambalaya in Nawlins. And I'm sad to say that I yet to find a good down-home gumbo. But I digress..Rabbit Jambalaya was my favorite. Juicy, succulent rabbit (although I could have gotten a little more meat), chewy tasty rice, and need I say more? Fried Chicken and Read Beans & Rice - chicken was tasty but a bit dry. Also tried one of their seafood pastas - tasty but heavy. I was skeptical after the long wait - but I'd say it was worth it. Plus, you can always count on interesting people for you to watch on the streets of Nawlins.Food: 5/5Service: 4/5Cleanliness: 2/5Decor & Style: 3/5Man o Man, the Jumbalaya Supreme was phenomenal! It was our last meal in NoLa before the drive back to Houston. I had to get another order to go on the road! Much i say anything else?3.5 stars. Came in around 8pm on a Tuesday night. Waited for about 20 minutes. Luckily a street performer with a lovely voice came around and sang some Sam Cooke.Food: Not a fan of fried chicken (I know, sorry) I opted for the shrimp salad with green goddess dressing per the waiter's recommendation. The salad was filled to the brim and full of fresh and yummy ingredients. My dad ordered the fried chicken and he really seemed to enjoy it - he said it wasn't too greasy and the flavor was on point. My mom ordered the seafood gumbo and she didn't enjoy it much - from the looks of it there was a ton of liquid and a few morsels of seafood hiding in it. Service: After reading all of the reviews I was expecting crap service, but our waiter was helpful, patient, and nice to us. So I guess come in with low expectations on this end and maybe your experience will turn out better, haha.You will enjoy this place as long as you take it for what it is - a noisy bar that happens to serve above average bar food.When I visit a new city, I want to try as many places as possible. Therefore, I make a rule for myself to not go to the same place twice. I HAD to make an exception for Coop's. Why? Best Fried Chicken EVAR . I have never been a fan of fried chicken. I've always thought it was greasy and gross and when my family ordered fried chicken as take-out, I would mumble and grumble to no end. I like chicken, and I like fried food in general (who doesn't?), but together? Nope. But enter Coop's fried chicken and I was a changed woman. Plain and simple, Coop's fried chicken is awesome. It's not too crispy (as Church's chicken happens to be), beautifully browned, and perfectly spiced. And the perfect amount of greasy without being offensive. Yes, I realize how weird that sentence is. ANYWAYS, I got the taste plate during my first visit at Coop's, which includes one piece of fried chicken, and I knew I would have to go back for more. And I did. This place is also a bar. So it was incredibly nice to have a nightcap and some fried chicken late at night after Bourbon-ing it up.I've been going to Coop's place for years.  Why?  Because it's the best food in the quarter.  I personally think their jambalaya is the best in the city. The Chicken Tchopitoulas  is simply orgasmic,  and if I'm in the mood for something a little lighter, I go for the smoked duck casadia.  I have many vegetarian friends that are partial to their veggie burger.    As a street performer, I'm constantly asked "where's a good place to eat?" - If I like them, I send them to Coops Place.  (feel free to ask me where I send them if I don't like them)I love recommending Coops to visitors, and I come here every time I'm in town.  The food seems super authentic and delicious every time.  I almost always have the rabbit and sausage gumbo, and recently tried the duck quesadillas - strange and yummy!  Lots of people at our table tried the "Taste of" platter, and got a little of everything.  We were all happy!  The restaurant is small - if you have a big group or come on a busy night, you might have a bit of a wait.  However, if you order at the bar you can take your food to go and sit elsewhere in the Quarter.It is said that this place was an old Bob Dylan hangout, but that's not the reason to come here. Come here for the food and drink!coopsplace.net adding the website helps too.I've never considered myself much of a rabbit person, but the Jambalaya made with rabbit and smoked sausage here is F'n unbelievable. I've visited New Orleans 3 times. After I found this gem I try to eat here twice on every trip.Splurge a little and order the Jambalaya Supreme. They add in shrimp and tasso (cajun ham). The smoked duck quesadilla was pretty good too. I"m getting soooo hungry just writing about this place.PS...They also pour a mean drink here.You only need to know 1 thing about this place. Rabbit and sausage jambalaya. Wow. I had never tried rabbit and it tasted like chicken to me. This was the best jambalaya I have ever had and the cup was FILLING, i should not have ordered a sanwich too....but I did bc I was on vacay. Bloody Mary my friend had came with pickled green beans ( love) and the fried shrimp and crawfish poboy was huge and perfectly fried. I loved the small casual atmosphere of the place and the fact they allow dogs in, but I did not love that they would only accept 1 credit card. Fail. Jambalaya, I will see you in my dreams....nom nom nom.If you're expecting impeccable service with a smile, the cleanest of restaurants, and the fanciest of establishments, THIS PLACE IS NOT FOR YOU. Trust me. However, if you're in the mood for sold and delicious food, put Coops on your list. The food here is AMAZING. Delicious fried oyster po boys, amazing jambalaya. Great sazaracs. Came here with the bf and he was beyond pleased as was I regarding the edibles here. Definitely enough to balance out the whatever service and the rough-around-the-edges factor.Can't wait to make it back when I'm playing the tourist card and lounging around the Quarter.The drinks were solid.The fried mushroom appetizer was amazing.The house dressings for the dinner salads were out of this world!The waitress recommended a Redfish dish to myself and my eating partner that wasn't quite as awesome as we were hoping.I think I'll be giving it another shot next time I'm in town because so many speak so highly of it but the final bite didn't deliver the wow factor so I'm only giving it 3 stars for now.Coop's serves what is arguably the best jambalaya in New Orleans...Coop's is beautifully situated, equitably priced, well managed and freakin' delicious...A great place to visit while in Louisiana...I've been going to coop's for 10 years.  Not a regular, but I love it. My mother actually found it in a tourist guide on her first trip here and I definately brave the quarter crowds whenever a visitor says they want something "new orleans".I love the dive bar field and I feel like it's honest to the dive bar mentality of plenty of us locals while still serving up some of the most flavorful and varied "classic" dishes.I've enjoyed everything I've had there in all these years and I rave over the green goddess dressing and happily share my plate if anyone wnats a taste.My stepfather would have my mother bring home some jambalaya supreme every time she came into town.  The servers would happily prep it to go for the flight.I've been twice in the past month with different visitors and really have enjoyed the chicken tchop both times.  The sauce is flavorful and much lighter than it looks could be bpossible.  The tasso is fresh and the chicken wellcooked.  And the green beans are fantastic.I love their cream sauce on the creamavera (just like my mother used to make) and the alfredo (just like gandma).  And the blackened redfish is my favorite in the city.It's always busy so be prepared to eat at the bar or wait a few minutes.  Don't try to go in with kids, they stick to that 21 and over.  The staff is really nice if you're nice to them and the prices are decent.  And the bar is well stocked.  I stay away from taking a crowd here since there's always already one here.Coop's is hands down the best reasonably priced Cajun food restaurant in New Orleans. I've eaten there countless times in the last 6 years and have never been disappointed.Situated in the lower Decatur street area it is a little ways away from the most intense tourist traffic and is generally a solid mix of locals and tourists. The atmosphere is casual and charmingly scruffy but certainly clean enough. Tables are made of wood and the lighting is pleasingly on the dim side. The staff, many of whom have worked there for many years, serve you with a great classically New Orleans friendly, but slightly gruff attitude. I never wait for a beer, my water glass is always full, and if I decide to veer from the half dozen things I usually order the staff always has great and honest suggestions.The food is phenomenal and for the price is it ridiculously amazing. My favorite dishes are the perfectly spicy and smokey crawfish and tasso pasta and the glorious combination of super delicious goodness, the pasta Opelousas. The fried oysters are always cooked to perfection and the duck quesadillas offer a wonderful sweet-spicy unique flavor.  If ordering the jambalaya be sure to get it "supreme" style. If you are open to getting something more pricey, the Redfish Meuniere is mind blowing. My favorite times to come are weekday evenings, but it understandably can get crowded on weekends and festival times so be ready to wait a while if you show up at peak moments. Waiting is outside and in line so come with your easy going attitude if it's crowded. To my knowledge they do not take reservations. If you're just visiting town and might not make it to Coop's at all if you don't wait, do wait. It's worth it.Great atmosphere. Shared tables. Great fried chicken. And perfect bloody mary's. this was our first meal in new orleans and it didnt disappoint. the service is friendly yet surly. This may be the perfect dive bar.Coop's serves really delicious food.  I ate here on a Friday night and there was a short wait to be seated.  This restaurant is pretty small, not a lot of seating.  I had the pasta jambalaya and it was so incredibly flavorful!  This place also makes its own homemade salad dressings which are good as well.  This place looks a bit like a dive bar from the outside, very cozy dining atmosphere.  This was hands down was of my most delicious meals during my stay in Nola.Great service, worth the wait. Get the Jambalaya Supreme, some of the best jambalaya in the city. Laos had fries (good), fried chicken (spicy and very good), fried okra (good), many beers on tap (had the Abita Christmas Ale).Stop by here at least once every trip to New Orleans, always good. Had to tell other people about it.The worst restaurant I have been to in a very long time.  Food should not be on their menu, drinks are sufficient.   Dirty place, nasty attitudes from servers and the worst $95 spent on my entire trip.   This place needs to be bleached from top to bottom, and an entirely new staff to go along with the cleaning.  I will never go here, ever.I'm amazed about all the bad reviews this place gets. It seems that they must have really good and really bad days. The place was suggested to us by our concierge as we needed a place that was still open after 10.30 pm on a Sunday night. We loved it. The place doesn't strike you as a good restaurant, it looks more like a neighborhood dive for local hippies and bikers, but its fame brings in a lot of tourists, too.We had the duck quesadilla and it was pretty good. I had the gumbo with alligator meat and shrimp. It wasn't extra special, but I liked it. Our main dishes were very good, too, not fantastic, but very decent for a place like that. BUT, the place was open and it was cheap, so no complaints from me.When my friend suggested we grab a bite to eat at Coop's Place in the french quarter my mind was not prepared for both the ambiance and the food of this place.  You walk in and are immediately hit with a wide variety of smells of herbs, meats, and beer.  It's a smell one can only describe as "homey" and relaxing.  The restaurant itself is small under 20 tables (give or take) and lends itself naturally to consuming large portions of food and beer.  My favorite addition to the dining experience itself was the cat fast asleep in the old beveled glass window, not bothered by the sassy voices of the servers and the random belly laughs erupting from other patrons.I ordered the Red Beans and with Sausage.  I was blown away that the sausage portion of the meal was not chopped up and woven into the dish itself, but it was two large links that cradled the delicious rice mixture.  The food was reasonably priced and the service was quick, attentive, and had that southern Louisiana attitude (fun and sass).Its a great place to eat and relax, as well as use as an after-work happy hour joint, or hit up for a night of drinking.  All around great restaurant and bar, I'll always go back and visit Coop's when I'm in NOLA.The mint julep and mojito were strong and I liked it. Gumbo was pretty good and the Jambalaya Supreme was the best I've ever had. This is a dive with good food and character. We ate here earlyChicken and jambalya so good.Jambalaya.  Just order it.  And make it a deluxe (with tasso).You will be happy.This was our first meal / bar stop after driving 14 hours from Chicago! I'm torn on how many stars to give. We strolled in 11 deep into this small bar near the end of the kitchen hours. Let's just say the service is a bit sassy (as Mick T put it) at that time of night. Some first for me happened here however: 1. I discovered Abita amber (lager not ale ...yes) 2. Had my first official Saz cocktail. (Not a huge fan of the herbsaint, so I'll keep drinking my whiskey on the rocks).Once we got situated finding spots for 11 people was a bit tough. We got our drink on and perused the menu. We ordered some fried craw fish and the crab stuffed jalapenos. The jalapenos were excellent. The fried craw fish was nothing to ride home about. For my entree I ordered up the house specialty rabbit and sausage jambalaya. It was served lukewarm, but it didn't matter, I was starving and it tasted great.  Considering the circumstances, 11 of us, right before the kitchen closes, in the FQ, after a 14 hr drive, I'll give it a 4 stars. My friends probably wouldn't agree w/ my assessment. However, once we arrived, my blood pressure dropped 100 points (I was finally on vacation), so I hit my happy place. So don't go late at night w/ a large crowd and the experience should be more pleasurable.Prior to our girls weekend down south, I had a minor (ok, major) struggle with my daily food intake. It was the summer, we did book a hotel based off of the gorgeous pool pictures, and boobie flashing seems to be a trend in the big easy - I struggled day and night, thought about it, and re-thought about it - finally decided to pack a bikini and hope that i never have to use it in the three day weekend. Well, we didn't. But that's not really because I wasn't limiting my food intake enough prior to the trip, more like during the trip, I just couldn't stop eating. I mean, how could you resist the jambalaya at Coops? Yes, the strong odor and taste takes, oh, about 3 bites to get used to, but it's deliciousness is worth giving up that bikini bod for. It's obviously quite a hidden gem in the middle of tourist French Quarter - our concierge was actually surprised that we wanted to go there - declaring it one of the best they have to offer, and it was.The last day of NOLA we stopped by I think 4 places and this was one of them.  Recommended by a friend of mine which was a native of New Orleans, we had to see what all the fuss was about.  The inside has a bar-type atmosphere where you seat yourself at a table.  I love how they have a sampler of all their must try items.. Rabbit sausage jambalaya, chicken wings, red beans and rice, and gumbo.  The gumbo was a bit disappointing.  Rabbit jambalaya was good.. everything else was just okay.I am not sure why it has taken me so long to review one of my favorite eating establishments in Nola. Everything here is amazing! You will feel like a local as soon as you walk in the door. Fay & Kacey rock and our the best bartenders. The fried chicken & shrimp poboy are the best! Don't forget Coops homemade Green Godess dressing!I would give this 3.5. The fried chicken was juicy and fried perfectly. However, the sides weren't my cup of tea. The coleslaw was mayo based and I hate mayo. The jamabalya was mushy rice with andouille in it. It was way overcooked.  my husband loved his blackened fish.  $3.50 beers!  $4-5 glass of wineservice is... not warm and fuzzy.  you have to wait outside if there is a wait.   you are also on their webcam.This is the first place we stopped upon getting to New Orleans for Mardi Gras weekend. I was pretty hungry when we got there and the place was packed. Despite the influx of tourists (like us) for the weekend, it seemed like most of the people there were locals. I ordered the fried chicken with the rabbit jambalaya. I gotta say, I was a little hesitant to order cute, adorable, bunny-- but I'm glad I did. The jambalaya was perfectly spiced and the rabbit offered an interesting change-up to the typical Nawlins jambalaya. The fried chicken was ah-maz-ing. I mean really, New Orleans isn't exactly known for it's fried chicken but I had a hankering and couldn't be stopped. This fried chicken was perfect. Juicy, spiced just right, not-too-fried. Order it. Order it now.Service was friendly, the hurricanes were strong, and I left quite happy.It's a small space but we got there around 11:30 on the weekend and didn't have to wait for a table.  Don't waste your stomach or $5 on the gumbo - it's like a tiny cup of sea water.  But DO get the fried chicken and jambalaya, it might just change your life.  Ok, it may only change your waistline, but it's totally worth it.The fried chicken is HOT - both temperature and grab-me-a-cold-beer kind of spicy hot, and it's awesome.  I juggled my chicken breast from hand to hand while taking delicious mouthfuls, and it was the best circus act ever.  Their rabbit and sausage jambalaya is creamy and flavorful.  At first, the "rabbit" ingredient threw me off (they're cute, darn it!) but I soon forgot about Hazel as I snarfed him and his piggy brothers down.  Even the coleslaw deserves a mention for complementing the dual heat of chicken and jambalaya perfectly.  I can finally say I've tried some good Louisiana cooking.Back in NOLA again (2012), and could not resist yet another visit to Coop's. They have in my opinion "the best" Jambalaya. I ordered it and was completely satisfied. Not only is this a healthy portion of food but the taste and spice is unbeleivable. I also ordered a blackened chicken sandwich which was amazing folks. This was blackened and had a char-smoky taste with a crunch as I bit into it. Located on Decatur, this small place packs them in. The seating area is very tight with only a few available tables. Be prepared to stand in line but your patience will be rewarded. If there were any negatives about this place it would be that it is small and tight and hot inside. The a/c wasn't working and in the summer in NOLA you need that. The waitresses there are rude and sometimes forget they get paid in tips. I guess it doesn't matter to them as there are always patrons waiting to get inside to dine.As a local and a French quarter bartender, I was blown away by how rude the hostess and bartender were to me. I'll never return. They have a reputation for it, I should've know better!We tried the taste plate (splitting it as we planned to eat at lots of restaurants). We also tried 2 of the local Abita beers. The taste plate was good- seafood gumbo, shrimp creole, fried chicken, red beans/rice, rabbit sausage jambalaya. We were glad to try it, to try some cajun food, but I would say that it's not our favorite food style. The gumbo was probably the best of all of the dishes. Good place to try a sample of cajun food, and a convenient location.Total dive bar with some of the best eats in New Orleans. It's the kind of place that you'd expect to be swarming with thousands of tourists, but it's completely the opposite.Went on a Saturday night around 9 and had no wait - walked right in and sat at a table! Be prepared, though: the line can be huge.The food menu is pretty large and based on traditional New Orleans cuisine. I ordered a cup of the Red Beans and Rice and a bowl of the Rabbit and Sausage Jambalaya. I thought I was going to die - from either a heart attack, taste bud overload or the amount of food. Only order one entree, people! Unless you bring a friend who can eat as much as I can. As my profile says: I'm skinny fat. I can eat an entire pizza in a day and I still found it hard to eat everything.The staff is definitely on the low end of southern hospitality, but Coops will be on my list of to-dos every time I visit New Orleans!Well, the food was ok.Actually, the rice in the jambalaya was undercooked.  Otherwise, the food was ok.The service was some of the hands down worst I've had in my life.  If you'd like to have more than one beverage with dinner, go somewhere else.  Actually, if you'd like to eat your dinner with silverware, you may want to look elsewhere.Before I forget, the busboy was a real douche bag.Cool little place... Great food, kinda cajun with a pub twist. The service was good, cool people and seemed down to Earth.The Burger with Blue cheese was my pic while Lauren had the beans and we split the chicken...Red beans were good, nice seasoned flavor, fried chicken also good. The burger was cooked the way I like it "rare and nice and juicy". Definately a place I would go again... I tried it about 2 years ago and never remembered where it was and happened to pass right by it again w/Lauren while looking for a place to eat so I had to take her in.We washed it all down with a few Abita'sGood Stuff.A big THANK YOU to our cabbie for suggesting this place! About two weeks ago, on our last trip to Nola, we checked into our hotel and headed over to Coop's. My husband ordered their famous pork chop dish which came with a red beans and rice and the BEST GREEN BEANS I have ever had. Period. So good were they, I ordered an extra order for me. The pork chop was delicious, very well cooked (not too done, juicy) the duck quesadilla I ordered was beyond delicious! We sat at the bar and got great service - it was amusing to watch the bartender take shots of Jagermeister as she served everyone else! She was kind enough to spill the secret as to why the green beans tasted so damn good: bacon fat. Yes, she confirmed a sick truth once again to me: everything tastes better when cooked with lard...It was an unpretentious place with a varied menu and a full bar. You could tell it was more of a local haunt than a touristy kind of place. It gets 5 stars from me and I'll be sure to stop in again on our next trip to Nola.This will sound dumb, but it might have been the best salad I have ever had.  Simple blackened Shrimp Salad with homemade Green Goddess Dressing.  If they do everything as well as they do salad, the rest of the menu must be amazing.  Waitress was a little gruff, but it went with the style of the bar.  FYI, no one under 21 is allowed in this place.Coop's Place is a really solid bar on the Esplanade end of the French Quarter.  It is definitely worth it to take a walk down there and get dinner.  Coop's pretty laid back and low maintenance.  I wouldn't call it a dive, but it sure ain't fancy.  Drinks are out quick and the staff are friendly.  I started with the gumbo, and then had the Cajun pasta while I was there the other night.  The gumbo was solid, but pretty average gumbo for NOLA.  Also, it has big chunks of celery, okra, etc in it (which I'm not big on).  But nonetheless, it was good gumbo.  The Cajun pasta was excellent.  Lots of shrimp and crawfish tails, the artichoke hearts and mushrooms were well prepared and the tasso was amazing.  The menu says that they prepare their tasso on-site.  I believe it.  It was smokey, spicy and generally exceptional.  Finally the sauce that held it all together was wonderful.  The perfect blend of spicy and creamy.  It even held up pretty well when I re-heated it in the microwave the next day for lunch.... oh yeah... the portion was big enough for 2 solid meals.Anyhow, if you're in the quarter, run down to Coop's and have a meal.Don't tell anyone about this place once you've eaten there, it's busy enough as it easy. Great location in the quarter away from some of the seedy tourist places.  If you are looking for luxury this place isn't it.  It's the most wonderful kind of New Orleans vibe when you're in. Always good fun service and the wait staff is armed with playful banter if they are feeling cagey. Liquor and beers are great as is the food.  I might go out on a limb to say it's the best fried chicken I've ever had. Go for the jambalaya though, it's consistently good.**3.5 stars**We went to Coop's at 9pm on a Tuesday night, so we don't have much to say about the wait time that everyone else complained about. We walked right in and spoke to the rude hostess, who slapped two menus down on the table closest to the door after asking us rudely "bar or table?"My friend had the Cajun fried chicken, and I had the Coop's taste plate, which included seafood gumbo, a piece of Cajun fried chicken, shrimp creole, red beans and rice, and the rabbit and sausage jambalaya. The seafood gumbo was ok - lots of seafood in it (including a whole crab claw). The shrimp creole was very boring and bland. The red beans and rice was very good, the chicken was moist and flavorful (although my friend said she wished it was spicier), and the jambalaya was delicious. Ignore the rudeness of the hostess and get the jambalaya. You'll be happy!Really like this place. Service is sarcastic to people who don't obviously pass as surfers, tattoo parlour owners, or bikers. Or ask for Miller Light on tap. Who can blaim them? Ask for a turbo dog, that'll ease them up.But the food is superb. I'd recommend a cup or bowl of gumbo (try adding a drop or two -- or more -- of the habanero hot sauce) and their 2 piece chicken plate. You get this and 3 excellent Abita beers for under $25.It's a worn place, yes, but absolutely not filthy.Oh how I love Coops....let me count the ways.If you are visiting New Orleans you HAVE to go to Coops and order the crawfish etouffee. It was everything I wanted and more. This is a cute little dive joint with all the warmth and charm New Orleans has to offer.I understand this place is a French Quarter classic, but our experience was a bit hit and miss.Personally, I don't have a problem with dives, and this place fits the bill.  A lil hole in the wall on Decatur St. you'd walk by without a second thought if you didn't know what you were looking for.  Tip - The line forms outside the door.  There is no hostess stand and no instructions on the drill, so I asked the server how to get fed.Once seated and drink orders delivered, it took more than a few minutes for our world weary waitress to come back to take our orders: Red beans and rice w/ sausage, red beans and rice w/ fried chicken, fried shrimp, and lamb ribs appetizer.Our meals came out quickly - the app never appeared.  The red beans and rice were decent, but didn't live up to my expectations.  I must confess to having a high standard on this one.  The texture of the sausage was so soft, and it grossed me out.  I could only get down a few bites.My wife's fried chicken was wonderful.  It was so good, even her beans tasted better.  Clearly, the red beans and rice with fried chicken is go-to grub at this joint.  I'd come back for that.The fried shrimp was disappointing - had much better at a diner in New Iberia.  These were small shell off shrimp in a batter that was slightly gummy.Stick with what they do well, and you'll eat well.Coop's place reaches an almost un-heard of honor by being a place I went to TWICE while in town for a conference! I am always in search of novelty, so committing myself for 2/5 dinners at this place is a high accolade indeed. Want to know what hooked me?That creole fried chicken. The first night I tried to sampler platter which started off with delicious gumbo containing a wee-crab claw. Next is a platter containing portions of shrimp creole which was effing amazing, by the way, jambalaya with rabbit sausage, red beans and rice. But, nestled on top of these many delights was the piece d'resistance: a creole chicken wing. I'm normally not that into fried chicken, it's not that it isn't good but it is generally too rich for my blood (haha not in the cholesterol sense, but probably should be what I mean). Coop's was the most delicious piece of chicken I had ever tasted and I was hooked! Next night I returned and ordered a two piece chicken dinner and devoured both pieces. The service is good, the place is boisterous with minimal seating, the bathrooms are pretty hellish, the kitchen is in an open alley, but heavens is it tasty!Overall rating: 4 stars. Fried chicken rating: eleventy billion starsIf you want to be treated like a piece of garbage this is your place. Rude! Place full of angry workers that will make you feel like you're ruining their day for eating there. Plenty of other places in NOLA to go eat. Don't waste your time in this smelly, filthy-hole.I do NOT understand how this place has the Yelp rating it does. There's often a wait to enter the building even at "off" hours. It's very dark with little to no aesthetic appeal. The bathroom was disgusting and smelled like vomit (during lunch). I ordered their special plate meal that gives you a little of everything. I only ate the fried chicken, which tasted completely AMAZING and made me wish I had ordered an entire plate of it.I have never, ever left a restaurant with 90% of the food still on my plate, and then headed to a different place to eat.Great food, took Andrew C.'s advice and went with the sampling plate and I was very happy. Had the fried oysters as an app and they had a good breading with fresh oysters inside.One thing to mention is that this is a whole lot of food for the price. 3 of us had dinner for $75 w/2 rounds of beer. Worth the walk from Bourbon St. to enjoy.When you walk in and sit at the bar, look at the wall and you'll notice a camera.  Smile, because you're on their live webcam on their site.  I know this, because when I showed up here last night, one of my idiot friends who knew I was going to be there saw me on the cam and called the bar trying to buy me a beer....with paypal.....from California.  yelp.com/biz_photos/XnQ8…Anyway, Truman Show aspect aside, this is a kickass bar.  The bartenders are among some of the most entertaining I've come across (and I spend WAAAY more time in WAAAY more bars than I probably should), the beer selection is pretty good, and the jambalaya supreme is the best jambalaya I've ever had in my life.  Seriously, this is good enough to fly across the country to just get a bowl of.  If I lived anywhere in the area, I'd no doubt make this my local bar.  Just remember to smile when you're drinking, because you're on camera...Hadn't been in Coop's in over a decade and went with a group for lunch. Despite the crowd the service was personable & entertaining and our food was delivered promptly.  Everyone said their dishes (and cocktails) were good, even the duck quesadilla which I was REALLY skeptical about.Be prepared to wait and the service can be harried, but the food is solid.To ring in 2011 the right way, the girlfriend & I spent the week around New Year's Eve in New Orleans. During that short time, we discovered a historic city with long traditions of great music, outstanding food & continuing perseverance.Coop's Place was so recommended by so many people that the girlfriend & I knew we had to give it a try. Our 1st time walking by, it was packed & there was a very long line out the door. We weren't in the mood for waiting so we decided to come back later, but a long line is always a sign of good food, right?The next day, around 2 in the afternoon, the scene was the same. Oh well, what the Hell, we queued up for our chance to get "a true taste of New Orleans."* After standing around for 20 minutes, I decided to take a look inside while the girlfriend held our place in line.All the tables were full, but 1/2 the seats at the bar were empty. Food is served at the bar, so why the Hell are there open seats inside when there is a line outside? Whatever. I waved the girlfriend over & we sat.The bartender handed us menus & we both ordered a Bloody Mary to get things started. So, I guess the bartender here has a reputation for being anything from prickly to downright rude. Though I couldn't possibly describe her as a ray of sunshine, she was civil. She also pours a Bloody Mary with a very heavy hand. What we got was basically a bucket of vodka with a splash of all that other stuff. I likey the strong Bloody Mary.To try out a wider variety of the food at Coop's Place, the girlfriend & I both ordered Coop's Taste Plate. This is a 5 piece sampler dish, which we ended up waiting a long time for, with the breakdown as follows:+Seafood Gumbo - lots of okra, not so much seafood, decent if you really like okra+Cajun Fried Chicken - pretty good, but the girlfriend got a drumstick & all I got was 1 wing, really? how about at least a thigh?+Shrimp Creole - not much shrimp, not much flavor, not so good+Redbeans & Rice - a total disaster, redbeans were burnt, rice was undercooked & in a puddle of water+Rabbit & Sausage Jambalaya - very good, a highlight for sure, ample portion size & delicious flavorWhile we were eating, I noticed that some of the staff were also grabbing a quick bite. An insightful observation I made was that the staff only ate the Cajun Fried Chicken or Rabbit & Sausage Jambalaya. I'm certain it's not just coincidence that the staff only ate the 2 food items I thought were acceptable & didn't bother with the rest.After such a magnificent letdown with the food, I needed another drink. The bartender was, after all, better at making drinks than the cooks were at making food, so I ordered a sazerac. She served it up pretty quickly & it was good. At least I was ending my disappointing experience at Coop's Place on a good note. Though getting lunch at the much bally-hooed Coop's Place wasn't all absolutely bad, "Meh. I've experienced better" sums it all up nicely.*per coopsplace.netI went here over the thanksgiving holidays, and was promptly seated because there was just two of us, versus the 4 that still had to stand outside. my only complaint is that the place had a strange smell to it when i walked in. But I quickly acclimated to it. I ordered a cup of gumbo and a burger. It was all super yummy. The waiter was really nice and funny too. I would come back for the gumbo again.Two weeks ago, my UCLA friends & I traveled to New Orleans in search of some tasty Creole/Cajun food. The day before we left, we lunched at Coop's Place. You have to be 21 to enter, even if you just plan to eat. Since there were five of us, there was a bit of a wait. By the time we were finally seated, there was quite a line growing behind us. Three of us ordered the 3-piece fried chicken which comes with cole slaw atop of jambalaya while the other two ordered the sampler. A few of us ordered the local beers. I opted for the raspberry-flavored Purple Haze. When the waiter brought out our food, he ended up losing his grip on the tray and most of the food (along with broken plates) fell to the floor. I was only able to salvage two of the plates. The couple beside us, regulars, assured us that the wait staff would take care of us. They handled the situation wonderfully-- they apologized profusely, comped our drinks, & brought us extra food. Did I mention the fried chicken is amazing?I must admit that I felt a bit intimidated as I entered the restaurant/bar. The place was not something that I imagined.. Coops looks more like a dive bar than a restaurant.We had that 15 seconds awkward moment as we entered the and stood by the door waiting to get seated. The bartender finally noticed us and we were seated. We knew what we wanted to order so while waiting for the bartender to come back to take our orders.. I happened to notice the appearance of the place, the scary looking furnitures and he pirate-like waiters.. left me wonder.."hmmm am I on the set of Pirates of the Carribean?!" LOL.We ordered:1 Jambalaya Supreme1 Cajun Shrimp Pasta1 Cup of Gumbo1 order of fried chicken (breast)2 beerThe food took a while to come out...I knew that the reviews say the kitchen is pretty slow....but I started getting anxious when I noticed the three other tables that came after us got their food but we didn't get ours. The multiple signs on the walls such as "Be Nice or Be Starve" made me nervous to flag the bartender that never checked on us after he took our orders and delivered our beer.Finally the food arrived... we both were disappointed that the portions looked a tad small. Only the pasta and jambalaya arrived, so we asked "oh, how about the gumbo and fried chicken." The guy who delivered the food looked puzzled and said.."eeerr.. it's not in the order" ... the bartender then came and said "oh, yeah, totally my fault.. I forgot!" We were hungry but tried to eat slowly so that we didn't finish before the two other items came. The food was GREAT!!!! I'm saying this not because I'm afraid of them..but seriously... GREAT PASTA and JAMBALAYA!! yummm!!! although the portions are not huge, they were generous with the meat and seafood. love them so much!Finally the fried chicken and gumbo arrived..piping HOT yumm!! The gumbo was not as good as the one we had at Deanie's but the FRIED CHICKEN WAS SOOOOO GOOD!!! Popeye's WHO???!! The meat was juicy, not dry (it was a breast piece) and the chicken was well seasoned.. the outside and the bones are crunchy but the meat was not overcooked.. awesome!! the best part.. only $2 for a big piece of chicken breast!!! OMG!!One comment though.. unless you reeeeaaaaallllllllyyy have to, don't use their bathroom!Coop's Place serves okay to good food for reasonable prices and is definitely supported by locals that love it but I honestly don't have much reason to return.  The decor and attitude are pure dive bar and food was fine but certainly nothing was spectacular - worst of all was the service.  We started our meal by being informed that they weren't making sazeracs due to Jazz Fest and they also had no mint - basically saying anything on the "house specials" drink list was off the menu.  Okay...Next we ordered - the appetizers were hit or miss including a really soggy and tasteless duck quesadilla along with pretty good lamb ribs (which were helped immensely by the accompanying mint jelly) and okay deep fried "crab stuffed" jalapenos.  Next came the soup and salad for those of us who ordered entrees - the seafood gumbo was served without a spoon and the basic salad of greens (with nothing else) was served without dressing.  Only after the main course was served did we get salad dressing - and once again someone who ordered gumbo as their main meal had it served without a spoon.  Definitely tough to eat gumbo with a fork but that's apparently par for the course at Coop's.Overall, the taste of most dishes was fine - jambalaya was good (although still not as good as a decent cook can make at home), seafood gumbo was not exciting, and the meuniere sauce on my redfish was good but definitely not what I expect from a meuniere - it was fairly thick, seemed to have very little lemon, and had quite a bit of spice.  It was actually decent as a sauce but really needed more acid to cut all the richness.Coop's Place is worth trying for a cheap meal in NOLA , but if you're from out of town I would suggest many other places before this unless you're specifically looking for a cheap dive bar experience with attitude.I really liked everything we had a Coop's. This is definitely one of the top three places we went to (for me) in New Orleans. The only thing keeping it from five-stars is the service. It was not that pleasant. Going down the line...Rabbit and Sausage Jambalaya - The best I've had. I'm not the biggest jambalaya fan but this was really well done. Rice was not too mushy and there was a lot of meat and veggies to go around.Seafood Gumbo - Plenty of seafood and the shrimp was not overcooked. Very hearty. Had nice spiciness to it.Fried Chicken - AMAZING. None of it was dry. The breading was ridiculous crispy without being too thick. It was not overly salty and it even had a bit of cajun spice to it.Red Beans & Rice - Some of friends didn't like it but I loved it in its simplicity. Rice was fluffy, the beans were tender and had some good flavor. It was basically a compliment to the flavor explosion of the chicken.Cheers!I've gone to this place twice already. Once back in February of 2010 and now in August 2011. Both times were satisfying. I loved the food. It's a perfect representation of New Orleans spicy food. I had the rabbit and sausage jambalaya. It was delicious but so hearty I couldn't finish it. I was so sad too because my hotel room didn't have a microwave :( I couldn't eat the rest of it! All of my friends LOVED their food. Apparently the fried chicken was amazing.The second time around, they ID'd at the door. They didn't do that the first time and thankfully so, because I was 19 back then.I can't say that the service here is the best. The servers are kind of standoff-ish. I went with 8 other friends and they couldn't seat us together. We split into 5 and 4. This place seems pretty popular seeing as there was a line out the door. It didn't take too long to be seated though. You can tell that this place is strictly and in-and-out kind of place.I came for the jambalaya (didn't like their version, found it too mushy), but it was the red beans and rice, fried chicken and shrimp creole I loved. The sample platter also came with seafood gumbo it was a great way to taste it all. We enjoyed it so much we returned for lunch. M'mm the duck quesadillas were such a treat with a nice balance of sweet and heat. We had more red beans and rice, fried chicken and shrimp creole. All good eats. It was the highlight of our NOLA dining. Everything is well seasoned it's much appreciated.WOW!!!!!Eat great even late in The Quarter.After an 8:30 PM. vampire tour that ended after 10:30 PM. at Jackson Square, we walked a few short blocks to Coop's. A buddy of mine who is friends with JJ Gray of MOFRO told us that JJ's favorite places in New O are Jacques Imo's and Coop's. Jacques Imo's is excellent and we have been there several times so I agreed to check out Coop's expecting to be disappointed in relation to Jacques Imo's.As soon as we walked in I knew i would like it. The place was loud but not overwhelmingly so. We grabbed an open table and sat down. The waitress came over and informed us we can't just sit wherever we want. So we got up and followed her toward the bar where she grabbed menus and sat us down at the exact same table. It was pretty funny. Had to be there.The juke box was playing and the waitresses and bartenders were screaming back and forth at one another. I don't know if it is intentional but everyone who came in that night was "messed with" by the help. And no one seemed to mind. Fun place.There was three in our party and we tried a little bit of everything. As it was Monday, (traditional red beans and rice day) I had the fried chicken and RB&R. The read beans and rice were possibly the best I have ever had. There were small pieces of smokey anduille sausage and the beans were like extra creamy. The chicken was good too but the beans stole the show. When I asked our server what the secret was she just kinda laughed and walked away. Like a half hour later she walked by whispered "pork fat" in my ear. Love her.Mama had the Jambalaya with rabbit and sausage and G'Mama had a grilled salmon po-boy that was nearly as good as the RB&R. We had a few cocktails and were fixin to get when the sassy waitress came back hard selling Yager shots. I swear we said no at least once before we finally gave in. Fortunately or unfortunately the 77 year old in the group wasn't having any of the Yager. I hate to see things go to waste so..........Our plan was to walk G'mama back to her room and then hit Bourbon Street. Well, thanks to a couple very aggressive servers / bartenders, we never left the hotel again. Bottom line is, this is a very conveniently located 5 star joint with great prices, a kick ass staff, and an excellent Juke Box. WE WILL BE BACK!!!The crawfish etoufee was disappointing.The jambalaya with rabbit and sausage was awesome.The fried chicken was delicious.The gumbo was disappointing.The creamy cajun pasta was not good!Abita purple haze was good.Abita amber was good as well.One of the bartenders is super friendly. The owner is totally crabby. They are always busy and there's a long line out the door.Dive restaurant/bar filled with locals willing to wait in line outside in the rain on a Tuesday night. This is a good indicator. I bypassed the line and went for a seat at the bar. I'm glad I did because the table turnover is a bit slow because the food is so good.First off, best seafood gumbo I have tasted, EVER! The spice blend was very deep for a nice, slow burn and the roux was complex and rich without being a gut-bomb. The crab claws were a nice decorative touch, too. Second best fried chicken I have ever tasted. The best was in a little shop in north Virginia which is now closed.It's a bit off the regular tourist lanes which is just fine by me. Well worth taking the time to go to, though.Coop's Place was a small restaurant/bar that was pretty busy. We came just in time before a line started to form outside.  There were limited tables and seating at the bar.  The lighting was really dim and they had a menu on the wall.  Luckily, there were lights around the menu on the wall but I used the menus they gave us to order.I ordered the Pasta Jambalaya ($9.95) and a Woodchuck.  My food came out after 10 minutes and same with my friends' food.  The Pasta Jambalaya was good and I thought it looked better than what my friends ordered but that was just me.  It wasn't as spicy as I thought it would be but that was okay.  The portion was just enough to fill me up without getting a food coma.  Apparently, the couple next to us never seen someone take pictures of their food (aka me taking pictures of everybody's food with my DSLR camera) and they started laughing.  I was completely aware of them but that was fine since I had that happen before and worse.  Our waiter checked up on us a few times and refilled our cups of water.I thought this place was good and I'd recommend coming earlier; otherwise, be prepared to wait outside as there were limited tables inside and the line outside was a little long when we left.When I see a cat roaming around in a dark dingy restaurant I tend not to eat there, let alone stay for a drink. That's just gross. That being said we only saw the cat - AND his bedding - on the windowsill midway through our meal. Needless to say we didn't finish the food which was the quality of a mediocre microwavable tv dinner. Why is there a line out of the door? Because they are tourists who sadly don't know better. In 4 years, I've neither had the inclination nor has anyone I know suggested to step foot in that dump. There are sooooo many other options on that street. Do yourself a favor.Who ever would've thunk that one could find good food in a dive bar?  Coop's defies logic by not only being a greasy dive bar but also by serving some pretty damn good creole food.  My finacee and I wandered in for lunch and had ourselves quite a pleasant meal consisting of the following:- Crab Claws: I'm not sure what they're marinated in but it's pretty tasty.  Extra points for being able to suck the meat right off without having to go through the hassle of cracking the claws, etc.- Smoked Duck Quesadilla: It was a little on the small side but the duck meat was well seasoned and very tender.  - Coop's Taste Plate: A smorgasbord of all things Creole.  The whole comes with a cup of Seafood Gumbo, a fried chicken drumstick, Shrimp Creole, Rabbit and Sausage Jambalaya and Red Beans & Rice with Sausage.  Great way to try a little bit of everything and the food was all pretty good.Service was so so but it's a dive bar so we tempered our expectations accordingly.  Our server was very nice; he just seemed to be busy all the time.  Seating is very sparse and there were a few people who walked in and then walked right out because there was nowhere to sit.  But if you're looking for some good Creole food at a place that the locals would actually want to eat at, I'd suggest giving Coop's a try.The cooks smell of smoked meats and if that isn't for you, you wouldn't understand.  Obviously, highly recommended, we were excited about trying our new divey find.  There was one tiny table in the back corner by the couple making out like crazy.  This place is super dark and I love them for it.  We shared the Crawfish and Tasso pasta with spicy Alfredo sauce and I am so glad we did.  We needed a bar for our first meal there and nothing came even close.  Side note :  Tasso is pork butt and pork butt is from the gods.  It's pretty much the only thing I want to eat for the rest of my life.Wow, went to Coop's over the weekend on a vacation in New Orleans and this place was amazing genuine New Orleans cuisine.  We got the Gumbo, Pork Chop, Sausage, Crab Claws (1 dish deep fried, 1 dish italian) and Fried Chicken.Everything was really tasty especially the fried chicken.  But I know I will be dreaming of the crab claws till my next trip down the Big Easy.  I highly recommend people check this place out for the food itself.I went here off the recommendations from two friends and Yelp. I was not at all disappointed. I couldn't stop eating the food. i was full to the point of bursting, but i felt like it was so damn good that if you wasted any of it, it was a sin. I had the Gumbo with everything and my boyfriend had the Jambylaya. Both of us were "ummming" as we ate and it really really lived up to it's reputation.The place was laid back and the prices were great, as well.If you come to New Orleans and don't eat here every time you go, you are a fool.Go in here knowing what you are getting and you won't be disappointed. ..and  what you are getting is some of the best New Orleans local style food at great prices in a place that will never be confused with white tablecloth...or even any tablecloth. Service may be slow, and sometimes a tad gruffer than tourists are used too, but  luckily its a bar with a great jukebox, not the worst spot to wait for your food.Food is great. The fried chicken is one of the 2-3 best in the city and if you haven't tried fried shrimp and oysters, then try theirs, it  is as good as any. and better than most.  The combo platter with the jambalaya, red beans, fried chicken and gumbo is perfect for the taste of the city...the gumbo alone is worth a special mention as it does beat any tableclothed place around.If you are a small enough party, and there is room, sit at the bar...always a little more homey there. I can't comment on the entire menu, because although I've been there plenty of times over the years, I stick to what I know they do best; and if you want fried food, gumbo, or jambalaya, head here and enjoy.I'll never visit New Orleans without going to Coop's at least once.  They serve up great New Orleans cuisine at reasonable prices, and though other reviewers have knocked off a star or two for spotty service, I've never been anything but pleased with the staff.  The wait for a table can be brutal, though, especially during prime dinner hours.  Keep in mind the kitchen closes at midnight.You can't go wrong with their sampler plate.  It's got a little bit of everything.  Of course they serve a mean cocktail, especially if said cocktail is a sazerac.Go have yourself a good time at Coop's.  You'll be happy you did, trust me.Some of the best fried chicken you'd ever eat, and it's in the Quarter... imagine that.  Also, the duck and rabbit jambalaya is phenomenal.  Atmosphere is true old school French Quarter, and the food is not expensive.  But don't take my word for it...Best creole we had in NOLA.  Looks can be deceiving.My college roommate, a local, took us here for dinner.   We NEVER in 100 meals would have stopped into this place.  I am so glad we did.  Coming from New York almost everywhere is less expensive than home but this place really shocked us.  Under $40 for 3 of us.I'm not going to get into what to try etc etc here, the food seems like it's "can't miss" as long as you get something you are in the mood for.  This place is at the top of my list for "must try/return to" in New Orleans.Easy and Laid back are the best words to describe Coop's Place.Great beer selection, decent food that is served very late [at least for this part of the Quarter] and a friendly neighborhood vibe help to make this a spot you just want to hang in all night. Try the fried chicken over the Oyster Po BoyThe decor is a bit odd. The music is a bit eclectic. The staff is a bit surly. Great find in NOLA.Food 4Decor 3Service 4Other open late 5Outstanding - some of the best creole food we had on our trip to NOLA and also some of the least expensive!  Who knew!The ambience is...well it's a hole in the wall.  But they more than make up for it in revelry and amazing food.  I had the friend chicken with Jambalaya and it was amazing - really the best jambalaya I have had in a long time.So don't expect fine dining, white tableclothes and whatnot - it's just a humble bar in the quarter churning out amazing food to loud and drunk patrons!  I will definitely be back...SO  I Don't normally ever give out 5 stars to places. But I think this place is worthy. On our trip to NOLA early december 2011, FRIED chicken IS AMAZING, Tender and Juicy, and crusted outside.Rabbit Jambalya is GREATColeslaw GOODand Drink menu is unique, really good Spice Bloody MerryService is fast, we went there twice and both times this place was GREATyou got to go try this place, you will not regret it.I really wanted some fried chicken from New Orleans---bf didn't want to take to Willie Mae's Fried Chicken so I came across Coop's Place.  We were a little hesitant to enter into Coop's place--because I guess we were expecting a tourisy/nice restaurant set up. But its a bar-type of set up, very casual. Don't judge! We sat at the bar---enjoyed a few Abitas! The bartender and the cooks were of good service. The cook even brought out our entree. Food- the fried chicken was amazing! everything especially the seasoning and the skin part. So delicious! If you want to avoid the tourisy areas of new orleans---Coop's Place is an awesome place for that :)My thoughts.1) The special jambalaya with duck and tasso in it is amazing.2) The guy picking the music on the jukebox had great taste. He got me into George Benson.3) The waiter was really generous with the iced tea. Much appreciated.4) I almost ruined everyone's meal by making them taste the habanero Tabasco sauce. Nobody could taste anything for an entire hour!!  And yet everybody still liked the place, despite my terror methods. So I've got  to say that the place is good. Thanks, Coop.Coop's is a small dive-y place (it's dingy, dirty, and the bathroom/back area--where some food prep is done is downright gross) but the food was great. I'm a vegetarian and had a fantastic veggie burger and fries there. We were there on a Friday afternoon for lunch and there was no wait and the service was attentive. (The place wasn't very crowed, so I think that helped). The waitress/bartender was nice enough--when she forgot my husband's beer, she brought it after she'd printed our bill--and said it was on the house and gave him a to-go cup as well.When we went to Coop's on a Sunday afternoon it was much more crowded and there was a line outside (we actually got the last open table so we didn't have to wait outside). We did have to wait quite awhile to get menus and place our orders though. The place isn't *that* big either, so I'm not entirely sure why the long waits. Our food was tasty--I had the veggie burger again.Go to Coop's knowing what to expect, good food in a dive bar from servers with attitude. You may have to wait outside, you may have to wait to be served, and you will most likely not see your waiter very often (and may have to wait for more drinks or refills--which might be OK, considering how nasty the back area and bathrooms are!) But, as long as you go expecting that you'll enjoy your meal.I also think going on a weekday afternoon could help you avoid the crowds and poor service--at least that was our experience. Had we only been there on a busy Saturday or Sunday we would not have returned.I went to Coop's Place with high expectation after reading all of the great reviews here on Yelp, but the food that my husband and I ate was nothing special at all.I ordered the  fried chicken and red beans and rice.  It was totally bland, nothing special, flat-out unspectacular.  I should have saved my dollars and just went to Popeye's.  I would have been happier and more satisfied.My husband ordered the jambalaya and a salad.  He said that his salad was the highlight of his meal.  The jambalaya just did not do it for him.  He said that it was not awful but that it was the worst jambalaya that he had ever had.Also, the atmosphere of the place kind of sucks.  It's dark.  Kind of loud.  They give you your drinks in some tiny plastic cups and then don't come around to give you refills.  You sit around forever waiting to order, waiting to get your check, waiting to pay.  Just waiting.  Yelp, you let me down on this one :-(Ok...  This place.  This place is worth the line.  I was so tired of the theatrics!  Every decent restaurant had a line and the food was like...  nothing really blew me away.Here however, I was impressed. One of the few places that lived up to the hype.I had the coop's taste plate.  Seafood gumbo, Rabbit and Sausage (yes i ate rabbit and it was awesome) jambalaya, shrimp creole and fried chicken!  Bomb bomb bomb bomb!   I wish I could say something original about this place.I can't.  It's great.Come!  worth the wait.Best food outside of a Brennan's restaurant in NOLA.  It's the kind of place you read about - it's kind of dark and dingy, but the food could seriously not taste any better.  This is what New Orleans cuisine is all about.  I lived in New Orleans for 4 years and I've visited it countless times since I left, and my only regret that I only discovered this place within the last year.  It's down Decatur Street, closer to Frenchman Street and away from the tourist traps.  It's the kind of place that focuses on the food, rather than that ear-poison zydeco music,  and the BS hyping about their gumbo and whatnot.  Their gumbo is OK but the real treat here is the rabbit jambalaya.  This dish alone is worth a trip to New Orleans.   Enjoy it with an Abita Purple Haze and you're set.  I actually was never much of a fan of jambalaya until I had it here.  Since then, my wife and I learned how to make it (albeit without the rabbit) and it's now one of my favorite dishes.  Thanks Coops! The other standout is the fried chicken.  There are no words I can use to describe how juicy and tasty (and spicy!!) it is.  My second favorite entree here is the blackened redfish which is one of my favorite in any restaurant, but they do it right here.    It's cramped, you can very well end up sharing a table with another group, but this is where you come for authentic New Orleans food and it cannot be beat, especially for the price.  Forget the Gumbo Shop, Cafe Pontalba and some of those other overpriced eyesores that promise authentic food.  This is what you want.  All that said, I'd still take Brennan's or Commander's Place for dinner, but Coop's is vastly more affordable so you get a lot more bang for your buck.Like so many Nola eateries, you have gobs and gobs of fried food. And I'm not saying that's a bad thing, but it's a shame that Coop's poboys dominate the menu (last time I went in for lunch it seemed everyone was eating fried crawfish, shrimp and oysters).The real prize at Coop's is their jambalaya. So many places turn out crap jambalaya, but Coop's does it right: with great big chunks of pepper in a flavorful broth with super spicy tasso. They also do a great red beans and rice (slow cooked and peppery with plenty of stock meat).If you go out back you can see where they cook all the meals: under the open sky. They have a big smoker and huge stew pots back there. Most back allies in Nola smell like sewage, but this back alley smells like heaven!Anyway, skip the fried seafood and try something with real local flavor. Also, don't cross the waitresses because they WILL win in any bar brawl.Sat at the bar tonight - Had the red beans and rice with two pieces of fried chicken, with a side of the acclaimed green beans. All was VERY good. The red beans are a little spicy - asked the bartender for a beer recommendation, and he did good! A local selection.Did hear at a table near me as their food was being delivered - "Oh, do the red beans and rice have meat? I'm a vegetarian." To which the waitress spit back - "I'll take it off this time, but in New Orleans, everything is cooked with meat! You shoulda asked first!" This was followed a bit later by the ever popular "Sorry - We don't split checks!"  Even if it "policy", is it really that hard? She was a real charmer, I will say.That being said, it is a local dive with good food at a reasonable price. (Red beans and rice with two pieces of chicken, a side of green beans, and a beer, $18.xx. Not bad, in my opinion.)  Some of the help has attitude - the bartender, though, I have no complaints. Would be happy to go back and sit at the bar again.It is tight quarters with only a small number of tables and seats, and determining who's next to be seated is a bit f'ed up. "Wait outside for awhile!" Can't imagine what it's like if it were a busier time of year.As a fellow Yelper said, it is somewhat "Soup Nazi"-esque. "No gumbo for you!" But, WTF, it's part of the "charm".Don't let it's Divey appearance fool you, one of the best meals you will EVER have in New Orleans is right through Coop's doors. I would go back to New Orleans just to eat at Coop's, just to have the Duck Quesadilla (and I hate Duck normally) and the Rabbit/Sausage Jambalaya. It was our first trip to NOLA, and every local person we met said we HAD to eat at Coop's. So we gave it a try and would have regretted it had we not. Flavorful food and reasonable prices!The Best. Ever.I was in New Orleans for 4 days and ate here twice, breaking my rule of never repeating restaurants on vacation. I think about Coop's constantly. The best jambalayah... with rabbit and sausage... the red beans and rice are unlike any other. Oh, and the oyster po'boy is amazing. The fried chicken is delicious. Get the sampler platter thing. No wait, get the oyster po'boy. Actually get both. It breaks my heart that I don't live closer to Coop's.I had a pitiful dining experience at Coops.  I was really looking forward to eating there and majorly disappointed that it didn't work out.  After skipping the long lunch lines twice during the week before Jazzfest, we decided to hit up the place after fest.  We were spent from the fairgrounds, but hungry, so we hit a short line at Coops, placed ourselves at the bar and ordered up a couple of beers, a huge fried sampler, Sausage Red beans and rice, and rabbit jambalaya.  Sampler was large, but unremarkable.  Wife's sausage and beans were bland.  My jambalaya, was the worst I've ever had anywere, and I've had bad before.  This stuff was mush.  Terrible.  To add to the poor experience, the bartender never came back to ask how our meals were.  They were dropped and we were forgotten.  My salad arrived with no dressing, and I couldn't even get his attention to ask for it.  Despite it being Jazzfest time, the bar was NOT busy.  He served people who came up to the bar, but completely ignored us.  I was shocked and disgusted.  Finally, after staring through the bartender for about 10 minutes, I was able to ask for my check.  Unbelievable.A hole in the wall type joint, it's really small and compact. The service isn't that great and the food wasn't too pleasing either. If your looking for good nawlins food believe me, it ain't here. Of course I had to try it cause that's what I do, I eat everywhere, but never again, waste of money and time, straight trash. How did this place get 4 or 5 stars from ANYBODY, I'm confused...Look, I normally hate tourist-heavy French Quarter restaurants that have a long winding line outside but Coop's is legitimately good. The rabbit & sausage jambalaya is so smoky and satisfying and the redfish menuire will keep me coming back for a long time. The "Coop's Taste Plate" is always a safe option for those seeking "typical" New Orleans food. Service is hit or miss as this place is busy as heck but if you don't go in expecting a white-gloved Jeeves to cater to your every desire then it isn't a deal breaker. I highly recommend Coop's to all of my friends that visit town and want to stay in the FQ to eat.First time to NOLA.  Nice atmosphere.  The food was good.  Not so much memorable, except one dish.  IT was an appetizer.  You must try the BACON GREEN BEANS!  They are the best!!!Nothing special here. Its good but not GREAT! Look at other places before choosing. Also the server we had worked the bar too so we were unsure if she was a bartender or a waitress. Barely got service.This was suggested to me by my cousin who came here previously and told me I had to try this place. Its in a touristy area of the french quarter and would NEVER have considered this place if not for the recommendation. It was in a dark divey hole, you walk in and you realize its not a restaurant but a bar. They open at 11 and by 12 pm there was a line outside the door. There were two bar tenders and one was running around serving and bar tending. Needless to say service required some patience. We got the tasting plate, smoked ducked quesadilla, and when we were done decided we liked the chicken and the jambalaya too much that we needed the platter with 2 pieces of fried chicken and jambalaya. the shrimp gumbo was very hearty, a little salty for my taste but there was a very interesting mix of spices which rolls around your mouth. My mouth just salivated reminiscing it. The friend chicken was awesome, it had a crunchy skin and it was very juicy with a peppery rub. Jambalaya was good, it had a nice kick to it, was subtle. Didn't really get the smoked rabbit, appears pretty well incorporated in there but overall it was tastyThe Smoked duck quesadilla was very good, it would have been better with more duck and less sour cream as the sour cream over powered the mango chutney that was on there which would have good to have in cutting through and balancing the heaviness of the cheese and duck.What a great discovery!The best Red beans and Rice I had anywhere in NOLA.Had it with the chicken and had it with the Sausage - both were excellent!!Went to Coop's back in September while visiting New Orleans with a group of friends. We headed out kinda late on a Saturday night, and I was a little nervous about the hour and the food that we would get. When we got there, the place wasn't crowded, but it was still halfway full, We found a table for four and sat ourselves, guessing that that's what we were supposed to do. As others have said, this isn't a friendly spot - the service is lacking. We ordered appetizers - I ordered the crab stuffed jalapeno poppers and I think my friend ordered the stuffed mushrooms. I wanted to try out the restaurant specialities. The poppers were amazing - lightly battered so you could taste the crabmeat and well-flavored. For dinner, I ordered Coop's Taste Plate, so I could try a little of everything, and shared, while the other people at the table ordered gumbo and fettucine alfredo with shrimp, I believe. Everything tasted great. I have to say that my plate was the favorite of the table, because it came with everything - cup of Seafood Gumbo, Shrimp Creole, Cajun Fried Chicken, Red Beans & Rice with Sausage, and Rabbit & Sausage Jambalaya. There wasn't one thing on my plate (or in my cup of gumbo) that didn't come filled with flavor. A very cool side note: each cup of gumbo on our table came with its own piece of crab, as if someone in the kitchen makes sure each bowl comes with everything it's supposed to. They don't let you spilt checks, so if you're going with a group make sure to take cash. Beers were reasonably priced. The food is very reasonably priced as well. The only downfall is the service, but we didn't really care.We arrived at Coop mid-afternoon and managed to avoid any lineups. And yet, even at 3pm, the place was far from empty. We ordered the gumbo, shrimp creole, and cajun fried chicken:- gumbo: came out steaming hot and messy (which is always a good sign) and had plentiful of seafood; we were very pleased and could only imagine how much seafood would be included with an "extra" serving- shrimp creole: a little too much on the tomato, but good taste overall- cajun fried chicken: chicken was crispy, but lacked a little flavour and the thigh was slightly dry; the coleslaw was actually surprisingly delish, especially in concert with the rabbit and sausage jambalaya on the side. Overall a big thumbs up!Coops place is awesome. It's a dive bar that makes really great New Orleans classics.  When I was there the staff were friendly and funny. Our "server" was also bartending and had no problem juggling both. The food was very good. We got the Coop's Taste Plate with a cup of Seafood Gumbo, Shrimp Creole, Cajun Fried Chicken, Red Beans & Rice with Sausage, and Rabbit & Sausage Jambalaya and a fried oyster po'boy. The po'boy was very good and I LOVED the Cajun fried chicken but all of it was very tasty and authentic. The portions are huge and it's cheap!Yes, there's a bar cat and 2 friendly bar bulldogs- get over it, they're harmless. When I went, there were mostly locals. A few tourists came in but quickly left. I think they expected a more polished place but again, it's a bar.On one of the first evenings in NOLA, we passed Coop's Place and there was a line deep of 10 people outside and we knew we had to return. We did for a 11AM lunch, right when Coop's opens. Remember, Coop's is 21+. A young couple with a stroller started walking in, and the waitress had to shoo out a beleagured, hungry family because even little babies can not be in the restaurant/bar.The fantastic cartoon logo. The alligator looks so full, he has to flip over and nap. Coop's has a great dark wood bar area, it is a bit dingy, as I would expect, but it is full of character.Notice the brown dog in the back? My friend got greeted by him on the way in and out of the bathroom.House salad (A Spring mix of seven fresh salad greens topped with cucumber, carrots and tomato) with made in house Green Goddess dressing $4.50.Rice and beans with two pieces of Cajun fried chicken $8.50. Let's talk about the Cajun fried chicken. It was SO juicy inside, juice dribbled from the meat and the seasoned crust with Coop's Bayou Blend was real tasty. I wish I had some of that chicken right now.The rice and beans topped with scallions was cooked for hours with pork and I found myself some pork bones. So fair warning, all rice and beans in NOLA has pork. This is not Latin rice in beans. It is flavorful, porky, has tassles of pork in the sauce.The fried mushrooms were juicy, but were also a bit greasy served with horseradish dipping sauce. You can skip this. My friend wasn't happy. $7.95. All in all, I will be back for an early Fried Chicken lunch with a side of Green Goddess. Thanks Coop's for a memorable, mouth-watering inducing chicken.I usually hate giving bad reviews, but in this case I feel it's necessary. Tourists: Save your money and go elsewhere. I'm honestly not sure why all the locals recommend this spot or why there's always a line out the door. My meal was just nothing special. I started with a cup of the seafood jambalaya. I only got about two pieces of seafood in the entire thing. The oyster was cold in the center- not a good first oyster experience in my book. I then ordered the Shrimp Creole which was boiled shrimp with tomatoes, onions, and peppers over rice. To me, it tasted bland and more Italian than Cajun. I just didn't taste any love or care in the dish. Perhaps the staff is used to working on tight schedules at a fast pace, but they weren't particularly friendly. They immediately shoved us outside to wait on line, and then when we paid our bill, they said they had to kick us out. I'm pretty sure we knew there was a throng of people waiting; no need to be slightly rude about it. All in all, mediocre.This is a great go-to place for seafood and Cajun fare! It's a little bit loud and tends to attract a crowd (even at off-peak hours), but the food is hard to beat. It was well worth the wait! We got the sampler platter for both the appetizer and the entree. Both were delicious and portions were large. Amber beers are delicious (there is no beer on tap here).Coop's Place and a party of nine on a Tuesday night last week.  Sure it's good food, and it's definitely worth the visit, but a party of nine will be a challenge and the room may or may not contain surpises.We thought it wouldn't be a problem to have a party of nine, but, as you'd suspect, getting your whole group together in the French Quarter can be a challenge.  We sent one of us to get a spot in line, and you need to know that you won't be seated until your entire group is there and ready to be seated.  As a result, she had to let about 20 people in before us as we staggered to gather at the restaurant.  While we waited we did get the thrill of having the snarky waitress come out to tell us exactly where we needed to stand to wait, 'behind the blue chalk line', and which way the line was supposed to go.  She was a classic, no smiling, not having fun, obey me or else type of individual.  If you will, picture a female version of the soup nazi.  She ended up being our waitress and we had a side bet, $1, to see who could make her smile.  The food is good and it is affordable.  This is not Emeril's place with fancy tables, servers, and wine list, as this is a place that could have very well evolved from somebody's home kitchen.  Again, the food is good, and I'll go back, but you do need to know that some in our party of nine had very serious concerns about the cleanliness of the place.  It didn't help that while we were all standing in an orderly fashion a customer came out and told us that he had a cockroach walk across his table.  Our group did not see any cockroachs, but some of the more sensitive among us were concerned.In case you're wondering, I had the the Taste Plate, and it is, "A cup of Seafood Gumbo, Shrimp Creole, Cajun Fried Chicken, Red Beans & Rice with Sausage, and Rabbit & Sausage Jambalaya".  My piece of chicken was a bit disappointing as I ended up with a single drumstick, but boy was the Cajun seasoning worth it.  So you know, it arrived seconds after it came out of the frying pan and it was so good that I almost ordered more.  Everything else on the plate was good, but my favorite was the chicken.So, are there lessons to share with you?  Yes, and here they are in a nutshell.1)  Have your whole group together.2)  Don't anger the line Nazi.  She may be your waitress.3)  It's a dark room and you may not know what is lurking around you....bugwise.4)  Have some chicken....5)  They have video poker, and so nobody under the age of 21 is admitted.Cajun food the way your mom would make it (if she was Cajun and ran a pub). Great taste, big portions, and cheap. I received this dinner recommendation from asking a local on the street. I'm wondering if my wearing jeans and a hoody influenced her recommendation.  I'm definitely not complaining. Best seafood Gumbo I have ever had which paired well with the Abita IPA.  I highly recommend Coop's Place for a casual Cajun dinner!Save room for dessert because it's just a short walk up Decatur Street to find the world famous Cafe Du Monde for after dinner coffee and beignets.There isn't a lot of seating, but once you get in there the hassle is definitely worth it!  The beer is cheap, the staff is friendly in a gritty sort of way, and the food is AMAZING. I didn't expect the food to be more on the gourmet side for such a divey looking place, but I was pleasantly surprised. Go for the rabbit quesadillas!  I also had the chicken tchoupitoulas and it was heavenly.  Skip the tourist spots and check this place out... unless you're the sort of person who loves Bubba Gump and TGI Friday's - then you should stay far, far away.I came to Coop's with a party of 7, and they sat us right away (and never gave us dirty looks... which I can't say of everywhere I've come with a group that big!)  We came fairly early on a Sunday evening, but when we passed by on Sat night, they had a line down the block... a true testament to this yummy casual dinner spot - a "must do" in my opinion for a food tour of New Orleans!We came in expecting great food and not-so-great service - and could not have been more wrong on the service front!  Our waitress, Casey, was so attentive and patient.  My family is big on asking questions and making substitutions, and Casey helped navigate everyone's tastes and needs with a great attitude.  And, thoughout the meal, without being asked, she continuously brought us soft drink and water refills.In terms of the food, I had the blackened redfish.  It was perfectly cooked, and super spicy - great for me, but some at my table thought it was too much... I guess Coop's spicing is not for the faint hearted ;)The fried chicken is awesome (as all the other Yelpers said, too!).A few folks had the gumbo - great spice blend... lots of sage gave it a deep and full flavor!Although the music was a little loud, and this isn't the best spot for dinner conversation, I loved Coop's charm (funny art and posters on the walls)!For quality and quantity, Coop's price/ value can't be beat!This place was recommended by locals so we tried it out. What a mistake. We were not spoken to after 15 minutes after we were seated so I asked for a server. She explained that no specialty drinks listed on the menu were available so we ordered water and a beer with an appetizer.  We waited another ten minutes and nothing came. Finally we got our drinks after 25 minutes. While we are waiting, another table was served apps and dinner and we haven't even been able to place an order!  The thing is they arrived 10 minutes after we were seated...  horrible service and no idea if the food is any good because we couldn't order any!!  So much for the local recommendation....  do not try to eat hereAbsolutely the worst fried chicken, service was also the worst............if you want fried chicken in NOLA go to KFC..................an easy go-to in the Quarter.  open late and owned by a Tulane alumni!I couldn't decide so I went with the taste plate.  The gumbo was fantastic.  Unfortunately, I couldn't really distinguish between the beans and rice and the shrimp creole. If you're thinking of getting the taste plate, do yourself a favor and just get the fried chicken plate.  It was the best thing on the plate, and I would have loved more.  If I had more time in NOLA I would have totally gone back  here to try the other things on the menuThe Sazerac was great, perfect compliment to the food.Heads up, the front door swings both in and out (cracked me good in the behind when I got in)My friend who visits NOLA pretty often suggested Coops Place once we realized that our hangover wouldn't be cured by the closed on Mondays Central Grocery.  Claiming Coops has the best fried chicken, I was more than willing to try the place.  It's a pretty divey joint and they don't split checks...but damn the fried chicken is good!  I ordered the Cajun Fried Chicken which comes with rabbit & sausage jambalaya but I thought the jambalaya was a bit mushy and slightly bland.  The chicken was moist and the skin crispy with just the right amount of spice.  I also had a slice of the duck quesadilla which was ok but the cheese and duck combo tasted odd and you couldn't tell it was duck.Visiting from the Midwest and from all great reviews my boyfriend and I had to try it! It was busy but we got seated immediately, the crowd and staff were hip and friendly. My boyfriend ordered the fried chicken that comes in a 3 piece order. I had to snatch a piece to see if it tasted as good as it looked and it did. Lightly crisped and delish. He's not fond of creamy coleslaw so I scarfed that down for him as well. I never had slaw quite like it and liked it a lot. I had the shrimp creole and a cup of seafood gumbo. The shrimp creole wasn't anything to get to excited over but they do load the dish with lots of shrimp. The gumbo was very flavorful to me. We washed it all down with a local Abita beer. This place is all in all great. You cant beat the thrifty prices either! If the bathroom wasn't as dingy as it was I would give it 5 stars.Fried Chicken. Period.We made it over to Coops after looking this place up on yelp as a great place to get some local new orleans creole dinner. Its a tiny place and they have you queue up outside as you wait for a table. Didnt take us long to get inside and its a cozy place and a bit divey but not gross. The menu is on the wall and covers every type of Cajun dish you can imagine. Everything we ordered was great and the jambalaya pasta was a big hit. Almost everyone had the gumbo for obvious reasons but seriously you cant go wrong with anything here and the price is right!On a side note, get the honey mustard dressing with your salad, its the best ive ever had in my life.They get busy so be prepared to wait for a table on any night of the week and realize they will skip you if your entire party is not present.I've been here twice. The first time was based on Yelp reviews. I remember having a slightly better than average experience.  The second visit was powered by a member of my party's desire for fried chicken. Of course if you ask anyone around town where is the best place for fried chicken in the French Quarter they are going to tell you Coop's. First of all, the staff here is bordering on hateful. I distinctly remember that being the case both times.  Is being an a-hole their shtick? You'll need better food to make that work. So on to the food - the jambalaya was the best thing I've had here and is really good. The red beans and rice? I've had better at the local Cajun place here in Nashville. The heralded fried chicken? Not as good as the most mediocre chicken I've had in my hometown. Now, to be fair, Nashville can get down on some chicken, especially its famed hot chicken, but for a place that is so acclaimed for something I was pretty disappointed. All I can say is that this place is over-hyped given the gruffness of the staff that can't be justified by the slightly better than average food.I don't know how I missed this place the last time I was in town. We waited outside for about 40 minutes and it was well worth it. For some reason, there was several parties of 7-10 people on that night we were there.Fried chicken.. best damned fried chicken I ever had. Rabbit and sausage jambalaya was out of this world. Everything else that came with the taste plate was awesome.The only problem I have with the food around New Orleans is you get incredibly full and can't finish it all, no matter how hungry you are.I can't wait to come back to Coop's next time I am in town.Great food. The only thing keeping me from giving this place five stars is the often shitty service. It's a dive bar atmosphere so the waiters can get away with sassing the customers. Also prepare to wait in line because the place is tight and doesn't have a lot of seating.Stick it out and get the Duck Empanadas.There's also a cat that lives in the restaurant and wanders around. That can't be health code kosher...Yes, its a dive of a bar, a hole in the wall, call it what you want, but O-M-GAAWWWD! That was the best Cajun spicy fried chicken my husband and I ever had!!! (sorry, MIL)The jambalaya was so delectably spicy, and even the cole slaw rocked (and I'm not a fan of cole slaw). I found the perfect pairing for my meal to be a Woodchuck Granny Smith Cider. We liked Coop's so much we tried to go a second time, but alas, it was so late, they only had one chicken thigh left to sell... And, I'd been dammed if we didn't take it!!! They gave us a few substitutes in lieu of the missing chicken (jambalaya, come to papa), and I opted for the Cajun shrimp over rice. Once again, we were not disappointed. My momma always says, "if your gonna eat, make sure the place is full of people... An empty reataurant = lousy food". And let me tell you, every night we walked by, that bar was full, with a waiting line outside. That is always a good sign, so don't let the lines scare you away. Eat at Coop's Place!OH MY GAH- WHAT THE HAIL JUST HAPPENED!Went on Yelp reviews, got there to a waiting line. Waitress told us to sit @ the bar, no seats, and we were yelled @ to go back outside.  The smell is what kept us waiting.  20 more minutes and we were seated. We were gonna sally out with the tasting plate per reviews, but decided to break out our balls and order entrees instead. We split the rabbit jumbalaya and the chicken tchoupitoulas, and a cup of gumbo.NONE of you mentioned the Chicken Tchoupitoulas.  (at least I didn't have the attention span to read anyway!)  THIS is the dish I came to New Orleans to find and devour like the inner fatty I am.  So spicy, so covered in special sauces and melted butter, it made the tasty rabbit jumbalaya seem subpar, an afterthought, in comparison. I can't even REMEMBER the stinkin gumbo!There was one waitress, the service was slow, but that dish basically made my life. Yelpers, you have come through for me once again. Goodnight Chicago.Wasn't very hungry coming to this place (this being a reoccurring theme in new Orleans, as we are constantly eating), so split a jambalaya supreme with the bf.  Man. It was as if my fork was suddenly drawn into a magnetic force field, forcing it into a nonstop, fast-paced back and forth motion  between the plate and my mouth.  The large smoky chunks of sausage, rabbit, and seafood, mixed in with wonderfully saucy rice...yum!  Very quickly regretted sharing my plate.Southern hospitality? Rudest waiter ever. Perhaps it's from dealing with tourists all day, but still inexcusable. Another party invited us to share their table. We were inexplicably chastised. Head down the street to French Quarter Grill at MRB. They'll treat you like family.Damn, I love Coop's. I've been to NOLA a few times in the past year, and I make time (and stomach space) specifically for Coop's fried chicken and jambalaya.Their chicken is spicy, fresh, and made up of awesome. I highly recommend it. It comes with either jambalaya or red beans and rice. Get the jambalaya - it comes with rabbit and sausage - so good.If you want to try out more, check out their taste plate. The gumbo is quite good, and the red beans and rice is no slacker either. My only complaint was the shrimp creole, which just tasted of plain old tomatoes.My only complaint? It's dirty. Grimy, sticky, kind of gross. If this bothers you (ehh, whatever), don't go, because you'll spend the whole time thinking how much worse the kitchen might be.I'd heard so many GREAT things about this place. So I tried it... TWICE... and both times were just.. meh.The first time... the bartender treated my friend who was visiting like complete feces. He snidely corrected his pronunciation for dishes and criticized me for drinking Abita Strawberry. WTF?? I'm not paying to be judged, broseph.The place is small, a cute kind of divey place. It's a decent place for tourists and transplants. But there is much, MUCH better food with better service in new orleans. Keep looking.I don't know about the other low-star reviews on here (they must be ordering the wrong stuff), but this place was freaking excellent. Who knew that in the back of a dive bar lie magnificent culinary artists working their craft? Came here for a late-night round 2 dinner and this place absolutely exceeded my expectations. Try the sampler plate - gives you a wide selection of their offerings including rabbit jambalaya, fried chicken, gumbo, etoufee... basically, EVERYTHING on that plate is delicious! I split the plate with my gf, but she was ready to steal my share of the chicken after she tried it first - it's that good.If there's a crowd, it's inconvenient as it's a pretty small space and you have to stand, but it is definitely worth your time to wait.The fried chicken is amazing. Incredible flavor, crispy exterior, juicy meat. Recommended via a guidebook (eek!) and lived up to the rating of best of said item in NOLA. Ventured out to Coop's after having passed out early from too many hurricanes, waking up at 11pm with a craving for fried chicken, like any normal traveler would be prone to.The atmosphere is dark, casual and gritty. Clientele are colorful and a little eccentric. Service was as to be expected; efficient and competent, but salty. God forbid you request 2 breasts after 8pm. Received a withering look for that naive request. I still dream about this fried chicken. So damn good!Thanks to Yelpers, I found Coop's.Try their taste place if you cannot decide what to order. You get a cup of Seafood Gumbo, Shrimp Creole, Cajun Fried Chicken, Red Beans & Rice with Sausage, and Rabbit & Sausage Jambalaya.I've had better gumbo (by a lovely grandma from Louisiana), but I really enjoyed their jambalaya. It was just a tiny bit spicy and packed a lot of flavours. My boyfriend and I also ordered crawfish and tasso. I was not a huge tasso fan (as I usually don't eat meat), but this pasta had a huge flavour and awesome sauce. The pasta was cooked perfectly, and it was difficult to put the fork down!The staff was nothing but super friendly. There were people constantly coming in looking for some good eats. I am so happy that I got to try this place!The restaurant was more divey and had a bar, so the service wasn't great. We had to wait at the front of the restaurant when no one was paying attention to us. We ended up sitting at the bar where we had some service, but the bare minimum.The food was okay. Prices were cheap for the French Quarter area. I had a cold cup of seafood gumbo ($5.25). The seafood creole ($10.25) was similar to the seafood gumbo, but had a generous amount of shrimp. I liked the kick to the sauce. My hubby ordered the fried chicken (3 pieces) with rabbit and sausage jambalaya ($10.50). He said that the dish was pretty good. I still don't understand the long lines to this place. Credit cards accepted.They have one of the best gumbo I ever had. If you like your gumbo spicy, this is the place. The tastes plate was great for the first timer. I will definitely get a fried chicken next time. The smoked duck quesadilla was surprisingly great. I never had it anywhere else before.The Cajun Fried Chicken Three Piece -- was awesome!The rub on the chicken was just perfect and the sides it came with complimented the dish perfectly - 'slaw and jambalaya. Washed it all down with a local brew Abita Amber.Even though I was there primarily for the fried chicken, the side of jambalaya blew me away - it was the best I've had in NOLA.I went here in May 2009 having been told it's one of the best spots in NOLA and was just blown away at how disappointing it was.First, the bugs. Not one, but two large cockroaches slithered down the wall behind my friends and there was such a commotion over them that our plates were almost overturned before they were stomped. The staff pretended not to notice.Second, the food. I made the mistake of ordering something off the menu which they were not famous for: the shrimp. Really not great. My advice would be to get the chicken or the jambalaya--the safe bets. Don't stray.Third, the wait. We waited about 45 minutes for two tables only to experience the above. The place has that sort of divey / casual atmosphere so we really weren't expecting a lot to begin with. Alas.Overall, not great. Maybe it was an off night for them, but it really put me off.My boyfriend's favorite Jambalaya from our trip to New Orleans. We got the supreme with the seafood in it, and according to him with his mouth stuffed full of food "SHO MANY FLAVORSH"Great food, amazing prices. I also appreciated the fact that their Buttered Rum was a pile of delicious.Absolutely the BEST!  Great authentic local food, tastes like the best home-cooking ever. Jambalaya Supreme is just that. For all the reviews about rude staff, seriously. Toughen up, it took us about 15 minutes to turn that around and had a great time with them. They serve late-night which was great for us. Just don't expect any Jimmy Buffet music! Ha!A great place for grub and a cold drink when the heat and tourists on Decatur get to be too much. The food is better than you'd expect for a dark little bar. Prices are okay, certainly not dirt cheap, but the overall experience keeps me coming back when I'm ready to get off the street and out of the heat.Most of the menu is solid. I liked the gumbo which was spicy and had whole oysters. The po boy is pretty loaded and does the trick. I've heard the fried chicken rocks and I'm a little sad I didn't get any.I give it 4-stars because 3.75 was not available, and there are certainly many worse places along Decatur St.A fan favorite for a reason. Can get crowded.We ate here for our first night's dinner.  We arrived really late so once we checked in, we went off for a walk to find a place to eat.  This place was the quietest and least empty.  I think it's b/c there's only a jukebox and the other places played live music, but whatever, we didn't care.  We were just hungry!I was slightly overwhelmed with the amount of choices I had for my first meal in NO so I just went ahead and ordered their super combo.  It came with Gumbo, Red Beans & Rice, Shrimp Creole, Rabbit & Sausage Jambalaya, and Fried Chicken - 12.95.  (I posted a pic).  My husband got the Fried Shrimp & Oyster PoBoy.  She upsold us into getting it PoBoy style, but you can just get it as a sandwich.  The fries were just ok, but the PoBoy made up for it.  It's really good.The wait staff is hella chill...they come out from the back, serve you, go to the bar, get a beer for themselves, and drink it while they walk on the way to the back.  Like I said, hella chill.  You can smell the essence of ganja in the bar, lol.  Overall, great first meal for us...especially w/ their conveniently opened late hours.Great place!Cozy interior with every seat taken in the place, which is always a good sign.   Dimly lit with a brick surrounding and only about 8-9 tables, then the bar in the middle.  We've been looking for a great food experience in New Orleans and this was the best overall combination of food quality and good pricing that we've found.  We started with the Jalapeno poppers stuffed with crab meat and the lamb ribs each about $7.   The chili jelly for the lamb ribs was amazing and the poppers with horseradish was also very good.   For the entree, we split a plate of red beans which came with a jambalaya of rabbit and sausage.   In addition, there were 2 pieces of cajun fried chicken added.  The chicken was only thing we ate that was par or subpar.  We also got the side of green beans in bacon sauce. The entree was barely something we could finish between us and it was so good. Our total was $45.00 for both appetizers, 3 Red Stripes, and the entree.   I would absolutely recommend the place.Coop's a is a cozy place located in French Quarter.  I came here on my last day in NOLA because I was dying to try their fried chicken.  It did not disappoint!  I ordered the Cajun Friend Chicken entree, which came with two pieces of fried chicken (breast and drumstick), cole slaw, and rabbit jambalaya.  The fried chicken was succulent and it was not oily (which was a pleasant surprise), and the breading wasn't too thick.  The cole slaw was pretty good.  If I had to choose my least favorite part of the dish, it would be the jambalaya.  It was alright, but I had better during my stay.Would come back again for that chicken!With Benson L. and Brian L. running me around town, we tried to give this NOLA favorite one more try.  My first experience was eh... and actually had someone respond back with some colorful language with respect to my comments about the bartender. When we got  there we again had trouble finding a parking spot but when we got there this time it was alive and jumping.  It was right before the dinner rush so we tried to negotiate for a bigger table, but were told that the big table was reserved for parties of 5 or more (important point)  This time there was no cat in the window, but as we were waiting for our drinks to come in walked another party of 3 and were seated at the table where which we were just minutes earlier were told was reserved for 5...Our drinks were out in a jiffy and our waiter seemed somewhat annoyed at the noise level but quickly took our order.   As we were enjoying our cups of gumbo, POOF there goes my drink all over the table. (another important fact)  I thought it was because the table we were seated at was too small and would have been better saved for a party of two but Benson and Brian found it hilarious and continued to laugh at my predicament.I asked the waiter for some more water and he quickly brought it to our table.   I again had the taste of New Orleans sample plate (**** stars) but this time ordered a second piece of chicken.  While we waited for our meals I had two close calls with my drink and I was trying to be careful but while the waiter was serving us our meals POOF there goes my water yet again.!!! Just as before, the chicken was perfectly cooked and this time the jambalaya and beans and rice had a earthly and flavorful taste to them.  WARNING:  Come early or be prepare to wait outside the door in line for anywhere from 20-45 minutes.  This place has a bar type atmosphere and don't be surprised if you see people finishing their meal and staying longer while they toss back a couple beers before leaving the table.Best Bloody Mary I have ever had.  Will definitely be back for another one or two!This place would get 4.5 stars if allowed, but it's not quite 5 star material. The place is small and dive-y, but they make awesome food. We shared the jambalaya, duck quesadilla and gumbo, each of which was very good. Definitely not the cleanest place though, we had a cockroach the size of my thumb climb across the wall next to us at the end of the mealWe had a group of 6 hit up Coops for dinner and cocktails to recover from a previous night and gear up for another. Loved the weathered feel, dark walls, gritty character and the general vibe of the place (I would do best by calling it the Clint Eastwood of creole restaurants).The servers are a bit salty but they warmed up substantially with a little charm from our group (hey what can I say?) Ordered a fried seafood platter (oysters, shrimp, crawfish) and some fried stuffed jalapeno peppers for apps to go with our Abita Ambers and various cocktails.Most of us ordered up the Supreme Jambalaya which admittedly was some of the best I've ever had.  It features shrimp, sausage, rabbit, and crawfish along with a good spice and a savory goodness that was pretty much kick-ayssh. It provided that perfect "base" to a big night of watching funky music and drinking too much.We visited in May of 2010 and I can confidently say that this will be a staple on all future trips to NoLa.What can I say that hasn't already been said about: the fried chicken, the bloody marys, the Jambalaya, etc.  The food here is excellent and worth the wait, the drinks are strong, and the bloody mary's are spicy.  The staff is friendly and chatty and always looking to help you leave happy.NO ONE UNDER 21 IS ALLOWED IN THIS PLACE, not even your kids.Il y a toujours une file pour manger chez COOPS. Pourquoi? Je ne sais pas!!La nourriture est typique mais pas exceptionnelle. Le service est on ne peut plus moyen. Le barman/serveur s'est trompé dans notre commande et nous a apporté qu'une partie de ce que nous avions commandé. Expérience que je ne renouvèlerai pas c'est certain. J'oubliais: on a mangé au bar chacun à 5 cm de son voisin.Aucune excuse de sa part, il était presse comme la serveuse/tenancière qui ne voyait en nous que deux places qui allaient se libérer rapidement.The french quarter, New Orleans.  My meal was abruptly interrupted by the extra large prehistoric roach in the window and other small ones scampering by.  The gumbo was average and the crab and corn soup was salty.  The plus was the lamb ribs with mint jelly.You go into a place having read that it has the best rabbit and duck sausage Jambalaya in the world. You're skeptical.Then: wham!Don't miss Coop's.  I'm sure everything else on the menu is just as good.Classic late-night food in the Quarter. Ordered the Cajun chicken and the fried oyster and shrimp platter. Both were perfect for 10:30pm on a Thursday (10/16/09) night.This place is pretty sweet. Went there during mardi gras. Best Fried Chicken I have ever had. Had a really good seasonal strawberry abita beer. They staff were cool, well most of them anyway and the vibe was good. The lady who I think has worked there quite some time broke down the meaning of "Who Dat" me. Recommended highly if you want some amazing fried chicken.Who Dat!My oh my!!!We remembered Coop's fondly from a trip to N'awlins before Katrina. We couldn't remember the name, but knew it was there on Decatur, east of Central Grocery. We ate there last Thursday for lunch.My wife had redfish meuniere. While not a classic meuniere, it was absolutely delightful. The redfish filet was lightly breaded and fried, served on a bed of white rice and smothered with perfectly cooked shrimp and a deep dark sauce that had notes of roux, stock, cayenne and something sweet - an absolute gem of a sauce. I want to fly back RIGHT NOW!!I had shrimp creole, which was also very good, if not as memorable as the dish above. It is a much simpler dish, but was executed perfectly - shrimp not overcoooked, creole sauce well seasoned.And of course we are in love with Coop's blue cheese dressing on the house salad. They add red wine (reduction?) and it really deepens an excellent blue cheese dressing base nicely.One of my favorite places in New Orleans! We were new here, and some locals recommended it to us. The fried chicken is to die for -- very juicy and flavorful. The jambalaya is delicious... especially if you upgrade to the supreme! It's not a fancy place by any means, but that's why we like it even better. I would say it's a hidden treasure, but lately there have been pretty long lines outside, so I think more and more people are discovering it. I also like that the cooks bring out the food :)Several friends told me about this place and so I had to give it a try. The line was not too long and we were seated relatively quickly being the third party in line (there were 3 in our party). The place is small and ambiance is bar-like. Other than a ginormous NOLA roach crawling on the wall, everything else seemed to fit.We had the smoked duck quesadilla, gator bits, and a fried seafood appetizer. The smoked duck quesadilla was awesome although it could've used a bit more duck. It was my first time eating gator and getting it in bits was just right. It reminded me of popcorn chicken and was fried just right. Surprisingly it wasn't oily and the dipping sauce it came with was a good compliment. The fried seafood appetizer was good, but didn't stand out compared to any other fried seafood appetizer you would find in NOLA. I would definitely stop here again for a quick bite.After reading so many reviews in the weeks before we even arrived here this past weekend, I was so pumped to visit Coops. Sad, like Greg's review from today at the same time, I was just there an hour ago and like he said--it was cold inside and the food was stone cold, except the chicken, which was really dry like he also mentioned.  Man, I'm glad I wasn't the only one that had the same experience!  Not to be dramatic, but I was TOTALLY disappointed in the food-- the gumbo was ok, but the red beans and rice/jambalaya/shrimp creole plate I ordered was cold and TASTELESS.  The Creole had 3 plain, wet, raw shrimp on the bottom of these watered down tomatoes and jalapenos, that's "Creole Shrimp"??  I wanted so bad to like my dinner but I couldn't even force myself to.   The waitress only showed her face basically when we had food/drinks arriving but other than that didn't really care to ask how the food was, maybe she knew?Like I said, I was so disappointed in the dinner that I didnt' even bother complaining I just wanted to pay the bill and leave and sadly go grab a po'boy or a slice of pizza or a hotdog and head back to the hotel.  Pretty sad when you're thinking about a hotdog or slice of pizza when you've been eating at amazing restaurants all weekend otherwise in New Orleans.  Maybe we came on a bad day, or maybe this place has is taking a turn for the worse, but I can't say I would recommend eating here to anybody this weekend.  As mentioned, "There's so many more amazing places to eat in New Orleans that it's not worth spending your time/money at places like these".We were visiting NOLA December 2012. We went here based on Yelp reviews. We were looking for an affordable place to eat since we were on a budget and everything in French Quarter is pricey. We wanted NOLA food. We got the sampler platter and Jambalaya entree. It is affordable for being downtown. The food tasted good. This is a bar first and eatery second. So, the eating tables are in the back near the kitchen (?) and restrooms. The tables are common tables where it's a long table and you share with other customers. No problem. The problem I did have was that you can smell the cooks(?) or workers on break (?) smoking cigerattes in the back near the bathroom. I mean this is still indoors in the restaurant.  They were definitely smoking because I went to the bathroom and saw them smoking. I don't like to smell smoke when I'm eating. The food tasted great but my jambalaya was room temperature. I like my food hot and fresh out of the oven. I would recommend for a good value.  I think my luke warm food was a fluke. It did taste good.  It's a bar so I don't know if cigarette smoking is the norm or not here. In Florida, no smoking indoors.Yelpers come through again with a great suggestion.  Walked from Harrah's casino to this place, which was approximately one mile away.  It was a pleasant walk that led us through St Peters Square, so no complaining from the 6 guys I was with about the distance.Once we got there, we found the place immediately because it was the only one with a line OUT the door!  We asked the people at the front how long they've been there, and they said only about 20 minutes.  Our hunger limit was 30 minutes, so we decided to roll the dice.  Their menu outside is the same one as inside, so we all decided what to get before being invited into the small dark dive after 30 minutes of waiting outside.  Inside, we waited another 13 or so minutes before the waitress even got our food order, but I wouldn't say she was rude.  Just busy...she came back a few times throughout the night to check on us and ask if her suggestions (Chicken Tchopultoulas for my friend) was spot on.  According to him, it was.I got a cup of the seafood gumbo to start.  Yum.  Threw some crystal extra hot in there and it lit me up from the inside out, and caught my attention.  Next, my buddy shared the appetizer he ordered with me..duck quesadillas.  There was little duck found in this quesadilla, and it had some kind of mystery yellow sauce on it, but it was filled with good flavors and the freshly sliced jalapenos on it was a nice touch.Finally, the main course.  I got the seafood platter which was HUGE!  It was loaded with fresh fried seafood of all kinds.  I could not finish without enlisting the help of my fellow bachelors.  The fried piece of redfish was my favorite.  it was perfectly fried to perfection.  The inside was juicy, hot, and just the right amount of flaky.The only TWO drawbacks were these:-Right when I was finishing my entree, my buddy across the table pointed over my right shoulder to the wall behind me, and before I even turned around, I knew what he was pointing at.  And sure enough, a big f'n roach was crawling down the wall.  The worse part was not knowing where that sucker went because it was dark on the ground.  So i just hiked my boots up on my chair for the remainder of the meal.-Parties of 6 or more, 18% standard gratuity.  I get that.  But No separate checks AND only ONE credit card accepted for the whole check?  c'mon....P.S. Try the Abita Amber beer with your seafood dinner...it's refreshing and delightful.This is my kind of place. Everyone's friendly - staff AND patrons. I felt like I could eat, drink, and still maintain a good conversation with people around me. At one point, another table grabbed their plates and joined us at our booth for some laughs.It's not a spotless, modern restaurant. It's dark, but comfortable.I had some of the BEST pasta (Italiano - healthy and yummy) and jambalaya here. Not to mention, the bartender knows what's up.Affordable, excellent service. I'd never order fried chicken here because I can just go to Willie Mae's, but I'd guess it's pretty good. Everything I've had here has been excellent.Seems like a lot of reviews call it "local," and I was referred by a local, so I guess it holds. This is one of those places where the workers are known as being surly, and it's a total act, but a harmless enough one to put on, right? Sample joke: "Hey buddy, what's that on your head?" "What?" "Your hair." I ordered the Cajun fried chicken and rabbit jambalaya. Both were really good, would definitely recommend and return. I hadn't had jambalaya this mushy before, so I was a little put off by the texture, but the taste was complex and satisfying. The amazing Cajun chicken had that really deep peppery skin that makes you think...Cajun. "Real," chill atmosphere, strangely in the middle of lots of tourist shops.Great little New Orleans tavern.  Our bartender/server was super friendly and helpful.  The place has a lot of charm and a couple of cats.The green goddess salad dressing was awesome, as was the fired shrimp and oyster po-boy.4.5 stars and this is ONLY for their fried chicken.We looked all over the French Quarter for a place that had good fried chicken.  What's a trip to the south without tasting some of that, right?Coop's Place is seriously a dive... it's dark and dingy and also located further than many of the more popular places in the French Quarter.One person in our group was really hungry, and also was really craving for chicken, even though we had just finished a beast's feast at Acme.  So only one order of chicken was placed.After about a 20 minute wait, he was presented with the take out box.  Our 20 minute walk home cooled it down, and even though it was basically at a lukewarm temperature, the chicken was still out of this world.  There is no way I can go back to KFC or Popeye's after this :(The meat is juicy, the skin is flavorful... I can only imagine what it would taste like HOT!!!Goto Coop's for their chicken, I can vouch for it!!!I was half excited and half apprehensive about dining at this place after all the confusing reviews from Yelpers. I'm happy to report that the place is Much more quaint and authentic on the INSIDE than the way it looks on the Outside. It looks like a seriously sketchy dive on the outside...and i almost did not step in. The food was So-so. Definitely not amazingly awesome as some people have noted.The establishment is more of a bar than a restaurant. Wooden tables and chairs and stone floor. It's kinda divey, but not in a bad way at all. And it's as clean as a local-type bar would be.The service was good; the older lady who served me was very efficient and no-frills, which is exactly what you'd expect at such a place. The food though...was not as stellar as I'd have expected/ hoped for, especially for my last meal in NOLAFried Chicken Plate:- Fried Chicken- 3 pieces of dark meat (requested), fairly juicy but the crust was just OK, not Amazing like some people had raved. I wish it was more flavorful- Rabbit & Sausage Jambalaya- Terrible! I don't know what everyone is raving about. Maybe it was a very off day for them...but my Jambalaya was absolutely MUSHY, cold and frankly, quite disgusting.  I couldn't finish it...and believe me, i tried. But it was truly inedible. I hope it doesn't taste like this all the timeWhat a dive. I had the gumbo for take out. Not too impressed - it was a very strong, earthy flavor that I didn't love but am guessing some people do. They were nice, the restaurant had a nice smoky smell, and everyone says the jambalaya is legit. Maybe next time...Rabbit and sausage jambalaya - CheckGator - CheckCrabmeat Stuffed Jalapeno Peppers - CheckFried chicken of goodness - CheckSeafood Gumbo - CheckCheap alcohol - CheckI'm not going to lie, when I first walked in, I was a bit skeptical.  It looked like a dirty dive bar in San Francisco's mission district.  Never judge a book by it's cover.  We went here because of the hyped up reviews about the rabbit and sausage jambalaya but to be honest, it wasn't our favorite out of the other items that we ordered.  Also, I didn't really like the seafood gumbo compared to the other gumbos I've tried around New Orleans.  If anything, the chicken at Coop's was best.  All in all, I was satisfied and the price was very reasonable.  +3.5Note: it's very small and get gets pretty crowded, prepare to share a table with a bunch of strangers.  It's okay though, you might meet a new friend.I came here when I was visiting my girlfriend in New Orleans.  She told me that this place is known for its jambalaya and that we should go.  So we did.  The place was packed and service was pretty non-existant.  We had enough trouble getting a seat for two people... you definitely do not want to bring in a crowd here.  However, the food was great!  We got the Coop's Tasting Plate and thought that the jambalaya and the fried chicken were the best parts.  The fried chicken could have been one of the best fried chickens I've ever had.  I'd say it's worth a visit.My disclaimer is that I have no previous knowledge about what makes "good" gumbo or jambalaya. I did know that we needed to try both and with limited time in the day and space in the gut, I conducted some quick research and Coop's kept appearing.In the middle of the afternoon we walked into the bar/restaurant and chose a seat at the bar. A Jagermeister shot machine and a serious bartendress summed up my suspicion that Coop's was a dive. I was instantly in love. We settled in with our bottles of Abita and took in the scene of a half dozen regulars. A guy came in with what appeared to be a face that had been on the losing end of a serious fight and chatted with the bartendress about how his face had become to look how it did. It turns out he's a nighttime cook at Coop's and was trying to retrace his alcohol induced black out evening to figure out who had pummeled his face. Yep, Coop's is the real deal. Our seafood gumbo came to us with big pieces of okra, green beans, shrimp and crawfish and the jambalaya was rabbit meat-based. Both were wonderfully seasoned and a perfect introduction to "good" Cajun food. It would be really easy to laze the afternoon away at Coop's being entertained by the bar regulars' stories whilst sipping on Abita and noshing on gumbo. Alas, we left after our snack and set out to continue our NOLA eating adventure.Coops is pretty sweet. Cheap good beer and some great food. I'd definitely recommend the lamb rib appetizer. One of the bartenders in the old absinthe house recommended them and they were cheap and delicious. Their rabbit jambalaya was flavorful as was their gumbo.The only thing that really let me down was the red beans and rice. They just tasted super bland and if you took a bit unfortunate enough to not have a scallion in it you might as well have been eating baby food. But don't let that stop you, everything else was great so it's def worth your timeI am still sitting in the restaurant as I Yelp...this ish is amazing.  Best fried okra I've come across in years, fettucine Alfredo so good it disappeared in 5 minutes (yes I know it's not authentic pasta but who cares??), legit fried chicken, and empty plates all around (blackened redfish x2 all eaten).Super laid back, dive bar atmosphere with serious Southern food. And my eating mates made fun of me for ordering 2 apps and 3 chicken legs...Redemption. Is. Mine.PS we got drinks for the road and 4 comped tequila shots. Heart.PPS the ladies here are best in class. It's 4 hours later since I wrote and we are still sitting here...the ladies behind the bar took shots w us and comped us about a billion. Awesome spot to celebrate, relax, and meet new friends :)If you want to get a taste of really good local food, get Coop's taste plate which includes:- Seafood Gumbo = the best gumbo I've tried with a little crab leg and all- Shrimp Creole = perfectly seasoned and loved the stewed tomatoes- Cajun Fried Chicken = batter gave the chicken an airy crunch and was not overly salty - Red Beans & Rice with Sausage = overall warm satisfaction with the beans and rice - Rabbit & Sausage Jambalaya = i felt a bit guilty eating rabbit but the jambalaya was my favorite part of the dish! the meat, rice and seasonings all came together very nicelyLoved the delicious food, attentive service and the dive-y atmosphere of Coop's. I will definitely be returning here on my next visit!I'm a fan of hole in the wall places as sometimes you can find outstanding food.  However, Coop was a real disappointment.We waited in line for about 30 minutes and were promptly seated when a table had opened up.  Our drink order came out pretty fast, so we thought the service can't be that bad here.  We were wrong.  After placing our order, we waited at least 40 minutes for our gumbo soup to arrive.  What annoyed us was that we saw a large party who was seated 25 minutes after us receive their entrees.  Either their order was placed ahead of ours or they forgot about us.  And to add insult, the servers didn't even bother bringing us a spoon!  So we ate it like Miso soup.  We each ordered the Coop plate that is a sampler of the jambalaya, fried chicken, red beans, and shrimp creole.  The fried chicken was good, but the rest of the items were nothing special.  What really bothered us was the service.  We had an expectation that it wasn't good from reading previous yelp review, but this was horrible.  It took 10 minutes to get our check.  And to the other posters who reviewed the bathroom, it is disgusting.  I can only imagine how they handle their food and dishes if their bathroom is nasty.  While their food may be cheaper than other places, the lack of service and amenities does not make up for the food quality.  It's too bad because I wanted to be a fan of this place, but ended up regretting we had out last meal here.Went around 5:30pm on a Tuesday afternoon, no line, got a seat right away. Toilets are out in the back and kinda gross. The lady serving us was very friendly and the service was fast. She did however forget our order of Abitas but it was promptly brought out when we reminded her. Went out for a smoke while we were waiting and not even a full cigarette later, the lady came out to tell us our food arrived. There's free wi-fi here for those who have out-of-town smart phones. I ordered the fried chicken with red beans and rice. It was delicious! I thought it tasted better than Fiorella's. My bf ordered the chicken as well but with the rabbit jambalaya. I had a taste of it and it was also delicious. Portions are massive! Highly recommended. Note: If you're planning to eat here with people under the age of 21, go somewhere else. They don't let 'minors' in the place.My good friend loves this place so therefore I have eaten almost everything on the menu and I just dont get what the big deal is,its just not that good.  Is it because its a bar that serves a whole menu instead of the usual bar food?   I'll give them that much credit.       But the jambalaya,red beans,gumbo are not good. The meuneire sauce was more like a super spicy bbq sauce. The cooks have missing teeth and look/smell homeless.   The green beans were the only item that stood out.  The duck app,etc so-so.  The prices are touristy. They do serve abita andygator but for $10 and never give me lemon even though I ask everytime. The whole place seems so dingy and unless youre a regular the service is rude.I liked it but can't say I loved it.  We were in a tight, in the quarter, and needed some food late.  Luckily Coop's served the purpose.  The service was slow, but it was busy when we arrived.  We went for the gumbo, a sampler platter, & chicken tchoupitoulas.  The gumbo was just okay, folks raved about it, but I just didn't think it was up to par with the rest I've had in the city (and elsewhere).  The fried chicken was very good (from the sampler platter) but I didn't think it was earth-shattering.The chicken tchoupitoulas was recommended by the chef as he saw us pondering the menu when he walked by.  It was very good....a combination of (a big) chicken breast sauteed with cream sauce topped with shrimp and tasso. Our politeness and patience with the waiter paid-off as he brought us what he called "corporate waste," a big bottle of Abita Abbye Ale.  A very nice gesture that helped the overall meal.  I might return if I'm in the quarter, late, and in a tight...During a long trip looking (mostly unsuccessfully) for great local food, Coop's was a pleasant surprise: they offer a dish with five local specialties, and put it BAM right in the middle of the menu in a nice bold font.  Thank you Coop's!Unfortunately, four of the five items in this meal didn't really do it for those of us who ordered it (which was most of us).  Lots of pepper, not a lot of novelty or richness.  FYI, the winner of the five was the fried chicken.But the saving grace of this place was the witty service from the manager and some killer lamb ribs and a smoked duck quesadilla (holy rich, novel delicious wow!).  Call it 3.49 stars?My college buddies and I had heard so much about Coop's Place that we decided to give it a shot.  Most of us got the tasting plate so we could appreciate the full variety of options.  I'm not sure how to describe what came.  I think eating the dishes separately on their own would have made for a better experience.  The different dishes were all smushed together onto one plate, and so the flavors mingled.  What resulted was a spicy dish with no distinguishable flavor.  The beer selections were pretty awesome, and the waitstaff was courteous.  It seems like a nice bar, where you can also have some decent food.  That's the most I can say.Long, long, long wait.By the time we sat down to eat, I was so tired after a day of walking in the hot sun, and drinking.My food was delicious, but I don't remember much else.I'm not sure if I'd go back here and wait again.I'm giving Coop's a five for one reason alone. I had the best fried chicken I've eaten in my life there. I was dumbfounded. Each bite of crunchy, juicy, Cajun fried chicken made my mouth have repeated "happy endings"! There was also a rabbit jambalaya that came with it...that I thought was nice.Quite frankly, the service my party got was excellent. We were however, sitting at the bar.Let me put it to you this way folks...if you go to a place called "Coop's" and don't order chicken...you're probably the same person that complains about the chicken at a steak house.I can not say enough about how good the fried chicken is here. I not only bought a T-shirt here, but I plan how I want to traverse through New Orleans only after Coop's is on the list.Try: Hello?Avoid: Coming into this divey joint expecting linen napkinsBEST. PASTA. EVER. Seriously? I am the biggest pasta fan in the universe, & I will drive 2 hours to find the best pasta. I have had zillions of different types of pasta in Georgia, South Korea, New York, D.C., etc. (& the list goes on). But this Cajun Seafood Pasta is the best pasta I have ever tasted. It's full of amazing flavors and full of seafood goodness in a spicy, wonderful alfredo sauce. If you're a fan of spiciness, get the pasta. You will not regret it, I promise. I still think about it every now and then, and I start drooling.Smoked Duck Quesadilla - good, but duck was grounded which I wasn't  a fan of.Rabbit and Sausage Jambalaya - Rabbit was dry, but didn't have a significant taste - tastes like chicken! The sausage was good and was packed with flavor. The jambalaya overall was pretty good.Service here wasn't that great. Our server wasn't very welcoming nor were our waters filled promptly.3.5 Stars and I'm rounding down for a couple of reasons.The food was good here, much better than other places we visited on this trip. I listened to the advice of fellow reviewers and ordered the fried chicken plate that also came with cole slaw and rabbit and sausage jambalaya. I like my jambalaya wet and theirs is fairly dry. Nonetheless, it was tasty, just not the best jambalaya I've had. The fried chicken on the other hand was phenomenal!! (the only other place that had equally delicious chicken was Screen Door in Portland, Oregon).  Service left alot to be desired: 1. We waited for 40 minutes outside. After getting inside, we realized the place was half empty; we also realized they were making people wait possibly to make up appearance, but most likely because there was just ONE GUY running the entire front. This poor fellow was taking orders, making drinks, checking out customers, running around like a chicken with his head cut off. It was like an advanced level of that "Diner Dash" game. Why the hell did the restaurant owners have just one person out front? He was clearly doing his best to keep up with all the patrons but if he had a helper in the front room, we would have ordered food and drinks faster and got checked on a few more times.   2. A blonde woman from the kitchen who dropped off our orders blatantly rolled her eyes at us when we had some confusion over who ordered the dish she was carrying. It was literally a ten second ordeal and it only happened because one of our orders was placed wrong. Nothing gets my blood boiling more than encountering rude service people at restaurants. Leave the effin attitude at home. We all have bad and hectic days at work, regardless of what line of service we are in. Get over it! If you don't like working in the service industry, leave and do something else.Overall, I would come back for the fried chicken again, but they need to make some changes to how they train and schedule their service people.I don't know about Coop's. Been here twice and the first time was really good and the second time, meh. I think they deserve a third chance, but I don't know when that'll be.My first visit was back in August. I was super new here and I already had a friend visit me from out of town. We did the touristy things. Went to cafe du monde, walked around the quarter, etc. And he said he wanted jambalaya, so I looked around on Yelp and we ended up at Coop's.We didn't have to wait at all. Perhaps it was because we got there past dinner time on a Sunday. We immediately got seated at a table and had a server's attention soon after that.We ordered a plate of fried oysters and the taste plate to share as neither of us was very hungry. The food came out quickly and it was tasty. The oysters were good and the taste plate included gumbo, shrimp creole, fried chicken, beans and rice, and jambalaya. I liked that we could try a little bit of everything. As hard as I try to deny it, I was still tourist status at this point, you know. I didn't care too much for the shrimp creole but I liked everything else. I love rabbit and was excited that the jambalaya has rabbit in it. When I left, I knew I was coming back.So I went back when my friend Liz visited me from New York in September. Actually went back twice. We tried to eat there one day and were told to wait outside. When we poked our heads in to evaluate the situation, a server yelled something at us, at which point I said we're leaving. I don't care how bad of a day she was having or how much she hates her job, but a waitress is not supposed to *yell* at customers. We were with my friend Phil, who suggested that we go to Yo Mama's, so we did.I was nice, because I dragged Liz (and another New Yorker, Brandon) back to Decatur the next day so we could eat here. Yes, even after we were yelled at. I still thought the food was worth it. And this time, we had to wait quite a bit, because there was a long-ish line outside. When we got inside, we got seated at the bar, which was no problem. She ordered fried chicken, Brandon got the beans and rice, and I got the jambalaya supreme, (which was probably silly because the fried chicken comes with the jambalaya but I was so sold on their jambalaya from my previous visit). We also got a bowl of gumbo to share.Food came out and we enjoyed everything for the most part. The chicken was great, like the last time. I thought the gumbo and beans and rice tasted decent, but the jambalaya was not very good. I don't know if it was just that night or if it was me, but it did not taste as good as what I remembered, so I was slightly disappointed.I'm willing to give this place another try, but I don't think I'll wait in line to do so. And if another server yelled at me, then I'd never go back.This place was so delicious we came back twice while we were in new orleans.the Staff was really nice.Recommend:the Friend chicken is really good and i usually don't like friend chicken, but something about how this was made that made it taste hella bombThe rabbit was also a really good add to this dish and tasted bomb too.definitely swing by and grab some chicken!My husband and I stopped in here for lunch. We split Coop's Tasting plate: A cup of Seafood Gumbo, Shrimp Creole, Cajun Fried Chicken, Red Beans & Rice with Sausage, and Rabbit & Sausage Jambalaya. We also ordered an extra seafood gumbo for me to eat.Pro:-serve was super fast- the fried chicken was amazing!!! So moist and tasty-food was cheap and decentCons:- would of rather had my seafood gumbo before the tasting plate came out- very small bathroomI also want to state that I had decent service. No attitude from my waitressOur tour guide pointed out this place when we were going around the city and we decided to come back here for a meal.Turns out to be a total dive bar but with very good food. We had the sausage with rice and green beans with bacon. It was yummy and the latter was very spicy.I love Coop's Place.  We were there twice during our stay.  Coop's plate is a good thing to order if you've never been there before.  I love their fried chicken.  The gumbo and jambalaya was good as well.  Drinks are strong and service is nice.You have to be at least 21 to enter the place.For my last meal in new Orleans, I decided to check online to see if I could get my jambalaya fix somewhere in downtown. As I was researching, I stumbled across Coops. I checked out the menu and decided I needed to give it a shot. As I waited in line to get in (always a good sign), I decided I was going to try the sampler platter so I could experience all the classic new Orleans dishes before I left. The sampler came with a cup of seafood gumbo which was really tasty, fried chicken which was excellent, red beans and rice which were surprisingly flavorful, shrimp creole which was good but a little too tomatoey for me, and the jambalaya that was out of this world. I would definitely go for the gumbo and jambalaya again the next time around but everything was super delicious, the service was prompt and friendly, and the atmosphere was rustic and welcoming. It was a great cap to a great week in new Orleans and I will definitely be coming back the next time I'm in town.I ordered the fried chicken and rabbit jambalaya. The fried chicken was good. The chicken was moist and it was fried nicely. It wasn't oily either. The rabbit jambalaya was pretty good. We also ordered the crab stuffed jalapenos, and those were good! Normally, jalapeno poppers are never really spicy but these had a nice fresh kick. Don't get all the bad reviews... we came in on Mardi Gras, and yes it was busy but service wasn't lacking. My friend enjoyed her seafood pasta too... it was overloaded with seafood.As a bar I would give Coop's 4 stars and as a restaurant I would rate it 1-2 stars.It's a dive-type place in the French Quarter which I really liked. The lady running the place had a personality and a bit of an attitude, which I liked but others may not. The drinks and food are cheap compared to other places in the area.Unfortunately the mixed drinks we ordered were not very good and the food was the most bland that I had in all of New Orleans. Everyone at our table got the Taste Plate that comes with Seafood Gumbo, Shrimp Creole, Cajun Fried Chicken, Red Beans & Rice with Sausage, and Rabbit & Sausage Jambalaya. The fried chicken was good and wished I had just ordered that alone. The red beans & rice were not good and I only ate half of them. The shrimp creole had one single piece of shrimp in it. The gumbo and jambalaya were just okay. At least the prices were good.I would recommend coming here for the bar if you want a few drinks in a dive but not to eat dinner here - or just get the fried chicken.Jambalaya is perfect really incredible.  Big pieces of sausage and chicken with a rich flavor and a complementary sauce.  The gumbo is bad.  Because of oral surgery I have had lots of gumbo this week.  Theirs lacks flavor and shrimp.  They have crab bodies with shells on them in the gumbo?The shrimp Po boy is average.  The bread pudding looks great.  Will try next timeOur flight landed about 11PM on a Friday night.  We were saving our stomach to go straight to Coop's after we checked in.  After a 15min walk in the most humid weather ever... we arrive at Coop's at 1AM and when we walked in the waitress said sorry we are closed.  We had the most dumbfounded look b/c it states that they close at 4AM on weekends.  We walked outside to figure what happened and saw a sign that shows the new business hours.  Closes at 1AM on weekends now.Anyways!  We decided to go back for lunch the next day at about 2PM and there was no wait (super surprised since we had 8 ppl).  I had the Rabbit & sausage jambalaya.  It was tasty but nothing too wow.  I tried a piece of my friend's fried chicken and that was seasoned so well but the skin was crispy.  Not sure b/c if it' was sitting over the rice or what.. but not crispy.I didn't loveeee Coop's but a few other people in my group did.Great spot for a late-night meal. We stopped in after getting back from a night swamp tour, and the place was still hoppin', but not overly crowded. The fried chicken and jambalaya was delicious, so were the red beans & rice. The atmosphere is super casual to the point of being somewhat raunchy, but in a good way. Our waitress was a riot.Definitely stop here if you're out late and hungry in New Orleans.This place screams urban dive bar done right.  Although there was a short line and a wait of about 15 minutes, it moved fast.  The inside is all bar with tiny tables surrounding the bar, and a few larger group tables in the back.  Best for groups of 2-4 people but they can accomodate more.I ordered the Chicken Tchopitoulias...phenomenal dish!!  It is a sauteed chicken breast topped with creole cream sauce which has bits of smoky pork and shrimp in it.  It's served over a bed of white rice, and features sauteed green beans on the side.  You won't be disappointed ordering this dish, or one of their many other specialities.What an awesome find! Our tour guide Charles sent us here.At first glance Coops looks abrasive inside, but don't let that fool you. The fact is the delicious smells will probably lure you in regardless!We had the marinated crab claws which were fantastic, I had never had them this way and took a to go box to snack on at the airport.The cajun green beans were delicious and I am in dire need to replicate that recipe.My husband ate the rabbit gumbo and said it was the very best he ever had. Service was a little off, hence the 4 stars but I think it was because the saints game was on. So I'll be back to see if we can go for 5!Best fried chicken I've had in a long time! My wife and I split the taste plate for a little bit of everything and it was all delicious. The red beans and rice and jambalaya were to die for.  I wasn't impressed with the gumbo, but I'm very picky about my roux...The place is very small, so be prepared to wait...but it's worth it!Pretty good once you get service.  Service is not something that they pride themselves on and the more annoyed you get, the slower they will serve you. The food is pretty good and decent size portions. Definitely flavorful. However, I highly advise you not to use their restroom.  Think....Trainspotting... "The worst toilet in Scotland..." Looks EXACTLY like that.  So food is good, crappy service, sub par amenities, but worth it if you can look past those few things.Loved everything we ordered.  Warning:  portions are large and can be easily shared amongst 2 people (some dishes can feed 4).  We had the absolute best shrimp & crawfish etoufee I've ever had!  Would highly recommend it!  We also had the seafood gumbo, stuffed jalapeños, a seafood tasters platter (HUGE), and the oyster omelette.  Everything was good and there was no disappointment.  Bloody mary was delish as well with cajun pickled green beans as a garnish.  The atmosphere is a bit divey and small.  There is often a line.  The waitresses can be "snarky", but I would go again just for the etoufee, it was that good.I had always heard about coming to Coops, and although it is near Bourbon Street and people always claim there isn't really any good food on Bourbon street, Coop's is one of the exceptions, or an outlier as us nerdy grad students would say. It is an outlier for one dish mainly though: their rabbit jambalaya. Mmmm mmm! People told me their fried chicken here was their best dish, but I have to say that their jambalaya should be the reason people come here. Matt J. and I had trouble sharing it and wish we had gotten more than just a side of it with our chicken! We got some of their seafood gumbo which came with some mini crab legs in it and whatnot, and that also was pretty good (not the most beautiful thing to look at though ha) and the service sitting at the bar was just great. You can tell this place is a no frills kind of joint which I love (although their bathroom needs some serious help! dead cockroaches and water all over the place, pieces of cardboard to help keep people from slipping...ha ha). And this is one of those places you can tell locals come to as well.They have local beer and a full bar here which is awesome too. And we managed to meet a pretty awesome couple sitting at the bar here and ended up hanging out with them all night too. Coop's you are my kind of spot.This place like any restaurant in the Quarter is pretty freaking awesome. Of course everything is fried, and the place is VERY ghetto looking with matching waitstaff but the food was great. I guess anything deep fried would be considered delicious. Their jambalaya and dirty rice was pretty incredible though. Their drinks are expensive and tiny so you should opt to get a hand grenade or a hurricane elsewhere.DO NOT go here for the service - go here for the unbelievably tasty vittles. I don't know how long it took for the one waiter to notice that we were there, but it was a long time... Oh well, the fried chicken is excellent, and my husband and I agree that the jambalaya is the best we've ever had. This is not a place to run in, grab a bite, and run out. Things move more slowly here, so don't be in a hurry. Definitely seems like a popular spot for locals, but tourists deserve good food too, right?! We will definitely be back. I can't stop thinking about the jambalaya...Disappointing. One of the few places in the Quarter (that is Gallitories or Brennans) that I'd actually eat at... Once upon a time. I can get into the gross bar, nasty bathroom, open kitchen thing- if the food is delicious. Recently, not so much. The alfredo was runny, like a soup- and the crab poppers were bland. Drink kept running dry, and the jambalaya was sticky. Please, Coop's! Make a comeback!I have visited NOLA multiple times and always segregate myself in the French Quarter.  We were suggested Coop's by another restaurant owner who was closed one day while wandering around the French Quarter.  Now Coop's is on my list of have-to-dos when I am in NOLA.  The location is a bit away from the major tourist area of Jackson Square and the block-long lines created by Café Du Monde, which is nice.  Coop's is a hole in the wall bar that has amazing Creole food!  You have to order the crab stuffed jalapenos, they are so different and just tasty.  The jambalaya is great; just remember it takes time to make so it isn't ready right when they open.  I usually get the Pasta Rosa and split it with whomever I am with.  It is rich, but not overdone. Also, the place is small, as in maybe 10 tables and a bar, so getting a seat can be a problem.  When I have been there, we have paired up with other couples waiting when large tables have opened and shared (seems wrong to take a 6 person table for 2 people).  Sometimes enjoying the company of total strangers is just part of the experience! PS: They also have Barq's in glass bottles, Yum!Our first night in town, we met up with a friend who lives in New Orleans. Coop's is her local. Upon stepping into the darkish room, it was obvious that this is the local for many.Sort of a bar with good eats, Coop's served up a warm welcome with their beer.The jambalaya, étouffée, and the Cajun stuffed peppers were just what we needed after stepping off a long plane ride. The beer also helped tame the jet lag.Step away from the hustle and bustle, escape the tourists, and grab a cold one here. You'll feel right At home at Coop's Place.I love the yelp description---ambience:  "dive-y" which is exactly what it was!  A real find in New Orleans which is why we showed up to find a lengthy line outside of Coop's Place.  The guy in the window from the bar next door assured us it was worth the wait and with a few food recommendations from him, we snuggled into our place in line....40 minutes later...We settle into the bar for dinner.  My buds went for the TASTE PLATTER and I went for the CAJUN FRIED CHICKEN.  Definitely go for the 3 piece as it is less than a dollar more.  The cajun spices were sizzling and it paired well with the rabbit and sausage jumbalaya and the coleslaw.  Definitely go for this dish!  Try as I might, I could only finish 1/3 of it all....3 hours later...I settle into my comfy hotel bed to enjoy one of the most delicious midnight snacks ever.  Good night.This section of New Orleans houses my favorite things so I was psyched when 2 locales recommended getting Cajun food here. We both got the blackend red fish and it was excellent. The charred skin was tender and moist and the spice rub was flavorful. My mint julep was OK though I thought it tasted more like a mojito. tip: On your way to the restroom, check out the kitchen. It's an outside grill in the backyard.Funny sassy service, some decent food on the menu, and nice beer selection.Tried both the Red Fish and the Fried Chicken, both were really good and reasonably priced. The Red Fish had a lovely buttery taste, and the Fried Chicken had a really nice crispy exterior. I wasn't mad keen on their jambalaya, but maybe I'm not a jambalaya connoisseur.  I tried the sandwiches on another trip which I thought were rather plain and dry, and french fries were a bit soggy and flacidMake sure you try the Abita Abbey Ale, it's a wee bit dear here at $10 a bottle, but it's a nice local version of a Belgium Abbey Ale and has a real cat. Watch out for the kitty if you sit by the window.Small place, and there's no line or hostess to seat you, so be prepared to wait. Luckily, my brother and I scored 2 seats at the bar. We both opted for the tasting plate, which came with a LOT of food: a cup of seafood gumbo, fried chicken wing, jambalaya, shrimp creole, and red beans. By far, the gumbo was my favorite. Much tastier than the one I had the previous night at Acme Oyster House. This one had great flavor and a nice kick to it. The jambalaya was delicious, good mix of proteins, though I found the rice to be a tad mushy. The fried chicken was good and not greasy. The bartenders were nice, but definitely not what you would call in your face attentive, which suited me just fine.This was my first real sit down meal in NOLA.  Like most places, there is a slight wait, but it really wasnt that bad.  We were seated within about 15 minutes on a busy Thursday night.  The gumbo and jambalaya were decent, but did not really stand out.  Their fried chicken, however, makes up where the other dishes lacked.  This has to be the juiciest fried chicken that I have ever had.  DELICIOUS.  I also tried etouffee for the first time and it I loved it.  Throughout the rest of my trip I tried etouffee at other places, but I like Coop's version.  It has a nice spiciness to it.  In sum, FRIED CHICKEN AND ETOUFFEE!I know everyone's been raving about this but it's definitely a must-get: the rabbit jambalaya! Not-so-great service and not exactly where you'd take your parents for lunch or dinner but the food is authentic and the servings are generous!Coop's Place is one of the tiny little restaurants in New Orleans that you would walk by and probably not really think about going in and finding amazing food. To that I would say, think again.We waited in line for about 20 minutes and then sat at the bar. The bartenders will have a shot with you, how cool is that?We started with Red Beans rice and the Rabbit and Sausage Jambalaya. Hubby says the red beans and rice were "good" which is a big deal as it is about as much of a compliment as any dish or establishment will get from him. The jambalaya was sweet and spicy and different and delicious. The portion size was perfect.For the entreés, we had the fried chicken with fries and chicken tsoupitoulas (don't get me lying on the spelling now) and wow, it was great. The chicken was juicy, spicy, well-seasoned, and perfectly fried. Hubby tells everyone about that chicken, and again, he's not one to reap tons of praise on food. He says, "There's always room for improvement," and rarely gives 5 stars to any dish or establishment. The chicken dish is served with homemade tasso that is to die for and truly made the dish. The cream sauce was a bit runny but all is forgiven with that tasso combined with the shrimp in that sauce. I would eat that tasso again and again.The decor is more like a dive bar and it is not the place to take a large group unless you are willing to possibly wait a bit for enough tables together. On my next trip to New Orleans I will definitely consider going back to Coop's place. Yelpers definitely steered me right on this spot.Ordered a shrimp poboy and it was very good. Lots of fried shrimp well seasoned. I wish there had been a sauce that came with the sandwich. I ended up using mayo that was on the table. The french fries which cost extra were bad. The fries that were not burnt were soggy. One of the better places in the french quarter.Don't tell Monica's mother we ate rabbit. That said, rabbit was only one single ingredient in the absolute beast that was Coop's jambalaya. Tomatoes, onion, bell pepper, rabbit, sausage; we got the bigger size, so it came with shrimp and tasso too. Party in our mouths. A great dish from an unassuming place.We also got fried crab claws, which were delicious (but that's true of anything fried). I'd never considered deep frying them before, but clearly I had been missing out.This is my kind of restaurant, a great find in the touristy stretch! The fried chicken is great, the bacon green beans to die for but the coup de grâce is the rabbit & sausage jambalaya! Service is spotty, but friendly and the cocktails (sazarac & mint julips!) are strong as hell! They even have a sweet kitty that lives on site.Be prepared to wait because it's no secret you get huge portions for an inexpensive deal!Coops came highly recommended for it's creole and cajun fare.  The bartender was efficient and friendly, not overly so, but not bristly either.  Old Kung Fu movies played on the TV and a couple of folks were shooting pool.  The atmosphere was chill and inviting enough, the food just wasn't that great.  We ordered the jambalaya, which presented as hunks of meat and crayfish embedded in a mound of gummy rice.  It was full of flavors but the texture was off.  It also gave me heartburn.  The crab stuffed jalapenos were edible but nothing to write home about and after sharing an appetizer, an entree and each enjoying a bottle of beer, our bill came out to a bit over $20, which, we learned, is highway robbery in New Orleans.  Coop's Place just didn't do it for us.  We later got a recommendation to try the Pasta Appaloosas (sp.) we just weren't inclined to give this place another go.Great gumbo.Seems like a local spot from the crowd in there.  Good drinks, great beer choices and friendly staff.Seafood Gumbo!!! I really don't need to say much more but their amazing Creole seafood stew served with rice is the yummiest I've ever had.  Love the salty-attitudes of the waitstaff.NO they DO NOT take reserWe were turned on to Coop's from a waiter at ANOTHER restaurant (which shall remain unnamed), so naturally, we thought this place must be good. We were right. For starters, this place looks like a dive bar that serves food. It just so happens that the food in his particular dive bar is has stepped up another level. I had the fried chicken with red beans and rice. I'm not going to say that it was the best fried chicken, nor the best red beans and rice I had in NOLA, but it was still pretty damn good and worth investigation to judge for yourself. Personally, I love this type of spot - old, rickety door, you have to cross a patio to get to a sketchy restroom, etc... Character and identity, Coop's has established itself as a unique establishment in the French Quarter - a difficult task in a place where you can see every establishment trying to do essentially the same thing - serve New Orleans culture. A definite must do on your NOLA vacation.What I loved about this place:1. Fried chicken!!! So tender, moist and tasty! And yes, I go for the dark meat. =)2. Marinated crab claw is so delicious. 3. Good selection on cider. We all liked Woodchuck's Amber cider. Very easy to drink. I tried the gumbo and jambalaya. They tasted okay to me. Keep in mind that I am not that into the seasonings they put in gumbo or jambalaya. So this is really about personal preferences. I know that my girlfriends really enjoyed them. What you need to know:1. Expect a wait. They don't take names. You just form a line outside the door. They will get you when a table is ready. 2. It's a good place for lunch since it's close by French market and other attractions. A good place to take a break and snack on yummy food.This place is always fun to bring out of town guests.  You can get a variety of Abita beers and get to taste different traditional New Orleans dishes.  Went in for a friend's birthday, got some special treatment, was lots of fun!One of my favorite restaurants in the city. I'm a huge fan of the friend chicken, but I've never had a bad meal here period. Great bloody marys!The fried chicken was delicious, but my Jambalaya was served cold and I experienced the WORST service I've ever had in my life. We sat at the bar and the waitress was extremely rude. It wasn't very busy but we waited forever to get menus, then she waited on another group before us that had just gotten there. Myself and two friends were eating together, she brought us all one check and I only had a card on me. When we asked if we could get the check split she was EXTREMELY RUDE and condescending. She said, "really, you ladies can't do some simple math?" I said it wasn't about that, it was that we didn't all have cash. She spouted off to us, treating us like idiots and REFUSED TO SPLIT THE CHECK! So I had to pay with my card and have my friends pay me cash. Despite the decent food you could not pay me to eat here ever again. I WILL NOT BE BACK!our kayak tour guides recommend coop's place and dropped us off after the tour. they told us if we wanted some real louisiana cooking, coop's was the place to go.we got the smoked duck quesadilla and coop's taste plate = cup of seafood gumbo, Cajun fried chicken, shrimp creole, red beans & rice, rabbit & sausage jambalayamy boyfriend loves gumbo = so he's satisfied.smoked duck quesadilla = great duck to cheese ratio. this was pretty damn tasty. i wish i had one right now.fried chicken = YUUUUUMMMMM. juicy. great flavors. crispy skin. YUMMMMMi like the jambalaya the best out of the remaining dishes. the flavors just spoke to me more. more of a tomato base flavor.note: 21 and up onlyPS...you don't go to a bar like place for service or ambiance. come here for the delicious food.LOVE THESE KIND OF PLACES! visiting nawlins from the bay area and was referred by a local that "this is where i like to eat, this is where the locals go." alright, well i'm down for that! it's a small dive bar spot w/ lots to look at- signs "rebuild or leave," signs letting you know that the bartender is ALWAYS in charge, REAL cat sleeping on the window sill, etc. ordered: oyster/shrimp combo entree w/ side of cole slaw. LOVE the cole slaw. the fried oyster and shrimp were small (docking points here). i was really expecting to see massive oysters!bunky ordered the gumbo which we thought was alright. i'm not a fan of eating small pieces of crab shell (and i don't mean small where you can pick it out, i'm talking about grain of rice small). the mint julip was def on my "nawlins to-do list" and MAN, THAT THING WAS EL-STRONG-O! the waitress was right, you just need one and you are twisted!The gf & I loved our visit here.Rude service, but hey, for some reason it kinda fit the feel of this place so we didn't take it too personally.Delicious food! Reasonable prices.Coulda been a little cleaner, too. Still, this is one place I'd return to next time in N'awlins.Try 'em out! :)This is the place that my wife and I still talk about eating at, 2 years after our last visit to New Orleans.  I can still remember their Jambalaya, and she still pines after the deep fried 'gator.Divey lookin' place, kinda small - but friendly, and very, very yummy food.Went based on the local people suggesting this place to us and the fellow Yelpers...We went on a weekday and it was the lunchtime rush. The lady at the bar was friendly but promptly told us that she was short a person and one of the cooks was in jail, which was a regular occurence she said jokingly....The food was great but I think due to the short staff...was colder than it should have been. This is a total dive bar but the food had really good flavor. I would try it again to see if I get a little better experience.We had the "Taste of New Orleans" and the duck quesadilla. The taste of New Orleans was great and their Fried Chicken and Gumbo were great. The quesadilla was cold but seemed to have good flavor. Props to them for the English Bulldog themed items on the wall and fancy Jukebox too :)My first and thus far only foray into real Louisianna jumbalaya couldn't had played out better had it written it out first.This place sits neatly in the French Quarter and has that "we've been here for a 100 years, we're still open, people like us so eff you we're not changing anything" vibe to it which is awesome.There's even a real live cat just sitting on the window sill mere feet from where people eat.  The waitress will make fun of you if you don't order a drink that can get you drunk and the jumbalaya will make you see God*Big thanks to Coop's for being awesome.*Appearance of God not a guarantee.Food surpassed my expectations - truly amazing grub coming out of this bar kitchen!  We wandered in our last night in town about 5pm, got a table and settled in to sip beers and read the NY Times.  Waitress was a hoot and didn't hurry us along.  For someone who had been working all day, she was surprisingly low key and friendly.I got the blackened redfish and it was truly PERFECT.  I was veg for many years & just started eating fish again, so I'm picky.  And this was amazing.  Only drawback?  Super bland rice.Husband got the sampler platter and was worried it was a 'cop out' but it was great.  Lots of fun tastes and flavors - even the fried chicken was low on grease & high on spice.Yum!  Great way to spend our last night!If you are here for the first time, I would try the sampler plate.  It comes with a leg of fried chicken, rabbit and sausage jambalaya, red beans and rice, shrimp creole, and seafood gumbo.   My boyfriend and I were able to share it.The standout dishes were the fried chicken (best part), and the jambalaya.  The red beans and rice were pretty tasty as well.  The fried chicken was definitely the best I have ever had-- didn't feel like it was over fried, but was still really flavorful and moistly tender.We couldn't tell if the waiters were being extremely rude as a gimmick, if they were bad at making jokes, or were just genuine assholes. But whatever, the food was good enough.Final note-- the women's bathroom was disgusting. There was water all over the floor and was just generally nasty. Try and hold it.Quit thinking about coming here and just do it.Waited outside in the cold for an hour to get in and it was well worth it.  I had the redfish special with some special sauce on it - included shrimp, tomatoes, and chilis.  It was extremely flavorful and the fish was moist and firm.  It was simply spectacular.  Everyone else at the table was similarly impressed with their dishes - fried seafood, fried chicken, pork sandwich, etc.Prices were very reasonable. service was fine, and the food was excellent.  Highly recommended.A friend sent me a long list of recommendations for New Orleans, and this topped the list (perhaps only for alphabetical precedence) as a destination for jambalaya and gumbo. The yelp reviews here also seemed to justify that position. When I finally got here, I found myself horribly disappointed.The space was rather cramped and dirty, and seemed much more of a dive bar than any place you might go for a meal. We ordered the rabbit and sausage jambalaya and seafood gumbo, both of which were served rather cold. The rabbit and sausage jambalaya was okay despite being a little chilled, but the seafood gumbo didn't taste like seafood at all, may not have contained any seafood on our serving, and wasn't even particularly spicy. We did order mint julips with our food, which were really tasted and packed a delightful punch, but that only reinforced how I see this place as  a bar that serves some bar food.Nice dive bar with great food. You might have to stand in line if it is full.The crowd is friendly, lots of local folks. Differently better than the couple of tourist places around there.Wonderful local gem we stumpled upon, thru world of mouth. Great location, right across from French Market. Get there early, because there is not alot of seating, and you have to wait outside the entry door of bar/restaurant for table.  We had lunch there. I had smoked duke quesadilla which was fab, but so rich, I could only eat half.  But, menu if diverse, even by NOLA standards. This is true local favorite. Moderate prices, great food!This place was soooo good, we went twice while there over the weekend :)  They were very busy both times we went.  The bartenders help the waitstaff & did a fine job of getting to us as swiftly as possible.  The cooks deliver your food so they see the smile on your face upon delivery.The first visit I had fried mushrooms with a lovely horseradish sauce & a bowl of jambalaya.  On the second visit I had the cajun pasta & would have to agree with a previous poster that it was the BEST pasta I've ever eaten.  It's an alfredo pasta loaded with oysters, shrimp & crawdads.OH MY GOD! Do not hesitate trying the friend chicken here! Deliciously unique. The batter is spicy and flavorful. The chicken is juicy. My friend and I shared a fried chicken plate and we ate it so quick we had to have another. Red beans and rice, you're oh so nice. Some of the best I have ever had.  We both agreed though the jambalaya was not the best. Maybe that was an off night. It just had a bit too much Tabasco and was a bit overcooked and mushy. We are thinking of dropping by for a little more chicken before we leave and most definitely will visit again.It sucks! It sucks that I can't eat here everyday!Wow that jambalaya supreme is madness. It's a kaleidoscope of flavors in a bowl! Smokey, meaty, tangy and a touch raunchiness, if you know what that tastes like. We also had the fried chicken and ham sausage with bean and rice. Both of them were tasty enough to come back for a follow up visit, but the supreme jambalaya was a true winner.Be prepared to wait in line. Also, I believe they do not allow children at this place, because its an extension of a bar.  Now, there's another reason to add to your kid's list of "why it sucks to be younger than 21."Based on what others have reviewed about, one has to know what to order to have a good time at this place.  So, study up, order correctly and have a blast.I haven't eaten here in years, but whenever I go to New Orleans, this dive is on the top of my list!  I don't think it's on the menu anymore, but their deep-fried alligator was the best.I used to see the Enigma from the Jim Rose Circus playing pool here back in the day...this restaurant was always a great place to see interesting people.Ordered the Jambalaya Supreme and the Gumbo.Jambalaya was way too peppered. Overly spiced. Overly cooked. Maybe they served me mashed potatoes?Gumbo was ok. They did an ok job with that.Place was really loud being as youre sitting around a bar. Not something id do again.Best place we ate in the French Quarter.  The line was long, but the food was hot and fabulous unlike a couple of $30 per plate places we ate there.  The Jumbalaya, Gumbo and red beans and rice are the best I've had.  My wife had the red beans and rice with sausage and it was excellent as well.  A must visit restaurant for sure.Rude service, nasty food. Over the last 12 months the place has crash landed big time.A great place away from the tourists when you want some decent cajun faire.  Lots of fried stuff that tastes the same, but a great smoked duck quesadilla, a nice blackened fish, and some flavorful gumbo, albeit a little thin.  It's just a good place to go away from the wildness, where the food is fairly priced and good enough not to be disappointed.Fun - divey atmosphere.  Asked the hotel for a restaurant where the food was good and the locals would eat.  She recommended Coop's.  Loved it - went with friends.  The sampler is the best - sampling a variety of creole/cajun foods.As long as you are out for a leisurely dinner, this is the place to go.We had been here on a prior trip and really enjoyed it so we decided to take some friends this time.  We stopped in around 2:30pm for a late lunch and they had a line out the door, it was about a 30 min wait.  Once we were seated it took 15 min for anyone to come to the table and he just dropped off some water and menus.  It took another 10 or 15 min for the server to come back for the order so we ordered everything at the same time since we didnt know when we would see him again.  We ordered the duck quesidilla for an appetizer and plates of Jambalya, Fried Chicken, and Red Beans & Rice for the table to share.  The Jambalaya was pretty good but it came only luke warm, it had a good amount of sausage and meat and was moderatly spicy.  The fried chicken was really good, crispy skin with moist meat.  The Red Beans & Rice was probably the favorite of the table.  It was a generous portion and was very tasty, lot of meat in the sauce and just the right spice level.  All agreed we would probably order this next time.Awesome jambalaya with rabbit and sausage, really good French Onion Soup. I tried a little bit of my friend's fried chicken and it was out of this world. The waiter was so rude as to be almost charming and the atmosphere was dark, dingy and wonderful.Edit: On my second trip here, I tried the special mint julep, which was almost pure bourbon with some mint in it. I had to add water and ice from my water glass to make it drinkable, but man did it start the night off right.My sweetie and I were on the hunt for Alligator bites down here on his first visit to the big easy...We searched long and hard, then BEHOLD! COOPS PLACE (I was like, there is a Alligator on the sign in this place in the FQ, I always forget what it's called, but it is sooo goood). I remembered this being the first place I had ever tried these delicate bites... We popped in, excited!Well, I scanned the menu a few times, and did not see them... Perhaps you had to be a local at this point to partake in the delicious bites? No. The waiter told us sadly, that they had not been offering them since Katrina (Expense and lots of prep time). Bummer.Not to be disappointed, we stayed and had fried crawfish for a app, then friend chicken with Rabbit Jamabalaya for dinner...YUM YUM. Deliciously spiced, heaps of food, and I love that many people in the place were singing along every word to the songs bumping on the jukebox.I think I had a fried overdose. Living in the SF Bay, I hardly ever indulge in this manner.Cozy = *****Uniqueness = ****Food Quality = *****Do it!--kpAfter a long, informative and very warm historical walking tour of downtown New Orleans, my girls and I were ready for some libations and some grub, and not at some cheesy-ass tourist place. We asked our tour guide for a recommendation, and he sent us over to Coop's. It was a long walk from the other side of the French Quarter, and at moments some of us (who shall remain nameless) indulged in a spot of whining and mild despair, but boy, oh boy, was it worth it!Coop's is a cool, dark, no-frills bar with kick-ass food and ice cold beer, including several varieties of Abita. Their fried shrimp po' boy rocked my world, especially when I paired it with their excellent house-made cole slaw, oozing with mayonnaise-y goodness. Service isn't fast but it's friendly.Quite possibly the best bar food I've ever had!One less star only because my husband's rice and beans were watered down, but everything else was stupid good. Like the cajun fried chicken - it almost looks burnt, but it's not. That's all the delicious flavor. It came with the best jambalaya I've ever tasted, with rabbit and sausage.  Not that I have too many frame of references, but I still think you should take my word for it.Then there's the smoked duck quesadilla, which you have to get.  It's completely mandatory, so wait before you start filling up on beer. The sauce is amazing, and the salsa is fresh with big, crisp slices of jalapenos. It'll make you want to come back...I would go there right now if I could.  Best part is, the prices won't break your budget, and it's not retardedly crowded since it's far, far away from the hustle and bustle of tourists (*ahem* like us) roaming Bourbon.Yes, jambalayaYes, cheap drinksYes, two adorable house bulldogsNo, Fish Meuniere - sauce was too heavy and sweetAh, what a find.  The fried chicken is fantastic and the jambalaya is pretty great too.  The duck quesedilla is surprisingly good and comes on a plate drenched with some kind of amazing sweet butter sauce or something (I don't know what it is exactly, but it's seriously delicious).  Also, I don't think Irish coffee is on their menu, but they said they could make one, so I ordered one (sometimes you need an alcoholic pick-me-up at the beginning of the evening), and I wasn't expecting much, but it was incredibly good.  Also, it's pretty random, but of all places, this is one of the few restaurants in New Orleans that acknowledges the existence of vegetarians (they have a gardenburger and some tasty fried mushrooms on the menu). Minus one star for the fact that I always encounter surly waiters and bar-staff, and the fact that the last time I was there, they ran out of fried chicken (which nearly made me cry).I was in town on business. Hit up yelp on my iphone and saw that Coop's place was highly reviewed. When we got there, it was a bit crowded but there was 3 seats left at the bar area. My coworkers and I sat down and ordered up some beers and food.Food came quickly. The gumbo was outstanding. The jambalaya was good too. Beers ran out quickly and the bartender was a bit slow with the second round.Overall, food was good. Atmosphere was what you would expect from the french quarter. Bartender was a bit slow. Can't complain for dinner and a few drinks, under $30 with tip.This place is poppin!!  We were a group of 5, and waited for about 45 minutes to an hour!  i was getting impatient, hoping that Yelpers did not lead me astray.  I told my husband, "This had better be good."  Luckily, the local behind me replied, "O it's worth it."  A good note is that if you go in pairs or trios, the wait time is cut down tremendously because you get to cut the 5-person losers who want to eat together (us) =)I was definitely NOT disappointed.  The dimly lit bar/restaurant had a huge chalk filled board of items to choose from.  Our waitress was  cute and peppy with two long braids like Pippy Long Stocking.   We decided to go family-style so we could sample everything.  We ended up getting seafood gumbo, cajun fried chicken, red beans and rice with sausage, rabbit and sausage jambalaya, blackened redfish, and Chicken Tchoupitoulas.  The cajun fried chicken was mouth-watering, and the BEST fried chicken I have ever tasted.  It was juicy on the inside and fried to crispy perfection on the outside.  The sausage was at least a foot long.  The rabbit and sausage jambalaya was delicious!  The blackened redfish was one of my favorites because it also came with the green beans!  After polishing off every plate that we ordered, we were completely satisfied.  The only thing that could've made this meal even better is if they served bread pudding, but the food was AMAZING even on its own. Not to mention for five people, we spent about $85-100 bucks, a steal for the best food in town!Don't judge a book by it's cover. This is a 100% total dive bar but with great cajun creole food. This place was recommended to me by the owner of a gourmet popsicle shop and her recommendation turned out to be pretty awesome.The seafood gumbo is really terrific. House salad is awesome and they make their own homemade green goddess dressing - which I made me literally want to lick my salad plate. My mom had the blackened redfish which was also really good but I wasn't crazy about the plain white rice it came on top of. I was a little disapointed by the fried crawfish - since it was mostly breading and very little crawfish. I wish I had gotten the crabmeat stuffed jalapenos because I saw the table next to us eating it and it looked so delicious. Can't really speak for the other food...but if you like seafood gumbo, skip the cup and get the bowl!Went here Saturday night after a recommendation from a friend and reading some of the reviews on Yelp. Short line to get in. We waited... about 20 minutes. It's a small place, and it was busy, but the people watching was fun. This was my first adventure with cajun food, and after staring at the menu for a bit, I decided on the rabbit and sausage jambalaya. It was... out of this world. I'm not a big fan of overly spicy food, and this had just the right amount for me. Good sized portion and reasonably priced. It came with a salad, which was fine, but nothing to brag about. Service was ok... nothing to get excited about. He was interested in getting your order and not much of anything else. Salad came without dressing.. I had to ask for it, Other than that, no complaints here. My kind of place... a little dive with lots of character. If I ever make it back to the Big Easy... it's on my list of places to go again.my friends like this place but i thought it was okayI am a fried chicken connoisseur and the fried chicken I ordered tasted like the ones in a supermarket bakeryeverything else was fulfilling but I couldn't help but feel that they were from a can that was home cookedI'm giving this place 4 stars because it was the best food I had on my short visit to New Orleans.  Unfortunately, I've only been once so I am hesitant to give out that 5th star.     First of all, I went in with a a group of four other guys on a Friday afternoon.  There was no wait and the service was good.  They had drink specials because they're in New Orleans, but the jambalaya I ordered at Coop's Place was the best I have ever had.  I ordered a bowl of the Rabbit & Sausage Jambalaya along with a couple of the other guys I was with.  We all made it "Supreme" with shrimp and tasso ham.  Ooo wee... ya'll are gonna love it.  I guarantee.  We were sent to Coop's on a recommendation and I am paying it forward by highly recommending it to anyone who hasn't been.  I wasn't able to make it back to Coop's before flying back home to the ATL, but I will definitely find my way back to Coop's next time I'm in N'awlins for that jammin' jambalaya.This place is super cool, not sure if it's worth the wait I've read about (we got seated right away).Cheap drinks + an awesome menu. I got the Coop's Sampler, would definitely recommend it.The crawfish appetizer was incredibly delicious as well. Would return here in a heartbeat. It's definitely a local's joint.with the oil spill jacking up prices on my favorite things, I wasn't surprized to see the pricetag of my favorite thing at coops go up.  I wasn't expecting the portion to go down, but it did.  BUT, I'm still happy, cause I could never finish the plate by myself.  I shared my redfish tonite with a friend, and crab claws.  YOUR food still rocks.  the last time I was here?  I ended up with leftovers that we carried with us most of the day, only to munch them down much later when drunk... LOL     the jambalaya?  is so worth ordering.  usually I stay away from it, but its really tasty here, smoky goodness.however, the bathroom?  really needs some attention.Its great local food. Not a big place, not fancy, in a bar, staff often backed up, and they frequently gets a line. But I'll go anytime.Cozy dive bar atmosphere with great Cajun food. I have been here on both my visits to New Orleans, having gotten multiple recommendations to visit here both from friends who regularly spends time in the city and from a newer friend who works at one of the top restaurants in the French Quarter. The interior is an awesome dive bar that looks to be mostly authentic, down-home New Orleans with a slight hipster patina on top. Menu is limited, but everything my partner and I had on both visits was excellent. They have a number of standards, including one of the best seafood gumbos in town,  and green beans cooked with bacon and a bit of garlic that are almost like candy, they're so addictive. There are a number of daily specials as well.They have a full bar, with a number of local beers and signature cocktails that lean towards the old-style whisky-based type.The only downside to this restaurant is the wait.  of the interior is relatively small and seating is limited. The staff strongly preferred that people wait outside. The system--if there is one--is rather confusing. You seem to put your name and number in your party in with the host or hostess, who then somehow his track of where you are in the lineup. This leads to a fair amount of anxiety among the potential customers waiting in line, as it's not clear to us how this actually works--yet somehow it more or less does. Service, that would bit chaotic, is very friendly and knowledgeable.Prices were very reasonable and portions generous. Looking forward to my next visit to New Orleans so I can come back here.Vising NOLA for our first time with my girlfriend, we found this place thanks to Yelp and the 500+ reviews.All I have to say is I'm glad I came here for my first lunch. I had one mission when I arrived at the airport: eat good gumbo. After visiting Coop's, mission accomplished! I ordered a bowl of their signature gumbo, at $7 it was worth every penny. It was just the right amount of food that I could chow down with a tall glass of Abita and get right back on the streets for another 3 miles of walking around town... getting drunk ultimately.Try their gumbo, either signature or hare, you will not be disappointed. Also their cheese fries were quite delicious too.Why only 4 stars? The place is so popular you sometimes have to wait forever just to get in. Don't expect this to be a nice sit-down restaurant.. just get what you want, eat it and go. Service may not be at the top of their list, but great food definitely is.I would definitely say that you should read the reviews here to see what other people recommend.  I got the tenderloin and wasn't really impressed.  I should have got the Fried Chicken or Gumbo like my friends had ordered.  Also we tried the appetizer sampler and it was too breaded for my taste.They are a little rude here.  We ordered a salad and it come way after we had finished our meals so we asked the cook to please bring us a small box to put the salad in.  He said no and then just walked away.  We laughed because we thought he was joking, but the box never came so I guess he was serious.Be prepared to wait about 40 minutes, which depending on what you order could be worth it.Came here during Mardi Gras cuz we were starving and it came up on Yelp. Service was quick but I wished he came back more often to refill our tiny water cups. We started with the the crab stuffed jalapenos which were so good! I ordered the seafood pasta which was loaded with seafood and I couldn't finish (which is rare considering how much I could eat). My friend ordered the fried chicken and rabbit jambalaya. She said the fried chicken was good not too oily. I didn't ask about the rabbit jambalaya cuz I'm biased.This is my second time at Coop's.  The food is great! I highly recommend the jambalaya, Cajun chicken, and seafood gumbo. If you're looking for that authentic New Orleans taste, this is one of the few places in the quarter you can get it.  Great service.I didn't even eat here. The service was ridculously RUDE. It started when I attempted to be seated and was told, "go outside and start the line." When I inquired about the wait, "I don't know," the greeting waitress belted. While outside, I was asked, "Move for a second." He drew aline and noted, "respect the line." We moved on down the road at this point. I can spend my money in other placesNo-frills dive bar with solid food. Our server kept it real when answering some of our q's regarding their menu. Loved her honesty. Cheap but strong drinks. Music kept shutting off but I really didn't care because I was too involved with my marinated lamb ribs. Also, their $7 crab claws are a freakin steal so make sure to order those as well. Went on a rainy Friday night and luckily we were able to be seated right away.Came in at 1:30, a good crowd and great music. Out of fried chicken, bother!Decided on the red beans and rice, sausage and fried pork chop. Very generous portions.Was in New Orleans looking for awesome food and found it here. Hands down the best meal I have ever had. Coops place is the reason I traveled 1500 miles on a motorcycle.I came here looking for a non touristy restaurant where I could find some real cajun cuisine. I liked the atmosphere a lot, but the food was ok. The jambalaya supreme was ok... the rabbit was too chewy. Red beans and rice with smoked sausage was better.. but nothing was really great enough to write home about. I guess the restaurants in french quarter water down their food for the tourists... so nothing has any real flavor or punch.Service was efficient.Good food at a reasonable price for the French Quarter.  Fun super relaxed atmosphere.  And they're open late, which seems like it would be a no-brainer in NOLA, but it can actually be really hard to find good food after 10 PM.  The Red Beans are great, and you get em with an add on of fried chicken, which is great because their fried chicken is really good.  I had their tasso & crawfish pasta one time and it was also excellent.  I like the jambalaya but it is a little different than the normal style.This place is small so don't expect to be able to walk in with more than 4 and get a table quickly.This place gets pretty busy! We got there for dinner at about 7:30 or so and ended up waiting another 20 or so minutes before we could sit down. The wait was worth it though!I had the Taste Plate: cup of seafood gumbo, shrimp creole, cajun fried chicken, red beans and rice with sausage, and rabbit and sausage jambalaya and a Barq's root beer in a bottle. I had no idea they had Barq's in glass bottles! yay.The gumbo was exceptional. Lots of seafoody goodness in that cup - oyster, shrimp, and a crab claw. Same goes for the rabbit and sausage jambalaya and the fried chicken. Both were really tasty and must be tried. A great blend of flavors on all fronts.The red beans and rice and the shrimp creole were good, but did not stand out for me.It was a large plate of food and we couldn't finish our meals. I gave it the good old college try though and the walk back to the hotel was uncomfortable due to my massively full belly. I'd have to say that the foodbaby in my belly was at full term!Definitely recommended!AWESOME!We got the smoked sausage jambalaya and a cajun shrimp dish.  It was fresh, tasty, not greasy, not doused in salt - in short, perfect.  The server was grumpy and snappish. It's a popular place so it gets noisy. But frankly,  I didn't give a crap.  The food is excellent, the servings are generous, the pricing is reasonable, and I was happy to pay every cent. I'd go again in a heartbeat.Rita: your review was dead on. The servers and bartenders here are assholes. Was here 10  years ago and had a great time every night and even had friend here last year who just as a coincidence said to go back. Got there and waited five minutes for a beer, no glance up from the bartender to say sorry I am busy but I will get to you....finally got a beer and finished it and watched her joke around with the other lazy bartender/waitress while they stocked the cooler. Five minutes passes and still no offer for another beer. Ask for the check....wrong check. Laughs but no apology and gets the new check. There are too many other professional and good waitstaff in New Orleans who work damn hard and are professional and deserve your money. Go elsewhere.....The two women working here should be fired.We read these reviews regarding the place being rude but we went anyway.  Because to be honest, some people on yelp sound whiney.  We went around 830pm.  We were sat right away.  Kind of took some time - like 3 - 5 mins. to get a menu and about 5-10 to order.  But once we ordered everything went smooth.  I mean the place was very busy and it seemed there was only one guy taking orders and he also did his own drink orders from the bar.  I got crabmeat stuffed jalapenos with horseradish sauce.  These were AMAZING!  i think i went wrong here.  I got the shrimp creole.  It was ok, but there was a shit load of stuff in it I had no idea what it was...  Mostly crushed tomatoes, scallions, peppers and some other unidentifiable things but a lot.  I had to hunt for my shrimps and buried below was rice.  My boyfriend not being a seafood/creole fan got a burger.But, looking at other people's orders- a lot of people got the shrimp po'boys and they were LOADED with fried shrimp and they looked amazing.  Actually a lot of the dishes that looked like apps looked good.  Would go back and order something else.Oh and about the service- it was ok.  I mean it wasn't Applebees.  Just guys doing their jobs and doing them quickly while multitasking.Pretty good food. Very good for the price.Had to wait for a table - they had a very unorganized way of waiting for tables. The service was pretty awful - maybe because they are under staffed.This is an amazing hole in the wall joint that isn't touristy, and locals aren't snobby.  The service is great, beer selection is great, prices are great, and the food is even better.  This is the first place I go to eat every time I'm in New Orleans.  Can't go wrong.  If you're looking for some fine fancy dining environment, this isn't it.  This is a casual down to earth place to be.-BWent her on the recommendation of my bartender sister who knows all the great spots to eat in the French Quarter. We had no issues with the waitstaff, although my sister warned us that they are a bit cranky at times.I ordered the Taste Plate/Sampler platter and I loved everything on it. The jambalaya was perfection!Don't let this hole in a wall place fool you.  It may seem dark and grungy but the food is FANTASTIC.  I was visiting NOLA for work and wanted to find some places to get some good Cajun/ Creole food.  After reading the reviews on Yelp, I thought I give this place a shot.  Boy am I glad I did.  The price was right and the food was good.  I ordered the Rabbit and Sausage Jambalaya, but the waitress asked "Do you like seafood?"  I said "definitely," so she recommended instead the Seafood & Rabbit/ Sausage Jambalaya.  I ordered that and a Purple Haze (a locally made beer) to help cool me down from the insane humidity.  I was glad I listened to the waitress because that jambalaya was insanely good.  My whole meal for only $16.  You can't beat that.On a side note though, they don't take bullshit from tourists.  I overheard the table next to me ask the waitress "Do you guys have happy hour here?" She's like "Dude, really?"  It made me laugh.  She told him where he can go to get happy hour. LOL   If I think back their drinks weren't that expensive.  They were cheap..  My beer was only $3.50.  You can't beat that.I still don't understand how most places shut down before 9pm in New Orleans (With the exception of Bourbon St.)After walking blocks upon blocks in the maze that is the French Quarter... we were on the edge of giving up and going to resort to eating beignets at Cafe du Monde for dinner when we turned the corner and found this little joint!We walked up to the menu and saw that they served food until late... major score!!Upon walking in the place is dimly lit with dark wood tables throughout. I spotted a lot of locals getting their brew on. Cool place. There were 4 of us and were standing to wait for a table but then a rugged guy who looks like he hunts gators in the back country spots us and let us know that him and his wife would move over to a two person table so we can have theirs. The four of us stood speechless because this would NEVER EVER in a million years happen in California. Wow. Welcome to some Southern Hospitality!! We ordered the jambalaya, creole shrimp, gumbo, and fried chicken.The food was outstanding and although I can't eat spicy food without liquid coming out of my eyes and nose... I took a chance because I HAD to eat creole food at least once in my life! The jambalaya was incredible... I think I used about 10 napkins 5 to wipe my face from the sweat... and 5 to wipe my nose and eyes....but it was sooo good I didn't want to stop eating it!!! Definitely would drop by this place more often if I lived here....My Coop's  experience merited a solid 3.5 stars, but if I went back and got the right things, I think it would be a definite 4.We got the sampler platter that came with seafood gumbo, fried chicken, jambalaya, red beans & rice, and some other tomato thing. We also got the pasta jamblaya, which was SO GOOD I COULDNT STOP EATING IT.The chicken was excellent and so was the pasta, and if I went back, those are what i would get. The chicken was crispy and juicy, and the pasta had Coop's home-made tasso (smoked pork), sausage, and shrimp. Delicious!The combination of location, price, taste and service is why I love this place.  The food is really good, not the best, but really good.  The location in the Quarter makes this place and easy place to find.The service isn't the best but you are in NOLA you don't have anywhere to be.  You can get a great meal for under $15 depending on if you are drinking or not.We stopped in for lunch here based on the recommendation of a local bar patron we had met the day earlier. He was not wrong. We were also warned that if we go there for dinner there would be a line. I could see why. It was a pretty small place, only a few tables. It is right down in French Quarter, very walkable to most tourist areas. There are a few dishes that one really should try to eat while in New Orleans, this place has 'em.Luckily we stopped in during lunch and were able to snag a table. My husband and I split an order of the crawfish etouffe. It was really outstanding, and traditional NOLA cooking. The serving sizes are huge, so the split entree is definitely the way to go here, unless you are just a big eater. Our friends got the jumbalaya. The jumbalaya was packed with all kinds of seafood, and andoulle sausage. If you are looking for authentic cooking this is your place. It's got great food and a saw-dust-on-the-floor atmosphere. Prices are very reasonable as well.FRIED Chicken might possibly be the best friend chicken I've had ever! Jambalaya, gumbo, and the rice were also very good! Seems like a hole in the wall place but don't be fooled!When I first went to Coops it was great but now the curse of the tourist trap has infected another fine establishment. Its so hard for some of these French Quarter restaurants to resist the temptation of robbing people. They have gone way up in price and the quality of the food has gone down. The only thing I see edible on the menu is the Jambalaya which is still good. The chicken is mass fried to keep up with the big crowds so its gone down. Overall its another place that has gotten to big for its britches and now is a tourist trap, locals beware.Here's the deal -- this place looks like a dive bar, and it doesn't pretend to be a five-star restaurant. Service could be better (i.e. frequency of drink refills, etc. -- the servers were very nice), but I'm not one to weight service too heavily in my ratings, because the food is really all I care about. With that being said, the jambalaya supreme was an interesting and very tasty twist on a dish I've had 100 times before. My friends had the fried chicken, which was pretty good (I'm a huge fried chicken snob). I'd go here again, but I wouldn't wait 45 minutes to an hour for a table.This place is amazing! The jambalaya is delicious and the salads are fresh! The beer was great as well! Highly recommend this place!If I had found Coop's first, I would not have gone anywhere else for the rest of my trip.If you want a plate full of "fried" this is for you! Four of us were there on Saturday night around 9pm and had to wait about an hour. During our stay in NOLA we had heard amazing reviews of Coops Place so waiting in line was no bother. We did, however, share our table with four stuffy sorority girls which may have killed our experience at Coops. Just say no tourists carrying around their souvenir plastic cups with scowling faces!!I had fried oysters and mushrooms which gave me a stomachache  but my friends all enjoyed their meals immensely. In fact, one of my friends ordered a rice and sausage dish but couldnt finish it so she got a doggy bag. That doggy bag proudly went out with us for the rest of the night and she finished her meal the next morning. Apparently, it was some of the best sausage she had ever tasted. Another friend ordered the fried chicken and ate every last bit of it! Portions are generous and the pricing is right! It is divey. Unpretentious. There is even a house-cat who has a bed in the window.  This isnt some high-class joint so if you lower your expectations you will do just fine.Wow Wow WowMy friend and I walked in there on a rainy day and didn't expect such a delicious meal. This place is not the nicest place and it smells like urinate. (one star deducted)We were originally searching for fried chicken and I read about Coop's on my iPhone Yelp app. At last we ended up getting Fried Seafood Platter and Blackened Red Fish, both were simply amazing!It was my first time having Blackened Red Fish and it tasted really good! The waiter later explained Blackened Red Fish is difficult to cook and many restaurants don't do it right and overcook it. But anyway, I love it a lot. The Fried Seafood Platter was nicely done but not as amazing as the Blackened Fish.One more thing - Great service, highly recommended.I got the Coop's Taste Plate here.  The beans and rice were just OK.  The gumbo pretty decent.  I did think the rabbit and sausage jambalaya was OK, but didn't like the fried chicken.I think if you're not a fan of jamalaya and gumbo, you may want to try out a different dish.  :)  I think I had a mediocre experience as I am generally not a huge fan of them.  I wanted to try it out though, and I dont think I was all that disappointed.  I just wasn't very impressed, and would likely try something else if I ever went back.Hmmm....the tourist dilemma.  There is always a debate about whether it is a good or bad thing if a place has a large tourist crowd.  I was indeed a tourist and went there thanks to the suggestion in the Lonely Planet Book on New Orleans.  Nonetheless an institution is indeed an institution and so my friend and I went to check it out.The place is small and has a bar smack-dab in the middle of it all.  The service was quick and not particularly friendly, but the atmosphere far made up for it.  It was cozy and the smell of delicious food  wafting in the air.I had the rabbit and sausage jambalaya while my friend had the gumbo.  The jambalaya was excellent and what made it particularly stand out was the sausage.  Probably, hands down, some of the best sausage I've ever had in my life.  My friend, on the other hand, didn't particularly like their dish.  The gumbo was overly spicy and hard for them to eat.Yet despite the gumbo, we enjoyed the experience overall and would recommend this to you!All my favorite NOLA places are typically 4 stars and Coop's is no exception!  Recommended to us by our Alibi bartender, Coops is a cozy, hippy nook on Decatur past Central Grocery.  We weren't sure what to expect but heard the food was excellent and Coop's lived up to that.  My husband and I started with a few brews, he a Belgian Triple and I an Abita Strawberry Wheat (one of my new favs).  An appetizer of all that is good at Coop's, including many different takes on NOLA classics like spicy Red Beans and Rice, tomato based Jambalaya, delicious and moist fried chicken and a tomato mash up that was super flavorful.I could have stopped there, but what the hell, we were in NOLA, land of decadence.  So another beer and dinner ensued. I was torn, a lot of interesting choices, but the redfish meuniere caught my eye.  Served with the best salad (honest) I've had in years thanks to our waiters dressing recommendation ... Some green goodness.  The meuniere did not disappoint - absolutely fabulous. I'm a meuniere snob and I must say, this is the best I've had ... And at the risk of pulling a NOLA faux pas, I will say better than Antoine's and less expensive. Service was phenomenal and our waiter, such a good sport, even posed with our traveling gnome for a snapshot!We'll be back soon Coop's ... Hope others find your hideaway as good as we did :-)EDIT:  We went back in December 2011 and it was like a totally different place!  The RBR had something like...pulled pork in it and was like nothing I'd ever had before, but not in a good way.  Fried chicken was greasy.  I don't know if they were having an off day or what but I probably won't go back to find out.  We went in fully expecting to be treated like crap and/or experience slow service. Thankfully there were no issues. I wouldn't call our waiter nice or friendly but he was also not abusive. We tried the taste plate and my two favorites were the red beans and rice and the fried chicken. The gumbo was ok - nothing wrong with it but not awesome either. Shrimp creole was a bit tomato heavy for my taste but not bad either. The idea of eating rabbits made me sad so I didn't try the jambalaya. The others in my group liked it though and a grilled chicken salad was also enjoyed but part of our group.I keep hearing that the tourists love Coop's and the locals don't but we were first directed here by the guide of a culinary tour on our last visit. This past week we were talking about food with a vendor in Jackson Square and when we mentioned Coop's his response was "hell yeah!". We also overheard some of the staff at Stanley saying positive things so who knows...Awesome Jambalaya! The rabbit and sausage jambalaya is out of this world. My friend had shrimp creole which was great too. The fried chicken - meh, I've eaten better.Beware though, there is usually a little wait. And the servers will not think twice before admonishing you if enter the restaurant without being summoned...First off, they say it's a dive bar, but there were no obvious alcoholics, and anywhere that serves Hendrick's Gin is a bit too high-class for that moniker.That said, the food was very good, and relatively cheap.  I had the Coop's Taste Plate with Jambalaya Supreme, and everything on my plate was the best of whatever it was that I've ever had.  The Jambalaya is truly Supreme.  You're going to want to take some home with you.Drinks are normal priced, and average, but it's not a cocktail place, people.Stumbled past this place while walking around new Orleans and noticed a line out the door, so we knew it must be tasty. We also overheard someone saying this was a place that the locals liked to come to- so we knew we had to try it for sure.Came back the next afternoon and it wasn't too crowded. Ordered beers, yummy fried chicken, and a juicy burger. Very tasty!Didn't order your typical new Orleans fair because we were not in the mood- but looking at other's plates it looked great too.Definitely got the vibe that a lot of locals were in there, but we were still treated kindly and had great service.Fun and tasty place!First stop on our NOLA trip as it was rec by several friends.Would I come back? Yes, BUT ONLY FOR THE FRIED CHICKEN.For the appetizers, we wanted to try the lamb ribs but were told they were out.  So we opted for the gumbo and duck quesadilla -it came with a sweet creamy cheese-type sauce and the usual quesadilla offerings.  The gumbo was hard to swallow...do not try this.  I've been told that for gumbo, "if it tastes like dirty water, it's good" but I wouldn't rec this to anyone.  The quesadilla though was good just not memorable.    We then ordered 2 platters, one that came with a fried chicken drumstick, another with 3 pcs of chicken (I opted for breast meat); our sides were jambalaya, coleslaw and rice and beans.  Trying to be a little more health-conscious, I opted for the white meat 3 pcs of chicken breast-big mistake!!  (wasn't thinking straight, we are on vacation after all! haha).  Dont' get me wrong, the crispy batter was still just as good but the meat lacking in the juiciness that came with the one drumstick we had.  My companion declared that drumstick to be the "best fried chicken I've ever had".Interesting process of lining up outside - do not dare enter until you are summoned!Dark, loud place with very good food. Highly recommend the rabbit jambalaya although all four of us tried different dishes and everyone was happy.You have to be 21 and if you look less than 40 take your ID.Take the short stroll to Frenchman Street and enjoy some great music after dinner and then up to Cafe du Monde for beignets and coffee.This is another restuarant with decent food and budget friendly menu.  We ordered shrimp creole and fried chicken. Both dishes are good and tasty.  The place is kinda small, it has a dive bar feel to it but not in a bad way.  It's away from the main drag but not too far away just a bit down the street from cafe du monde. There are a few newer restaurants in this area, but this is the first time I ever ventured out to this edge of the french quarter.Honestly I can't figure out what the hype is all about. The gumbo was just ok, the sampler platter was a plate of rice with bits of tomato and a couple of shrimp with a tiny fried chicken wing stuck in the middle. My french fries were soggy and limp as well. I've thrown some frozen fries in the oven and gotten better results. The wait staff is rude - I would even go so far as to say Very rude - and the food is subpar. Do yourself a favor and skip the 45 minute wait.I Love Coops, the food is great I highly recommend getting the Jambalaya Supreme.Coop's doesn't really need another review, but I'll toss in my two cents:It's loud. Crowded. A "dive". And delicious. Not for sensitive types or the uptight.Being one of the only truly good low-key spots for local food in the quarter, it does get crowded. If the line outside isn't absurdly long, just get in it and be cool, it's worth the wait. If you're in a hurry go somewhere else. Relax. The staff here are clearly busting ass and dealing with a lot of obnoxious drunk tourists, so show em some respect and you'll be treated well. Act like a turd and yes, they'll probably be ornery and they might even chase you out the door. People are lined up to get in, and yes even locals will happily wait in that line. The food is damn good. With so many places in the quarter you'd think more of them would try a little harder to make REALLY GOOD food like Coop's, but it's mostly average since the tourists don't know any better. There are other hidden treasures in the Quarter, but Coop's is sorta the reigning champ.Not a great place IMO. Way too crowded, noisy and touristy to be an enjoyable night. Unless you are young , pissed and very hungry. The food appears to be mass cooked and served as quickly as possible. We queued for 20 minutes, ate in 25 and the final straw was when my (undeserved)  10% tip was rejected and in its place an ostentatious circling of 'suggested calculations' of 15, 20 and 25% tips . I can do math, I just didn't rate it.. Just not young drunk or hungry enough I guess.Well I was going to eat there but when I walked in a rat was walking out , the hostess yelled at me to have a rat free day !Do yourself a favor and stay away from here. Waiters approach your tables locked and loaded with attitude. My jambalaya came cold, never got my rice and beans, and fried chicken was sub par. Everyone in my group had a similar experience. Next time I'm in the area, I'll take my business to Subway.The crab stuffed Jalapenos are epic!Coop's is a great little hole-in-the-wall type place that's one of my favorite places to eat when I go to NOLA. They have some great menu choices like rabbit jambalaya, seafood pasta with tasso, alligator sausage, duck quesadillas, etc.The place itself is very crowded, dark and small. There's a bar in the middle and you'll have to yell over the crowd but it's a really fun experience. Great food and beer with some lagniappe and a great atmosphere. I've seen some complaints about the wait staff on here but I've never had an issue; in most cases, the waiters are almost overly friendly in their attempt to help out with choices.Overall, an excellent place to go whether you're a local or just visiting!So, I went here on the recommendation of a local.  He said it was the best gumbo in the city--in his opinion.  Well, I don't share his opinion.  The gumbo was spicy, and that's about it.  There was little flavor.  It was very soupy, not thick.  There was one shrimp, one blob of muscle, and a tiny crawfish leg.  That was it.  It was mostly just bland okra and spicy stuff--the spicy stuff had burn, not flavor.I also ordered french fries and red beans and rice with sausage.  Neither had any flavor.  I had to dump a ton of salt onto the red beans/rice to get anything out of it.  It was served warm--that's the only plus.Oh, and everyone was right about the service.  It.  Was.  Horrible.Perhaps I'm not expecting the right things from gumbo, but in my opinion, the best gumbo is located in Jackson Square at Cafe Pontalba.  I would eat that any day.  Coop's Place gumbo--I wouldn't serve it to my enemy.Positive: Jambalaya was good, we each had shrimp entrees that were pretty good and came out quickly. Atmosphere was cool. Negative: Self-seating, so you aren't given a wait time. And there aren't a lot of seats, (but at the same time, that does add to the charm). Gross bathrooms. Server was very absent minded. We personally didn't like gumbo, but we aren't exactly self-proclaimed gumbo experts. Overall: A decent meal away from bourbon street, but we wouldn't recommend going out of your way for it.I had the clam chowda,  the best I have ever had.  Do not expect really friendly service this place is like a boot camp, you get in you order you get your food.. and it's good food..   they have signs up that say "shut up and eat"..  LOL   kind of tongue in cheek, but they mean it..  I'd go back it was great  food.Their fried chicken nearly made me cry - it was that good. We came here twice while visiting New Orleans, admittedly with a little trepidation due to some of the reviews. Here's the thing: don't act like an entitled jackass (aka, the common tourist), and the service is just fine. We were seated quickly, our food came quickly, and mother of science it was delicious. Now, if you're used to cajun style food, I don't know how this rates - I'm from California where we're pretty spoiled when it comes to good food, but there's not a lot of cajun to be had out here. That said, for this Bay Arean, Coop's was a real treat and I'll come back the next time I'm in the quarter.First off, this is a NOLA dive bar.  If you don't like this place, you really need to stick to a restaurant with Emeril, Brennan or Jimmy Buffet in the name.  This place is real.  The dust is real, the dirt is real and the people are real.We went during Mardis Gras weekend and stumbled across this spot on sunday afternoon around 1pm.  There was no line but no tables.  The waitress told us to wait outside and she would seat us "ASAP."  After about 10 minutes there were 20 people behind us when we got the call for a table.  When we left 45 minutes later the line was about 40 people.  Given the size of the place (about 12-15 tables) it was probably an hour wait.We shared a Seafood platter which was just great.  Shrimp, oysters, crawfish, crab claws, fish and french fries all fried to perfection.  Nothing fancy but just good fried seafood.  We told our waiter that the cook really new what he was doing and he said, "He should, he had been doing it there at Coop's for 30 years!"  The drinks were also just great with spicy bloody marys a steal at $5 ea.Just a great place for a drink or two or three and some simple good food and real NOLA atmosphere.The wait may be long sometimes for the tiny Coop's Place restaurant, but its well worth it! It's definitely a gem of Decatur St, tucked into brick walls with any kind of hot sauce you could ask for surrounding the tables. The rabbit and sausage jambalaya is THE best jambalaya I have tried yet. Even if you are opposed to eating rabbit, or are a more conventional eater, you MUST give this dish a shot. The menu says its a "A traditional Creole rice dish, simmered with tomatoes, onion, bell pepper, local seasonings, boneless rabbit, and smoked pork sausage." "local seasonings" could have something to do with voodoo, but I'm willing to bet its a bit more accessible to foodies---I just can't figure it out though. There's a spice mixture in the rabbit and sausage jambalaya I can't quite recognize. It tastes warm like nutmeg or cinnamon--but I can't be certain. Trust me when I say that when you try it once on your next trip to New Orleans, you'll go back for seconds before you pack up to go home. The fried oyster dinner is slightly crunchy and tender in the center. Fabulous! I also highly recommend Coop's Taste Place, which includes a great variety of what Coop's has to offer. Ordering that plate on my first visit to Coop's is what got me hooked on rabbit and sausage jambalaya! The red beans in the Red Beans and Rice dish are smooth and comforting--the rice is nice and tender, not over-cooked. The fried chicken is juicy; the gumbo is silky----you can't go wrong ordering anything from this restaurant!On my first visit to New Orleans and last night there I finally found the southern cooking I had in my head all along. We spent the weekend trying out the most talked about spots in the city which were all great, but never gave me that satisfied comfort I was hoping for. I had the taste plate which included seafood gumbo, fried chicken, jambalaya, red beans and rice,  and shrimp creole.  The red beans and rice were the standout. This place is pretty divey, but that only made it better.Stopped here for lunch after visiting seeing the great reviews on Yelp. Turns out they're well deserved. The rabbit jambalaya might be the best jambalaya I've ever had (short of my uncle's) and the fried chicken can give Dookie Chase a run for it's money.The restaurant is small, a little cramped, and definitely the kind of place with a high local:tourist ratio (the whole place erupted in laughter while we were then when a bartender who'd answered the restaurant phone asked the patrons "Hey guys, do we take reservations?"). Perhaps the best part is that the food is cheap - you can bet a plate of some of the best fried chicken you will ever have with a healthy side of red beans and rice (also tasty) for under $9.00. Good luck finding a deal like that many other places in the Quarter. If some cheap, delicious food in a thoroughly local atmosphere, try Coop's.Less than an hour after landing in New Orleans, we were already waiting in line outside Coop's Place and Jo was posing for a photo with a middle-aged transvestite wearing not much more than a cowboy hat, bra, and miniskirt.  If you've spent more than five minutes in the Quarter, you probably know who I'm talking about. We picked Coop's based on the great Yelp ratings as well as recommendations from several people who said it was one of the best spots around to chow down on the New Orleans classics. Other reviews have complained about the long wait to get in and the surly wait staff, but we encountered neither. Even though there were a few people in front of us, we were seated and had cold Abitas in front of us within 10 minutes of our arrival, and the woman serving us couldn't have been friendlier or more attentive.I had the sampler plate which had a bit of everything, but the standouts on the plate were the rabbit jambalaya and the red beans & rice. Both were utterly amazing and my mouth is watering just thinking about them. The plate came with a piece of fried chicken (a drumstick) that might have been the best piece of fried chicken I've ever tasted - which is saying a lot as we have some crazy good fried chicken places in Chicago. It was perfectly crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside without any hint of greasiness. The sampler also came with a cup of gumbo which I really enjoyed. They somehow squeezed several shrimp, a huge oyster, and a crawfish leg into the cup of soup.One thing to know is that this place is as divey as dives go, which is something I love but I could see how it might scare someone who's normal idea of a nice meal out is the Olive Garden. At about the midpoint of my meal I went to use the restroom and thought I might have stumbled onto a murder scene. Seriously, there was blood everywhere... Not only splattered across the toilet seat, but also on the wall and back of the toilet tank. I'm not even sure Dexter would have been able to figure out what had happened in that room. Upon exiting the restroom, I realized I had stumbled into the ladies room by mistake. Draw your own conclusions.So, five stars for the food and service but minus one star for allowing wild alligators to attack customers in the restrooms (that's the conclusion you drew from the above paragraph as well, right?). The food was incredible though and is definitely a place we'll return to on our next visit.Everything I imagined it would be.  Jambalaya was great.  And you can get red beans and rice, imagine that!A-OK. Visitors of New Orleans: stop in for a meal on a weekday, but there's no need to stand in line for half an hour or more on a busy night. The food is not THAT good. Gumbo Shop has some of the best gumbo in town in my opinion. As for the jambalaya; too rich for my blood. The best creole and cajun food, sadly (?), cannot be found in a restaurant. It's home-cooked food. But, if you don't have that luxury than you settle for a place like Coops.Great food. Great price. Big portion. A whole in a wall place. A true hidden gem. In French Market area which also have great shopping venues and a cheap liqour/convenient store.Great restaurant/bar with a fun vibe.  The food was tasty and well prepared, the drinks cold and refreshing.  The sausage with the red beans and rice was great as was the gumbo.  We really loved the raw claws which were dressed with what appeared to be Italian oil & vinegar salad dressing mmmmm mmmmm good.  On my latest trip to NO we did a late note stop and returned a couple of days later for lunch. Enjoyed it both visitsI like a bar to drink in that serves good food. I hate that the Internet and the throngs of soccer moms and golf dads found this place. Everything has suffered here. I miss Coop's Place.A surly little place filled with familiar faces, a few random tourists, and good food. Just chew carefully - I almost ripped my mouth open on some sort of shell.Love this bar. Great, strong drinks and beers in a bottle. Food service was fast. Bartenders smiled, talked, threw ice at each other while the entire bar sang Bohemian Rhapsody together. What else could you want? Go.We were in New Orleans 10 days and ate every meal in a different restaurant. Coop's is not to be missed. There were four of us and we all ordered different meals so we could share and we still had a difficult time choosing. ALL of it was amazing and the drinks were spot on great too. The food is fried, the bar is noisy and the place is packed; but so worth waiting in the line outside to get in. Highly recommend it.Good food..great service from Trista..Mint Julep is skrong!!I went to New Orleans for the Essence Festival and while I was there I wanted to have some REAL Jambalaya. Based on the reviews on Yelp, my boy friend and I decided to try this place. OMG it did not disappoint!! It is a relaxed atmosphere with good beer, great food, and good service. Next time I go back to New Orleans I will be coming back to Coop's Place!We were visiting New Orleans for a few days and this was by far our favorite place. it's in the French Quarter but isn't as touristy as most places. We had a beer and a mojito for drinks. They were good. The waitress was helpful. The food was amazing! I highly recommend the Chicken Tchoupitoulas. It was creamy and had this spice that I just couldn't place. I loved it and hope to learn how to make it. When I used the bathroom I saw that the kitchen in the back was open air. This made me feel like it was more "authentic", whatever that means. Anyway, it's a nice place. Check it out.i wanted to love coop's...especially for the jambalaya that i've heard so much of...however, it just wasn't good based on many normal things to be expected from food in general.  the jambalaya was cold, dry, and pasty.  i was so excited to try it too, i read so many internet reviews about this place.  left disappointed.  very good cajun fried chicken though.Very small place. Would recommend getting there early for lunch. Place fills up quickly! That said, the Jambalaya Supreme was outstanding. Large portions. You will leave full, fat, and happy.No desserts.Awesome late night noms!Go here... If you don't mind the roaches and poor service. The food overall tasted good (reason for the 2 star) but my fiance and I lost our appetite after two roaches crawled from underneath the table. The waitress brushed one off the table and I had to kill one with my napkin when it started approaching my plate. My fiance got sick and never finished her meal. I understand the establishment is very old, but the management definitely needs to look into getting the whole place exterminated for roaches and bugs. We received very poor service and it took a long time for anyone just to acknowledge us. We will not return or recommend this place to anyone.This place is sketchy at best. Lets just say, people don't come here for the food or service.  The jambalaya was a pile of mushy goop. The bloody mary's (their specialty) were un-bearably salty, almost like drinking sea water. We let the bartender know and his response was 'We'll still charge you. We don't want people coming in here sampling drinks.'  Really?Fried chicken and sausage gumbo will enrapture you. Highly recommend this gem of a place!gumbo was delicious and very file-y but i liked that. packed full of seafood - which kinda made it the only thing edible for my hubby.tragically out of fried chickenhad red beans and rice with a porkchop. porkchop was outstanding. perfectly cooked and juicy. red beans were smoky but i felt missig something - mayb heat maybe salt. i don't know.huge portions. bartenders were cool. ambience was amazing. probably the best food in the french quarter. down to earth. wooden bar that is weathered from a hundred arms and plates resting on it, not bc some imagineer weathered it just right.  pool table. two small bathrooms.Good food with an attitude, love it, especially the chicken!If you like rude people and hair in your food then eat here.Not to mention their menu price online is less than it is in the actual place, Kind of a bait and switch. If you look up the menu online, be prepared to pay more.  FIrst impression- I walked in, as you do in a lot of places to see if I had to get my name on a list. There was a small line and no employee outside. Yes I walked past the "wait to be seated" sign And promptly got yelled at from the bar "What the F@*K you doin, cant you F**KING read. Sine I had read some other reviews I figured it was part of their schtick. Figured I'd tolerate it since the food is supposed to be good. Crappy service was to be expected. Ordered a cup of the rabbit and sausage jambalaya. Cup was mostly rice, no sausage and had 2 pieces of meat that definitely weren't rabbit. My GF was even more lucky, hers was all rice. Flavor was just meh, not what I expected considering the rave reviews. I've had better minute rice mixed with salsa. But--- Here's where the fun comes in. Got the Bayou sampler. Actually not bad, but not great. About halfway through I picked up a fried oyster and pulled up 2 shrimp with it. They were connected by a very long hair that was mixed in with and cooked in the batter/breading. When I was finally able to get the waiter to come over (Be prepared to flag them down or you'll wait till the end of time to get service) he looked at it, said "What the F*@K is that? and then looked at me like I put it there. It was still connected to all  3 pieces of food. He took it out of my hand, no apologies and went back to the kitchen. NO apology, but he did take it off the bill. So, If you want mediocre food, terrible service, enjoy being cussed at, etc, go here.Duck quesadilla was amazing. Aside from the great food and friendly staff they could do better with cleaner looking staff. My guess is not only can you find awesome food here, but probably fantastic crystal meth too.The best food I ate last time I was in town although, admittedly, I otherwise ate mainly crap to soak up the booze.This was my one excellent meal though!  I recommend the rabbit and sausage jambalaya.  The best ever!  Damn!Also, the creole fried chicken -- I think this is what Popeye's was supposed to be like.  You should never really get gumbo or red beans at a restaurant, but Coop's does 'em both right...pleasantly surprised.Good drinks to booze up the soak too.Highly recommended.I forgot to mention -- they also have a cat and picture of Professor Longhair on the wall so ambience is thumbs up.Fried Chicken was unbelievably the best I've had anywhere. My Husband & Daughter were fighting me for pieces of my chicken... The soup of the day was Red-fish soup. A concoction thrown together by the chef. After trying a cup-we ordered a bowl. Excellent flavor. Kieth from Barneys Beanery- Pasadena CA- suggested Coops and said to try the rabbit and andouille jambalaya - it worked. The bar maid-Fran-was a lot of fun. Service is slow but still, I can't wait to go back.Decent everything. Drinks were good (our waitress said they couldn't make a Hurricane, because it's a specific drink made by Pat O'Brien's. This is not true. Other places will make it). Food was good. Lots of fried stuff. And there's a cat that sits in the window!I followed yelp recommendation and went to coop's place. yelp works and coop's place works. the taste plate was a fantastic way to get an idea of the Cajun cooking. We enjoyed the music, the service and the food.After we finished the taste plate we got couple of fried chicken wings. we were please to order our choice of fried chicken (wings, legs, breast) off them menuBest food we had in New Orleans. We ate here on the first day of our trip, and came back on our last day because no other food compared to Coop's. The jambalaya supreme was the tastiest jambalaya I've ever had. I thought that rabbit would be bizarre to eat, but it worked perfectly with all of the flavors. We also tried the crab-stuffed jalepeno peppers, which were excellent. Great bloody marys too! My mouth is watering just thinking about Coops.The only negative thing I have to say about Coop's has nothing to do with the food. Apparently, you have to be 21+ to eat here, which I didn't think twice about. I am 23, and ate with a group of 23-30 year olds. After scarfing down my jambalaya, the waitress scurried over and said "umm excuse me...how old are you??" I politely replied with my age, to which she replied "oh good, we thought you were 14 and not allowed here." Just sort of a bizarre experience, considering I've never had a problem with not looking my age.It was my last day in NOLA after a grueling 3 day convention and I had 1 thing on my mind. Jambalaya. So I strolled the streets and asked a few locals where to go, and after 3 in a row echoed each other, I knew good things were ahead.Coop's is dingy, but thats part of the experience. If you're looking for a fancy shmantzy this sure as shit ain't it. If you're looking for a pile of jumbalaya that's gunna shift your tastes buds into high gear, this is your joint. The rabbit and sausage w/salad combo can't be beat. The flavor explodes in your mouth like Cajun mortar and the creole spice adds the perfect fiery kick.Coop, I'll  be back with an empty belly and loads of expectations. Thank you kindly.The rabbit/sausage/shrimp jambalaya was excellent.  Tried the crab-stuffed jalapeno poppers based solely on its high scores in other Yelp reviews and found them to be kinda meh...between the breading and deep frying, the spiciness and crab flavors were muted.  But I'd order the jambalaya again.Service was fast and reasonably friendly, and the staff kept the line out front moving as quickly as possible.So I actually used Yelp to help plan my trip to NOLA and Coop's was the first restaurant that we ate at. Here's the recap:Overall the atmosphere was relaxed. The staff was easy going (especially for how busy it was), low-key, and helpful. We got the crab stuffed jalapeno poppers which were excellent. It's a great take on it's less satisfying un-seafood filled cousin. The batter was not too greasy and it was a perfect combination of spicy and crabby. For mains I tried the rabbit and sausage jambalaya. This is actually the reason I wanted to come to Coop's because I read a couple rave reviews of this typical NOLA dish. It was ok...I've actually never had jambalaya before so it may be that I was expecting something different, but I was not that impressed. The flavors were definitely good, but the texture of the rice was mushy and the rabbit was a bit dry. Overall it seemed overcooked.The prices we great though. I really can't complain, it was one of the cheapest meals I had throughout the trip. I'm not sure I would go back, but I would definitely recommend this place to others with the disclaimer that the food is good, great for the price, but not out of this world."Meh.  I've experienced better."  Good summation.I had a rabbit and sausage jumbalaya, I believe.  It was OK.  First word that comes to mind is bland.  Second word is boring.  Third is, "Why'd I wait in line for THIS?"OK food.  Long wait for it.  Doesn't make much sense to me...Any place where kids can't go gets five stars from me. Had the fried chicken (six stars) and jambalaya. Can't go wrong. The best part was when some tourists with kids walked in - andgot thrown out. Boy were they pissed.I love you, Coop's. The place can be chaotic, so you owe it to yourself to try and sneak in there on the off hours, but I've done my share of waiting outside, gazing in through the front window. I've had some inconsistent meals here over the years, but then last month, the best Red Beans & Rice EVER. The staff can be stressed and weary, but I waited tables for 10 years so I'll forgive anything. Every trip to town we decide we will only go to Coop's ONCE. 'Let's just go ONCE this time.' Never happens. Crawfish & Tasso pasta. Order it. It will haunt your dreams forever. Remember, if there is no line, it's no good. Margaritaville is right across the street if you don't want to wait in line.Poor service, no seating, ho hum food... I'm reading the other reviews wondering if there are 2 places called coops place.  The Jambalaya was like paste, reheated maybe for the 10th time, the fried chicken should be called re-fried chicken... bland... near gross.  Popeyes is much better... I had the Lamb ribs, they were half cold... clearly reheated and barely warmed up.  The only thing that was any good were the jalapeno poppers we ordered.  This place is way overrated.....  avoid it!!i will just repeat what so many others have already said, the rabbit jambalaya and cajun chicken are the best you will find anywhere.  The thing with the kids is for real, don't even attempt to come there with people under 21.Coops place is a hole in the wall, but the food makes it a must visit on every trip to New Orleans!My wife and I stopped by on a Sunday night on the recommendation of a local bartender.  We were looking for some cajun food and wanted to eat a bit later than usual.  (It seems most restaurants close at 10PM in/around the Quarter).  Coop's Place was perfect.  I had the Supreme Jambalaya with Tasso, rabbit and crawfish.  My wife had the Pasta Jambalaya.  Our waiter, Boone, recommended we head down to Frenchman's for jazz instead of Bourbon.  Great recommendation.  We ended up going into 2-3 other bars, enjoying all the local music.The next night we headed back to try out more of their menu.  My wife had the Tasso and green beans.  Our waitress, Stephanie, was awesome.  The food was just as good as the night before.Boone, Stephanie, you guys rock.Possible I picked the wrong items.. should read the reviews!!I had the Seafood Gumbo (was craving it) but it was just ok.. spicy but just ok...So maybe it's not fair for me to judge based on one item.  But it was recommended as the best Gumbo in town.... o.OThe place is a whole in the wall but a true rough diamond.  And I mean rough!  When you are in N'awlins you need to concentrate on the food. And that's what Coop's does.  The fried chicken OMG!  The jambalaya best in town with rabbit and sausage.  Quesadillas a must have, sweet and spicy sauce completes this appetizer. Now the bad part, many building codes have to be in serious infringement (but that may be true for many places in the Quarter).  You need to wait outside in a line, and things are slow.  But if you are willing to wait and look over the dinginess of the place, you will have a wonderful explosion of Cajun flavors!I spent 6 days in NOLA and out of those I went to Coop's 3 times for lunch, dinner, and late night drinks. Everytime I tried a new dish every time I was blown away. They don't make anything worse than amazing. Hands down the best Jumbalaya for the price anywhere! Lamb short ribs as an appetizer or a must, seared just right on the outside pull off the bone tender in the middle. If you go at lunch you can sit and enjoy the sweet succulent smell of there smoker slow cooking the home smoked sausages :) The wait Staff is great they have the perfect balance of sweet, sass, and how to, that makes you feel like you have been a regular for years. My time spent spent in Nola would not have been the same without this wonderful place.This place is probably about the best you can expect in the French Quarter. The food is priced fairly and is OK/good. I had the Red Beans & Rice with 2 fried chicken breasts. There was a lot of food, I brought some home. The Beans were good and filled with pulled pork throughout. the fried chicken was excellent. It was spicy (but not too much!), tender and flavorful. Not the best I've ever had (Gus's in Memphis takes that prize!) but really very good. My partner had the Jambalaya supreme which he seemed to enjoy but I thought was served almost cold and stuck together. I didn't like it at all. The atmosphere is casual/dirty and the night we were there they were playing a mix of jazz interspersed with head banging punk so loud that it was impossible to talk during dinner- which kinda sucked as I like to enjoy conversation during dinner.Perhaps I can give this place 4 stars because I have never gone when it was slamed. The couple times I've been were on a Sunday after the lunch rush. Just having gone yesterday with a party of 5, we got a table right away. Our waiter was a friendly dude. Not super peppy, but more the laid back type. I'm ok with that.  I ordered the rabbit and sausage jambalaya, it's a go-to pleaser. I got a side of cole slaw as well. I am not a huge mayo fan, but Coop's coleslaw has a kick to it which I really like.  Red beans and rice were ordered as well as a Coop's burger. Both were enjoyed by my friends! Beers were had by all, just wish they had more of a tap selection.  I think Coop's prices may be a little inflated, but not unreasonable, and the food is legit!  When wandering down Decatur, Coop's is a perfect stop for a bite!The food and service was good but not great. Had the Cajun fried chicken with the rabbit jambalya. The chicken was hot and juicy but the rabbit was a luke-warm. Would be a four star joint if everything was piping hot.This little hole in the wall serves up some of the best Jambalaya in town. It's loud folks. But they were playing LCD Soundsystem so that was ok. The jambalaya was fantastic.Place was small but crowded so that was a good sign! Food was excellent! Best Cajun place we ate at on our 4 day trip. If you're looking to cool off, def. not the place to go. Great hole in the wall!Shrimp po'boy at Coop's Place. Heart be damned. Gigantic cheap eats. Decent. Would definitely go back to try more. Not something I'd say about most places in that area.It must be in some tourist guide because people descend to it. Being a local and having eaten there a few times everything has been good but it's nothing special. I really don't mean to slam the place and I think the New Orleans style food is tasty but I think you can find better stuff close by. It is super casual and economical so I imagine that is a draw too.As I passed by, the line outside the door clearly indicated Coop's might be worth stopping by.  It is a very unassuming place (I fret to use the 'hole-in-the-wall' description).  Once inside, I discovered reasonable priced beers and a solid selection.  I started with a cup of Gumbo.  A bit pricy for the portion, but not for the taste.  I sampled a few other items, including the chicken and jambalaya.  Both were also worth the wait.The Mint Julep was potent.  Quesadilla appetizer was tasty...Fried chicken is a must!!!! Loved it.Fried chicken!! Get the fried chicken. Seafood gumbo was delicious. Not as salty as the gumbo served at Turtle Bay but definitely flavorful.Coop's is awesome. Red beans and rice with sausage may be the best I've had in NOLA and the chilly no-nonsense service just adds to the flavor of the place which is a bit of a dive. We'll be back...This is one of our go-to places in the quarter. DeliciousOh my! I was told this place was great for late-night-I-drank-too-much food and I was very pleasantly surprise to have one of the best pasta dishes I have ever had the honor to consume. I had to Opelusa Pasta which came with very generous portions of shrimp, chicken and taso and also green beans and button mushrooms served with a fettuccini which was perfectly cooked and tossed with a light cream sauce. Oh my!!! I will not go home and attempt to recreate it because I will never find such amazingly fresh shrimp or their home cured taso in Detroit. I will just have to come back for more next time I visit. This place is comfortable and unassuming (there is a sign at the door that says "be nice or starve") so you can get quality food at a decent price with a full service bar if you like without having to get gussied up. Coop's is my new place!!Based on a recommendation of a local souvenir store attendant, we found Coops! After waiting 20-30 minutes, we were seated on a high table in the back and given menus. We set our mind on one of the pastas and the seafood sampler but, when the waitress came (took a while), they were out of both the pasta and some of the key items on the sampler, I had my heart set on. So, we ended up getting what they did have a sampler with JUST deep fried shrimp and crab legs, Alfredo pasta and the gumbo/jambalaya sampler. I wasn't a fan of either of the Jambalaya or the gumbo as I had a better version earlier in the day at ACME but, was surprised with the Jalapeño poppers (yum, its a must order) and a delicious alfredo pasta! Unfortunately, while I enjoyed most of the food and was ALL done eating- RIGHT behind me on the gaming machine there was a roach, alive and well and staring at me.TWO stars because the food is GOOD but, the roach... gross.This is a dive.  A grungy dive.  A crowded, dark, loud and grungy dive.  If you like that sort of thing, great -- by the crowd that was there, it appears that many do.  But I didn't.  The staff is nice and the food was good, but I did not enjoy the atmosphere.  The hipster concierge at my hotel highly recommended it -- emphatically recommended it over other places I was interested in.  The first time I went by, there was a line, so I passed.  I took a look inside, and thought it looked questionable for my taste, but I still wanted to give it a try because it came so highly recommended by the concierge.  So the next day, I went by,  there was no line, and I went in.  I was seated at a table that was so dark that I could not see my food.  I ordered a bowl of seafood gumbo, which was delicious and spicy, but I can't tell you what it looked like.  I then had the Jambalaya Supreme, which was also delicious, but I could not see what I was eating because my table was so dark.  I politely asked to move to a table with better lighting, and I was kindly re-seated at a common picnic-style table in the back of the restaurant, where I could see what I was eating.  The food was good, but the atmosphere killed it for me.  I should have trusted my instincts when I first poked my head in the door, and I should have passed.  My wife would not have even walked in the door.  One star plus one for the good food, even if I couldn't see it.Tourist trap! Over spiced food, not authentic!!!Coop's was recommended by 2 different local people as a great place to go and have some traditional New Orleans food.  My friends tried the sampler and loved everything on the plate.  I got the crawfish po boy and it was just ok, nothing to write home about.  What set them apart was the Rabbit and Sausage jambalaya.  That wasn't something we saw on any other menu.  The lemon drop shots were by far the best I've ever had.  Super smooth and great tasting.  The place is a bit small and usually there was a line out the door waiting to get in.  They play good music too.  I say this place is worth a try!I have been here a couple different times and I want to give it 4 stars but I just can't.  The first time I ate here, it was excellent!  The fried chicken was delectable and the red beans were awesome.  The 2nd time I dined here, everyone in my party was a bit disappointed.  My food was completely COLD.  Like it literally just came out of the fridge and was nuked for about 30 seconds.  Several other people at the table also complained of their food being cold.  The third experience was just so-so.  I would probably give it one more chance only because it was so good the first time.Servers are jerks, but the food is good. Great gumbo.The worst service we've ever experienced before even walking in the door.  It's unfortunate as Coops has been a favorite stop every year and never again.  The host was so incredibly rude and had a chip on his shoulder and unfortunately decided to take it out us tonight.Only go there if you want to serve yourself. We went and it was crowded and busy, which was cool because it was Saturday night. We got a seat at the bar and we sat down, the bartender looked right at us and then proceeded to watch tv, then check her phone, then pour 2 shots for herself and another employee. After 10 minutes a man who appeared to be the only person working came over and took our order. The food was average. While we were sitting there eating the bartender was yelling across the bar to her male sidekick-shot-man to come take more shots, in the hour we were there - they had 4. Nobody asked us how our food was, when our beers were finished they took away the bottles and didn't offer us another one. When we got the check we both took out our credit cards to split the bill, and the man said "I can only take 1 credit card per group". Which is ridiculous. Especially since we were sitting at the bar.This is it. No, really. I mean this is it. There is no other. You don't go for a burger. You don't whine. You don't go here expecting anything other then the most amazing Gumbo and Jambalaya.Coop's Place.  Coop's is pretty cool I guess, for a few reasons.  It's definitely a dive-type restaurant (which I like), and I was enthralled by the "kitchen".  I went to the bathroom (leaking faucet, toilet that barely flushes, no hand towels, small box of a graffiti-ed room), and there's the so-called "kitchen" just beyond.  We saw some guys carrying in propane tanks while we waited in line (for an hour) and thought "what the hell are those for??"  And then, like I said, I saw the "kitchen" (yes, I'll keep putting it in quotation marks because that's what we're talking about here - not necessarily a kitchen, but a "kitchen"; also because I like punctuation).  So basically, what they have here are two swamp guys at a prep table with a couple of gas burners and a bbq grill with a retractable patio cover for when it rains.  That's it.  That's the "kitchen".  Now do you understand "kitchen" vs kitchen?Now to the food - yeah, it was good.  Amazing?  Nah.  Better than just good though.  They have a good selection of local beers, and the food's all well prepared; definitely  good, authentic swamp food.  I've had better fried chicken, but it was pretty good.  Nothing really stands out in retrospect.   Check it out if you're in the area and if you want to see what a "swamp guy" working in a "kitchen" looks like.Woo.. Jambalaya, lamb appetizer. That is what this place is known for. I knew I was going to find great jambalaya in NO but DAYUM. Great atmosphere, very welcoming - service was wonderful. Once of the first places I took my now fiance =). When we go back to New Orleans, we'll be back.Very good food for bar food. We had the crab-stuffed jalapeños, seafood gumbo and shrimp creole. The jalapeño poppers.... o. m. g. SO good. The gumbo was a little watery and underwhelming. The shrimp was perfectly cooked. BONUS points for blasting Devil Makes Three. -1 point for no one checkin on us...... can we get a drink please ? :)I don't live in New Orleans but have been here four times. It's really good but I usually stick to at least somebody getting the Cajun pasta with artichoke hearts, tasso, shrimp, oysters etc. It's excellent, but sometimes the pasta changes a bit. I also love their crab claws. The Rabbit and Jambalaya Supreme is excellent and definitely worth the extra money. Poboys are large but better ones can be found elsewhere at Poboy shops. Have always have decent service, friendly waiters, even when packed. The only thing I haven't been impressed with on the menu was the gumbo, I've had much better and for the price it had a minimal amount of seafood in it, was mostly just soup, and didn't have much flavor. I have heard the fried chicken is great but I'm not big on fried chicken.It was a nice little walk about 3 blocks from the shopping mall in the French quarters. We had heard about this place from a guy at our hotel who said it had some of the eat food in New Orleans so we had to check it out! I wasn't disappointed not even a little bit. Once we got there we waited in line for about 15 mins but there are cute little shops around that you can look at while you wait. We walked in and it was a bit smaller so if you have a big party expect to wait for a little while. Our table was next to the window and we had 5 people. The waiter wasn't technically a waiter was a bartender and he couldn't suggest much for us on the menu but that was fine because I laid my eyes on the Cajun pasta and knew right away what I wanted. By far this was the best food I had in New Orleans it was AMAZING!!! It had so much flavor and the shrimp were HUGE! The portions are smaller and I almost wanted to order another one. Overall I will definitely visit this place every time I am in New Orleans.The only reason this gets one star is because zero isn't an option. We went here on the recommendation of two different people. When we arrived we had a party of 7 but were laughed at when we dared to ask to all sit together. We first got a table for four and the rest of our party was made to stand outside (behind the "special sign" that another reviewer mentioned). We then had to move a pedestal sign out of the way so the wheelchair in our party could get to the table, they yelled at us for moving "furniture" and better leave it where it was. We decided,after being yelled at twice, to leave. There was no way I was going to waste my money supporting such a crappy place with horrible service. We decided to go to Margaritaville across the street instead and received the best service!Went here for the fried chicken and wasn't disappointed.  This place is a bar that serves really good, down home cajun food.  Had the combo fried appetizer and it was more than enough for 4 people; at $16-a real bargain.  Fun place with lots of character.I'm a fan of hole in the walls, but this place felt kind of dirty. I ordered the Coop's plate, which I thought was the food was average. The fried chicken is really good, but that's it. My meal came with gumbo soup, it tasted very gritty, almost like there was dirt in soup. I wasn't too happy with this place.If you are coming here with a big group, this isn't your place. Very small.We waited in line for about 40 minutes to get a table.  Being from DC, I'm used to waiting that long, so I wasn't too bothered by it.  I wish we had thought of the idea of grabbing something to drink while we were waiting.They had some of the higher end Abita beers (Andygator, Turbo Dog, etc.), which was a nice plus.The service wasn't rude and was reasonably fast.I got the tasting platter: a cup of seafood gumbo, shrimp creole, cajun fried chicken, red beans & rice with sausage, and rabbit & sausage jambalaya.  The seafood gumbo was good.  I enjoyed the variety of critters in it, from crab leg to oyster; however, the broth was just alright (I don't think they used a brunette roux.).  The cajun fried chicken was pretty good (not too greasy, not too dry), but I would have liked a little more seasoning.  The remaining dishes were all pretty good flavor-wise, but one of them was a bit cold.  (Wtf?!?)Overall, this was an above-average meal, but far from the best I've had of any of the types of dishes I ate there.This was my first dining out experience in New Orleans, and it definitely didn't disappoint. I'm not a particularly adventurous eater, so I didn't pick anything particularly exciting--I just got the fried shrimp. But, check it out: those were the best fried shrimp I have ever had, and I have had a LOT of fried shrimp. More than that though, the atmosphere was kind of awesome, the staff (no waiters/waitresses--all bartenders who happen to serve food) was fantastic (incredibly nice and accommodating, and when they had to move us from the bar to a booth, they made our second round free) and the wait wasn't too bad. I just liked the place a lot. And they have a neat logo. For the record: my friends had jambalaya, and they loved it. Considering that, and the other positives: I definitely recommend this place.Coop's Place is so good that it prompted 2nd dinner two nights and lunch on a 5 day New Orleans trip. This place is really a great local eating experience. I had the combo plate the first time (which I highly recommend to see what you like) and the fried chicken the second and third time. The fried crawfish is good too!It would rank a full five stars but the service is really UNIQUE.Service, food and ambiance was great. We had the red beans and rice, jambalaya supreme, bayou appetizer, and the stuffed jalapeños.  All very good, authentic NOLA cuisine.  It's where the locals eat. It's a very casual, hometown bar feel. 80's music playing in the background. Great experience.Worst Place ever .If you like dirty tables with yelling people and ultra load music in addition to long lines and terrible service, YOU ARE WELCOME HERE.Wow! I have to say that this is the best fried chicken I've ever had. I also tried the fried grits for the first time. A all around great experience. Worth the wait for a table. My wife and I will definitely recommend this place to any tourist trying to get some good eats.This place is better than the other famous place!If you're in the french quarter and looking to eat fried chicken, this is the spot!The red beans and rice are also delicious!Solid downtown locationPrepare to wait for a table, but worth itGreat jambalayaBar-type atmosphereWe were given advice to come here for their fried chicken.  We did, and it was FABulous.  It was so good that we came back again the next night for fried chicken.  Even waited 30 mins outside to get in.  Kat our waitress was great!  Will definitely come again when we get back to New Orleans.Great fried chicken! Great duck quesadillas. Rest of the food can be hit or miss.Awesome food; pretty rough serviceWorst food and service in the French Quarter. We went to Coops because I was supposed to write a review for a Chicago publication and I was informed that the fried chicken at Coops was not to be missed. To summarize, the food was bland and seasoned poorly, and the wait staff was horrendous.To go into detail: When we arrived we were seated by the bar at a rickety table that was barley clean enough to put your hands on. Our waiter came over to ask us about drinks and seemed halfway between bored and offended when I ordered an ice tea. When our drinks arrived the iced tea was warm and closer to water with something that tasted like a hint on Lipton. After noticing my displeasure the waiter didn't offer to bring me something else, but instead begrudgingly asked us what we would like to eat. I of course ordered the fried chicken and my fiancé ordered their specialty shrimp and pork dish. The chicken lacked flavor all together, and was served with a side of over cooked jambalaya...that was being encroached upon by warm coleslaw. My fiancés shrimp was over cooked and the pork tasted far too much like salted two day old sausage. We were both horrified that so many people had given Coops such good reviews that we somehow missed the incredibly over-served man standing next to us that tumbled head first into our table, knocking our food onto our laps and spilling his potent cocktail all over my pants and phone. More than a little irritated i stood up to get as much food and fluid off of me as possible and expected the staff to bring me napkins to clean up with. Instead they rushed to the table to clean the food up and only brought me several paper napkins as an afterthought. At this point I assumed they would apologize and bring us a new meal, but we actually had to call them back over to tell them that we didn't want to eat food that had, had someone's else's drink spilled on it. We declined their offer of having new dishes prepared and instead asked for the check. Any decent restaurant at this point should have apologized profusely and offered to take care of the check however, someone other than our waiter came over and handed me a "half off" check and explained that the man who fell on us was already drunk when he came in. First off, where did our waiter disappear to? Second, it's illegal to serve someone you believe to already be intoxicated, especially intoxicated to the point of becoming vertically challenged. And finally we had only taken a few bites of our "food" when the man fell onto us. As I mentioned above I was supposed to write a professional review, however I don't believe Coops to be worth the time it would take me to write and proof it, nor the time it would take my readers to get through the amount of horrifying details I would go into over the food and service. If the owner of the establishment reads this I hope he has a long talk with his staff about how a professional restaurant is supposed to operate. So to summarize, save yourself time and a dry cleaning bill and avoid Coops. It's horrible to say, but Popeyes actually has better fried chicken!this is the kind of neighborhood bar with decent food that gets lots of local in the door as well as tourists.  the food is nothing special, basically elevated diner fare and charging pretty nicely for it as well.  I wouldn't go so far as to wait in line for it, but, I guess that would depend on how hungry I wasIt's 3:30 am, yer hungary, yer loaded, and yer in the FQ. It's either Coops or Verte mart. Either is better than you deserve, (ya lowlife ya)...Coop's has an awesome Duck Jambalaya it will get you back in shape. Nice folks and pleasant atmosphere. Go.Always a great stop... I hit NOLA a few times a year and always hit coops. It is worth the short outside wait for a table. Small and sometimes loud with a great Jukebox. Sampler is the way to go and don't miss the Lamb ribs. Great red beans and rice. Very casual and easy. So many great food choices in this town but you will be back it you try this one.Well we had the combo taster plate in the evening.  the gumbo was great and my huney doesn't like okra!. The Jambalya was pastey and thick but flavor good. The Shrimp Creolo was good but hands down.....the Fried Chicken was out of this world. Next time Fried Chicken is what to order and the Gumbo!!!!  I love Yelp.I ordered the 2 piece Cajun fried chicken which comes with rabbit and sausage jambalaya and cole slaw.  I've heard from a couple different people that Coop's has possibly the best fried chicken in NOLA and I'm gonna have to disagree.  The chicken was just plain dry and even the fact that I stumbled in half drunk from French Quarter Fest couldn't make up for it (I'm usually much more forgiving when inebriated).  Maybe the chef was having an off day but I don't see the point in following up on it, too many other great restaurants in town.Lines can be long- we ate at the bar because there was no wait and , well I had to feed the beast  before it got cranky (a.k.a. my belly) Went here a couple of times- dug the fried chicken and the red beans and rice. Staff was pretty awesome tooGreat cajun food and fun, down-home southern atmosphere! The shrimp and tasso was amazing! The omelet was OK, but nothing special.First stop was the restroom which was so filthy it was alarming. Males in the group said men's room was dirty like a gas station. Two inch cockroach walked right over our table. Service sucked and food was no better.Amazing fried chicken- don't play games, get three pieces instead of two. Crowded even on a Tuesday afternoon. Pasta was average, stick with the chicken. Friendly, casual service.Best Jambalaya Ever!! Can't wait to come back to NOLA to get some. Everything wonderful about this place has all been written below. But their Jamba has the perfect flavor and dryness that a Jamba should have!! MMMMMM!!!Four and a half stars for the food......but a minus 2 for the cleanliness.   By far the worst bathroom I have ever been in the Western Hemisphere, and I'm including portapotties.  The trash can , that you have to use to prop the door shut, because the lock doesn't work, must be made out of asbestos because there are so many cigarette burns in it that it should have melted if it wasn't.  The soap is from a used kitchen squeeze bottle and the toilet bucks you about 4 inches to the side when you sit down, so you know the uck is leaking all over the floor.   A cockroach ,only a little smaller than my fist ,tried to race me back to my table,  and probably would have won if another patron hadn't gotten him.    But the jambalaya ... Excellent!   And the fried seafood appetizer... Exceptional!   It's not just a dive bar,  it's a health horror movie with excellent food.The food was good but it is more over an eat and move on restaurant, not a place to hang. And DO NOT cross the sign that says wait to be seated and line up to the left of the door. They can be very ugly about it.The GF and I asked the good people at Pravda where we could find a great place for Cajun food and they recommended Coop's Place.  Far be it from me to ignore the advice of savvy locals, off we went!  Coop's Place is a small, no frills, place dominated by the bar in the center of the room and a pool table in the back.  Given the relatively tiny dining space, diners are queued up outside (there's absolutely no space to wait for a table or seat at the bar inside) per instructions posted on the front door.  While waiting in line, I got a flash of the Seinfeld Soup Nazi episode.  Although they do have menus, all of the selections are also posted on a big chalkboard near the front entrance.Once we were seated, the fun began.  I ordered their house specialties, a cup of Seafood Gumbo, and the Jambalaya Supreme.  My girlfriend had the Red Beans & Rice with Sausage, and a side of the Creole Green Beans.  Cutting to the chase, when they say that the Gumbo and Jambalaya are their specialties, they aren't lying!  The Seafood Gumbo was amazing!  While it was served with rice, it was dominated by big, tasty pieces of seafood.  Each spoonful I swallowed came with shrimp, crabmeat or oysters bathed in a perfect roux accented by fresh vegetables and file.  Hands down, it was the best gumbo I've ever had and it may have been the best thing I ate while I was in town, which is saying a lot because...the Jambalaya Supreme was also incredible!  Hands down, it was the best jambalaya I've ever had!  Perfectly seasoned and prepared, the rice was spot-on tender with healthy portions boneless rabbit, shrimp, and their house-made tasso (smoked pork sausage).  The tasso had a bold, but definitely not overpowering, smokiness that put the dish over the top!  My one critique was that my plate of Jambalaya was not as hot temperature-wise as it should've been coming out of the kitchen.  Still, it was a minor fault for an otherwise flawless dish!Service provided the biggest hiccup of the night.  Our server was friendly, knowledgeable about the menu, and for the most part attentive, but she didn't notice we didn't have any utensils or napkins at our table even when she brought out our food.  Additionally, my girlfriend never got her order of Creole Green Beans.  Thankfully, they took it off our bill.  Final tally....Food:  4.5 stars which would've been a 5 star effort if the Jambalaya had been served at the proper temperature.  Service:  3 stars.  Overall:  3.75 stars rounding up to 4.  I really enjoyed Coop's Place!  I'll gladly go again the next time I'm in town!We walked in late Friday night and the dimly lit place was still rather full.  We were weary travelers, but the food came quick and perked us right up.  I was worried that I might be upset biting into bunny with my  cup o' rabbit & sausage jambalaya, but I forgot all about it because it was terribly flavorful with a bit of kick (and yes, the teeny bits of rabbit that might have been in there tasted like chicken).  Mooched off my dining companion's shrimp etouffee because it was too delicious to resist.  Oh, and the marinated lamb ribs were finger licking, messy, and fatty - the way I believe they are meant to be.  My favorite meal in NOLA - just straight up, no nonsense good cajun/creole food.Hole in the wall place that looks like a dive. It's a favorite with the locals.  Had the best shrimp creole ever.  good, friendly service.  A must stop when in NOLA.Went here twice and both times wonderful food. If you looked at this place you would think. HOW THE HELL DID THEY PASS INSPECTION? But the food is wonderful. My friends got the fried chicken and said it was some of the best they had eaten. I ordered the crawfish and tasso pasta. They actually make the tasso there, which taste wonderful. The pasta was packed full of crawfish tails and tasso. Nothing like getting a dish and it only having a few of each just enought to say it is in there but this one isn't like that at all.I'm hesitant to write a review because they don't exactly want more business. That said, one review is but a drop in the bucket, and people are going to show up regardless.We shuffled on over for a drink and some food, noting that Coop's actually had salad (!) available. In a city that believes butter is a fruit and chicken is a vegetable, a plain old salad is nothing to sneer at. I swear I got scurvy over the week I was in town. ANYWAY. Coop's. Didn't want to sit at the bar, so we had a bit of a wait. No big deal, wasn't too bad. Got in and promptly got some drinks. My g&t was fairly priced at $4 and good lord it was strong. Like, burn your nose strong. That's about a million points in their favor, because not all of us like to drink watery sugar slushies with rum in them. Just sayin', French Quarter. Just sayin'. I ordered the jambalaya with salad, which came out of the kitchen reasonably fast. And it was reasonably good. Not at all spicy (boo), but everything was completely adequate. At this point my review would normally equal out to about a three, but the attitude there was marvelous. Like, no, we are not going to clear off these tables and let people in, because the kitchen can't handle that right now. And if they don't like it they can leave. That sort of outlook, coupled with the friendliness of the bartender, bumps it up to a four.I find it somewhat unbelievable that there are over 600 mostly 4 and 5 star reviews for Coop's Place, but the numbers don't lie. After much hype from Yelp reviewers and friends, we headed with high hopes to Coop's Place for dinner tonight and were very disappointed. I've given very few 2 star reviews in the past, but this one is warranted.Thursday night around 6 o'clock there was about a three to four minute wait for a table of two. A table of two isn't actually a table of two, but two chairs available at a table of eight. Not a problem, just a fact. Service is to the point; no greeting, just "Are you ready to order?". We were ready and excited to try the cajun fried chicken and each ordered a 3-piece. While we were waiting for our food, we spotted... ROACHES!... crawling up and down the wall and squished dead on the floor. Part of me wanted to start this review with the word ROACHES but I felt like taking the high road. We probably should have just left at that point, but we decided to stick it out. Well, it wasn't worth sticking around for. While the fried chicken looked perfect, with thin crispy skin, it was almost completely flavorless and very dry. Also, my third piece of chicken was like the smallest chicken wing ever. It was so small that the server actually asked which one of us ordered the two-piece when he brought our food. The fried chicken is served with a side of rabbit and sausage jambalaya and coleslaw. The jambalaya was fine, kind of tasted like it had been sitting in the pot for a while, but go figure, the boy said that the coleslaw was the best he's ever had. The food was definitely forgettable, to the point that I was trying to forget I ever ate it.I won't even name drop places with better fried chicken in New Orleans, but I will say that I'd sooner rather never eat fried chicken again than to go back to Coop's Place.My wife and I loved Coops place and would definitely go back if we make to NOLA again. I checked it out due to reviews online and got the fried chicken and jambalaya, and both were fantastic. The chicken was well seasoned, crispy skin and perfectly cooked. The rabbit and sausage jambalaya on the side was very tasty and well cooked as well and was a good portion. My wife had the Coops omelet which contained shrimp, bacon, cheese and fried oysters. The oysters absolutely made the meal and while you should be ready for the calorie bomb, I was happy that she needed me to finish it! I ordered a sazerac, and my wife did as well not knowing what it was - so I got 2 after she tried it (she's not a fan of rye). Fortunately they were well made and my hangover was willing. We got plenty of food that we loved and a couple good drinks for a reasonable price. I would definitely recommend it and return if I get the chance. Be aware that it is 21+ only with no exceptions, and it might be a bit intimidating for some since its a smaller bar that qualifies as a dive (but in the best way). Its in a fine part of town so there's no worries, though.Manager was biggest dick in restaurant industry.  Immediately started dropping f bombs and flipping customers off.  Uncomfortable for me and my family.  Long lines and lots of open table; very inefficient mansgement.We got the crab stuffed jalapeño appetizer or something like it and that was delicious!  I got the chicken and pasta and the pasta was so delicious.  The chicken was dry.  My husband got the red beans and rice and pork chop and hated it.  He said the pork chop was dry and he red beans and rice were downright nasty.  Drinks weren't great, but it is a pretty cool place.i've been wanting to try this place because everyone raves about it. Considering the expectations, it was pretty damn disappointing.  i sat at the bar and got a cup of gumbo and a cup of jambalaya...so i didn't have to deal with waiting for a table.  That was cool.  Unfortunately so was my food.  The guy next to me warned me when i sat down that his gumbo came out cold.  it was still pretty good...but that's totally unacceptable.  i would have sent it back, but i was afraid to piss off the kitchen (you never know...)  i was also afraid the room temperature gumbo was going to come back to haunt me later...but thankfully it didn't.  The portion sizes are pretty small for the price too.  i ordered the small portions, so i was expecting this to be the case, but jambalaya is not terribly expensive to make...even if you put rabbit in it.  You'll definitely wanna practice some "mindful eating."i'm probably gonna give 'em another shot...but i expected better from them.  At least the service was pretty good.  i noticed the back of this waitress' shirt said "Consistently inconsistent since (whenever they opened)" so at least they're honest about it.Hole in the wall, Check!  Amazing food, Check!  Reasonable prices, Check!  Yep, fits all my criteria for a good place to eat.  My only problem, was the service was eh, which is why it didn't get a 5.  The Jambalaya was THE BEST I've ever had.One of the only popular Quarter joints I ever bother with. My girl and I have a running joke that if you put your finger on Jackson Square you've found ground zero for boring, overpriced milquetoast garbage food masquerading as New Orleans cuisine. The further you go in any direction the better the food gets. Coops is a notable exception because its in the kill zone of bad food but is indeed legit. The Jambalaya is consistently the best I ever eat. My first time there a few years ago it was a quiet midday, midweek, midsummer, midKatrina revival. Our waitress came over to take our order with a smile then mid sentence she bolted out the door only to drag some guy in by the arm up to the bar where she berated him loudly for ducking out on a tab the night before, punctuated by an open handed slap to his face! He sheepishly dug into his wallet and got right, her threatening him if he ever did her like that again. She came right back over and didn't skip a beat, picking up right where she left off with our order, smile included. I rolled laughing! Come on by and enjoy the real quarter.fucking amazing3.5/5 solid food and drink.it's a restaurant/bar/whatever you need it to be. we tried the taste plate to kinda give it our first go, and i'd say the only thing that stuck out to me was the jambalaya, which had spices up in every corner of my mouth. delish. the crowd and staff are entertaining, and it's a come-as-you-are place. bonus points for letting my friend charge his phone at the bar, and we were equipped for a night of draanks.This is one of the establishments in New Orleans that I HAVE to go to every time I visit. It's a bit of a hole in the wall. However, the food is excellent. Fried chicken? Gumbo? Jambalaya? So very tasty. There's a reason it's almost always packed in there!I wasn't gonna do it...but i feel like i HAVE TO after reading these reviews! Coops Place used to be a fantastic local watering hole; i should know, i lived upstairs for 7 years. After reading the reviews, it is as plain as day what happened - Miami, Brooklyn, New Haven - everywhere but NEW ORLEANS is reviewing this place! Don't like the wait outside? Never had it before it was overrun with tourists! Amazed that your cooked to order fried chicken arrived in 5 minutes? Never happened before all of you got "the inside scoop from a local" about how awesome it is. The most telling comment of all - "I've never heard so many tourists say that locals say this place is amazing!" Funny - me either. I remember when you could walk into coops, get a great meal and a drink with your friends and have a terrific time at a local bar - now it's Applebees of the South - Authentic New Orleans for all of your Tourist Needs!Also, it's written right on the menu that they DO NOT SPLIT CHECKS. Not big readers here on yelp? I've seen that comment so many times - there's a reason they write it down!!! If you're good enough friends to eat at a table with someone, you should be good enough friends to figure out how to equitably share a bill. It breaks my heart to see what really DID used to be an amazing LOCAL place overrun and eventually run down by whiny tourists. Waaaah - they're surly! Waaaah - we couldn't split the check 20 ways and pay with five credit cards - boooo hoooo!I bet they'd still split the check for you on Bourbon Street - why don't you go check it out and give us back our bar??!!Really this place is a local favorite?  I'm shocked!  The service was good and the prices were only okay, not great.  I ordered a burger and it was so bad I couldn't eat it - and that's like something I don't do, not eat.  My friends ordered gumbo and other NOLA style dishes they said were only MEH.  Meh, in New Orleans for crying out loud.  Apparently this place makes for a better bar than anything; those who were drinking seemed to like it than those that were sober.  Listen to this sober bird, don't go here for the food.There food is really good, but it's not an ideal place to take your mom since it's more like a bar and less like a restaurant. That said, their jambalaya is really good. My mom was in disbelief about there being rabbit sausage in it though. "They don't actually put real rabbit meat in there, do they?" I nod my head. When in New Orleans, eat what the locals eat. It was spicy, warm, and tasty. I don't even think there was too much rabbit meat if you are worried about it. Coleslaw was good, and my mom enjoyed the seafood fettuccine.I had the two piece fried chicken plate that came with jambalaya and cole slaw. The jambalaya wasn't my favorite but everyone else seemed to like it. I like my food hot and the jambalaya was kind of cold so that might be why I didn't enjoy it as much. The fried chicken however was delicious! The skin was crispy and the chicken was juicy and tender. We also ordered a side of fries to share which I would recommend. These fries are just as good as my favorite fries at Brasserie 19 in Houston and cost so much less! We had crab claws as well which were also good. It reminded me of shrimp cocktail but with crab claws instead of shrimp.The jambalaya here is Fantastic! A must try. Don't come here if you want fine dining come here for great food and a comfortable atmosphere. It is the best jambalaya I have had in New Orleans!Coop's is where the locals tell you to go for the best damn jamb, and there's a reason for that. Go early if you don't want to wait but even if you have to, it's well worth your effort. Say hi to "Stella", the adorable feline and order the Supreme Jambalaya, which is the best meal I've ever had in New Orleans,  probably the best in my life. Absolutely delicious, filled with nubbins of rabbit, sausage, chicken, etc...SO deeply flavorful and immensely filling with such a huge portion. Our server usually is a slightly sardonic lady with a great sense of humor, and she fits the place perfectly.  HIGHLY recommended. You truly soak up New Orleans' flavor and attitude here.This was our first stop before heading to Jazz fest. Despite having my balls busted for getting everyone to walk a whole mile to try this spot but, I didn't wanna let down our buddy, Wild Wild Tom West, down. Anyways, the bloodys were spicy, the smoked duck quesadillas were awesome, the rabbit and sausage jambalaya was also great and spicy, and the crab stuffed poppers were just ok. But overall it was a good warm up to the gluttony that lay before us.......Let's start with the good.  The food is amazing.  Me and my friends were in town for a Bachelor weekend and wanted the true taste of New Orleans.  We had it right here.  I had the Jambalaya Supreme and absolutely loved it.  However, it did have one fault...there was not enough of it.  I felt that the portion was very small and wished they served a larger portion size.  I would have even been ok paying a few dollars more, but it is a good price for what you get.  I will also mention that my dining companions seem very happy with their dinners, portion size and all.Now we move on the bad...our waitress was downright rude.  She brought everything on time and kept us well supplied with water which is why I'm reframing for calling her outright terrible.  However, she was rude especially when we were working to pay the bill.  Apparently the place has a one credit card only policy and the waitress snapped at us when we tried to use more than one.  It took some haggling, but she did agree to take two cards.  That being said, be warned about this policy in advance because it's only mentioned in a very tiny line at the bottom of the menu.  All six of us missed it.Because this woman is only one aspect of this restaurant and the food was so good, I'm only taking one star off.  I enthusiastically say go, but be warned about the credit card policy and the red headed waitress.If you're looking for top notch, fast service, this aint the place.  Having said that, if you are looking for down home southern food, you must get to Coop's place.  We had a blast here!!  The Jambalaya is SUPER GOOD!!!Yeah, I know it's hard to get a seat and the service is kinda lame at times and attitudes abound from members of front of the house staff...But dammit I love Coop's!!! Truth be told Coop's is hands down my absolute favorite place to eat in NOLA and after 7 years I will still circle blocks in search if parking and walk blocks to eat here! My favorite menu items are the Chicken Tchoupitoulas which due to the amazing house made Tazo ham is likened to a warm and cozy plate of camp fire love! Ha ha. My second choice is the Blackened Red fish which is in my opinion the prime steak of fish! See beyond the pirate waitstaff with bad attitudes and the spotty service, the long wait for seating and embrace this restaurant one menu item at a time!What a find!If you're looking for a local, divy, where the locals eat and play, then you got to stop at Coops!Problem is that tourists (who try to blend in as locals like we do) are finding out about this place.  The bartender that waited on us seemed a little annoyed at that fact too but we weren't sure if he was serious or not.The place was pretty full so we took seating at the bar, a little cramped but manageable.I had the Coop's taste plate and my partner had the Chicken Tchoupitoulas.  Both meals were mouth-watering, local flair damn good!  I cleaned my plate, was full and still could have eaten more!The restaurant is really a bar/restaurant, on the edge of the French Quarter and the walk to the place is safe (right across from the French Market).The place is 'aged' along with most of the other businesses in NO but that certainly adds to the experience.The only negative on the night we were there was the bathroom.  Bring your hand wipes and skip the bathroom.  It was vile and very unattended, seriously unattended.Don't let that get in the way of some great food and the epitome of a New Orleans local experience.Great portions and very good cajun food. I'd go back.i love this dive bar on lower decatur.the food is to die for. service can be a lil slacky, but hey....it's new orleans and sometimes things roll as slow as molasses here.....mmmmm...mmm...mm......try the paneed chicken if you're into fried. the seafood gumbo is killer too.the iced tea is fresh brewed and COLD.mmmmm...... i fantasize about this place.SURLY SERVICE - BAD FOOD - UGLY. This is a tourist trap. The waiters made us feel unwelcome and like we were imposing on them by asking for recommendations. The food was like bad cap food, and arrived cold. Don't be fooled by the line outside. It's there because the place is small and the service is slow, not because the food is worth the wait.It's delicious and I highly recommend. But warning - when it says "not good for kids" it really means - "no kids allowed." They said it was something about video poker ... which makes no sense because tons of places here have it - it's just in a barely separated area so kids don't go in. So you'll be super bummed if you try to take your kids here for their great food :)This place was recommended by a couple I'd met earlier in the day.  There was a line outside when we got there but the wait was only about 15 minutes.  The food was excellent.  I had the shrimp creole and my boyfriend had the sampler plate.  Both were perfectly spiced and large portions.  They have many beers to choose from but none on tap.  I'm in New Orleans for a couple more days and I think I'll return for the chicken.Recommended to us by one of the local business owners,we loved the atmosphere of this rustic hole in the wall eatery.It pays to ask the locals if you are only in town for a few days.The Shrimp Creole and the Jambalaya were great and so was the Abita beer.Our pony-tailed waiter was doing a great job looking after a million people it seemed.We came back a second time and the food,service and atmosphere went down hill no doubt compounded by our smart arse waiter.He called us antsy pants for sitting there like dumb shits for 10 minutes waiting for someone to acknowledge us.He got even worse after that.He was the tall,skinny,dark haired,youngish dude who didn't have a clue what he was doing.We give the 4 stars because of first time we visited otherwise it would have been 5 stars.My little cup of gumbo was packed with flavor and managed to include the trifecta: a juicy mussel, a crawfish claw, and a shrimp. The homemade blue cheese dressing was so good, it stands on its own -- one should be able to order it without the salad (though there was nothing wrong with the salad). Coop's is divey, but in a charming way. I loved the worn-smooth wooden benches and the smoky tang in the air.one of the few places i came across some veggies in new orleans.  to start we had Coop's Taste Plate, which came with a wide variety of sample sized dishes:Gumbo:- good seafoody soup base- they boiled the slime out of the okra which i appreciate- some legitamate green veggies in here!Fried Chicken:- crispy skin, juicy meat - probably the best executed fried chickens i have ever eaten, however the chicken was very bland.   it would be the perfect fried chicken if they had flavored it some more.Shrimp Creole:- lots of tomatoes, with buttery shrimp- it tasted like canned tomatoes and was very red, either that or they sauteed the tomatoes for a very long time- nothing too special, but i appreciate the use of tomatoes in NOLARedbeans and Rice:- exactly what it is.Rabbit + Sausage Jambalaya:- the best jambalaya i have ever had!  it was packed with flavor, not too salty, and had a tiny kick to it! - rabbit meat was pretty minor in this dish, i would not be able to tell the difference between this and boiled chicken breast.  **would highly recommend***the jambalaya and the chicken were good so we ordered them as a dinner plate.   we ordered 3 pieces of chicken with that, however the 3rd piece of chicken was a skinny wing with no meat on it so i would recommend not paying any extra for more chicken on this dish because this place will cheap out on you.   service: nice and hospitable, however they are severely short staffed.   it took forever to get our food or to ask our waiter for anything because he was also the bartender.   overall this is a decent restaurant and i would recommend coming at a non-busy hour and getting the fried chicken and jambalaya** entreeCoop's Place has the most authentic and yummy seafood gumbo in the French Quarter. It's a small place; like a dive bar but the food is sooooo good and reasonably priced. Ask your server if you don't know what to get or get one of everything. You can't go wrong. I may go back there tonight; getting hungry for some gumbo.Coops, coops.... where to start?  Terrible, seat yourself service. No frills bar, grumpy bartenders who look at you like you're stupid if you don't know that they do not have any liquors to make shots with. Bathrooms that are basically outhouses, and people everywhere eating like their lives will be over any minute and they just want to make sure they don't die hungry.Yep.. Coops was awesome! We of course got the fried chicken, and it was AMAZING. The pieces were big, the chicken was juicy and best of all, it was not greasy the way that fried chicken often is. Every bite was hot, seriously.. it never cooled down the way fried food does. AMAZING. The chicken gets served with some very blah jambalaya and coleslaw. Both sides were pretty bad and forgettable. If I could do it again, I'd try for a different side or better yet... MORE CHICKEN and NO SIDES! The couple next to us ordered some sort of crawfish pasta, and she had some SERIOUS food envy looking at our delicious chicken!If you're going to NOLA or you live there and haven't tried it, get yourself to Coops. Best fried chicken you'll have, and technically, its still Cajun.Some of the best Cajun food I had while at Mardi Gras, maybe even in my life. Not the best service at all though..anything but the gumbo!!  This is my first stop when I come to town.  If the line is long, stop to get a traveler at Molly's (great bloody mary) and visit with your neighbor.  This place attracts lots of great travelers and only has one waitress, who rocks it!!Get the lamb app and the fried chicken.Had heard that the food was excellent and atmosphere was low-key and friendly. We got neither: my shrimp creole was just undercooked rice, bland shrimp and watery tomatoes. My guests said his red beans and rice with sausage was heavily buttered and he couldn't taste much else. The waitress all but ignored the two of us while she was incredibly rude to a family of five nearby. Pass on this Place.My dining partner had been recommended this joint by a well-traveled brother. I loved that it was off the tourist-y Bourbon Street path (which is surprisingly full of children and their middle-aged vacationing parents and damn overpriced) so I accepted his dinner invitation. We walked the short distance from our Marriott Hotel on Canal to this small "local's secret" hole-in-the-wall spot. There was already a crowd out front at 6p-ish on a Thursday, but they were groups of 4 or more so we walked in and asked if we could sit at the open table for two by the bar. We got a grunt for an answer from the bartender. We took that as a yes and sat down. I can't remember exactly what I asked after that - something pretty tame like what the beers on tap were, or if we ordered at the bar or if there would be a server - but I remember getting a stern, condescending "you're not on Bourbon Street any more you tourist and you won't get catered to" sort of response. It was really off-putting as I'm certainly not out of my element in a dive (bar or diner) and doubt I came across as pretentious. But it really soured my taste on the rest of the experience. In any case, we sat down and I got a bottle of their local brew, and enjoyed the low key vibe and was delighted by their very local menu : Rabbit and Sausage Jumbalaya, Cajun Fried Chicken, Shrimp Creole, Red Beans and Rice, Blackened Red Fish, etc. Their prices were a tad on the high side considering their ambiance and service, but this place clearly had a reputation, so I went with it. I asked the server how spicy the Red Beans and Rice was. His response: if you have to ask don't get it. Um... ok. Maybe that' their schtick, to be rude? So I got the Rabbit Jumbalaya and Cajun Fried Chicken. And my friend got the Red Beans and Rice. It came out in a reasonable amount of time and I was pretty unimpressed. It was only ok. The worst part: I tried my friend's RB&R and it wasn't hardly spicy at all. All my personal bitterness aside, I was ready to let this place win me back with their food. I was ready to take one bite and go "they act as lame as they want, I love it!" Um, didn't happen. Oh well. I'm not sorry we went, but I won't recommend it or go back. NOTE: Reading the other reviews the attitude I experienced is certainly the norm, I am definitely one of those people who got treated like a tourist and am just annoyed since (I don't think) I act like or look like a tourist (I loved Decatur far more than Bourbon, and felt much more in my element there; like I said I'm no stranger to dives and the very different rules and etiquette expected of patrons of them). So I concede that, but I still default back to my "the food was not worth the money or the hype." Two star review stands.I have to be honest, the server was rude. The server literally told an older lady, seriously, that she was going to get the rabbit and sausage jambalaya and she was going to like it. Despite the fact she didn't want it, and said she didn't like rabbit. Her husband was with her, moved a table out a little bit, and the server said, "Please don't move the furniture. I'm the only one who moves the furniture here." Well, my wife ordered the fried chicken and red beans and rice, and I ordered a shrimp po-boy. They brought on mine correct, but my wife got another chicken dish, followed by another wrong dish, and finally, after I'd been done eating about 10 minutes, the fried chicken she'd wanted. (Which she did enjoy.) My shrimp po-boy was okay, no major complaints.If you are from out of town, you need to come here. Great spicy food. Get the sampler platter, it is huge. The bar tender, who seemed like the owner took great pride in the food and explained what everything was. Big fan of the jambalaya and shrimp creole. It has a dive bar atmosphere. By just walking in, it is hard to tell this place has awesome food, but it does. They also served food until 12am, which is key. It was cheap. I got the huge sampler plate for around $12. They have a decent beer selection as well. If you want to experience a local joint with local food this is it.one of the food highlights of our trip.  atmosphere is divey with brick walls, sticky uneven wood tables, and stone floors.rabbit & sausage jambalaya was the best thing i had: flavorful, not greasy or mushy, and plenty of meat.seafood gumbo was also good.  fresh shrimp with lots of veggies.  soup had a kick, but not overpowering.the fried chicken was the best i had in nola.  large, juicy and tender.  seasoning on the breading was just right.  not too thick, not too salty, and it stayed on the chicken.tasso is homemade apparently.red beans & rice was blah.  not very flavorful.You must be 21 cause its a bar. But it's really good Cajun & creole food for a bar. Way more than we ever expected. It's kind of off the main path of Decatur but still on the edge of the French Quarter. Fried Chicken was good seasoned well and the Jambalaya was good full of flavor. Very affordable for what you get. It's a small place and always seems busy so try to come before or after the rush.Apparently not everyone can handle the rude staff but if you dont have paper thin skin, the food is well worth the sub par service. Its a close quartered dive bar setting with great food. The Fried Chicken and Rabbit Jambalaya plate is the way to go. A nice portion for a great price. Sit at the bar and enjoy an Abita brew for the full experience. In a location full of "mediocre at best" tourist trap restaurants, coops is a gem.I heard a lot of hype about this place and I have to say that it was just ok. We sat at the bar which was perfect but the food seemed rushed and slopped on the plate. In fact everybody's food seemed to look the same. It also felt a little dark and dirty. The bartenders were in particularly bad moods...and it seemed as though that was just their M.O. Whatever. There was a long line to get in the last time I walked by. I wouldn't wait again but if there was a table open I'd swing in for something fried and naughty. Drinks were big which was nice.In all fairness, the food was great and the environment was wonderful. The service, however, was terrible. The servers were rude, and we waited almost an hour for our food, on a less-than-busy Monday evening. If the service were better, we would consider returning for the food. With the service as it is, we would rather eat elsewhere.Very rustic, beautiful location in the heart of the French Quarter. service is quick.Is it me or is everyone in New Orleans rude? This place is no different. The place is overrated, the food was Ok.Great local place.  Could be a long wait if you are coming for dinner but they get your food and drinks out in a speedy fashion.  Come here for their gumbo! It was delicious...and anything else fried on the menu.  Their bartender looks EXACTLY like Jason Mraz...fyi!This was a pretty cool and chill spot. The Purple Haze beer was very good. The food was good too, but I personally would not say it  was AWESOME! We had a shrimp plate and fried chicken. The service was great and they had good music too. Overall we enjoyed it, but not sure we would go there again...it was really A-O.K.I love this little place,  food is excellent, would definitely recommended the the sample place n fried chicken.I stopped by cause the reviews but sorry you guys were a little too generous with the stars. It was good food don't get me wrong but it wasn't amazing by any means. The place is very dingy and the staff kind of seems like they take meth breaks instead of cigarette breaks. I had the sausage and rabbit jumbalaya and it was pretty good with the perfect amount of spice to eat. Would I go back? Nope the place just made me feel scummy.I was very disappointed. I ordered the sampler plate, which was presented poorly.  Only to be horrified by the taste.  The shrimp creole was too sweet, the rabbit and sausage jambalaya was mushy and sticky. The gumbo was watery and flavorless, like they had made it a few hours before. The red beans and rice were god awful. This is New Orleans, I would expect better from a cajun restaurant in Topeka, Kansas. I realize it is supposed to be a cool dive bar with good food, but where's the good food. I was embarrassed to bring guests there. I raved about this cool little spot. I will say that the shrimp poboys looked great. Don't know bif there will be a next time.  Anyway, Johnny's Poboys is better.I've only tried the gumbo here and it was pretty tasty! Very authentic tasting, as if the ingredients were fished out of the water that very morning. The place was very cozy and you can even enjoy the company of their cat! I'd like to come back to try more items on the menu next time.First of all, if you've ever lived in Boston or NYC, you must go to this place.  The staff will make you feel like you're back home with their "you really, really don't want to f*$k with me attitude" coupled with brutal honesty (e.g.  Q: "How's the redfish today?"  A:  "Well, if the cook is as hung over as me, and I believe he is, I wouldn't order it.  Go with something he can't f%&k up")Second, the food is amazing.  Really. Amazing.  Red beans and rice.  Yum.  Especially when you get two pieces of some of the best fried chicken ever on top (on TOP?  who wudda thunk?)!  And the Jambalaya supreme is, well, supreme.  Also, you must try the duck quesadillas, the lamb chops AND--best of all for those nights when you need to sop up all the poison coursing through your veins..and maybe your heart--the crab-stuffed jalapenos. They're the kind of poppers that won't give you a headache!Finally, at a place like Coops...why would you ever sit at a table.  Sit at a bar w the locals and the occasional tourist.The only place that had really good Jambylaya as far as I was concerned... and they cook it  slowly over 24 hours with bits of rabbit and andoulli sausage in it, oh my god... it's a food-gasm.  And the alligator, and the duck quesillia!  Oh my I want some right now.This is by far one of the best places I have eaten at in New Orleans or any where for that matter! Best bets to try:  Pasta Opelousas, Redfish Meuniere,  and the Chicken Tchoupitoulas. They are all delicious! They also have an omlette on the menu that I am longing to try. Hangtown Fry Omelette.  "Fried oysters, bacon, cheddar cheese & green onions. Served with fries. A historic recipe from the Gold Rush era. Legend purports that a death row inmate (hoping for a delay) requested this dish with hard to get ingredients for his last meal." Everytime I visit New Orleans though, When I wake up, all I can think about is beingets. Haha.I understand why people gave this s***hole a 5 star rating. I really do. The food is great. The customers were mostly locals. But when my friends and I from NYC who heard about this place were told this is the only place people went to for New Orleans food we had to check it out. We got there and were insulted by the service. We were seated and waited 30-45 min for the waiter to get our order. You know what happened? I raised my arm to get a waiter's attention and after 5 min of tireless waiting, a bitchy waitress told me "You know, the longer you hold your hand up the longer we'll not serve you." She said that to me! It's only assumed they spit into my food. The food was still good. But the service was horrible. Never going there again.Staff is rude. You must seat yourself and wait 15 minutes before anyone comes over and asks if you would like something to drink. I ordered the Pasta Rosa. It was good but very spicy. My friend had the red beans and rice with sausage. The sausage tasted like breakfast sausage and the red beans and rice were nothing spectacular. To end my meal with a sighting of a mouse was definitely unexpected. The waiter did apologize about the critter. FYI they will not split checks and you can only pay with one card. I will not be returning...I'm a little surprised that this place has such mixed reviews. I can kinda understand that reviews complaining about how it's dirty and the bartenders are rude, but that didn't bother me. What's with the review about how this is in a bad neighborhood? It's in the freakin' French Quarter. Anyway, my husband and I ate here four times during our five day stay in New Orleans. The food is really, really good! We had the seafood gumbo, supreme jambalaya, red beans and rice, fried chicken, and blackened shrimp chef's salad. The gumbo and blackened shrimp salad were my favorite. The gumbo has big chunks of seafood in it, and the salad uses nice veggies. I'm not a huge meat fan, but I know enough about meat to tell that the jambalaya, red beans and rice, and fried chicken were also really well done. They have a good selection of beer and the cocktails were tasty. I saw quite a few pasta dishes and sandwiches coming out of the kitchen as well. Speaking of the kitchen, most of the food appears to be cooked in the back courtyard, so if you're squeamish that might skeeve you out a bit. We didn't mind. The space itself is reminiscent of a dive bar and the servers and bartenders fit the stereotype. I'm used to this kind of a place, but I could see how it would come off as unwelcoming and dirty to people who typically eat at places like TGI Fridays or Olive Garden. But, if you're not pretentious or boring, and want some good traditional NOLA food, I highly recommend Coop's Place!A dirty little hole in the wall of place. Good food, great service. Scary looking kitchen! I got the runs, so make your own call.Even though there was a long line outside of this restaurant, the food was just average.  I stopped in here with my parents for lunch because they received a good recommendation.  I had the oyster Po Boy and there wasn't anything special about it.  The ingredients were fresh and of good quality, but there really was no extraordinary taste to it.  I guess you could say it was bland.  There are plenty of other great lunch spots to experience in NOLA before trying Coop's Place.I wouldn't go back to Coop's. We waited in a line even at 8:30pm and I can't say it was worth it. The food was cheap and wasn't bad, but nor was it the "best jambalaya ever". It tasted good at first, but was too rich. The ambience is that of a dive bar; bad service and two of the waiters got in a yelling match with a table of customers who dared to whistle to get someone to come to their table. Yikes - awkward! Thought it was going to be a fist fight there for a minute. Not my cup o'tea.When you walk into coops it doesn't seem like the kind of place that would have great food. It's a very casual bar with no frills. My friend and I shared the sampler plate which included jambalaya, fried chicken, gumbo, and etoufee. I didn't care for the etoufee but the jambalaya and gumbo both had great flavor! I especially loved the fried chicken which was super crisp on the outside and juicy and tender in the inside.Given how many restaurants in this city actually act like they want you're business, Coop's doesn't even feign any interest.The food here is good.  Damn good.  But, how this place passes any sort of heath inspection is beyond me.  From the wobbly chairs and tables, to the sticky floor, to the standing water in the bathrooms, Coop's clearly survives (and thrives) on their reputation.I don't mind a surly waitress...hell...sometimes, they can be the highlight of a restaurant; but when you're sternly warned about how they don't split checks (not that we were going to), given a loud sigh and shake of the head when we don't order booze, and get pissy when one dares to as questions about the menu, you're just being an asshole.If you bother to go here, at least go when the're slow...like 3 or 4pm.  It's not worth an hour or more wait at lunch or dinner.Came here in 2011 and it was really really good, however, while the menu has stayed the same, the recipes have changed and it is nowhere as good as it used to be. The red beans and rice with fried chicken was bland, the ham hock tasted fishy and the fried chicken was merely ok. This combined with there almost always being a wait and notoriously bad service makes Coops not worth going to any more.We came to this place on a recommendation of a former NOLA resident. The place is super tiny, more like a bar with few tables for eating. the emphasis here is not on a the dining experience. that being said, i don't have high expectations for service. you just have to scope out a table and grab it, don't expect to put your name on a list or anything like that, first come, first serve. i was really excited to eat here. we started with the crab claws, which were good, small portion i thought for the price. then had the green beans, they were OK, supposedly had bacon in it, but i had a hard time detecting any real pieces of it. then the duck quesadilla, WOW, that blew me away, sooo yummy with the buttery sauce!!most of our table order the coop taste plate, with the creole shrimp, jambalaya , red beans and rice and fried chicken. hated the shrimp creole, was like canned tomatoes with shrimp. red beans and rice weren't bad after i salted the hell out them, fried chicken was flavorful and moist, then the jambalaya. this was my first time having it, and i have to say that i didn't think it was good at all. i liked the rabbit in it, first time for rabbit. but overall, it tasted weird to me, like muddled flavors that just didn't go. our native NOLA friends were polite and said that it was the jambalaya that they were used to, but i i think that they really thought it sucked. boyfriend had the pan fried red fish, which was actually really good i thought. lightly breaded with flour then pan fried gave it a really nice crisp of flavor.over all i really didn't like this place. i thought the dinner prices were good, appetizer prices a little high, service was not  great. they served us our drinks in these tiny plastic cups which had to be refilled about 3 times...why not get bigger cups i didn't understand!?!Rude service. Plus, the guy at the bar is a douche. I won't be back no matter how good the food is.mmmmmmmmmthere is just something undeniably good about a warm bowl of gumbo from Coops... or even better, imho, some of that delicious jambalaya with all the fixings (i love seafood!) the fried chicken is also amazing, especially when you're starving for some comfort food at around midnight!the place itself is on the smaller side, with a dark yet inviting interior.  their kitchen stays open fairly late, which is why we ended up there this last time.Coop's is the best find in the French Quarter! Their fried crab claws are the best in the City and pair great with the real (fresh) french fries.  I am a particular fan if the crawfish and andouille pasta.  It comes with the most generous serving of crawfish I've ever sean from a restaurant.   I've also had the fried shrimp which are fresh and perfectly cooked. The batter is delicious.  The atmosphere is.... a bar that many several years ago was a horse barn.  There used to be a sweet little grey kitty that had free roam of the place but someone complained...Im such a fan, you have no idea! This place is a bar with awesome eats..hence the 30 minute wait and line outside of the door! Line up and enjoy the smells! I stopped by here twice on my vacation... First time i had the tasting plate, consisted of Gumbo,shrimp creole, red beans and rice, jambalaya, and fried chicken! Mouth is salavating just thinking about it! Best is red beans and Rice and the Fried Chicken... OMG the fried Chicken!!!! The second time i came back just for the fried Chicken... Only disappointment was the Crab poppers we had for an app, def not worth it! Im from MD so the crab we had in NOLA didnt come close to home! Def will be back here when im in town!I'm not going to lie: I came here because I was told Brangelina ate here sometimes when they were in New Orleans. This place is truly a dive, and a lot of locals come sit at the bar. I ordered the Cajun fried chicken, which came with a rabbit and sausage jambalaya. The fried chicken was really disappointing - it wasn't spicy and it was really overcooked. The chicken was very stringy. On the other hand, the jambalaya was tasty.I lived in New Orleans for 4 years and never went here.  My boyfriend and I jsut got back from visiting there and he was dying to try it.  We went for lunch and ended up going back the next night for dinner! (Who does that on a trip to New Orleans???)  Between the meals we got there my favorite dishes were the smoke duck quesidillas, the redfish soup (a special of the day) and the crawfish pasta.  Other great things we had were the jambalaya, gumbo, and shrimp creole (my BF ordered the shrimp creole and liked it, it was good but my least favorite of our dishes).  We had to drive back to Houston today but hope we can get back to NOLA soon and try more things!Wonderful Cajun food.  The jambalaya is superb.  Service was fast and friendly and the prices were fair.We stumbled upon Coop's and where happily surprised to find a true gem representing Nola's food and culture. The food is cooked outside in the courtyard - today it was 37 degrees outside! The bar is a dive - simple, casual and a real local feel. The food was delicious. I had the jambalaya, salad w/ the house dressing. The jambalaya was made with rabbit and sausage. It was flavorful and really good on a cold day. The salad was fresh and the house dressing yummy. Loved it!This was my go to spot when I go home to New Orleans but this was my LAST visit! This place never has  been known for over friendly wait staff and I'm not one that is overly sensitive  but damn the tatted up waiter with what appears to be good year tires in his ears cursing at the top of his lungs every 5 seconds was just a little too much. Had the Coops platter and too bad it only comes with one piece of fried chicken--that was the BEST thing about this "meal." I only had one bite of the gumbo A.K.A. "dishwater." The rabbit and sausage jambalaya was burnt and dry..Red beans and rice and the shrimp creole were both forgettable. The cat walking all through the restaurant like he worked  there was also a little much for me. So long Coop's it was good while it lasted!This dump averages 4 stars?! You're kidding me right? I'm not from anywhere near New orleans and I can tell the food here is not good. I did enjoy the hole in the wall, dive bar feel of the place, and honestly the fried chicken was actually really good, but everything else on the sampler plate was extremely bland, dry, and overpriced. Definitely not worth the wait or the price ... I've enjoyed a bowl Campbells Chunky sausage and chicken gumbo soup more than their gumbo, enough said.Yum! I had redfish and it was amazing. Very fresh, good flavors, and great portion. Casual place, sort of has a feel of dive bar.Food was fried to hell and back and incredibly greasy.  Plus, when I got credit card statement, they added an extra, substantial tip for themselves.  I called and was told the manager - Jordan - would take care of it.  Despite repeated calls, he never has.  A-hole!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Coop's was a very satisfying experience. My travel companion (Patrick) and I ran through the cajun and creole favs. Gumbo, jambalaya (a local suggested we get it fried and it was tasty), shrimp/oyster po boy, and green beans. The server/ bartender was a no nonsense fellow, but cordial, which I appreciate and prefer. The food runner was chatty and goofy, which I could do without in this particular case. We washed it down with an Abita Amber, of course. All in all this felt like a genuine local hang and a highlight of my time spent in New Orleans.A friend who'd been here years ago insisted we check it out.  We sat at Pravda next door, calling repeatedly to try and order over the phone, but they were busy every time. We finally decided to just go stand outside and wait in line. A short wait (10 minutes, max) later, we were in the door - 7 of us at one large round table.  Our waitress was non-nonsense, sharp, sassy, funny, energetic and really great.  I had a smoked duck quesadilla that I still think about weeks later.  Everyone else had enormous po boys of varying kinds.  Sazeracs abounded.  Would definitely come back and already telling others to check it out.So...definitely should have listened to yelp and only gotten either the fried chicken or the seafood gumbo.  Because their tasting platter seemed reasonably priced (~$14), I went for that instead and was sorely disappointed by the rice & beans, jambalaya, and shrimp creole.  All were alternately too salty or too sour.  I had to drown them all in hot sauce for me to be able to finish the platter (which looks rather like poop).  On the upside, I loved the extra kick in spice in the seafood gumbo (the little crab claw was a nice touch and actually had meat on it) and the fried chicken was good.Coop's Place was a big surprise for me and my friends. We had been wandering around the Quarter for a while and decided we needed something to eat. We wanted to have a drink too and so, as usual, the search began on Yelp. Coops had decent enough reviews and there was mention of good fried chicken, a favorite of mine. Coop's, to be kind, doesn't look like much from the inside or the outside. Its not the cleanest place or most well-lit. It's also a bit crowded. But, the food and service made up for it. We tried a sampling of what Coop's had to offer (rabbit jambalaya, red beans and rice, fried okra, and the fried chicken). We were happy with all of it. The red beans were flavorful and creamy. The jambalaya was well-seasoned and served in good sized portions. The fried chicken was WONDERFUL! Crunchy on the outside, juicy on the inside, and just a bit of heat in the seasoning. I had two pieces and could have had five or six more. Our server was great as well. She kept the drinks full, was friendly, and just took our camera off the table and told us to get together for a picture. Coop's may not look like much at first glance but it is a great restaurant in the Quarter and a place to get good food at a reasonable price.This is one of those dive bars where you would see bras hanging from the celing or dollar bills tacked to the wall.  The Po Boy's and Jambalaya are unexpectedly good.  And the efficent slightly brusque service adds to the appeal of this mostly local joint.  Right across the street from Margaritaville, this is a hidden authentic gem that I will come back to again and again.there weren't any lines for coop's place but it was pretty busy. my husband and i stopped in for lunch because of the great yelp reviews. our waitress was also the bartender so she was back and forth the entire time we were dining. she did a great job keeping our drinks filled since they were just small plastic cups. my husband ordered the fried chicken and i ordered the sampler plate. the gumbo was the most spicy concoction i've ever tasted. and i mean spicy as in spicy peppery and spicy as in cajun spices. i could barely finish it. we both agreed that the fried chicken was pretty good...hot and crispy. the other dishes, shrimp creole and jambalaya were just ok. i'm no cajun cuisine connoisseur, but nothing we had was amazing.After a while you find yourself craving the fried chicken and jambalaya.  Coops is more than just ok its is really fantastic.  If you came to New Orleans and could only eat "New Orleans" food once it should be at Coops.When I have visitors in town who want New Orleans food but don't want to spend a ton of money (around $15 or less) I take them to coops.  It's one of the most stereotypical new orleans restarants - the place is a dive, the service is terrible (the servers are, the bartenders are usually pretty cool) , and the food is delicious.  I would give this place five stars if the service was better and if the food quality was more reliable - I've never had a terrible experience, but sometimes the food is not as good as normal.Coop's Place, I love this place not because it has the same name as my beloved dog or because it's located in one of my favorite cities in the world but because the food is fantastic, this is straight up cajun style cooking.  It's a small place and the service was on the slow side, but it's New Orleans and if you are in a hurry your in the wrong city.I've been here several times and never disappointed!  The Rabbit Jambalaya is awesome and I don't even like Rabbit!  The Seafood Gumbo is amazing too!  The bartender's name is Faye and she really does know her shit when it comes to mixology...best Bloody Mary I've had in awhile.This place is a joke. Rude staff. We had a table of 8. Two friends showed up 15 minutes later. Wanted to sit at the next table to chat with us. They said it was against fire code. LMAO. Might want to check health code... we payed for our drinks and left. All of us have been in the restaurant industry for 20 years plus. I've never been treated so bad. Good luck!!Yes, I can honestly say I am a fan. I was on a whirlwind trip to NOLA  and wanted to hit some places that were not geared towards the tourist or a brand name.  Having to be in meetings all day to 5pm or later and then only having a short time to site see and shop I had to have my meal plans down to a science.  So after many hours of research on the great world wide web (and yelp) I found a couple places to try.  Coop's caught my eye and actually screwed up my plans as I had to come back the second night for another bowl of Jambalaya and skip on a lesser destination.Okay, onto the review.  Don't go in if you expect a clean floor, table cloth, indoor bathroom or for that matter a comfortable quiet booth.  Go, if your looking for friendly people, loud laughing and good home cooked food.  When I ask a Concierge for a recommendation for this type of dinning I describe it as, "A place with dirty floors, sticky tables and food to knock your socks off."  Well, without any recommendation I found this place on my own.  As for the staff here...  All I got to say is folks in this part of the world are a mirror...  If you smile and laugh while looking at a mirror your see a smile and laugh in return..  If you put your ass to the mirror all your going to see is an ass.  Okay, nuff said on that.  Be prepared to watch the bar tenders knock back a shot or three...  Seems Yager is what powers a couple of them.So, I grabbed a seat at the bar and spoke with the bar tender.  There is no draft other than a couple beers who's name I can not utter without a chill running down my back.  I explained this was a first stop and I was looking for their signature dish.  The bartender recommended the Cajun Chicken and Jambalaya Combo and an Arbita Restoration Ale.  So, I went with it.  I made quick dash to the restroom and found that it is of questionable cleanliness as well...  But, the smoker just outside the door sure curbed the piquant aromas of the previous decades worth of wildness and missed opportunities  (to be polite).  By the time I made it back to my spot at the bar the meal was being served.  Fast food no doubt.  Now as I took a picture of the meal the bar tender who was being powered by jager commented rather loudly about food porn and a good laugh...  Yes, I can honestly say the photo will be good enough to enter that category..The order was two pieces of chicken a half breast and a wing.  I was disappointed to the wing as one of the pieces.  I started on the chicken.  The skin was crisp and crunchy.  The meat... tender... very tender... juicy... sweet and flavorful..  I would say one of the best pieces of chicken I have had.  I would rank in the top three places and at the moment place Coop's on the top of the list as the others were long ago.  The second part of the meal..  The Jambalaya Supreme..  Now, this was outstanding.  flavorful, just enough spice to bring on a bit of sweat and full of everything; packed with shrimp, crawfish, sausage, rabbit, smoked pork (tasso)...   This is what made me forget the chicken wing as one of the two pieces on the dinner plate.  There was enough to fill me without being too much.  I am a hearty eater, but this was a perfect plate of enough to be overly satisfying without feeling like a need for more, but wanting that second helping because of the flavor explosion.  I did return the very next night for a second plate of Jambalaya Supreme.  I will say do the combo Chicken and Jambalaya dinner as I think it a better deal overall.  Enjoy the atmosphere and watch your step.Like this place needs another glowing review...but it was so good, I'm doing it anyway. Looks kinda like an old river bar - not necessarily a dump, but nothing fancy going on. Bartenders are some of the nicest people I've ever met. Drinks messed me up, but in a very, very good way.  We had Mint Juleps and Mojitos. They were perfectly executed and heavy on the booze. We started with the crabmeat stuffed jalapenos. Awesome. I followed up with the bunny-rabbit jambalaya. I've never tasted anything so scrumptious in my life. The bar is full of fun and friendly people. I can't wait to go back to New Orleans, and when I do, this is my first stop.Please... Do Not go here.... It's the coolest  bar in NOLA and I want to be able to get a seat!!   The fried chicken is way too good for you to eat...  save it for me!  I beg you!!I went here as it was recommended by a friend of mine.  I should have known what I was getting myself into when i asked the locals about this place and NO ONE knew what it was.  First, we got seated quickly and the first thing is that its very dark, and very dive-y which I typically LOVE.  Unfortunately the wait staff was horrible.  The whole place screams hippy-grunge-i-think-i-like-organic-food-and-make-­my-own-clothes.  The waitress was non-existant , rude when she showed up, and acted as if she were better than us.  This place, by the way, was the only place in New Orleans that we visited that had bad service.  The bartender ignored us (the place wasn't very busy yet as we went before the dinner rush) and we only went to the bartender b/c the waitress took forever.  Now the food.  My boyfriend ordered the chicken and red beans and rice.  He was not happy.  His review was that the chicken was okay but "not popeyes".  He also said his red beans and rice were watery.  Now me.  I ordered the platter.  What came out was a plateful of rice and goop with a chicken wing on top.  First off, if I order something that comes with ONE piece of chicken I expect more than a WING.  At least give me a drumstick....geez.  Anywho I enjoyed the chicken.  It was the ONLY thing I enjoyed.  The flavor was nice and the light breading was good.  The rabbit/sausage/red beans/etc mess on my plate was HORRIBLE.  The rice was undercooked and hard and the flavor tasted like canned tomato sauce with a couple of peppers thrown in for good measure.  I tried to eat it.  I added 2 kinds of hot sauce, pepper, salt.  I couldn't do it.  It was AWFUL.  I left about 90% of the food on the plate.  I'm not one to not eat b/c i LOVE food but man in a city filled with such good food I couldn't let myself eat something so horrible.Service was non existent....seriously.  I could not believe how rude the server and staff were overall.  Like they were doing ME a favor for me coming in there...don't worry..it won't happen again....food was okThe only thing was the fried seafood starter platter which still had the grossest crawfish bites I've ever eaten! The "Cajun fried chicken" - sick!! No flavor, plain and overfried. My hubby had a shrimp po boy which came with no sauce and was actually pretty bad compared to Johnny. Ew - people stop giving this dive bar 4 stars - and the bathroom!! Thank god I only had to wash my hands - one uni-bath that's so gross it reminded me of a Saw movie! Yuck.Man o man! The food here to to die for! Walked 1 mile to get here and waited in line for 25 mins! Worth all the hassle! The gumbo was to die for! The red beans and rice were SO good! The honey mustard that came with the salad was so good that I wanted to just drink that instead of water! The fried chicken I wasn't impressed with! I've had better elsewhere! Best Jambalya I have ever had in my life!!! Would go back in heartbeat!I have been a LOYAL Coop's fan since 1993 when I first stumbled in off the street, met Faye and had one of my best New Orleans lunches ever.I return to New Orleans at least twice a year and always eat there 2 or more times.Over the years I have sent hundreds (maybe more) of friends and my customers there.I was there yesterday......Tuesday March 11th 2013 and as always walked in and sat at the bar but this time things were a little different.I was served a full plate of major, nasty attitude from some b***h waitress about waiting to be seated and not seeing the sign I walked right by.I left and will NEVER return. NEVER!YES......it is that easy to lose a loyal 20+ year patron.Just as well - the food isn't nearly what it once was. Earlier in the week for lunch I had cold beans and rice with burned sausage (I didn't complain).There are simply far too many good restaurants in New Orleans to deal with being treated like s**t at Coop's.Out of all all the culinary stops on my New Orleans itinerary, Coop's Place was probably the one I was most excited about.  All those delicious photos my fellow Yelpers post to accompany their reviews have a way of imbuing a particular restaurant with this kind of unabated hype, while alternately making me fucking HUNGRY as I sit at my laptop dreaming of a vacation and food, but mostly just food ... needless to say, Coop's was a letdown simply because it was not the best meal I had in New Orleans (a pretty impossible bar to set, I realize) the four days I was there, and not even in the top five.Food: Oh, where to start?  I guess with our appetizer, which I can recommend just based on how good it tasted: Smoked Duck Quesadilla.  Well, maybe that's a misnomer on the menu, I think.  There HAS to be more than ONE quesadilla for the entire appetizer, right?  Of course I was right!  Oh ... actually it's more like one large quesadilla cut into two.  I feel duped but continue eating anyway (while hoping to sneak a few bites from my girl friend's half) because it's just that good.  It's pricey ($8.95) in terms of the portion, although it IS duck, and it is quite mouth-watering delicious ...The girl friend got the Coop's Taste Plate at my prodding, which, just based on description, should have been the all-encompassing "Creole Cuisine for Dummies" handbook that would assuage all my curiosity; this is what I was hoping for.  It wasn't; or it was just a poor representation of everything.  Here's what it promises: a cup of Seafood Gumbo, Shrimp Creole, Cajun Fried Chicken, Red Beans & Rice with Sausage, and Rabbit & Sausage Jambalaya.  Here's what it is: a bland and uninspired seafood gumbo (the bowl we had at the suspicious-sounding "Gumbo Shop" near St. Louis Cathedral and Cafe du Monde, right smack dab in the middle of tourist-trap country was really 10x better), a watery shrimp creole that was all tomatoes and peppers and little else (also paling in comparison to the stuff we somehow managed to whip up at the NOLA School of Cooking crash course) and red beans and rice that had very little (if any) sausage.  The fried chicken WAS delicious, but how does it compare to Willie Mae's?  I have no idea but I can't imagine trekking there to compare.  The Jambalaya, which I was most excited about, was really disappointing.  There was plenty of rabbit and sausage in there, but hardly any taste.  I instantly regretted pointing my girl friend toward this grotesquely deformed inbred version over mine.  My theory?  It lacks the succulent tasso sauce (a bacon cream sauce) that is present in the Jambalaya Supreme, which is what I ordered.  THIS is the Jambalaya you want to get at Coop's, and really, the only reason why I would ever go back (I shuddered after overhearing a group of diners seated nearby debating whether or not to get the gumbo or the creole).  It also probably doesn't hurt that the Supreme is embellished with shrimp and crawfish too.Last point of contention: You are a down-and-dirty, no-frills, local New Orleans bar and the only thing you have on tap is ... Jagermeister?Atmosphere: Coop's is a bar that serves restaurant-quality food.  It's pretty cramped in there for eating, but there is a lot more open space near the bar and billiards area.  It's loud, like any bar, and there are a few TV's throughout and probably a dartboard.  The kitchen is open really late (not sure if the quality holds up through the twilight hours), but that's a really nice plus.  Either way, this is not a place to wine and dine your girl friend.  The only thing I'd ever propose here is more Jambalaya Supreme ...Service: Service was really nothing special (that's an aberration in New Orleans).  Our waitress initially forgot the fried chicken on my girl friend's taste plate, which ended up being the only thing WORTH tasting on the plate.Value: Everything was really cheap, except for the duck quesadilla, which ended up being the same price as our entrees.  I'd go back just for the Jambalaya Supreme.  Hell, I'd even get it to go.I got the taste plate, and it can be shared between two people. Felt bad about not finishing it but took it to go and gave it to a guy on the street. Delicious though, and nice bartender.Fabulous.  I can't wait to get back to NoLa for more.I ate my way through the animal kingdom.  Gumbo with crab, shrimp and oysters.  Coop's Tasting Plate with Rabbit and sausage jambalaya, fried chicken, and shrimp etouffe.   And the smoked duck quesadilla in orange sauce.  Bravo...bravo.Hands down, best fried chicken in the city. Willie Mae's and Jacques-Imo's has nothing on Coop's. I will warn you though, there have been a couple times (out of many many visits) when their chicken was a little off (a little dry, not quite seasoned perfectly, etc), but I wouldn't let that deter you because usually their chicken is spot on. Everything else is pretty good too - lamb ribs, duck quesadilla, red beans & rice. Regarding the Jambalaya, it's a preference thing. If you like a more moist jambalaya, Coop's is pretty freaking good. However, if you like a dry, less tomato-y jambalaya, you will probably hate it. (If this is you, go to Cresecent City Pie & Sausage. Their jambalaya is amazing!)The fried chicken IS great and the service is not as bad as other reviews may suggest. Yes they are a bit grumpy, but they are efficient and if you're lucky you may even get a little smile!Coop's Place is a hidden little local gem. You definitely get the full "flavor" of NOLA. Upon entering you are welcomed by the smell of smokey fresh BBQ. The food is excellent! I would recommend the taste plate, gives you a chance to try everything NOLA is known for, i.e. jambalaya/ gumbo. Only complaint is that I wish the dish came with more chicken since it was so amazing!  Ps bathrooms are not so pleasant, but aren't they all in NO?Food is delicious, but can only give 3 stars because the waiter who doubles as the host, was very unfriendly. Also, if you are looking for a quiet place to eat, don't go here!Our hotel recommended this place, great proximately to the french quarter and was packed (which is a great sign for a restaurant). Our party of 10 had to wait for 30 min to seat, which is understandable, but it was worth it. The jambalaya was ever ones favorite dish. It was my first taste of Cajun food, so I got the Coops taste plate. Highly recommend since you get to have a portion of the main Cajun items. Really big portions also. Must try and reasonably priced :)Hands down our favorite meal of our trip. The jalapeños stuffed with crab meat were incredible. I tried all of it, the fried chicken was the best I ever had. The jambalaya was the delicious. Truly a hidden gem in NOLA.Redfish Menuiere -- as good as it was 11 years ago (the last time I was there). This dish is drowning in shrimp and the sauce has got a bite without being unbearable. This time I was alone and sat at the bar. Good service but not great. Enjoy the green goddess dressing on a delicious salad.I had the crawfish and tasso pasta and it was really, really good!  Spicy enough to keep my mouth hot for at least 5 minutes afterwards.  But, it was really flavorful and just the right amount of heat.  Also had their signature old fashioned and I hate sweet drinks, it was a nice spicy treat, lots of floural herb flavors.  Really f***ing loud, obnoxious loud.  Staff was good and food came out fast!Our very first stop on our very first visit to New Orleans, and it was pretty awful. First, they were out of all the fresh seafood specials as well as the beer I wanted. Much more disturbing, though, were several bug sightings, including big roachlike bugs scurrying down the wall next to our heads and across the table under our plates. We wondered if that was par for the course in NOLA: it's not. A noticeably drunken waitstaff was the cherry on top.lamb ribs-yes please. oyster po-boy delicious. gumbo-alright. i would go back to get the lamb again, and hope that the bartenders will be a bit more attentive. it was busy when we went but waited a long time to get our check.Very rude service and underwhelming food. :(Found out about Coop's Place while on a buggie ride one night.  Our buggie driver suggested this place for its spicy food.  The place itself looked a little dark and dingy, which is always a good sign.  The buggie driver was on point, the food was definitely spicy and delicious.         We tried the bayou sampler - fried crawfish, oysters, shrimp, & crab claws.  Next came the blackened redfish with red beans and rice.  The redfish was too spicy for my friend but it was perfect for me.  My friend ordered a mint julep, which was probably the best she had in all of the French Quarter, and I had a local brew -Abita.  I fell in love with Abita in New Orleans, especially their IPA - Jockamo.        Coop's was by far the best hole-in-the-wall joints we visited in New Orleans.  If you're in town you must come here.  I'm a little disappointed we didin't have enough time to come back and try their smoked duck quesadillas.  There's always next time...Once again I am "local" and Coop's Place is awesome! Faye always takes care of me with top notch service. Thanks Faye....Don't go to this place for the ambiance because it ain't there. The place is not pretty or nice. You go there for the incredible fried chicken and the sausage and rabbit jambalaya that comes with it. It's wonderful! Don't go expecting a fine dining experience, just a fine eating experience.I met my friends up here for some drinks and have to say the bartenders here are a hoot.  We ended up spending the entire afternoon here putting songs on the jukebox and drinking Abitas.  It's a dive....the food is solid, and the clientele that funnels into this place is entertainment alone.I went here for lunch with some friends today. I'm not a huge Cajun food fan, but luckily they had items on their menu that I like. I had the Italiano with chicken. It was really good! The garlic and olive oil was just right. The chicken was a little too salty. Other than that, it was very satisfying. The service was pretty good too. Another plus is the juke box. Great tunes to choose from.3 pieces of fried chicken with the jambalaya, enough said!Wow! That was the best Cajun fried chicken, jambalaya (made with rabbit!), and coleslaw I've EVER had! There was something about that coleslaw ... super fresh, cool, with a hint of sourness to it ... that was perfect with the salty, spicy chicken. With an Abita Amber, this was a perfect dinner!"A Decatur Street staple since 1983, Coop's Place is the place to go for a true taste of New Orleans at down home prices." If you can get past the dim lighting, sarcastic waitress, and terrible music, then this place is pretty cool. It's a little hole in the wall that is always packed, or at least was the last three times I walked past. It's cheap, it's convenient and it's supper time. Chow down.Ohhh how I loathe this conundum Good food, poor service. I mean really really poor service. I would go as far to say one of the worst service experiences in my life and it was consistently given by three different people.First the service. When we walked in the first thing we were greated by was one of the servers (not our one at the table) looking up and down at someone in our party, squinting and saying to her, are you 21? Not exactly the most polite way, nor effective way to check people comming into the bar. She could have just of easily said, "of course I'm 21" and not been 21. Great people warmly and asked to see identification. As we waited for a decent amount of time for someone to come by and notice us we finally had this fat bafoon who was also the bartender with tats and a ball cap come to our table. He stood there scratched his back and was silent, no greeting nothing then he managed to say, "is anyone going to say something?." After that point it became apparant if we ever wanted anything from our trashy waiter we would have to stop him while he was doing something else. I even asked the person who delivered our food if we could get another drink he said "ask your waiter" turned away and didnt even manage to let the waiter know. When I did flag him down you would expect the guy to apologize for poor service or come by the table to check up on us, nope he continued to ignore the tables. But this seemed to be the way he provided service call me if you need me style. Food. All of the food was mediocre except the Jumbalaya and Gumbo which was the best I've ever had in New orleans. I had the sampler platter as I wanted to try as many things as I could. Everything was bland except the Jumbalaya / Gumbo which was to die for. You could tell they took time in making the Gumbo as you would find bits of oyster shrimp and other items hidden inside. The mixed drink I had was above par which was some sort of spin on a mint julip, and the menu selection was pretty good as well. The food prices were incredibly cheap.My final thought, order a helping of Jumbalaya and Gumbo to go and don't waste your time in here. Going to a restaurant should be a fun and inviting experience. You would have less trouble eating this at home or on the street.  Go to the bar for drinks afterwards. I'll probabably go back here, but only to pick up my to go order.Pros:JumbalayaCheap PricesGood drink selectionCons:Piss poor serviceDirtyOther considerations:Not family FriendlyAwesome dive. The rabbit and andouille jambalaya sooooooooooooooooo good. I wish i had some right now..I really wanted to like this place. It was recommended to me by a colleague and it was a let down. Tried the coop's sampler. The highlight of the meal was the red beans and rice and the juicy, fried chicken. So 1 star for that. Waitress was a rude*itch, with a capital B, who threw the plates on the table when she delivered the food. Didn't find southern hospitality here. Also, the place was a little grimy. Don't think I'll be heading back. That waitress really turned me off to this place.Back in NOLA for another week of debauchery, and my local friends took me to Coop's for the first dinner last night.  Place was full, and there were several groups waiting outside on the sidewalk, which was a good sign.  We were able to sneak in and grab 3 spots at the bar.  Had the red beans and rice with sausage on recommendation.  A bit too salty, but pretty damn good.  The place reminds me of a roadhouse, accentuated by the fact one of the cook's who was running plates out from the kitchen had one of the nastiest shiners I've seen in a while.Fried chicken is finger lickin and jambalaya and beans and rice-  I had 2 entrees for lunch....BURP!!!5 stars for the fried chicken - crispy, flavourful and falls of the bone. Yum. Also really good coleslaw.Ok food. Not nearly as good as The Market Cafe which is only 50 feet away. Gumbo was too watery. Red Beans and rice were lumpy. Jambalaya was basic and did not have enough spices.This is my favorite place in the French Quarter to grab a beer and some delicious jambalaya.  With all of the hurricane-hawkers in the Quarter it's honestly hard to find a place with with great food.  Coop's is a locals place.  It's not the best restaurant in New Orleans, but it is perfect for what it is.  Comfortable bar atmosphere, crazy characters, and a fantastic menu.  I love the crawfish beignettes.The best fried seafood platter I've ever had.  Crunchy cornmeal-crusted, grease-free, enormously heaping platter of Seafood!  Platter included at least 8 fried oysters, dozens of fried crawfish, a slab of red snapper, dozens of crab claws and at least 10 shrimp, along with spicy french fries.  More than enough for 2, for $17.  The jambalaya was awesome - spicy fever magic! dense and hefty - the cup was more than enough for an appetizer for 2.  Salad was even good for a pub-salad in the South, with real lettuces, not iceberg.  The fried seafood was so impressive!  I award New Orleans Best Fried Food!  Totally surpasses Chicago, which is greasy.  Outstanding.  Also, it seems to be a locals-ish dive, with lot's to look at on the walls.  I learned a lot about New Orleans by eating at Coops.great food, good sarcasm, low tolerance for BS or pushy tourists. 1/2 rabbit jambalya & salad with green goddess dressing is it.Had a blast hanging at Coop's Place!  Laura was an awesome bartender!  Got the red beans and rice with fried chicken.  As many others have said, the fried chicken was amazing.  Fellow diners all loved their meals, the fish Meuniere had an incredible sauce and the creole green beans are delicious.  Really fun place to hang out, chat with the locals and staff and get some killer fried chicken.Ugh, so the first time I visited New Orleans I happend upon this restaurant while showing a friend around the quarter. We got a seat pretty quickly and were pretty impressed at the menu, but were met with serious tude when we asked where the meat and fish came from. Not from any snobby accusatory way, I was just curious. So the food was super tasty and reasonably priced and bloody mary's kicked ass. Second time I visited I was super excited to take my husband who is a southerner and lived in N.O. for a few years, I felt pretty good that I knew something about the city he didn't. There was a line for table, no biggie, we don't mind waiting if it's worth it. The hostess told asked us if we wanted to sit at the bar and we said yes and my husband being an extremely polite patron asked if she was sure because we were behind other people who had been waiting longer, she snapped at him with this sneering shitty answer. We sat down and waited 45 minutes just to get our order taken while our waitress, who unfortunately was the hostess ran around yelling at the bartender for no reason and talking incessantly to other customers and acting like a crazy person. We were so uncomfortable and once we got our food it was nasty, totally different than the first time. At one point I got up to go to the bathroom and watched the cook walk out to the dining area look at the room and say "fuck all of these people" while almost mowing me down on my out of the bathroom. I half expected to fnd a loogie in my shrimp creole, which was bland and tasted like it was out of a box of Zatarans. What the hell went wrong with this place in 3 months? Boooooo.a dive bar with pretty good cajun food. i ordered the smoked duck quesadilla and the rabbit sausage jambalaya supreme. i wasn't really feeling the smoked duck quesadilla. it's not bad, if you like quesadillas give it a go but it's not for me. I would say it's like a high quality taco bell quesadilla with duck meat. (sorry i don't mean to compare coop's to a fastfood chain but i figured that was universally recognized and would be a good point of comparison.)The rabbit sausage jambalaya supreme was pretty tasty and filling especially after an afternoon and evening of hand grenades on bourbon street. haha! it's just chow you can stuff your face with, no need to pick at or cut up, just shovel it in your pie hole! order it!There is also a sampler platter on the menu. I recommend not getting this because it's a little bit of everything but not enough of anything for you to feel like you ate something good. I'd say order the Gumbo or the Jambalaya and call it day.The place to bring out of towners for jambalaya when you are in the Quarter and hungry. Burgers are all right too, but stick to jambalaya and gumbo indeed, and then hit Frenchman for some music.Great place, great fun and food is also great! Had the duck quesadillas which were really good, not much of a duck person, but dam good.The bayou platter was filled with fries shrimp, crawfish, oysters and good light batter in them.The drinks are great and this is one to come in from the heat outside, get cooled off and enjoy some real good local food. You won't go wrong at Coops!!Give this greasy hole a pass.  Food was very mediocre and the service was simply awful.  If you like to wait in a long line to be treated rudely then by all means ...Go for the food and not the service and you will be happy as a clam!Not rude service but the typical lazy nawlins lifestyle has rubbed off on the bartenders. The food is off the hook good. You will be astounded by the food that comes out of that hole in the wall.i have to say criticisms of this place's atmosphere are laughable. are the dining experiences of these reviewers limited to urbane, james-beard-award-winning establishments? coop's dive aesthetic is really the only thing i enjoyed about the restaurant. the duck quesadilla itself was good, but it rested on top of warm orange juice that left an aftertaste akin to vomit. do people actually like that shit?also, i took a bite of my girlfriend's veggie burger and couldn't hide the displeasure caused by the off-putting earthy quality of the patty.i'm from texas where food is delicious, so my frame of reference may be different from those of people from other states, but i can't grasp the endorsements this place receives.This hole in the wall has the best food in the French quarter.We've been to the French Quarter three times and have been to Coop's four times. The first three times it was very good: duck quesadillas and rabbit jambalaya. Had the same the last time down and it was not all that. I guess every good place can have a bad day, though.I'm from New Orleans and I'll tell you Coop's is the bomb!!RUN! Don't know how this place has such high reviews. Worst gumbo and Jumbalaya I've had during my stay. Red beans was gross, save your money. I'm assuming the people giving the great reviews were a little intoxicated when dinning.My boyfriend and I were in New Orleans for a week and a local told us that Coop's was the best place in town, so we tried it out.  He was so damn right, we ended up eating at Coop's three times and stayed for a couple of hours each time because they have the nicest bartends I've every met!This place has everything, great location, great people watching, great selection of 'New Orleans Food': Jambalaya, Gumbo, Fried Alligator.  I always make my visitors go there just so they can say they have eaten 'gator.  There are pretty good burgers and even veggie burgers, so everyone can find something good to eat.  There is a full bar, a pool table and a killer jukebox AND they serve 'til like 3 in the morning...just in case.I went to this place based on two separate people who recommended it. I ordered the "taste plate" which had everything you would want to try. The seafood gumbo was probably one of the best that I have had on the whole trip, but the rest of the meal I didn't really care for. The plate just seemed to be filled with tons of rice. Perhaps, it was because I visited on my last day in New Orleans and was a little jambalaya'd out. I didn't think the jambalaya was anything special and didn't like the red beans. The chicken was also pretty good but it was a very small piece on a giant plate of rice. Overall, I would recommend going to Praline Connection and having their sampler platter.The big juicy porkchop with beans and rice was one of the best meals we had in New Orleans. It cost $8.95. Oooh I feel giddy just thinking about it.Food was amazing. This place was recommended to us by some local New Orleans folk, and I was not let down. The food is authentic, and tastes amazing. I got chicken served on a bed of rice with a spicy cream sauce, that also had shrimp and tasso (A Cajun ham), with a side of cajun green beans. Hands down the best meal I had in New Orleans. If you're looking for some great Cajun food I highly recommend this place!I came here for dinner with a group of 6 during my NOLA Mardi Gras vacation. They don't take reservations and the line was out the door, but it didn't take too long to get seated. The inside of this place is TINY (very hole-in-the-wall type feel); we were seated at the bar. Our bartender/server was an interesting character -- I don't know if he was just trying to be funny, but he had to verify our order with us at least 4 times. He also spilled my beer before I was done drinking it, but didn't hesitate to give me another bottle. I ordered the Jambalaya Supreme, which is the rabbit & sausage jambalaya with shrimp and tasso added (tasso is a cajun seasoned ham). My food was DELICIOUS! Definitely one of the better jambalayas I've ever had. The flavors were very unique, and the texture was good (though maybe a bit on the dry side). My boyfriend ordered the taste plate, which came with seafood gumbo, shrimp creole, cajun fried chicken, red beans & rice, and the jambalaya. I tried some of the gumbo, which was well seasoned and very tasty.Overall, I really enjoyed the food. The restaurant is lively, but not too loud that you can't comfortably have a conversation with those seated around you. If I visit New Orleans again, I'd definitely come back here to try some of the other items on their menu.-L.The fried chicken was good.  The shrimp creole that my friends had looked not so great but they liked it.  Then again, they're visiting from out of town and I've never liked shrimp creole anyway.  However, the Sazerac there is awful, it's watery and served over ICE!  I've never had a Sazerac on the rocks and I hope to never again.  Still, would come back to try the duck quesadillaOh my word, I love this place! We didn't have long to play in this amazing city and unfortunately, we didn't venture far from the French Quarter on most days. We were told to go to Coop's and we loved it! All of us! I had the "Coop's Taste Plate" because I wanted it all: rabbit and sausage jambalaya, seafood gumbo, fried chicken, red beans and rice...everything you would expect to experience during a NOLA adventure! I can't recall what everyone else ordered, but I do recall loving everyone's choices. The joint is a total dive bar...but the cuisine is top notch! All you lil' fancy establishments, take note: This is how you get down!My dad, my sister, and my sister's boss had spent a lot of time talking up this place to me, and it didn't disappoint. My group had dinner at this place twice during our trip to New Orleans, and it was quite tasty each time. The service was extremely slow on our first visit, but it seemed like they were understaffed and the one waitress running the show was just swamped. She apologized profusely for taking so long, and we weren't in a hurry anyway so it was okay. Three members of our party (including me) got the taste plate, while one got fried chicken and my boyfriend got the jambalaya supreme. Said boyfriend raved for quite awhile about the jambalaya, saying it made his recipe seem inadequate. (I still think his is better, but I might have a bias.) On the taste plate, the fried chicken was definitely the star for me. The breading was flavorful, the chicken was juicy, and it was just amazing. I've decided that I may just not be that big of a fan of shrimp creole in general, because while their version didn't do much for me, I've never been able to find one I liked. The red beans and rice were very nice, and the jambalaya was also tasty, but they were all outshined by the fried chicken. On our second visit, I got the cajun pasta, which was highly impressive. The spicy alfredo sauce was awesome, very unique, and they were generous with the fresh seafood. My brother-in-law got the fried seafood plate, and I was able to sample some crab and shrimp from that, which were totally killer. I need to show up with a bigger appetite next time so I can order that! We had the same waitress the second time around, and the service was much quicker because she wasn't so overwhelmed.Prices are very nice for what you get, and I loved the location, as it was a bit removed from the madness of Bourbon Street. Highly recommended.A "dive" in the French Quarter.  It's legit, and I enjoyed the whole experience.  I had read a lot of mixed reviews of the service here, but the bartender and waittress were both super friendly... so I guess I don't get that.  I had some fried shrimp (I had a lot of fried shrimp while in New Orleans) - my girlfriend had the gumbo.  While she found the gumbo to be just average, I loved my shrimp.  They had a unique breading on them that was just a little different from the standard - in a good way.  This - like Casamento's - serves seafood at a very reasonable price.  Although I liked both places, I preferred my Coop's experience overall.  For seafood in the quarter, you probably can't find cheaper prices.  Go check this place out!I tried to go to Coops the first time I was in New Orleans but the wait was too long, so the second time I went to NOLA, I returned to check out Coop. The atmosphere is divey and the service is not what I would call friendly but the waitress was efficient. I ordered the sazerac which was disgusting and tasted like cough syrup. I didn't say anything to the waitress but she must have seen I didn't drink it and she didn't charge me for it which was nice. I ordered the cajun pasta which had crawfish, shrimp and tasso ham and was done in a spicy alfredo sauce. The sauce was pretty good but the tasso ham was not so good and the strong smokey flavor overpowered the seafood. It would have been better if it was just seafood. What really just made this place ok was the disgusting bathroom. If you come here, don't go to the bathroom.This was a tough one to assign stars to.  The experience? 1 star.  The food? 5 stars.  And I tend to be liberal with my stars, so we'll average that out to 3.  Here's the scoop on Coop's:We decided it was time for some Southern fried chicken, so we were directed to Coop's.  The cute cartoon alligator licking his chops on the sign confirmed this for me (what can I say?  I'm a kid at heart).  We waited in line for OVER AN HOUR with drunk frat boys chain smoking and carrying on.  it was a LONG wait.  By the time we were seated (to get in faster we split our group up over 2 tables), we were starving!  The place is small and VERY loud!  We noticed a few tables around us where the people had long since finished their meals and were just sitting there talking or texting...I find that rude when there's a huge line out the door, and no shortage of bars where you can continue your conversation elsewhere!  The drunk frat boys were literally standing in the doorway smoking, and no one asked them to move.  The staff literally throw plates into a bin, adding the loud crash to the loud restaurant.  We were not enjoying ourselves.Then the food came.AMAZING fried chicken and spicy jambalaya!  The food was delicious, but I don't know if it's worth the rest of the experience!Well worth the wait to get in! Nothing fancy about this place, but after three visits, I'm convinced that the jambalya & gumbo are the best NOLA has to offer!Didn't have much here to eat besides the Duck Meat Quesadillas. We had an order of those, and few drinks. Some of the most reasonably priced adult beverages in the town, some of the most friendly wait staff in the French Quarter. They're happy to provide suggestions, advice, or just fun conversation. Love this place, just make sure you're not going there with large groups of tourists or you might miss the charm of this small place.A marriage of bar food, Louisiana cuisine and New Orleans attitude; this place is a great stop for delicious jambalaya and fried chicken. That being said, I would not wait in the extremely long line just to get in the door. The food is delicious, but not 50 min wait delicious. Check this place out if there is no line.Huge portions of good, fairly cheap food. The only kitchen around that doesn't close at 10 on a Monday. The fried Chicken and the Gumbo were highlights.I have yet to find anything at Coops that was outstanding yet but my husband would kill for their jambalaya. Small place so get there early for no wait. It is a hole in the wall so don't expect a "pretty" place. You get a good amount of food for the price.To start I will say that I would have given it 3.5 stars, if not for the bug. The food was okay. Seemed overpriced. I got the jambalaya with rabbit and seafood. There was not a lot of rabbit or seafood and portion was small for the price. My husband got the fried chicken which had great seasoning, but again the jambalaya and slaw were...meh. The kicker was the large bug that crawled on a ledge on the wall, right at the level of my husband's face. I stared at the bug that was staring at my husband.  I discreetly called a waiter over. It looked alot like a roach, but the waiter swiftly nabbed it with a napkin and said--it's just a saw palmetto bug. oookay...Still gross. We went to the bathroom in the back of the restaurant. Actually more like outside the restaurant in the back. Right next to the outdoor kitchen. That was covered with a tarp to prevent rain from getting in the pots. That were near a motorcycle also covered with a tarp. Do tarps prevent bugs from getting in the pots, too?Be ashamed. I arrived at Coop's Lace around Noon. Asked for a table for 1. Was told to sit at the Bar counter on a stool.  Since there were almost 8-10 empty tables in front I asked for a table.Was blatantly told eat at the bar or go elsewhere. I asked are you sure there were 4 empty tables that sat 2. And the front was empty.So it was eat at bar or go across the street to Fiorella's Cafe. Was I lucky or what.Even though I had eaten here before it was even better than other times. The cost for lunch, all you can eat Fried Chicken on Lunch Special for $8.95 and they let me at at a table by myself.Coop's be ashamed, many travelers are singles and older who will refuse to eat at a bar on backless stools.Alas I have no review for here as I thought I was the customer. What's better a table with 1 at it or none. I did not eat here and never will. After I ate at Fiorella's and looked in there were less than half the tables filled, but not with me.I do not mind rude but stupid, learn at Coop's.Go to Fiorella's where you are treated well and the Chicken is supreme.LTThis place is amazing!!!  We tell everyone when they are in New Orleans to stop here.  May not look like much - but who cares!!  Can't wait to go back.Awesome food. The fried chicken is the best I have ever had. Jambalaya is spicy and hearty, Gumbo is excellent and they also server Woodchuck (yay!). Atmosphere is interesting, really local feel to it. Mixed drinks are way overpriced though.Willie Mae's stopped taking customers so we headed over to Coop's. The fried chicken was really juicy. I suggest ordering 3 pieces and taking any leftovers home because the price difference is very minimal. It comes with the rabbit and sausage jambalaya which was also pretty delish.Go for the fried chicken and red beans and rice if you eat here. You could do better in New Orleans, but this is ok in a pinch.We asked the buggy driver where the locals eat in the Quarter and she suggested Coop's place.  I absolutely loved it.  The bar is small, dark, and cozy.  For $12.95, you get a full sampler plate of almost everything on their menu.  All of it is tasty.  Their fried chicken is everything Popeye's aspires to be.  Man...I wish I could've gone this trip.i'm sorry, but this place was a huge disappointment.you just show up and form a line in hopes that you'll be seated soon. fine. that's not even why my experience made me bitter. we were seated relatively quickly, close to the door.our waiter, though nice, couldn't hear anything we were saying, probably because it was so loud. he also didn't tend to us very well, probably because it was packed and he was taking care of so many other people. there was lots of waiting. in fact, it was a dining experience that lasted over two hours because it was so slow.at 8PM on a thursday night, there were lots of unavailable menu items. no blackened redfish, no blackened chicken, no marinated crab claws..so i ended up going with the rabbit and sausage jambalaya, which was really just okay. the consistency was fine, but they weren't generous with the meat. and while i love spices, i found the dish to be difficult to eat because the flavors were all overwhelming and didn't work well together. let me put it this way: the jambalaya i had at camp hope was better than what i got at this place.two of my friends both got the shrimp étouffée and after eating the few pieces of shrimp, didn't finish the dish because they didn't like it. another friend of mine got the chicken tchoupitoulas and cleaned up his place, so i assume he enjoyed it.the best part of the meal were the fried crab claws and the abita, which i'm sure i can find at a better place the next time i hit up new orleans.also, separate checks don't happen at here. just a note that could be helpful.After pushing our way through the crowds Coops was great bar to get out of the crowds and grab a few cocktails. Half restaurant half bar. This place is small. Drinks are cheap and service is decent. $3.50 well $4.50 call  To our surprise, the kitchen out back...backyard.  We took a look and a cook told us if we wanted to see the kitchen it would take buying 9 shots...I like this place.  We ordered a small mixed appetizer of fried shrimp, crab claws, crawfish tails. Nothing great but it cured the hunger pains. Coops has a cool staff, good atmosphere and cheap drinks. Food? I'll have another drink.I was a little hesitant when I walked in this place (they were playing soap operas at lunch - really?), but the food quickly put me at ease. There's a pretty good menu selection, and I opted for the jambalaya supreme. The only thing I needed was a larger stomach capacity! It was delicious. The layout of the restaurant was a little awkward and I felt like our table was in the way of everyone else. It's not a very big place, and it seems like the key at lunch is getting there a little early.at the end of the beaten path (dive bar atmosphere).  not as crowded which is good in this case, since they serve great food.  my foodie friend did his cross-referenced food research, and this is the place to come.so I had the jambalaya special (with crawfish).  the spice was excellent, but I don't recommend the pasta version of it.  also try the gumbo or etouffee, consider the duck.they got regular street performers outside.This past weekend in NO was unusually cold so my friends and I ducked into this little bar looking for sustinence, warmth, and a buzz as we planned on going to a museum..and who wants to do that sober I ask you?  We plunked down and the bar with no real expectations but decided that any place that packed had to be good.  Oh boy what a treat!  My friend Bridget had a GLORIOUS bloody mary which got us off to a good start.  The Coop's plate was a great way to go and everything on it was a tribute to NO eats...it did not disappoint.  In the midst of tourist traps this place is a gem of a dive.  I will definately be back.Great place for a local hang out.Jambalaya supreme. Staff is often not super-nice to you. It gets crowded and noisy. Sometimes the food isn't as good as it usually is. Doesn't matter. Jambalaya Supreme.Casual place with excellent food! I always get the lamb ribs with a side of Coop's green beans with bacon sauce--an awesome meal! Gumbo is great, as are their seafood po boys. Go early to avoid the lines!I will never go here again.  Awful service and food.I came here a couple of years back (pre-Yelp) and I was totally impressed with the place.  It's got a divey-feel to it, they played good music, and the food was good and casual, especially for the solo-diner.  So I decided to go back and see if anything has changed, and much to my surprise, it's exactly the same!  Good ambiance (if dive bars have ambiance), great food (rabbit/sausage jambalaya and blackened redfish) and good service.So, while sitting in a bar in Austin, TX the bartender overheard my plans to leave the next day for NOLA and we struck up a conversation I would not regret. He steered me towards Coop's, right in the middle of the touristy part of the French Quarter, and yet miles away. This place is full of local quarter rats and great people to talk to and the food! Oh my. The rabbit and smoked pork sausage jambalaya was the best I have ever had, anywhere. It was my first experience with chicken tchoupitoulas and I was a very happy camper, chicken with bay shrimp and a wonderful creamy sauce with rice yum! Smoked duck quesadillas what? Ok, why not? So not disappointed! This place has my heart forever, I crave both the food and the conversation on a regular basis.The only disappointment for me was they were out of Green Goddess dressing.  I loved everything about this place.  The cajun pasta was delicious and plentiful.  The bartender did my friend's mojitos up in style.  Wish this place was around the corner from me.  See you next time I'm in NOLA!Oyster po boy was great, super crispy oysters but super tender on the inside. Waitress was really friendly and kept the beer coming!I have to say, this is a very close second, if not a tie for the best meal on our NOLA vacation. The jambalaya here is outstanding. It looks kind of divey inside at first but you gradually start to appreciate the way it looks and also that its not as well known to visitors. We were actually brought here right off the plane by our resident host. We went back a second time a few days later for more jambalaya. As someone who has never had jambalaya before, I can say that Coop's was a great place to start!Tourist love it, locals love it. Try the rabbit and the punch. Took about 20-30 mins to get a tableBased on the food alone, I would give this place a 5-star.  The jambalaya supreme was awesome. Best meal I had in New Orleans.  My wife had the shrimp creole which was also very good.However, our service was horrible.  The waiter ignored us and actually blew us off at one point then went and had a drink and checked on the table next to us before coming back to see what we wanted.  This was 20 minutes after we ordered our meals and all the tables around us that came in after us had received their food and we still did not.Once we got our meal, he didn't check on us until he brought us the check. He clearly forgot to place our order but wouldn't admit his mistake.Loved this place. One of the many on the list to return to. Service great, people were friendly and the food was in point. Just go!!Coop's is next door to Molly's and has pretty good Creole food at good prices.  The gumbo is good here, with lots of okra instead of file.  Don;t be afraid of anything on the menu.The reviews for this place are all over the map, so I was curious to see for myself. Well we really liked it and will definitely be back. Had the crab claws appetizer, which was delicious, and the sampler plate, also good. Great atmosphere and jukebox -- went from Willie Nelson to Monk to Gillian Welch. No problems at all with the service or anything else.If I lived in New Orleans, I would eat at this place all the time and weigh 400 pounds.We happened to eat here each of the 3 nights we were in New Orleans because we kept going out late and it's opened late.Great food at really great prices..it doesn't look like much (dive bar!) but don't be scared..the food is great, and they are open late. Our server looked like he had just finished setting up his still in the mountains, but was amazingly competent and friendly.The fried chicken was amongst the best I've ever had (although not as good as my Grandma's!) and the jambalaya and gumbo were very very good as well.Prices are affordable...a 2 piece chicken with a side of Jambalaya and coleslaw was $8.75 for example.I loved, loved this place and recommend you go enjoy.Our first meal in New Orleans, our last meal in New Orleans.  Highly and repeatedly recommended by local online services as one of the places in this touristy area SUPER popular with the locals, every local we mentioned this place to would throw their head back and say "excellent / you can't do better" etc.  Other the two meals we worked our way through the menu, jumbalaya, gumbo, the sampler plate is recommended if you only have one opportunity to eat there, and everything was completely excellent, redfish po boysHad to try to eat while the bartender argued with street people for 10 minutes right beside me.  FYI, bartender, If two gentlemen come to your crowded bar carrying giant cans of Four Loco, don't want to order anything and just want to watch the game, THEY DON'T BELONG THERE!I might be missing something, but their jambalaya was mediocre.I'm a fan of the jambalaya with rabbit. The fried shrimp po boy was freaking awesome. The red beans and rice and shrimp creole didn't really do it for me, but the gumbo was good. The place is run down and grimy, but that's standard among places to eat in the quarter. The service was good. I would go back to drink and have a po boy.Stopped here while a tourist was in town and was pleasantly surprised by how good the food was.  My fried chicken was juicy and the sides were tasty.  Apparently my dining companions were less thrilled with their food.just a great place. Highly recommend. Ate here twice during one NOLA visit.The best jambalaya and shrimp creole I ever had! My husband and I shared the taste plate so we ate shrimp creole, rabbit and sausage jambalaya, red bean & rice, a cajun fried chicken drumstick and seafood gumbo. They are all good. We were not accustomed to the taste of gumbo, probably because we hardly eat okra. So the taste was interesting, but I wouldn't call it bad. We definitely love the jambalaya the best. We tried jambalaya at other places and they are not as good as the one at Coop's Place. I am glad I read the reviews and knew about this place, so we got to try the great cajun/creole food. Definitely recommending it to others. You gotta eat shrimp creole and jambalaya at Coop's Place when you are in NOLA.I was not impressed. with NONE of it! The appetizer we had was tasty..but that was IT! There are other great place in NOLA...this isn't one of them.Excellent dive bar/restaurant with authentic Cajun/creole dishes. We had the crab claws and Coops Taste plate...awesome gumbo and jambalaya with andouille sausage! It was exactly what we were looking for, and definitely fills you up for a very reasonable price.Pretty divey spot with decent food. We got the taste plate with Red beans & Rice(good), Jambalaya(good but cold), Shrimp Ettoufe(no shrimp to be found), and the Gumbo(great). Friendly service and decent prices.Oh yeah! This place was freaking amazing!!! The down side is the fact that you have to be 21 and over to eat here... We walked across one of the shops into french market to eat outside. We had a sampler plate. The jambalya was freaking amazing! Oh man. I'm drooling thinking about it. The red beans and rice was so much better than acme. The fried chicken was juicy and crispy. It was also very well seasoned. The shrimp creole was alright. Nothing special but it did complement the other dishes well. The gumbo was Very spicy but it was good. At the end of the bowl, it was really fishy though. I would def. come back!Ordered red beans, rice and fried chicken, which was all good but not outstanding.I want to give Coop's 4 stars because I love the place. I will say - do not go there on a Tuesday. The chef was completely different and so was the food. I usually get the Paneed Chicken with Fettucini Alfredo. The fried chicken breast is usually smothered in the fettucini with a rich, creamy sauce that is just the right consistency. I went twice on this last trip. The first time it was perfect. The second time it was like I was eating a different dish. Dry noodles with and the chicken was on the side, not covered at all. Sigh. Having said that, the seafood platter was amazing and the Smoked Duck Quesadilla is to die for.Ok, this place is a total dive but the food is great! Service is ok, but based on the setting and how jam packed this place is you can look past it. This is a must stop for us, food is consistently good and you can't beat the price.I split the sampler here with my boyfriend.  You can basically split all meals you get in NOLA to save money...it's always that much food!  Anyway, we got a bowl of gumbo that was good and spicy at the bottom, filled with seafood and sausage, the rabbit and sausage jambalaya, red rice and beans, fried chicken leg on top...all good and served by a guy with a long beard who didn't say a word and crawled back to the kitchen to create more grub.  My kind of place! :)Lets start off with the food was really good. Everything else was horrible. It started with a table of four getting up and leaving as we were waiting to be seated. The waiter chased them down and said he was calling the cops bc they hadn't paid. Turns out the drinks they had came from the bar and no one had checked on them since. We then sat at their table and didn't get greeted for about 10 mins and when we did it was by the same waiter that had cussed out the previous group. We ordered and when our food came these were the results... One guys salad had no dressing at all, one girls poboy didn't have mayo, and two of the other meals had black hairs that we found in the food. When we told the waiter he said, "Oh really". And the only time he checked on us was to take our order and give us our check. By far the best food I've had for such horrible service in every way.This was the worst dining experience we had in New Orleans.  Our waitress brought us our sodas in a cup not much larger than a dixie cup, and then vanished.  We had to stop random staff for refills.  Then the food came and half of it was inedible.  I am shocked that others have had such positive experiences.  Our experience was that we had an inedible and overpriced meal with neglectful service. So dissappointing...Food: pretty good...rabbit and sausage jambalaya my brother ordered was some of the best I'd had in NO. The bun of the burger I had was horrible, but other than that the burger was good.Atmosphere: borderline dive-y. No frills, but a cozy layout with a pool table in the backFriendliness/Service: POOR. I came here with my family (7 people) for dinner and they refused to accommodate us in the least. They said we should try and find separate 2 person tables, so we did. Since we were an odd number of people we sat 3 around a 2 person table with myself sticking out a bit into the walkway. Immediately the Ed Norton-looking bar tender stomped over and irritably said we were breaking fire code (LOL, like a dive place in NO normally cares about keeping 'fire code'...doesn't the entire city practice mass christmas tree burning in the streets on New Years Day?...Sorry Ed, but I gotta call your ornery fire code bull-sh*t on that one). After insisting we move, we finally got situated only after the single nice waitress and some of the other patrons at the bar seeing our struggle offered to slide down the bar so our party could sit in the same vicinity. The entire bar-staff acted outwardly put-upon by our presence the entire time we were there. They failed to bring out my mother's entree and when she nicely brought this fact up and simply asked to have it stricken from the bill, the bar tender affected a look of annoyance and mumbled something as he walked away. I'm sorry guys. Just because you managed to score a prime location which will never be wanting for bar traffic doesn't mean you treat customers as uninvited guests. If you forget to serve a customer dinner, APOLOGIZE. Coop's left a bad taste in my mouth despite a decent culinary experience.We had a dinner reservation at Cochon a few hours before eating here so we decided to order light. We each order an Abeta Amber and just a single order of the fried chicken w. jambalaya. Upon walking in we found the atmosphere to resemble a lower east side dive bar (complete with crowd) The server was rude but I didn't expect otherwise after a quick glance at the place. The chicken was decent. The skin was crispy with a nice cajun kick but unfortunately it was also dry. Oddly, when I made my way into the extremely dirty bathroom, I noticed an excellent smoke smell.. I wonder what that was coming from.A bit intimidating at first, as we were the first few customers in this divey bar, but the staff was very friendly. We had the tasting plate, and the stand out was the jambalaya. Super thick and with amazing flavor! Really great fried mushrooms too!Local hangout, primarily. Its funky looks may scare off some tourists, also location near the French Market is far enough away from Bourbon Street to keep frat boys and conventioneers away. Best reason to go is definitely the gumbo. Spend a couple of more bucks to get extra seafood. Inexpensive and authentic creole chow. Get a fried shrimp sandwich, and an Abita amber beer and you have a great dinner for less than $20.My friend Hector lived in the Quarter for 12 years.  When I asked him what restaurant had the best fried chicken in the Quarter, he recommended Coop's without hesitation.  And he was right!  I had the two piece meal with red beans and rice...for about $9...and it was amazing...and possibly the best friend chicken that I've ever eaten.  Others at our table had combo plates and loved them too.  I will definitely go back to Coop's on my next trip to the Big Easy!The hubby and I went here base on the jambalaya reviews.  After scanning the menu, we decided to go w/ the Coop's Taste plate, which consisted of a cup of Seafood Gumbo, Shrimp Creole, Cajun Fried Chicken, Red Beans & Rice with Sausage, and Rabbit & Sausage Jambalaya.  After 20min of waiting we finally got our food.  Right away, we noticed that the jambalaya and beans & rice was cold (bad start).  The fried chicken was the star of the entree:  crispy, moist and flavorful.  I would come back but just for the fried chicken.My first time to Nawlin's was only a drive through, passing in the night. But I'm so glad it included a stop at Coop's. Didn't have a problem with service, we were there late night on a weekday and they were actually quite friendly. We started off with a cup of the gumbo and finished with the combo platter. The gumbo was hot and steamy and full of flavor. The shrimp etoufee was ok, but that Peter Rabbit sure tasted good with some rice and Andouille. And the cajun fried chicken, omg, I wish I had more than that one little chicken leg. Between Popeyes and the chicken here, I think Nawlin's is my fried chicken heaven!Great Jambalaya and the Fried chicken is perfect.  Small, so expect to wait, but worth it.We came in right before close and they still served us.  The gumbo was good but what really stuck out to me was the fried chicken and the fried oysters.  They were fantastic.  I would come backThis is a fun place but it isn't very big so it is crowded a lot.  We always sit at the bar.  The bartender was hysterical and I believe her name is Stephanie.  She kept us laughing the entire time.  My husband ordered Coop's Taste Plate which consists of Seafood Gumbo, Shrimp Creole, Cajun Fried Chicken wings, red beans & rice with sausage and rabbit, and sausage Jambalaya.  It sounds like a lot of food but it was just the right portion of each so you can decide what is your favorite.  I had the grilled pork chops with creole greenbeans (love them) and rice (a little dry).  I would love to come back and try more dishes but will have to leave that to another trip to NOLA...I heard the hype about their fried chicken and had to try it. They lived up to the hype. Wait staff and chefs were kind of rude but expected in a joint looking like that. Good Beer selection, great atmosphere. Just watch out of the chef that's borderline quitting that's always yelling at the waitstaff and the other chefs. Make's you second guess chomping down on that crispy thigh.MUST MUST MUST try the fried chicken!  came here for the red bean and rice and fried chicken.  The chicken was amazing! knocked it down with there local Abita Purple Haze and there reg Abita.  They are always bzy ALWAYS so service is really slow and not alot of seating.Coop's is the local secret for good food.  The Chicken and Waffles is to die for. Though everyone seemed to be a local, they were friendly and helpful to us visitors.  I'll be coming back next time I make it to NOLA.not a fan of the sazerac, i don't like black licorice, so i wish i knew what was in it before ordering it. we also ordered alligator bites, never got it, and got charged for it the first time our bill came to out table.now you are probably wondering why i gave them four stars when i'm talking/typing negative details. well, the rest shall definitely make up for it. we ordered some green beans which were sautéed in bacon grease to start, which was so good that we had to order another side. as our meals, most of my friends and i got the taste plate, which we could have shared one for every two people but decided to be fat asses and get our own. the plate comes with a cup of seafood gumbo, shrimp creole, cajun fried chicken, red beans an rice with sausage, and rabbit and sausage jambalaya. see what i mean about sharing a plate?!the fried chicken was to die for! creole seasoned and breaded crispy crunchy skin with a juicy and tender as can be meat on the inside. now take a bit of that, some red beans a rice with a jambalaya sausage for the best bite that new orleans has to offer. okay okay, it's not the best that nola has to offer, but it's a pretty damn delish party for your taste buds!suffice to say that we were stuffed. took a nice nap when my friends and i got back to our hotel before enjoying another night along bourbon street.I have VERY MIXED EMOTIONS about reviewing this place. My problem here is the absolutely  god awful service, I would rate it as one of the worst in my dining experiences to date. Waiting for ever to get your order taken(app. 15 to 20 minutes). We were there first thing in the morning when they opened. We observed the locals getting their  food a good 10 minutes before us,when ours came out, my boyfriends fries were burned black and ice cold. My appetizer came out right before the meal. And they never cleared the table when we were finished , or brought us our check, this was after waiting a good 15 minutes after we were done eating.Finally I got up to get the check, and the waitress immediately cleared the table, while I stood there for a good 5 minutes waiting for the bar tender to  quit ignoring me ,and give us the bill. At that point the waitress finally walked up, to hand me my glasses ! I was livid, she wasn't holding them correctly , and they are very expensive prescription ones. I told her I really didn't appreciate what they had done, she acted like she didn't hear me , and walked away. So , I left no tip what so ever. As far as the food, the chicken was very good , the rabbit  jambalaya was very good, but the food is very spicy , and my boyfriend didn't like that much at all.Wow! The red beans and rice were awesome here!had to wait in line for a bit to get in but worth it. the wife had the jambalya and a shrimp remoulade. I had the lamb ribs(awesome) and the red beans( also awesome). this place never fails to please.I have to say this was one of the best fried chicken I have ever ate. I bit into it and told my gf she had to right away, My meal only came with 2 pieces, but we wanted more. We were told from our lovely server that they did not have enough and that they do not sell the chicken by itself! She was nice enough to let us buy 4 pieces and it disappeared on our way to the airport! I was hesitant to try the rabbit jambalaya, but I did. I can't really say if it was good because I was trying to block the thought of me actually eating something not beef or chicken haha. Love New Orleans, I don't think I would be dissatisfied with anything here, we'll see.Horrible experience. The rude waitress that screamed and got into fights with people waiting in line was not much better when handling our order. She practically threw my bottled water and my husband's drink at us. She never checked up on us and was very curt. The music was so loud that it practically shook the table. The food was dismal and really made me question the validity of the Yelp rating. I think that in New Orleans, people try out these restaurants after hours of drinking, which distorts any perception of food (You could fry a paper bag and it would taste delicious, if you are drunk).Dingy, dark and off the map bars always have the best food, and here was no exception. We waited about 1/2 hour and I'd gladly wait another hour to eat this food. The jambalaya and red beans and rice were phenomenal; what an amazing explosion of flavor! The fried chicken was ok, nothing too spectacular. They have a sampler platter so you can get a little bit of everything that they have to offer. What a great way to experience true New Orleans food!Our first taste of Nola and it was a great start.  We had the taste plate, fried shrimp and a duck quesadilla.  All were excellent.  The wife commented that the shrimp were the tastiest and snappiest she had ever had.  There was a line but it seemed to move pretty fast, and yes there were lines every where that there was good food.Worst dinner experience ever!!! Gumbo was so thin & runny, my waitress was busy talking. No spoon was offered. I have to get up & get it myself. Jambalaya was dead cold. Even tho the reviews on yelp were good... I have no love for Coops. Not the highlight of my trip. :(On the rec of the mgr of our timeshare we had dinner here. The first night we walked by, and the place just didn't look appetizing so we kept walking.  The second night we decided to give it a try.  Despite the line, the wait wasn't too long. We sat at the bar and both the barkeep and the owner were extremely friendly. The food was fantastic. I had the jambalaya supreme and my husband had the coop's taste plate. While we ate at many good restaurants while we were in NOLA, Coop's Place ranked only second to Commander's Palace on our trip.Best Fried Chicken and Jambalaya in the World.This place used to rock but horrible waitress made me feel like never coming back. Rude and unwelcoming and I wasn't even drunk. Get better staff Coop's!We got there around 10pm on a Thursday and luckily didn't have to wait for the table. I and the Jambalaya with shrimp and rabbit. It was super flavorful and delicious! I also had a couple picky-eaters with me and they loved the red beans and rice. Definitely coming back next time I'm in NOLA!The jambalaya was good but the sausage in it had an acrid burnt taste. We had it a couple of days later and it was better. Small bar with quick service. The second time there I ordered the fried chicken. It took FOREVER to get the order to the table and when it came, it was all dark meat. Very disappointing. My wife ordered the fried oysters and shrimp which was very good and the quantities were awesome.Are you kidding me! Do you like wait staff that are so HIGH they don't remember half your order and are too cool to even communicate. The place is dirty and who wants to pay more just get the right amount of seafood added to your gumbo. OK - maybe you are into grunge, then you will fit in here.Not sure how you have a locals place in the middle of the French Quarter but sure enough. Past visits here were brag worthy, this past week with 2 visits in, not so much. Well at least the game of pool made up for the food.My favorite place to eat in all of NOLA!  Every time I come down to visit I always make sure to eat there at least once, usually a few times.  The Cajun Pasta is one of the most amazing things I have ever put in my mouth!  The Cajun Fried Chicken and Bloody May's are also on the must have list there!  Seriously, if you're in NOLA you have to eat here!Service a bit slow, but they have very good food. The stuffed jalapeño peppers and jambalaya were solid choices.Don't let your first impressions when you walk in the door stop you from sitting down and getting some food.  The place looks like a run of the mill local bar, and there were plenty of....lets call them "interesting" people hanging out eating/drinking.  None of the above in a bad sense.  It just doesn't strike you as a place where you could get rabbit and sausage jambalaya....but you can, and you should.  Delicious.  The staff looks like they've been there for decades, and in fact, they have.  But everyone was friendly as hell.  I'd call this a gem plucked out of a touristy (French Market) area.You'll probably gather from the other reviews that the fried chicken and jambalaya supreme are excellent. And that's a valid statement. But I'd like to call your attention to another dish: crawfish & tasso pasta. Pulled directly from their website "Crawfish and our own tasso in olive oil sauce in a spicy alfredo sauce." This dish was amazing. Excellent sauce, large portion, plenty of meat both crawfish and tasso (cajun-cured ham). If you find your self in town for a few days, or are a local, I highly suggest you give this dish a try.I won't say this was the best food we had on our recent trip, but it was certainly by far the best value. We had the duck quesadilla, cajun fried chicken, jamabalaya, and seafood gumbo.The duck quesadilla was so good we had to come back the next day and order it again.   It may have been the best thing we had in New Orleans.The rest of the food was merely excellent.  One warning:  they don't allow anyone under 21 into the restaurant (it is, technically, a bar).  So if you have kids...switch off with your partner.Delicious surpriseJambalaya. I will never try anything else on the menu for fear of it not comparing to that wondrous jambalaya.Went to Coop's with three other friends and waited about 20 minutes to get in.  Once seated, the waitress took our drink orders right away.  I ordered the fried shrimp with fries and must say that it was good.  The atmosphere is rustic but comfortable.  They also serve breakfast here.My only gripe was when i went to the restroom (if you can call it that) and was horrified at how dirty it was.  The floor was flooded with water that was backed up from a sewer drain on the floor.  God knows what I was stepping in.  Wasn't imppressed.Was recommended to go here by a gray haired gentleman that tends bar at Pat O'Brien's. Best Gumbo I've had in New Orleans yet. I believe there is rabbit in the jambalaya- but who'd know- tasted like chicken and was fantastic. Love the smell coming from the outdoor cooking area. Disappointed children are not allowed in- because it's a must to go here if you're visiting.  Here's what we had last time for lunch: Green beans, Coleslaw - Awesome!, Gumbo bowl- best gumbo ever!, Cajun Chicken- wish I could have more right now.One of our go-to places in New Orleans.  The reviews are right: it's a bit dark and a bit dingy.  You feel like a local here.  The drinks are cheap and the food is off the hook!  We tried the tasting entree with a bit of jambalaya, beans, gumbo, shrimp creole, and a piece of out-of-this-world cajun fried chicken.  then we split a pasta entree, pasta apalousas.  Unbelieveably good!  Yeah, the service is a bit spotty, but it's the Big Easy, RELAX!Best Cajun food at a great price!!!Jambalaya and cole slawAuthentic  bar that serves up top notch cajun food.On my last day in NO, I wanted to check out Willie Mae's, but there was too many logistical factors that made me opt out for an alternative. So I decided to check out Coop's for fried chicken.  I ordered to go.  The fried chicken was cooked well and not overly greasy, but it had none of the sensational flavor I expected.  It was disappointing, but the expectation level was high.  Now the accompanying rabbit & sausage jambalaya was flavorful and overall fantastic.  It had great texture and consistency and smelled wonderful.  In the end I was too full to give a fair eval on the cole slaw.  It is a good lunch spot.Great fried chicken and Jambalaya when they care.  Sometimes it's really good and sometimes it seems like someone is over it all in the kitchen.  Great when your hungry and in tourist land.  Good cheap beer...it could be colder.Best meal we had during our stay in New Orleans! Started the meal with alligator bites, and shared the rabbit and sausage jambalaya. Delicious! It's a bar, with table seating as well. Food is cooked out back on the patio, as real as it gets. Wait staff was great, friendly, and made awesome bloody mary's. Good Prices. For authentic New Orleans cuisine, go here!This place was very good. It was one of the first places I tried in New Orleans - it was recommended by the shuttle driver who picked my friend and me up at the airport.Go for lunch or early dinner! The line's really long during standard dinnertime, and the food's the same.The french fries are really good. I suspect they are seasoned with Slap Ya Momma seasoning mix, which is for sale all over there. (It is freaking amazing. My buddy and I started the trip saying "Meh, we have all those ingredients at home" to - ten days later - "Oh man, how much of this can I fit into my suitcase?") Their veggie burger is delicious (it is difficult to find substantial vegetarian meals in the quarter - mostly just salad). The seafood gumbo was alright but not phenomenal.The crawfish po-boy came with an absolutely absurd amount of crawfish. The "sandwhich" was just a pile of crawfish with some bread buried underneath. I ate the sandwich (tasty) and brought the rest of them back to the hostel I was staying at. Reheated them in a pan with the aforementioned seasoning mix :)Exactly like an earlier reviewer said, maybe some of the BEST fried chicken I've had in my life!  And the Jambalaya was damn good too.  A good beer selection to round out the meal, and a great low-key atmosphere!I wish more than anything Coops would move to NYC so I could eat it everyday!!! PERFECT Fried Chicken, Red Beans & Rice, Jambalaya (made with rabbit - SO GOOD!) and Gumbo! True southern cooking and it's done right. Service is slow, but it's New Orleans so who cares? Enjoy the beer and atmosphere while you wait! We ate here 3 times in as many days. LOVE!very cool vibesloud music good food when I walked in no one was available to seat me ... I looked at the bar and at that time people were not eating ... the bartender was busy I sat at a table near the bar ( a high top ) ... it was very dark so I move to a two seat regular table near the bar as well .. when the guy that was running the place saw me , he was very busy to acknowledge me ... he finally walked by after 5-10 minutes and I asked for a menu , he had one in his hand he gave it to me in a very unwelcoming manner and said " sit at the bar " I thought I misunderstood it was very abrupt and rude -I went to him and asked did you say to sit @ the bar his response was "yep" and a turn of the backhe was very tool like in his look and actionshe was below tool in his behaviorI get it is a traditional take it what it is place.. and I don't need to have a butt kissbut this guy was a real turn offthe bartender ended up being great and my over all experience was enjoyablebut dude that greeted me was a bit too toolish 'I have to say that Coop's is the best restaurant I've found in the French Quarter. The food is beyond impressive and very reasonably priced [$10]. Every other place I've tried in the French Quarter has been over priced and bland for the tourists. Not Coop's and the staff is very friendly and eager to give out quality food suggestions. Get a Sazerac to sip and the Pasta Rosa or the Taste Plate cause the Gumbo is jumpin' off.This is one of our favorite places to go for dinner.  Especially since Coop implemented the "no smoking" rule.  I love the smoked duck quesadilla and the fried chicken rocks too.  The veggi burger is great.  The jambalaya is the best I've ever had.  Oh! and the sirloin tips or whatever they are are the best deal in the Quarter if not the city.  The service is excellent too.  Friendly atmosphere and full of characters.I adore this dive-y little bar and eatery on Decatur. I hate to recommend it because it seems every other place in New Orleans that I have heard raved about has been ruined by the tourist trade. Good luck here. The service is delightfully crotchety until you let them know that doesn't bother you, then it is fine! Hope you don't mind Stella the bar cat pacing around. Delicious spicy Bloody Marys and stiff drinks from the bar. We were there at midnight, so my husband didn't order food, but the Cajun pasta was to die for. Super spicy, but not burn your mouth out so you can't taste. Flavorful and spiked with fat juicy shrimp, sweet little crawfish tails, tasty, tasty house-smoked tasso ham, artichoke hearts and mushrooms. They held the oysters with no complaints the food sped out of the kitchen super fash and piping hot. A quirky, super cool wait and bar staff. We loved hanging out at Coop's Place.Best jambalaya I've ever had! Great, low key atmosphere, all around amazing experience. A must-try cajun spot for anyone visiting new Orleans.This place is a staple for me when I'm in NOLA.  The best Jambalaya I've ever had and the fried chicken is is within the top 3.  The service isn't necessarily the friendliest, but they get the job done.  The atmosphere is great.  Old cobble stone floors and old brick walls feels like you're back in time.  Dimly lit, with a house cat that roams around or even sleeps next to you while you're eating.  Some people don't care for pets in a restaurant but when you're NOLA you tend to lose the ability to care (in my opinion).  Highly recommended for anyone that enjoys the old grit of New Orleans.  I haven't tried much of anything else besides the Chicken and Jambalaya.  But if it's your 1st time eating there just get those 2 things and you'll be good to go.  Long lines can form during the peak hours so be wary.Service wasn't very good. It took them almost 20 minutes to greet and seat us, and, despite all the great reviews, I wasn't too impressed with the rabbit jambalaya. They do have a really funny bartender that calls himself a hillbilly though!They only had 1 server, but in the typical LA sense, she was able to take care of the whole joint without getting flustered.  She had a great sense of humour, and chastised  at the cook for not bringing me my taste plate on time.  There were local regulars in the bar (which was a definite plus) and the servings were huge.  My friend ordered the cajun pasta which was amazing and as I said I ordered the taste plate.  The gumbo was good, the jambalaya was ok, the red beans and rice was bland, and the fried chicken was awesome.  Perfect batter, moist chicken.  I left full and satisfied.I we had asked a local entertainer what would be a good local creole/cajun food place that we can eat at that ain't too expensive and this is the place that he recommended and he was completely correct. I went here with 4 people and we all ordered variations of creole and cajun food where I had a chance to try a bit of all and all were very satisfying. Though the place is rather small so it was crowded and their was a line outside to get seated and now I know why. Also the place doesn't look like the cleanest or the most decorated but definitely makes up with their cheap delicious food. The service was average.This was the best place I ate at in New Orleans. Emeril's got nothing on Coop. We went multiple times in our one week stay. Best fried chicken I have ever had IN MY LIFE - make sure you buy the recipe book so you can make it at home, we did and even though it wasn't as good as the real thing it was damn close. First timers get the sampler plate - a fried drumstick, gumbo, and rabbit jambalaya. All astounding. Can't wait for our next trip to N.O. Mainly for the food here.Low Class, Medium cost, and High marks for taste.  The rabbit and sausage jambalya will make you forget you're eating Thumper and the atmosphere will make you remember that not all great food needs to be served at a place with white tablecloths...or a bathroom thats actually inside.  I say great for lunch, a maybe for dinner and a definite for drinks.Divey place, with lots of character; tasty, if perhaps unspectacular classic creole dishes that come in huge serving sizes at pretty low prices.  It seems hard to go wrong with a casual meal and drinks here.I must say this place had people standing in lines outside. My partner and I decided to check it out. We waited less then 10 minutes which was great because I don't like waiting long for a restaurant I've never been to before. Once inside it was dark, very much a pub and the place didn't look as clean as I would like. The server when ordering seemed fine but when he brought are order out and it was wrong he had a big attitude. We ordered the gumbo and jambalaya. Gumbo was very bland and jambalaya was just OK. I would never recommend this place to anyone. Save your time and money. RUN!I have fond memories of my visit here since last time - it was at the top of my list and we ate here a few times then.  On this visit it was totally unimpressive.  The place was darker than I remember and the food was not nearly as good as I remember.Loved the jambalaya, and the fried chicken.  Don't expect anything too fancy.  Oh the Gumbo was excellent too.Good food and cheap drinks.  I didn't have any problems with the service.  Jambalaya was great.  One of my favorite stops on my trip to New Orleans.A local told us about this place, its usually packed on weekends so go during the weekdays if you can. I had the blackened chicken po boy and was a little confused by the lack of dressing/mayo/whatever but man oh man, it didnt need a thing! The chicken was so juicy and delicious that dressing would have ruined it! Coop's knows how to fix a po boy. But they dont have desert, so dont go if your looking for some bread pudding afterwards.My Boyfriend and I discovered this AMAZING place VIA the "Beer Guy, 1$ Cherry Bomb" stand on Bourbon Street!!! We wanted a nice place that wasn't touristy with GREAT FOOD, and sure as S*IT he was 100% correct!!! Small place, and we arrived at 6pm on a Wednesday. We were seated right away, just to discover the long line that had formed outside!!! I had Redfish Meuniere (Redfish fillet floured & sauteed with a tangy shrimp & butter sauce with Worcestershire, lemon, and hot sauce) It was cooked to perfection, perfect seasoning and melted in my mouth!!! My Boyfriend had Coop's Taste Plate (A cup of Seafood Gumbo, Shrimp Creole, Cajun Fried Chicken, Red Beans & Rice with Sausage, and Rabbit & Sausage Jambalaya) The Seafood Gumbo. ***Very Hearty, and even came with a crab claw*** From there the red beans and rice had smoked meat that really set it off!!! all for 12.95 for the TASTE PLATE!!!! SO authentic that they don't even price gouge, a great Birthday Dinner for my Boyfriend!!!!!To sum all this up: Great Food, Amazing prices, and Good spirits = Coop's Place!!!Thank you Ally Beer Guy from Ohio for suggesting this place to us!! So sorry we decided to go to Jacques-Imo's Cafe on Thursday instead of coming back to COOP'S!!!!!!Great place to experience some good Cajun food! When we arrived, there was a line out the door, which is usually a good sign. We waited around 30 minutes and took a seat at the bar. I went with the sampler, which has a little of all their favorites (jambalaya, gumbo, fried chicken, etc.). My fiance had the fried chicken, which was some of the best I've had! The chicken was juicy and fried perfectly! Overall, the sampler was good but I've had better gumbo (too much thyme). Due to the large portions, neither of us finished half of our plates. Good selection on beer and an unique atmosphere. We will return!Asked my hotel for a recco for lunch.  I wanted to eat where the locals ate.  They pointed me to Coop's.  I was hesitant becasue it's a dive bar but hey..the staff at the hotel would steer me towards the right direction.   Coop's place was sooo good.  I had the sampler platter which included gumbo.  The gumbo was dark and tasty.  Not like the tomato like crap we get here in NY.  The gumbo made my nose run and it was the best I ever had.  I washed it down with some cold Abita.  Heaven!  The sampler platter included rice and beans, shirmp creole, Jambalaya, and Fried Chicken.  Presentation could of been better.  The food melted into each other.  Overall I really liked the place.This was one of the best meals I had while in the Big Easy.  Don't come here expecting to be pampered; I was here on a weeknight and even though I was one of the only patrons the service could only be described as inattentive.  What you should expect is Cajun food that is incredibly delicious.  I went with the "Taste Plate" which is kind of like a sampler entree that has portions of Seafood Gumbo, Shrimp Creole, Cajun Fried Chicken, Red Beans & Rice with Sausage, and Rabbit & Sausage Jambalaya.  Every single dish served was bursting with so much flavor that I would have been extremely pleased had I ordered any one of these as a main entree.  Also for the record I adore bunnies as much as anyone and thought twice about eating the Rabbit Jambalaya but after one bite any guilt I thought I might have had  completely left me.The flavors and preparation here far exceed anything that you will get at ACME or Mother's.  You won't see fancy pictures on the walls and your friends who have been to NO before probably wouldn't have discovered this place but do yourself a favor and eat here at least once if you're in town.Also if you're feeling touristy just order a Sazerac to say you've tried it but if you can finish it you're way manlier than me.To me, Coop's is one of the best kept secrets of the Quarter.  Yes, they are a bar first and foremost, and have the staff and interior to prove it.  However, the food here is exceptional.  The smoked duck quesadilla is amazing, and their take on all the New Orleans traditional favorites is spot-on.  I love how a previous review said it's a great way to be lazy with out of town guests, because they can try everything here and get a local beer as well... it's true!  Perfect when you have someone that wants red beans, jambalaya, and gumbo in the same meal.  Low key, low cost, and on the fun end of Decatur, it's definitely a hidden-in-plainsight gem.I think all of these other reviews are from tourists on their first New Orleans visit.  After living in Louisiana in for many years, I have been to many excellent cajun restaurants.  This is not one.  The only dish that was any good was the jambalaya.  Everything else had very little taste.  Add to that the rude servers and lack of draft beer, this place was nothing but a disappointing tourist trap disguised as a local restaurant.My wife and I ate here twice during our week long visit to NOLA breaking our "no repeat" rule.  Their sampler plate was great, and their fried chicken is awesome.   The staff was very nice.This place came highly recommended as a good local joint with "phenomenal" food. It WAS good alright. The gumbo was delicious and the fried chicken was indeed phenomenal. Great jambalaya and beans & rice too! The downside was the service was bad. No drink refills at all, had to go get the check so we could pay. The server was rushed and way too busy to do anything but tend bar. Still, we got our food faster than McDonalds can serve it and it was awesome!Went in to get an appetizer, tried the gumbo since it was so highly reviewed. Was disappointed. I think it was $6 for a cup of watery soup with a baby shrimp, a few pieces of celery and a lot of rice. Maybe I just got the wrong thing. I wished I had gotten something else, but didn't want to keep going after the gumbo.Been eating here since the late eighties .. back then had several good friends working downtown that reccommened it to us.. first time we went we were Hooked!! Great green goddess ..SUPER redfish and chicken jambalaya and pretty fast usedto have homeade rolls and dressings.. not sure about rolls ( no more bread for me) love the bloody bull there and  Love the staff a  lil' cranky sometimess usually awesome if treated well  and never rude( just honest)  but hey this is NOLA. That is the way it is supposed to be!Great food, great staff, great prices. The best fried chicken in NOLA, the rabbit and sausage jambalaya with cole slaw was amazing, and the fried fish platter was a great starter. Cold Abita....what a great place. Highest possible recommendation.Solid choice.  Really enjoyed the rabbit sausage jambalaya.  Blackened fish was good too.Found Coop's on the recommendation of a local that I met at Johnny White's Sports Bar.  Went the next night for dinner and - wow.  Nothing fancy, great staff, fantastic food.  Five years after my trip to New Orleans, my brother-in-law went to NOLA.  He asked me where he should go to eat - first name out of my mouth was Coop's!!  You haven't lived until you've had the rabbit and sausage jambalaya.  I'm now an old married woman with kids, but first chance I get, I'm making a run for New Orleans and my first stop will be Coop's Place.  Do not miss this.Service was so bad at first totally ignored for what felt like 20 mins. but was probably only 10. I  was finally helped by a nice server who noticed I was being ignored. Had red beans & rice w/ 2 pcs. of Cajun fried chicken. Chicken was good but had to add salt, pepper & hot sauce to red beans & rice, just lacked flavor. Crab stuffed jalepenos were good & they served it w/ horseradish sauce which was a good pairing.Damn good food.  Quintessential New Orleans.  Local, hole-in-the-wall joint.I don't know what is special about this place, other than the surliness of the staff. That doesn't bother me. The bar like scene doesn't bother me either. What does bother me is the food. We went there on a Thursday night around 11pm after reading the reviews on Yelp. I ordered their specialty, the jambalaya. My fiancee ordered the seafood gumbo. The jambalaya was very disappointing. It was tasteless and dry. I had jambalaya everywhere, even in gas stations. I can truly rate this as the worst I had tasted. I wanted to like this place but the food is just not good. The gumbo was too salty. My fiancee had to order more white rice to reduce the saltiness and make it edible. We had to wait for 20 minutes for the rice. I had to go to the bar to remind the staff. There are more on the menu to try, but after this experience, I would not return.The Jambalaya and fried chicken at Coop's Place is a MUST have in New Orleans!!!This place is perfect if you are looking for a slightly, under-the-radar New Orleans meal that won't break the bank.  We were fortunate to learn about it from talking with some locals at Tujaques a few blocks down the road.  They have the best jambalaya I have ever had with a perfect amount of smokiness and spice level.  I had the supreme version, which includes crawfish, shrimp and tasso ham in addition to rabbit and sausage.  I would recommend this version over the basic because of the Tasso ham alone.  They also have a pretty good beer selection and you might even see Ozzie the Bulldog (and mascot) if you are lucky like us.I had only two nights to spend in New Orleans and besides filling up on music, I wanted to get a taste of the cuisine. So, the guy at the hostel sent me and my sister to Coop's. Having never eaten cajun-style anything, I went for the taste plate. My first recommendation: Don't order this unless you love rice, a whole mounding plateful of it. Don't be indecisive like me and just choose a dish. Preferably the fried chicken and jambalaya.It started with a small cup of seafood gumbo, which essentially was a watery soup with rice. a variety of seafood and shellfish sort of scattered in, and spices. I have nothing to compare it to, but I was glad I didn't order it as my main. Then came the main plate. The shrimp creole came with two pieces of shrimp sort of hidden in a lot of rice and tomatoes. It was definitely forgettable. Next to it was the red beans and rice with sausage, which is exactly what it sounds like. It had more flavor than the shrimp creole, but still wasn't anything too exciting. Next to that was the rabbit and sausage jambalaya. This and the fried chicken (which, unfortunately was only a small piece) were my favorite. While the other rice dishes were a little watery, the jambalaya was full of flavor, but after about two bites, I just couldn't eat anymore rice.I would have given it 6 stars if the service wasn't soooo terrible. I was so dissapointed I almost walked out. I went there for lunch during my visit to NOLA. I was debating where to eat the best fried chicken, and trusting my fellow yelpers I came to Coop's Place. I arrived there alone, sat myself, and waited for a good 10 minutes before even being aknowledged. The lady took my order and came back another 20 minutes later with my drink. I kept looking back at the bar where she was standing trying to hint het that I was thirsty and waiting for her.BUT, then my fried chicken, rabbit and sausage jimbalaya and coleslaw came....aww I forgot about the wait, it was TOTALLY WORTH IT. The coleslaw amazed me, it was perfect. The jimbalaya was good but certainly not the best, and the chicken was all I expected and more. Hands down best fried chicken I have had in my life, and I love fried chicken. This chicken reminded me of my childhood in Venezuela. Down there the fried chicken is just slightly breaded to perfection, just like Coops.I highly recommended if you can put up with terrible service. Unfortunately the bartender was rude and disliked tourists, and I was just a regular girl not a flashy tourist with a camera, Cafe Dumonde bags and a map.The food was delicious and the service was fantastic!  The fried chicken was delicious (haven't had Willie Mays yet so I can't compare) and the jambalya was just as good as everyone said it is. I had the shrimp pasta rosa as well which was delicious too!  If you have a group bigger than 4 its going to be difficult to get a table and don't plan on being able to split the check. But it is definitely worth a short wait in line.amazing food, no bs-tourist prices/attitude. Plus its close to Frenchman St., which is a much more low-key then Bourban. Get the jambalaya supreme, but even the Fettuccine Alfredo and friend chicken was awesome.If you like seafood, their blackened redfish is amazing!!Met friends here about 8:00 on a Friday night, line outside was a good sign. Small dining area, bar area takes up most of the place. We ordered a drink at the bar and assumed our spot in line outside the front door. After about 20 minutes we took at seat at the bar for dinner and couldn't have been happier. Outstanding redfish special, crawfish over the whole thing in an awesome brown sauce, with Cajun green beans on the side. The perfect creole dining experience...Long line to get in but definitely worth it. Spicy and flavorful food in a noisy and fun environmentIt's a slice of New Orleans, but I'm not sure it is worth all the hype.  We tried to go one evening and there was quite a line outside, so we skipped it and went the next day for an early dinner.  The line is due to it being a very small place.  This time we had no wait, and I'm glad.  Had we waited a long time we'd have been very disappointed.  My meal was very good.  I had one of the specials.  However my wife had the rabbit and sausage jambalaya and it was obviously not recently prepared.  We're assuming it was left over from the lunch hour and nuked.  Warm in the middle it cold on the edges.  Basically, I wouldn't wait in a long line to eat here with so many other great places to eat.I went here twice during my road-trip last summer. It is a definite diamond in the rough that looks like a dive bar but ended up having some of the best food I had in New Orleans. I got seafood gumbo one trip and fried chicken the second time. That was some heavenly fried chicken.One of the very best places for excellent food in all of NOLA. A complete dirty looking hole in the wall place with food that looks and tastes like it belongs in a 5 star restaurant. This place will be a place that is on your top 10 places to revisit no matter where you live.Loved their marinated blue crab claws. Didn't care for their gumbo soup at all- they are so watery and strong herb taste. Jambalaya was great. As far as the atmosphere goes, it is a small, dirty bar. I would not recommend for you to use their bathroom.Juicy fried chicken and some awesome Cajun cooking. Jambalaya Supreme is taaaaaasty.My husband & I were in town for a long weekend & had several friends that recommended this restaurant. We heard about the line, so we were prepared, however we arrived around 9/9:30, the line was short & we were seated within a half hour. All was well, we ordered a cup of seafood gumbo, the blackened red fish & the highly recommended bloody Mary's. They don't get any better than that! Spicy & they pack a punch!  The only downfall was the hour it took to get our food. We didn't mind that much, since we were having fun. I did hear the guy next to us ask about the slowness of the kitchen, the bartender said they were still trying to catch up. And there were a few people that sat down after us that were served first. We had such a great meal that we popped back in late last night for a midnight snack!Great, authentic cajun food. Stop reading this review right now and go order a duck quesadilla. Trust me on this one.Shit's real here. Bartenders cussing eachother out, loud place with ridiculous southern food. I'll never find a place like this ever again. So great.This place came highly recommend. Stay away, an hour after we ate both my wife and I got stomach cramps. A man came in with a dog and sat next to us, dog sat there begging for food, when he didn't get any he jumped on the table.Oh Coops, OHHH how I have missed you so! I will be there in 9 days during Tales to get my fill on your amazing fried chicken! I just hope you are still serving that amazing red fish soup as a special as you did last year! delish!!!The duck quesadillas were awesome. SO SO good. The gumbo was really really good too. I got the "taste platter" and I wasn't a fan of the jambalaya or the shrimp creole. Very mushy. But, maybe that is just my Northern palette talking. Very reasonably priced and the service was actually better than in most of the other more fancy places we went to. This is a no frills NOLA establishment. We went for lunch and there was no wait, although I don't know if I would wait in line to eat here. I am very glad I went to the restroom after my meal, because if I had gone out to that backalley courtyard prior to eating I might have turned around and left. Let's just say it is not the highest standard in sanitation. But I guess all of NOLA Is probably like that if you go behind the scenes. So, if you want an authenic Creole meal for a cheap price, Coop's is for you.First time to new Orleans, and this place was featured on a food network show. I had the muffuletta sandwich and the locally brewed "Turbo dog" beer. Since I like dark beers, the server recommended I pickup some "Old Rasputin Imperial Stout" from the liquor store next door. In addition to the food, this was the best stout I have ever tasted.Wife and I went in to eat a late breakfast-early lunch.   My first impression was that this was a dive......but it was full and there was a constant turn over of customers.    The service was VERY GOOD, the food was EXCELLENT and it was a very memorable time.   I will be back for fried chicken, slaw and rabbit jambalaya.By far the BEST fried chicken I've had...ever. The cajun spices and the light breading make this absolutely amazing. I even ordered a side of chicken strips because it had the same seasoning. Also, absolutely noteworthy was the smoked duck quesadilla and my husband (much more adventurous than I am) LOVED the rabbit jambalaya. Service was great, decor was scary and very "dive" looking, but so worth it. Word of caution: this is a BAR that serves food, no one under 21 allowed...oh well, more for me.First I had a bowl of gumbo that was the best I'd ever had and has inspired me to a big shift in my own attempts.  Then I had a wonderful crawfish etouffe and then topped that off with another bowl of gumbo to see if I just got lucky the first time.  All good.  Real fresh ingredients from the oysters to the veggies and clean tasting sauces with lots of depth.  I'm heading back tonight even though I already ate.If you are looking for some authentic Jambalaya in New Orleans look no further Coop's is the place to eat!! We went there for lunch for some Jambalaya Supreme and decided to go back again for dinner for some more Jambalaya of how delicious it was and also had the Pasta Rosa. The pasta rosa was a bit on the oily side but still very delicious. The atmosphere was very laid back and so was the service. I highly recommend it to anyone seeking authentic Creole food at reasonable prices!Fried chicken mind fuck. Sit at the bar, Barmaids were so much fun. Do a shot with them and have a great timeBest fried chicken, rabbit and sausage jambalya, and rice and beans I ever had!!!  There is always a line so go on the early side, though its worth the wait.  Mmm mmm good!Down-home and unpretentious, this place serves up great creole food. The rabbit & sausage jambalaya was off the hook.No trip to Nola is complete without at least 2 or 3 stops @ our fav Dive Bar, Coop's Place. Great food!!I was in NOLA and craved good fried chicken-I got it! Fried to perfection-crispy and moist.  The jambalaya - I think it was rabbit & sausage was good. Took a while to get the cole slaw that they make but wasn't anything special.  A little pricey with the meal about $23 (I forgot exactly how much) but was good to try.Worst seafood gumbo ever. Basically it consisted of a thin brown liquid punctuated by some bits of rice and okra slices. The seafood seemingly forgot to show up. I did find two tiny oysters which looked suspiciously like they'd come out of a tin. I know there has to be better gumbo in New Orleans, even in the French Quarter.Coop's place was a mixed bag. The sampler was a good way to get a taste for everything but the only part we really liked on it was the jambalaya. The chicken/shrimp tchoupitoulas was excellent though...nice heat on the chicken sauce and on the beans (photos attached).Thanks Yelpers for recommending this place! On my trip to New Orleans a few weeks ago, I decided to have dinner at Coop's Place based on recommendations read here. It was probably my most delicious and satisfying meal. I had the Coop's Taste plate, which is a sampler of all their awesome dishes - gumbo, jambalaya, red beans and rice, and of course - their FRIED CHICKEN. Let me tell you, I'm not a big fan of fried chicken to begin with... but Coop's fried chicken has made me a convert!! As I'm writing this, I'm craving some. Lol. I sat by the bar and the service was decent. Food came out pretty quickly. There was a line to get into Coop's but I didn't wait too long (10 mins max). Next time I'm in New Orleans, I'm definitely coming back!Food was good to excellent. We had the gumbo and the tasting plates.  I think their fried chicken and jambalaya are incredible. Bloody Mary- fantastic, perhaps the best part of the meal. But the music drove me nuts- I never understand it when I'm chilling in the quarter and the only music in these awesome little dives is 80's synth pop...Nice little spot near the french market. Menu was simple, and the place has more of a bar than a restaurant atmosphere. Went with the jambalaya. It was good, a bit spicy, very hearty, lots of meat, and generally rather satisfying (especially when one is planning a long night of drinking ahead). Service was a bit slow, but attentive, place is somewhat crowded inside though.This is one of my favorite places in NO.  I started going here back in the 80's.  It was pretty much a hole in the wall place near the French Market with a pool table and long neck Abita's.  But the gumbo and jambalaya were excellent.  The food has remained consistently good and I will usually slide by for at least one meal of gumbo when here.Fantastic fried chicken!!! Red beans and rice fell short, very bland.Great chicken Alfredo and jambalaya supreme. Pedicab guy steered us right!!!!Fried chicken done just right with sausage and rabbit jumbalaya.  The slaw and bloody Mary was great too.  Get there early to avoid the crowds.We are Baltimore natives and we come to Coop's Place for lunch first thing when we into town. Usually on a Wednesday. Laura, the bartender who has been there for years knows us by now and I always get the Taste Plate and a Sazerac.  I'm there at least 3 times a year and usually Wednesday afternoon is some local folks and us. Never that crowded that day and time and the Fried Chicken is as good as I've ever had. Check it out!Fun, loud, lively and good creole!  After a half hour wait with a good drink from next door, I had the sampler. Yum!Best place to get the quintessential new Orleans food experience. Get the tasting plate. Often a line out front but only bc this food is amazing!!Went for dinner on a weekday.  No line.  Sat at the bar.  Good service.  Great fried chicken.  Asked for all dark meat.  Yum!  Comes with a side of jambalaya.We were told to try Coop's by a couple of locals that saw us trying to figure out where to go. They gave us directions and told us to order the duck quesadilla. We found it and we're lucky that they had a table. It is very small. We ordered the duck as an appetizer and I ordered the blackened chicken Po' boy and Pat ordered the oyster Po' boy. The service was great and everyone was very friendly. It was really noisy.The duck quesadilla was very moist and the cheese was delicious. My blackened chicken was tender and seasoned. The serving portions were very generous. We were both glad that we listened to the locals.Rabbit and Sausage Jambalaya was the best jambalaya I ever had. Along with cheap drinks, what more could you ask for.I love southern food. You just can't get a ton of it out west, at least not in similar essence to what you *can* experience in the south. My buddy said that I had to go to Coop's Place. He warned me: do NOT go into the back, and if you do, don't look at the "kitchen." I recommend the same, but suffice it to say that regardless the fact that there's a sign stating "No Photographs" of the kitchen area, the food was great. I had fried chicken and a side of Jambalaya. One of the people I ate dinner with was from Memphis, so in his opinion the chicken was just okay, but in mine, it was great! So too was the Jambalaya. I dropped a star in the rating due to the service. We did not have to wait as we were willing to spread out as a group. Dinner took a while to be served and the waitress was cold. When the check arrived, she claimed it couldn't be split as she "isn't able to do that." Bull shit. That's the oldest wait staff crock of BS laziness. I should have dropped 2 stars, but the food was too good in my opinion. I hear the line for this place can get crazy, and thankfully for us it wasn't, otherwise that waitress' tip would have been zero for her attitude. That said, try anything with rabbit when you stop by.I couldn't wait to go back to Coop's for the fried chicken! Sadly to say my second visit was not what I remembered! The chicken crust was good and crunchy and spiced up well but underneath was dried out chewy tough meat! The sides of gumbo was mushy and tasteless! Save your money and go to Emerils for his Chicken Waffles! Will not be returning to CP!It took a few minutes for them to seat me and then I sat at the bar, once instructed to sit there, for about 10 minutes before I was greeted. Food, once ordered was very prompt and delicious. Oyster sandwich was delicious. Crispy and not over battered. Also had rabbit and sausage jambalaya. Jambalaya was spiced just right. Overall, food gets a five. Service gets a two to three.Coop's Place had some surprisingly good fried chicken for a bar/restaurant. There were other foods to choice from on the menu but I came here for their fried chicken. They had a choice of the 2 or 3 piece dark or white fried chicken plate. I choice the 3 piece white meat plate and it was more then enough to fill me up.The rabbit and sausage jambalaya was good but the other side was just OK. The chicken came out crispy, spicy and juicy but the only problem was that it was a little bit salty for my taste. Not too salty to stop me from finishing all 3 pieces.Coop's Place is a dive and does not have good service. The waiter kept giving me the wrong drink but I really did not care. The food however came out pretty fast and they were open late.Gross food, bad service, long wait. What else can I ask for! Used to be pretty good. I think they let the junkies in the back take over the management.Coop's was one of a few restaurants recommended by a New Orleans native who now lives in New York City.  We were lucky enough to get a meal there last year during Labor Day which was very memorable.  The rabbit jambalaya was terrific as was the duck quesadilla.  My dining companions thanked me for bringing us to Coop's. We were all very satisified.  I visit New Orleans yearly and have had a chance to sample more than the typical tourist traps.  This place stood out for its ambiance and more importantly for its delicious food.  I am going back this Thursday for my yearly visit and will surely stop by for another meal.Best meal in New Orleans...don't know bout dat!!!  I arrived on a cold rainy night with a hankering for a bowl of gumbo.  According to the menu, this is one of their specialties.  This is the best gumbo in New Orleans...according to yelp.  With great anticipation, I waited with an Abita for the bowl of gumbo to come out of the kitchen.  The gumbo was awful!!!  In fact, I left most of it behind.Now I know there are lots of different styles of gumbo.  Maybe this wasn't my style.  Maybe the other dishes are  better.  Its just, a place that claims to be a gumbo specialist should not have such a severe swing and a miss.To the credit of the Coop's, the place is comfortable, the people were pleasant.  Just don't go there for the gumboWell really a 3 1/2.  Food was marginal, but cheap.  Interesting decor.  Would I go back to eat? Probably not, but hey, they are open late.  So maybe.We were staying close to Bourbon Street and walked a long way to go to Coop's to get some good fried chicken we had heard about from the reviews.  We were very disappointed.   The chicken was not juicy but was ok.  The rabbit and chicken jambalaya was not good.  The seafood gumbo I would not even eat.  I was glad I had had a big breakfast earlier and was not that hungry.  Luckily JImmy Buffet's Margarita ville was across the street so we went over and had fabulous drinks there to make up for it.Great neighborhood joint in the French Quarter. We are newbies to Cajun cooking, but I'd have to say that this was a great first experience. Friendly service, huge portions, delicious food.Although they're not the featured dish - which is equally delishioso - the green beans on the side are slow roasted in butter and bacon. I mean, shit. Be still my heart, I'd eat them all day long.Long wait, but worth it. Super spicy pasta jambalaya. Huge portion. Duck quesadilla is to die for!!My husband and I sauntered into Coops at 2pm on a Friday afternoon in December. I'd heard that the food was amazing, but that was just the beginning. I don't drink beer, so I ordered a Woodchuck (one of the few places with cider I found in NOLA, if I lived there I'd go on a campaign for them to stock their bars with Blackthorn and Strongbow, since it goes so well with Cajun food, but I digress.) My husband got Turbo Dog, and the pints kept coming. "You want another one, sweetie?" was the refrain. The bartender had a gruff exterior, but revealed herself to be extremely nice and attentive.While we waited for our food (rabbit jambalaya with tasso and crab, and a crawfish po-boy), we struck up conversation with the folks at the bar. We spent three hours talking to locals and tourists alike, learning about the crewes, art, talking about the best way to prepare jambalaya and gumbo. When you go to Coops off peak, the staff waves hello and good bye to every patron, and seems to know them all by name. We felt equally welcome, even though we were from out of town.The food was amazing. My husband loved his po-boy, but the jewel of the meal was the jambalaya. Spicy, savory, well-textured. It is my new standard for jambalaya. I'll always be saying "not as good as Coops!" now!First off the menu left much to be desired... Selection was very small.Food tasted pretty good had the Supreme jambalaya portion was on the slim side cost more than it should service blew big time was told "sit at the dirty table " by the waitress and the bathroom was horrendous came with a complimentary dead cockroach no paper towels and soap in a ketchup dispenser gets two stars for food flavor onlyMarinated crab claws. Do not leave the freaking quarta widout dees! Ya heard kid!BEST jambalaya in town, hands down.  I come to NO often for work and always hit Coop's while I'm in town.This place was not all that it was said to be. We were told by a local that this was the place to be. NOT! The service was TERRIBLE! I am cool with mediocre service but this was beyond that! I was hoping that this was the best dive in town. I can't remember the name of the dish I had but it had shrimp and rice. It tasted bad and was really greasy. My boyfriend got the fried chicken and he said his mom made better chicken then that! After reading the reviews it looks like we should have tried the gumbo. Overall I would not recommend this to anyone!This place is really small but don't let that discourage you, the service was good but the food was AWESOME!  I had the crawfish & tasso Alfredo and the flavors really explode in your mouth.  Has a little spice to it that lingers.  The Tasso was perfectly smoked and added great flavor.  The Bloody Mary is great too at a great price.  My husband has the crawfish and shrimp pivot and it was loaded with meat. We will definitely be coming back to this pub!!I went there with friends who had been there before and insisted we go.  We ordered an appetizer platter that contained 4 smaller dishes.  The short story is, the food was excellent and the wait service was extremely slow considering the place is not the big, it wasn't full and there were two waitresses.  I'd go back just for the fried chicken alone.Great food. Good prices. Waited about 30 minutes, but it was worth it.Definitely a must-eat while visiting the French Quarter. Service was great relative to New Orleans.Great food, better atmosphere. Bartenders are snarky and loud and the regulars will talk your ear off. Long wait outside, and there is no "wait at the bar for a table" option. Either eat at the bar or wait outside for a table. Food comes out super fast. Fried chicken is amazing and not spicy as you would expect. Red beans and rice are the best I've had. The rabbit jambalaya (or jambalaya supreme) is amazing, too. On the pricey side, but worth it.Fried chicken was delicious, but the service was horrendous! (Jordan)Been coming here for years!! The best food in Norlins buy far!!Okay, so I read these reviews and I was so excited to go to this place.  Had I just stumbled upon this spot I would have really liked it but it did measure up to the positive reviews here.  I had the Coop's sampler plate.  That came with gumbo, shrimp creole, a piece of fried chicken, red beans and rice, and jambalaya.The gumbo was GREAT and came out first.  The chef actually came out and spoke to us and brought us our food.  I thought that was sweet. Everything else was sort of blah.  The chicken was dry, the Jambalaya wasn't hot (as in room temp.), the shrimp creole was okay I guess,  and the red beans and rice were average. What really makes me give it only 3 star is a ROACH crawled out from the wall onto our table.  And I'm a person who really believes that all restaurants have some sort of pest problem, so I'm not disgusted by the idea that a restaurant has roaches.  I was once at a country club and a mouse ran across the dining room.  It happens but that roach on MY table just grossed me out.Ordered the Jambalaya Supreme, which was very flavorful. The rabbit, sausage, shrimp, crawfish, and ham were all tender and great. Only drawback is the mediocre decor. Great meal!Quite a hole in the wall kind of bar, but the jambalaya supreme was excellent!!  The smokey Tasso flavor combined with the spices were a perfect balance!  The staff were your basic bartenders/servers who did an excellent Job of getting us seated, getting drinks, and quickly getting our food.  We enjoyed the experience!My favorite place to go in NOWe've always wanted to try this place and this year we found a great way to do it. Take out! And since we are now traveling with child we know the three of us can't get a table here. So on our last night in New Orleans I went Coop's, sat at the bar, ordered food and had an Abita and cup of gumbo while I waited. Excellent seafood gumbo, we also had the stuffed jalapenos, fried chicken with jambalaya, and chicken tchoupitoulas. Everything was really, really, good. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for really good, reasonably priced food in the French Quarter. There can be a line so be prepared to wait.Had dinner at Coop's tonight. Wait by the door until called to a table and don't act like a moron and the staff here are great. I've only recently (by a week) turned 22 and did not provide my I.D and was not asked. The waitress was quick to take orders and I found her manner sassy and humorous (not rude at all.) Cheap meals by Decatur St standards and cheap drinks too!Ima keep this one short and sweet.  Great lil spot to get a beer and some good ol jambalaya.  The rabbit n sausage jambalaya was REALLY good and the duck quesadillas were excellent as well.  Reasonable prices but beware its a hole-in-the wall. Good spot.We took the advice and got there early and was seated immediately. It was tough to choose from the tempting menu so we settled for the taste plate which started with the well-seasoned seafood gumbo. The platter came with one piece of the excellent fried chicken, the rice and beans, shrimp creole and the Jambalaya. They were all terrific and we were nicely filled. Well worth the noise, gritty ambiance, and plastic cups.Coops Place is the kind of place I like to go when Im in a city, more of a local place that not all the tourists go to.  It is off the main area and not somewhere you would see and think to go in to eat some delicious food!  All the food was great, my husband had the sampler place and I had a salad and jambalaya.  All the food was so tasty, red beans and rice were delicious!  We had to wait about ten minutes around 6pm.  Also, no one under 21 is allowed!  Its dark in the restaurant and the bathrooms are dirty but I would go back there next time I go to New Orleans.  Everyone makes a big hype about going to Mothers Restaurant , which we went to as well, but if you have to chose I would go here!I was in New Orleans looking for some Jambalaya and Coops didn't disappoint. The jambalaya was excellent. Now I want to try their chicken.Word of mouth and social media have created lines to this local bar with exceptional Cajun Cookin. No one under 21 allowed, no exceptions. The appetizers alone can make you a great meal. Smoked Duck Quesadilla and Marinated Lamb RIbs are favorite starters. Then progress to your choice of Cajun Fare. This has always been a Locals hangout with great food and reasonable prices. Don't be offended by the wait staff and bartenders, they have a different way of showing they are glad you are there. A don't miss French Quarters dining experience.The gumbo is meh. Not my style, has a broth base to it. The service was excellent - very fast!We had the combo plate; jambalaya, fried chicken and beans & rice. Tried the gumbo and all great. Derive was great as well.This is another place that merited a second visit on this trip.  For a place in the middle of so much tourist trap traffic, Coop's is to be especially commended for keeping it so down-home and real.  The Crawfish Etoufee my friend got here was the best I had anywhere on this trip.  They were non-stop busy both mid-week and week-end, and the staff were friendly and cool at all times.  The food was a bit better on Wednesday than on Saturday, but only slightly, and we also had a bigger party and an opportunity to try more dishes on our mid-week visit.I loved the crab appetizer, the duck quesadillas, and the Chicken Tchoupitoulas.  I wished for a little more seasoning in the Red Beans and Rice, but the sausage on that plate was dynamite.  A must-visit!i like this place, especially now since it went no smoking.  But the food is avg at best.  For those looking for authentic and really good cajun, gumbo jambalaya etc this is not the place. Then again there are not many casual places in NOLA that offer good 'cajun'This is a dive with really good food. Friends had the mixed plate and they cleaned off their plate. Must have been good..... I had the shrimp and oyster po'boy which our server had them redo and they added extra shrimp and oysters. Really yummy though I couldnt eat all the bread.  I never had bloody marys before until I had one here. Very good and had just enough of a punch to get you. I really liked the pickled string beans that was in it too.I love coops! Best veggie burger I've had to date, but everything I've had there is awsome. It has as many locals and tourists eating there and it's always a treat for me!My friend and I were on vacation together and Coops Place was recommended to us by a local. The food is pretty good though, much like most of the restaurants we went to, didn't have a great selection for vegetarians. The veggie burger was good, the fries were fantastic. Service could be a little bit slow but the place was always so crowded so that was less a function of bad service and more from just so many people. It's a little crowded to get around too. Waiters were friendly both times we went. I'd recommend coming here at off hours if possible (like a little bit after the lunch rush) to avoid waiting outside. Still, it's worth a wait if you've got the time.This is the best place to get good cheap food in the quarter. Most places in the quarter are either over priced or bland pandering to the tourists. This place makes me homesick. Instead of flying into BR, I fly into NOLA to go to Coop's. The service is solid and friendly and the food is fantastic. The marinated crab claws rock!Amazing little hole in the wall that I would take anyone to if I ever find myself in New Orleans again. I had the sampler platter and everything was wonderful. The platter involved a cup of gumbo, jambalaya, red beans and rice, fried chicken and a few other sides. I hear that everything is pretty amazing and from looking at the dishes coming out of the I would believe it.Believe the rumors: Best Jambalaya in New Orleans. I went to New Orleans with a mission, and that mission was to find the best.If you're looking for a legit creole/cajun place to eat downtown, go to Coop's. It's definitely a divebar type spot so its not clean or fancy by any means, but it's my favorite place to eat in New Orleans (even over the nicer places like Commander's). Great food and atmosphere, just what you'd expect from a local restaurant in the area.It's small, so expect to fight for a table when it's busy, but sometimes the waitress will keep things in order on a first come- first served basis. The food is awesome. Great rabbit and sausage jambalaya, fried chicken, and shrimp creole. Everything is spiced just right, and the fried chicken is ridiculously good.Food gets a 3.5 out of 5Service makes it a 3Fried chicken is great here, The Rabbit jambalaya is excellent (esp w a piece of crispy chicken). The Duck quesadilia (spell check) was good. I didnt care for the pasta noodles (overcooked) and the instant rice (too many new orleans joints use it and it hurts the overall taste) The service ehh, how can i put it politely, nevermind i won't, they weren't!!When i walked in i met my server and told him i have two more joining me. He replied "Great ill alert the media"  Now i am one for a good joke (even at my expense) and i like a person who can talk a little sh%t. But this guy didnt let up. I warned my guests cuz they're known to give a server/bartender a hard time. But this guy was off a bit. I ordered the jambalaya along with my friend and his girl had the mushroom something.  They never brought my food, infact the server told me i never ordered anything and proceeded to argue with me instead of just go get my food. I have had some dining experiences like this here before and am used to it, living in new orleans.  There is a one cool bartender there who looks like he just got back from Burning man!I will still recommend Coops place to travelers, the rabbit and chicken is just that good, however i do put an note by it saying be prepared for some not so friendly service w/o a smile...We went to Coop's because it was recommended by a local.  If you are looking for fancy, this isn't your place.  It looks like a pub.  The food, however, is much better than pub food.  I ordered the shrimp creole.  Very good (minus the consistency of the shrimp which seems to be a NOLA thing as my shrimp at Jacques Imo's was also very soft).  Our absolute favorite thing was the crab stuffed Jalapeno.  The crispy crust was amazing!  If I went back, I would just stop in for a drink and order two orders of the jalapenos.Visited New Orleans and stopped by Coops.  There was a line, but there were bar seats available.  Had the tasting plate and an Abita beer (local).  The gumbo was good, the fried chicken was tender and tasty,  the rabbit and sausage jambalaya was amazing.  Overall great food.  The place is a little small and looks more like a rundown bar, but I'm not complaining.  The service can also be a little friendlier.  But the jambalaya trumps all.I think it is a bit overrated. However, food was good, service is, well not very friendly.  But, I think it is there thing.Horrible food! After a 30 minute wait we got our cold food that was slopped on our plates and brought out by a smelly, rude guy. Service is awful, they hate tourists and love to make them wait. Much better food in the French Quarter, don't believe the hype.Service was awesome, drinks were awesome, and the food was pretty damn good for a hole in the wall. I had the Cajun fried chicken with rabbit laya.Watch out for the monster roachesOk, what can I say I really don't like Cajun food thought I'd get southern fired chicken but it had all kinds of spices in it I didn't go for.  So what am I going to get well I'm Italian and the waitress said to me why don't you get a pasta dish well, I almost fell of my chair ahhh I don't think so.  Long story short I had to get something I was with other people and they were all excited about eating at Coops it was our last day in New Orleans.  So I got the light Fettuccine  dish with craw fish, mushrooms, shrimp, oysters, artichokes hearts omg it was fabulous the best I've had it awhile I had to write this review because the dish was to die for!  Check this place out.We were in NOLA over the weekend for a wedding, & this place was recommended to us by a local. We had to wait outside in line for a while because there was no list to put our names down, & it took the waitress a little while to take our order (the table seated at the same time as us got processed right away while we watched, slowly starving, from our corner seats), but the food came out pretty quickly and was great. The jambalaya was probably the best we had out of 4 meals in NOLA, & the oyster po'boy was awesome. Just ask for some cocktail sauce & tartar sauce to put on top; if you're like me and not sure what you want, the waitress will be happy to tell you what sauces you need. It was so good! My friends had the gumbo & really liked it, too.But best of all, we ordered the lamb ribs, but it turned out they were out, and the chef came out to tell us himself! They also forgot we'd ordered the crawfish appetizer & we were in a hurry so we cancelled it. They took it off our charge, but then the chef brought out a plate for us anyway & said he knew we were in a rush but he wanted to make sure we got it! Now that is some excellent customer service!Food was good but a roach fell on our table while eatingI went there because both The Palace's chef who is originally from nola as well as my friend who'd lived there recommended this place. The place was so crowded with a long line since it was featered in some magazines.If you are thinking about going, I'd recommend to go with two or less people if you don't want to wait too long. Alternatively, you can aim other than the regular dinner time since it's open until 3am.First timers, I would recommend Taste Plate since it includes some of their best dishes, including rabbit jambalaya, shrimp creole and cajun fried chicken. Servers are really nice and and atmosphere is great. I'd say everything about their fried chicken and nice flavor of shrimp creole were truly impressive. It also comes with gumbo.Price is reasonable for what you'll get.The food here is definitely delicious.  I love their jumbalaya supreme.  My boyfriend had a crawfish po boy and said it was awesome.  Beer and drink selection is normal.  The prices are also decent.  However...to people who say "psh, it is in the French Quarter, it's not a bad neighborhood!"...well, to those of us who bathe on a regular basis, it causes us to think an area is bad when it is largely populated by those who eschew normal bathing standards.  The walk down Decatur toward Coop's is full of these types - you know, the "starving" twenty-somethings who beg for money, reek of beer, have numerous dogs, and haven't showered in weeks.  I understand that hipsters think this gives an area character, but normal people don't like that kind of person.  It only reflects on Coop's in that a. one must wade through such filth in order to arrive at Coop's and b. there are elements of said unwashedness in Coop's...Our last visit was tainted by an extremely rude and drunk table of people who were blocking the entrance when we arrived.  Apparently, one of the people at the table was a waitress.  She yelled at us for asking the bar tender where we could sit.  She threw menus on our table and sat down at her own, loudly commenting about us to her buddies.  A group of five came in and she demanded they wait outside, and promised that she would come get them. She never did and she never came back to our table.  We moved to the bar, where there was a girl working (who was also waiting tables).  The rude drunk girl was being rude to everyone who walked in.  Luckily, the quality of the food was not altered by her behavior, but I know many people who would have walked out.So, if you want delicious cheap food that is available late, Coop's is for you.  If rude servers and drunk dirty twenty-somethings begging for money (and medical supplies!! A guy asked if we had any "sutures"!!!!) are too off-putting for you, Coop's is not a good choice.Absolutely a must go! The food is awesome and pretty cheap for French Quarter prices. Follow the rules and do not go in until asked, and don't act like a jerk if you waltz in and plop down at the bar only to get kicked out. This place rules, hoping to get some to-go before we leave!Food is fantastic!!However, cookbook did not have main recipe I wanted..."smoked duck quessadilla", I bought way too many cookbooks not to enjoy this one!  Coop will you send it to me?Good food. Had the Taste Plate...delicious! Only issue was that when paying our bill, it couldn't be split up for our group.the food is good. service is friendly, not what i was expecting for a 4/5 at yelp.ok, i have read lots of the other reviews; i had some trouble at coop's.  we ordered the gumbo and a shrimp poboy.  the poboy was excellent - would definitely order again. the gumbo was so spicy we could not eat it and WE ARE LOCALS.  we ARE used to spicy food.  so, that was bad, but the worst thing was that when the waitress saw that we have not eaten it and we told it was over spiced her reply was that it was "not spicy at all".  excuse me?  ever heard of customer service?  maybe our bowl of gumbo was different -  i know most people like the gumbo at coops.  so, we paid for food we could not eat.  should have asked for a manager to see if they could bring us something else.  we were made to feel like it was our fault.  to repeat, we were not tourists who were not used to spicy food - far from it.  we might try this place again but i'm not sure we could trust the wait staff to steer us away from inedible food so i don't know.  poboy was fab.We visited this place for lunch during the last day of our NO trip. Bearing in mind that the service at this hole in the wall place was not famous for its service or ambience, we decided to follow the true spirits of adventurists hoping to taste the best Jambalaya as some of the critics and fellow yelpers had claimed. Now it's nearly four hours after the lunch experience and I am waiting at the gate for my flight home. With an empty to-go cup of Jambalaya from the Gumbo shop, I feel obligated to write a review for my fellow foodie adventurists. Let me start with a warning: don't go!Here are the highlights of our visit:11:15 - we walked in, greeted by a friendly waitress, a little bit overwhelmed by the old house smell but nothing too out of extraordinary for a bar place11:20 - I saw two bartenders making some cocktails by picking some kind of pickle green beans out of a jar, both with their hands almost fully inside the jar. That grossed me out a bit, however we didn't order drinks, thus lesser of a concern.11:40 - food was served, not too fast or slow which is good. I had the famous rabbit jambalaya with salad and hubby had Shrimp creole. The portion of the jambalaya is small, a medium ice cream scoop at most. There was some burned pieces which I assumed are sausage crusts however the lighting was so bad that I couldn't tell what I was really eating. And apparently my taste buds had the same problem as well. Granted I am not creole so I may not know exactly how the authentic creole jambalaya shall taste like but I know about good food and this is not it. The tomato base is overwhelming, the shrimp tastes dry and the sausage though has a good kick, is nothing spectacular. The rabbit bit tastes ok but not much more flavorful than a good piece of chicken in other places jambalaya. 11:50 My husband didn't touch much of his shrimp creole - rice undercooked and shrimp unseasoned. We were pondering how to get out of this place without being cursed as warned by previous previews. Just then the infamous roach showed up on the table near the wall and that was it. 12:00 we stepped out of the restaurant with two take out boxes full of virtually uneaten food. We threw the boxes in a trash can a few blocks away. I feel that some we needed to scrub ourselves thoroughly with some alcohol after the experience. As my hubby said if you really want to go after reading this, take a tetanus shot and bring some food for the roaches.I am not sure why this place seems to be so polarizing on Yelp, and I thought I should throw my two cents into the mix. I have been here several times in my travels to NOLA. I love the vibe here and have had some amazing gumbo and jambalaya.  Probably some of the best I've ever had.  I will say that my SO thought the food wasn't as good as the last time we were there but I enjoyed it and will go back on our next visit to NOLA.  I am not sure what all the critiques of the staff were about as I have never experienced any issues. I guess maybe some people expect to walk into the place and feel coddled and that is just not Coops.  It is a no frills place where your tour guide and other locals go to eat. It is cheap, easy and good, but it is not fancy and depending on your expectations of a restaurant I suppose some prima donnas may walk out a little disappointed.  I love this place and probably always will.Coop's Place doesn't look like much from the outside (or the inside, for that matter), and it's located in a pretty obnoxious stretch of Decatur in the French Quarter (across from the French Market and close to tourist meccas like Central Grocery), but the quality of the food is surprisingly high, and the prices surprisingly reasonable given its touristy trappings. If you have friends or relatives who, like mine, seem fixated on remaining inside the Quarter and rarely venturing out, this is a good place to send them. Coop's often has a line of people outside the door waiting for a table, but unlike Acme Seafood, where the line is artificially created to drum up business, the line at Coop's is real, based on the quality of food. The fried chicken is moist and delicious, the signature rabbit jambalaya is rustic and spicy, and the red beans and rice is a very good version of the classic NOLA dish. That's why Coop's still attracts a healthy number of NOLA locals in addition to the hordes of tourists. Service is often brusque and perfunctory, but it's never been less than competent on any of my visits. What Coop's lacks in atmosphere it makes up for in the consistency and quality of its NOLA comfort food menu.We were visiting New Orleans for the first time, and Yelp suggested that Coop's had the best Jambalaya in town.  We decided to try it out on Sunday night, Memorial Day weekend.  When we got there around 6, there was already a line down the sidewalk.  It turns out that the inside of the place is very small.  I'm not sure it holds more than about 50 customers at a time.  We were seated and ordered: My wife had the rabbit & sausage Jambalaya - it was amazing.  But I ordered the Jambalaya pasta, and it made the regular jambalaya seem rather plain.  It was so awesome.  I would almost drive the 8 hours from Dallas just to have that again.  We will definitely return.Loved this place!  We were hanging out on Frenchman Street and caught a cab back to the French Quarter.  We asked the cab driver about a good late night place to eat... he said Coops and said take us there!  It was awesome...the burgers, gumbo, drinks!!!  We'll be back!Kinda divy bar and restaurant down by Frenchmens music area. Get the fried chicken dinner, a bargain at 11.75 with the best fried chicken, coleslaw and jambalaya we had in town. Granted we drank more than ate in this town.  We didn't care for the gumbo too much, kinda dirty water tasting. The shrimp creole was great though. Pretty cheap beer and really busy, be prepared to wait, but so worth it.This is primarily a bar. There are tables, but like a lot of places in New Orleans, it's crowed, and loud. You don't go there for the ambiance you go there for the Jambalaya Supreme!Ok so Coops comes highly recommended and was the one place I was not going to miss on my trip to NOLA. Stepping inside it was just was I was looking for. Hole in the wall!  The staff was great and you can tell they like working here. We went with the Coop's Taste Plate to try a variety of items. I was really looking forward to the Rabbit & Sausage Jambalaya. I found it to be pretty good but really it was overly mushy for my taste. It reminded me of the consistency of oatmeal. The rabbit in it was the star but there was not enough for me. The Gumbo was passable but nothing special. My wife loved the Shrimp Creole but you really gotta love fresh tomatoes like she does as it is packed with fresh tomatoes. Red beans and rice was good. The real star and a surprise to me was the Cajun Fried Chicken. It was hands down the best fried chicken I have ever had.The batter on it was unique and spicy and the chicken was more flavorful than I thought possible. I'll be back and order the Cajun Fried Chicken next time. hands down the best I have had anywhere.Worst experience at ANY restaurant- EVER!!: Our entire party was so upset that we WASTED an entire evening waiting for our food. It started alright; we ordered got drinks and waited. During Mardi Gras you expect an extra wait but after 2 HOURS we asked what was going on. Our server told us the cooks were drunk and doing shots and that there was no manager on duty!!! We couldn't believe it! We complained and got a free round of drinks. Finally the food arrived and it was stone COLD! Not room temperature but ice cold, like it had been pulled out of a fridge!! We complained again and even when 'reheated' it was still cold. We ended up getting the meal for free but it didn't matter because our entire evening was wasted at this dump. We missed a Krewe we had hoped to catch and were annoyed a good part of the evening. DO NOT STOP HERE!! I've eaten a lot of places and try to be fair when I review but this was honestly the worst experience I've ever had. I can't think of one positive thing to say about it.So I really really really wanted to like this place.....but it was so disappointing.   My heart hurts even remembering what happened.   I went to New Orleans last week for a conference and dragged my co-workers all the way from Loyola St. down to Coop's because I heard it was worthy of the visit.    I'm sure during the evening it's probably a really cool seedy/divey place to be but at 12 noon, it looks ummmmm really seedy and divey!   So much so that two of my co-workers opted not to eat there.   The hostess/waitress had a good spirit about it and moved us to another table.   My boss and I both ordered the Coop's Taste Plate, a trio of new orlean delicacies with a piece of fried chicken in the middle.    We were served a bowl of gumbo prior to the food coming out and it was spicey but not tasty.   There was exactly one shrimp and one oyster in both of our bowls.   The gumbo was warm but the one shrimp and one oyster were still cold from being refrigerated.   If you are looking for a generous seafood gumbo, that ain't it.   When the Coop's trio came out it looked amazing but again it was just spicy as heck.   So much that my mouth was burning because of the pound of hot sauce.   The jambalaya left much to be desired.   The rice was so overcooked I could have bottled it up and put a Gerber label on it but then again maybe not because it was too hot and a good 40% was burned.   I still had hope for the drumstick that was fried beautifully.  Nope, that was a pipe dream as well.    There was absolutely no flavor in the chicken what so ever.  I would have done better just going to the Popeyes on Canal.   Overall I would not go there for anything more than bragging rights and I would not send a friend and definitely not a foodie there.damn good jambalaya and chicken!!!Fried Chicken and Rabbit & Sausage Jambalaya.  Best of each I've found in New Orleans.We love Coop's Place food.  Our favorites are the lamb ribs and the blackened redfish.  Fries are excellent, as are their red beans and rice with lots of chunks of smoked meat in them. Unfortunately they are getting more well known and you may have to wait to get in, depending on the time.After several recommendations to try Coop's Place, we finally caved! We went around 9pm on a Sunday night and the place was very busy, still. There was a line outside, but that's usually a good indication of the food, so we didn't mind waiting.  Our group of 4 sat at the bar and felt like we were part of the excitement.  I can't attest to their mixed drinks as we only ordered beers, but the bartenders gave each group a round of shots (which, I think, were on the house), so that added to the vibe!  I ordered the grilled pork chop with a house salad and their green beans - which were all very good - green beans were excellent!  I would agree, though, that their waitstaff/barstaff weren't as attentive as other places we've been to in the Quarter.  I was practically halfway done with my meal before my salad dressing came out and it took longer to get drink refills (or drinks in general), even sitting at the bar.  It just seems that, with the bartstaff just standing around chit-chatting (and taking their own shots), I could get another Abita Amber rather quickly.  Overall, a good experience though!There was a line out the door on a Thursday night that lasted about 25 minutes before the two of us were seated. Guests in line, sipping drinks bought at bars they passed on the walk to Coops, are continually asked by "homeless" for money, cigs, a light, or (and this one was a new one to me) "could you pour some of your beer into my cup?" Inside every table and bar stool were filled. The interior is dimly lit with exposed brick walls and fairly loud music. The staff are friendly but move fast. Sometime too fast perhaps as two collided sending a beer bottle crashing to the ground. After making nothing short of a loud and hillarious scene and letting it sit for 5 minutes a man finally arrived with a broom and shovel - the average garden variety - to clean it up. Huge food portions. Great spicy flavours. One fish option - redfish - can be prepared blackened or in a spicy sauce. I got the latter over with greens beans and really enjoyed it. The whole place is an experience. I'm not sure I'd send someone here but if someone was set on going here I wouldn't discourage it. For the prices you get a big portion of food and some entertainment. Enjoy!This place was recommend to us as a "locals" favorite.  Maybe it is, but it wasn't that good.  The service was bad- slow, people waited on out of order when they came in, not friendly, etc.  The food was so-so- some of what we ordered wasn't warm, but we'd waited so long, we didn't want to send it bad.  It wasn't too bad, but nothing special- we had better food other places for no more money.  The bathrooms were gross, and the area near them, where food was being made, was also pretty dirty.  It's not the worst place you can go, but it's certainly not worth waiting in line for.  The beer list is also only so-so, though I can't say it's a lot worse than other places.  If you walk by and there is no line, it's okay, but many other places are as good or better.  It's nothing special.I have lived in NOLA for 6 great months and have thoroughly and actively enjoyed exploring my new town's great eats from the dives to the famous. I had never been to Coop's until tonight when some friends came in from Chicago and insisted we try this "gem." Well, don't bother. Dive "hole in the wall" places can be fantastic, but sheer filth is never cool. Add in the rudest, most condescending wait staff I have run across in this town - or any town, for that matter, and you can guarantee a miserable experience. The topper - the food was HORRIBLE. You will see glowing reviews on this site for the fried chicken. Well, I ordered what the menu claimed was "paneed chicken with fettucini." Paneed means "pan fried." What I got was a deep fried ball of grease faintly resembling a chicken breast on some sticky, totally over-cooked pasta that was so salty it was inedible. After cutting and plowing through the rancid grease coating on the "chicken" to get to meat and avoid giving myself a heart attack, (and trust me, I love fried food as much as the next gal, so this was extreme) I was rewarded with inferior, stringy meat that Popeyes or Kentucky Fried would be embarrassed to serve.   Finally - one special mention- at the top of the menu they have a section listed "house specialty drinks." They advertise a mint juelp. So we ordered some. The waiter - he said his name was Carey or Kerry, snidely told us that it would be at least an hour before he could bring us those drinks, because he "had to go pick, sort, and clean the mint, and you know that's a difficult process." What? Pick the mint? Where, next to the garbage bins visibly outside the back door? We thought at first he was making a joke but it quickly became clear that he was not only a total jerk but that this entire place is designed to make tourists feel small and stupid. Too bad he didn't realize that some of us live here and take pride in the great places this town has to offer and are willing to out the rip offs. Avoid this place.overall this place sucks!!! ppl need to seriously help other ppl and give better advise and reviews...1st..service and staff is horrible-i witnessed one of the so called waiters bump into an elderly gentleman and say "hey, thanks for the elbow!!" very rudely..the other 3 ppl with the gentleman were clearly offended and taken aback and left - the place is very very small to the point of uncomfortable so maybe they did nudge each other but regardless..other things were noticed..all rude2nd..the food is not good at all..i mean really good fried chicken (which was all that was "good") does not make this place to me..$9 for some tasteless beans and 2-3 pieces of chicken- hell nah!!!!i understand we all have diff palates but seriously not one of these dishes had any spark..nothingthe jambaya is total mush - had i not know it was to be jambalaya..i wouldnt have known wtf i was eatingthe red beans-totally flavorless - no depth - could have been blue runners with water added - but even blue runners have better flavorthe shrimp creole - tho diff and a possible hit wasnt "shrimp creole" it was stewed tomato & okra with shrimpthe rice was scooped on bottom of plate with so much water is was redic-whole plate was swimming in water!!!!once again, granted, the chicken is good but if u think its all that - go to McKenzie's on Frenchman St get a 10pc for $10 and tell me which is better!!!ok time to give something back..to all of you who think the beans are good/great here..msg me. i will give you a recipe, you can make your own red beans and u will never be fooled by or want crap like this again!!!!sampler platter was good.  homemade coleslaw = yum!Although it may not look like much when you walk in, the drinks and food are wonderful!  I ordered the duck quesadilla appetizer and it was very good.  It came with a delicious sauce.  My husband ordered the jambalaya and it was full of delicious meats.  I honestly couldn't stop eating his food!  Our drinks were perfect.The BEST meal I've had in NOLA by far (which is why I'm reviewing it first)!!! It was our last night & our last meal in the glorious, friendly, beautiful city of New Orleans. We had to get jumbalaya. Well...we had to get jumbalaya and fried chicken. We had to get jumbalaya, fried chicken, cole slaw, beer, and lamb ribs. Everything from start to finish was delicious. The chicken was perfectly fried on the outside and moist and tender on the inside (even the breast meat was tender and succulent!!). The rabbit and sausage jumbalaya was the best thing I had eaten the whole weekend here. It was spiced and a little tangy. AMAZING. If you've never had rabbit before, it tastes like ultra moist turkey, don't be shy it's cute and delicious. The lamb ribs was a perfect appetizer with a dipping sauce that made this dish. It was a sweet/spicy/tangy/explosion-on-your-mouth flavor. It's a small dive bar looking restaurant with amazing food & great service (but don't use the restroom here, gross). Other than the bathroom, highly recommended.This place was pretty cool. The staff was great & attentive. My partner & I shared an appetizer of jalapeños deep fried stuffed with crab meat. These were good. We also shared the blacken chicken sandwich. Very blackened . Salty but still good. The only negative aspect was the nasty bathroom. Other than that a fun New Orleans experience.There is a pasta dish that I absolutely love, but MAN is it spicy!  Cheap creole food and bomb fried chicken.  When people ask me about good Louisiana food in the quarter, I always send them here!worth the wait.yes its a dive bar and the service sucks- maybe even downright rude depending on who's at the bar..but you gotta go and have the most awesome crispy, juicy, rockin fried chicken on the planet..with a side of colslaw and jambalaya..go more than once!Sweet mother of mercy this place has the best fried chicken I've ever had!!! I got this and a plate of pasta with rabbit sausage and crayfish. BOMB! The atmosphere of the place was perfectly suitable for the food too and the service was friendly. I sat at the bar while I ate. The prices are also more than reasonable.My boyfriend and I went to Coop's three times in three days while in New Orleans for Mardi Gras. Frustrated with the overpriced, tasteless tourist traps, we asked a random local where to go for good Cajun food, and he pointed us to Coop's. The Supreme Jambalaya is hands down the best thing I have ever eaten in my life. As far as the complaints about the bathrooms, I would challenge anyone to find a super clean bathroom in any restaurant/bar in that vicinity, especially during touristy seasons, i.e. Mardi Gras, Super Bowl. As for the service, the first two times we went we had fantastic service, and the third we had the worst ever, but that was pretty much irrelevant since their food is so amazing.The food here was not great, but what is worth remembering is the unfriendly attitude of the heavy set bartender with glasses.  We arrived just short of the lunch rush, and were given smart ellick remarks when asked if we should share the sampler plate. Then she served 4 other customers their drinks before ours, but when we reminded her about our mint julips she seemed annoyed. When we asked for some change,  she mistakenly thought we were in a rush and snapped at us for the 3rd time. I felt I had to let her know that we weren't in a rush just so she might realize what an ass she was being. We still tipped her 20% cause we are nice people, but I regret that.  A friendly disposition goes a long way, and she needs to be reminded of that.I loved Coops place!  In fact I am sad that I can't go right now and get a woodchuck cider and a shrimp po boy.  Thank you Yelp for helping us to find this place after a disappointing stop at Dragos for chargrilled oysters.  When we arrived it was about 11:30 and there was a short line out the door that moved pretty quickly.  The old fat waitress that there are so many complaints about was either off or has since been let go bc our waitress was tiny and young and was plenty friendly. The drinks! Super cheap!  Laphroaig and grey goose, etc 7 dollars...i stuck to cider but those were still a cheap 3.50.  The food!  Sooo good!  Everything was piping hot, my shrimp po boy was exploding with fresh lightly fried well seasoned shrimp! The crawfish poboy was the same way, huge and delish.  But the fried chicken....It is spicy, juicy and  honestly just a fried piece of heaven.  My friend that ordered it repeatedly remarked that if she is ever put on death row that coops chicken is to be her last meal!  Can't say enough good things about this place.  Yes, it's dive... but it is a lovely dive.Luckily we did not have to wait in line, or this review would have been worse. Although the fried chicken did pass the muster, the rest of the meal was blah. The food being on the chilly side did not make it appetizing; considering that one plate was the sampler, we did get to try several different items. The jambalaya was better elsewhere. If you do decide to go, stick with only fried chicken. Unfortunately, we would not go back to this place.I don't know what the big deal is about this place. The service was great, the bar atmosphere is very laid back, but the food is so-so. We had Coop's Taste Plate which comes with seafood gumbo, rabbit jambalaya, fried chicken, shrimp creole, and red beans & rice. The gumbo was ok. The jambalaya rice was overcook and pasty , the flavor was not extraordinary. The fried chicken didn't have much of a seasoning except salt and the crust was too thick so instead of a nice crisp texture it was a little hard. The shrimp creole tasted ordinary - just tomatoes, peppers, and onions. It could have used a little more salt. The red beans and rice was good.Greasy spoon, New Orleans style. Coop's always hits the spot.People in New Orleans are some of the friendliest I have ever met.  The guys at the French Quarter Pizeria suggested Coop's and they weren't wrong.  First, I should say I am not a huge fan of creole/southern food, because it is usually prepared hours in advance and comes out where everything looks the same color: brow, red, or gray.   NOT at Coop's.  You tatse ever fresh ingredient. it is truly some of the tatsiest food I have had.  I got the sampler and added a white chicken breast (next time all chicken for me, maybe the best friend chicken I ever had) and made the jambalya supreme with ham crawfish and shrimp.  I was very impressed.  My friend Gorges got a chicken dish with green beans and shrimp, that was also good.  There was a line, but it moved fast.  Service was fast and very friendly.  If you want something different than Bourbon Street creole dishes, venture down to Coop's.  You will not be disappointed.Came here on a suggestion from a friend who is a local.  I read other Yelp reviews so I was expecting surly service.  The bartenders/waitresses didn't disappoint.  They made us sit at the bar, yelled at us for wanting to switch to a table when one opened up, and then didn't check on our table once after our food came.  The food is good though and you'll be surprised by the quality of the food from the look of the place.  I got the jambalaya which was good and came with a salad, which was nice because it doesn't seem like anyone eats vegetables in this city.  My fiance got the fried oyster omelette, which I thought sounded really weird and i was surprised she ordered it because she doesn't like oysters, fried or otherwise.  Although extremely greasy, it was awesome.  I would have never known that fried oysters are amazing in an omelette.  Definitely worth coming here to get a taste of the city in a place that isn't touristy at.  You also can't beat the prices.My favorite NOLA dive.  The Rabbit Jambalaya w/ shrimp and tasso is unreal!.  Great fried oysters and chicken as well.Our favorite place in New Orleans.  The rabbit & sausage jambalaya was our favorite dish (and we ate a lot everywhere!)  You absolutely must try Coop's!All four of us experienced a delightful meal. The Jambalaya was the best ever, the Lamb Ribs are perfect, great shrimp, what more can I say. It was perfect in every way. We sat at the bar and got the entire Coops experience.Ok, if there was a "dislike" button I probably would hit it. We heard good things about this place from a few people we met in a bar, so after Jazzfest we headed over. At about 8:00 there was a line. So we hopped on and saw the "no fried chicken sign" below the menu. When the manager came out we asked him what that was about and he said they had one bag of chicken left for the taste plates. Fab, love knowing that my chicken was living in a bad before it went in my stomach. Good thing I was sucking down a drink from across the street. About 20 mins later they brought us in and it was pretty much a dump. It smelled weird and they sat us at a folding table with folding chairs and nothing covering it. OK whatever the food looked good. So I ordered some gumbo then the taste plate. So did the other 3 people at my table. The gumbo came 10 minutes after everyone elses, (the highlight of the meal) then the taste plates came out. Except mine. After looking over at everyone elses plates I felt sort of sick- there was jumbalaya, fried chicken, rice and beans and some shrimp creole stuff all slopped on the plate. When he put mine in front of me I wasn't sure what to do- all the flavors were mixing together and it just looked disgusting. I picked at the fried chicken which was really good- tasted everything else and put my napkin over it.Minimal wait outside, this place is first come first serve, we arrived around 6pm and beat the crowd just barely. The seafood pasta was great.The only reason we chose this place was the late hours and half decent reviews. There is no clear indication of what to do when you walk in. There was no line outside but there were no tables available. I saw a waiter and asked for a table since no one greeted us. He just said "wait outside". Nothing else...we spotted someone getting up and we just went and sat at the table. Again- here comes same waiter guy- apparently he is the only one...who does that? Esp on a busy night? Anyways- he rushed us to order, looked at me crazy when I asked about the oysters...and was just plain annoyed. We ordered the redfish meuniere and split it. The sauce was just too sweet and the shrimp were cold. FAIL. The actual fish was sooo good, flaky & BIG. The biggest disappointment was the rice. Undercooked and NO flavor....it was so bad we didn't eat it....We did enjoy the salad and green dressing but that was it. SKIP IT.i had the pleasure of coming to coop's place last monday for lunch. with a plane to catch, but no desire to eat generic airport grub, we rushed in just as they opened at 11 am. the bar/restaurant has the feel of any dive i frequent back home, but with twice the charm. wooden tables and booths surround a circular bar, and amongst paintings and pictures on the wall, there's a whole slew of plaques advertising everything from "coop's place: voted new orlean's best jambalaya" to "coop's place: new orlean's best fried alligator". charming decor bonus round?  a spunky kitten named stella prowls the restaurant for mice, while stopping for the occasional chin scratch from patrons. now, despite all the advertisements on the walls: it was monday, people. red beans and rice for me, smoked sausage on top, and my husband went for the blackened red fish po boy with fries. after having ordered, i stepped out back towards the smell of smokey goodness, and saw a little courtyard featuring a huge grill of sorts. after adequate inhalation and drooling, i walked back into the restaurant, and our food was promptly served up. my heaping plate of red beans and rice was delicious, smokey bites of pork and beans with each spoonful, rounded out with a large portion of grilled sausage. but i think my husband may have had the upper hand on this one by ordering the blackened red fish po boy. grilled to perfection with a crunchy outside on the fish, and great cajun spices. also, there was a dijon mustard based sauce that rounded out a great sandwich. i only wish i had more time to have a couple abitas, and to come back for some late night fun at coop's. a nice little place to eat and drink, and i'm sure the night crowd gets real rowdy, in a good way.I personally did not order a dish when I came in here, but my friend did, and her dish was good enough for me.  Originally it was around midnight, and my friend was just hungry for a late night place that had some mean jambalaya. Coop's Place came up first on my Yelp iPhone app, and it closes at 4 am on the weekends!! The atmosphere was super chill, and the menu on the huge chalk board made the whole restaurant seem like we found the perfect New Orleans late night eatery.  The people eating here were mostly young adults, and the waiter was very friendly when he could clearly tell that we were out of state visitors.  The actual jambalaya dish was Good, really Good.  I tried some that my friend ordered, and the meat hidden in the mixture of rice was the best surprise when scooping each spoonful in my mouth.  I wish I had more time to try out their other dishes, but if you're a young adult and visiting the city, this would be the perfect place to wind down after some drinks.Had a great time. Trista is an energy that completes this place. Lamb ribs - great. Shrimp & grits - great. Highlight of my trip to New  Orleans The place is comfortable as can be the employees are focused in a good way. Again Trista made me feel at home and then some.I only had the fried chicken and the Bloody Mary.... but they were good enough to warrant five stars from me!  Oh, and good music too :)I had high hope for this place based on recommendations from some of the locals. There was a long line when we got there, about 8:30 on a Friday, but it moved fast. Our orders were taken quickly and our food came out fast as well. The food was decent, but I feel like it was nothing special. I got the New Orleans sampler: rabbit and chicken jambalaya , gumbo, shrimp creole, fried chicken, and red beans and rice. The fried chicken was one of the best I've ever had. The rest of the meal was average. The service was not great. Our waiter had an attitude like we were inconveniencing him just by being there. He was the rudest waiter I hve ever had! And we asked the food runner a question and he snapped at us and said he couldn't help us. The worst part though. Was when I was waiting in line for the bathroom there was a giant RAT walking all over their water pipes in the back of the restaurant. I know Coop's in a NOLA favorite, but I would not go back here unless forced!The shrimp was great and also the red beans and rice. If your hungry try it out if you miss it.... You'll live! Love the attitude the lady's at the bar have!!! I don't worry about them they can surely handle themselves. Our hostess/waitress was nice, but don't give her (or any of them) attitude cause they will throw it right back (I saw it happen) haha! But in her defense the lady was being stupid.ok, this place is generally a local dump, and that's probably a good thing. i ordered the combo plate that's topped with a piece of fried chicken and it was all just ok and nothing special, but that little chicken...brought me back the next day and ordered a plate of the stuff and it was fantastic! people were friendly and prompt, but whatevers, that fried chicken has a thin coating that stayed crispy and it was just perfectly done. i'd come back over and over again if i could.as is usual for those places, i'd do anything to not take a crap in those restrooms thoughWe went here because of all the reviews on yelp. The jambalaya was good, no where near as huge a portion as everyone posted in their pictures but, who knows. We also get the lamb things off the appetizers as someone recommended in their post but, those were like 90% fat, 5% bone and then 5% meat, not really worth it. Great atmosphere though!Usually love this place, the food is amazing and we can handle the surly service, but tonight, with NO LINE the food was really cold. That includes the jambalaya supreme and the duck quesadilla. Gumbo was hot and delicious, btw. The bill comes and we are overbilled for a mojito!! Husband big fan, but now VERY disappointed - doesn't want to come back!!Fried Chicken wasn't as good as advertised.  It was moist but very plain. Creole Sampler was weak because everything was fried.  The atmosphere was one of the best we experienced in NOLA.Wow! This place was so DISAPPOINTING and the food...DISGUSTING. I went here on June 12th, 2011 after getting rained out of the Zydeco Festival. I did some research before coming to N'awlins and Coops had decent reviews. Well let me tell you....EVERYTHING about the place was just TERRBILE!1. The Environment. The place is TINY...so don't let the line outside fool you. It can only seat 20 ppl so us tourist have to wait. LET ME TELL U...its not worth it. Its dark, dingy and really a biker bar that serves food. NOT a RESTURANT. As evidence o the huge pool table in the back taking up space where they could put seating....obviously the focus isn't food.2. The Service: Well that's just NON EXISTENET. Some dude feeling his hosting authority tells me and my friend to wait outside. 2 minutes later we are seated, tossed two menus and the guy disappears again. I never hear, welcome, thank you, or even how you doin' . Nothing!3. Most importantly, the Food: YUCKY-O BUCKY-O. I got the Taste plate and there was not one thing I could stomach without some re-working on my part, literally. The gumbo outright sucked. It had more okra and green onion in it than anything. The jambalaya contained watery rice, the red beans + rice needed a lot of seasoning, I only at the fried chicken after also taken a hit of salt to the head (yes...like a shot)....and the Shrimp Creole was just  'eh.The food was so bad I didn't even send it back and request something new. I literally ran out of this place as fast as I could. Between the food and the piss poor service I'm amazed so many ppl rate this place so well.***Small disclaimer: My cousin who is a native ate here a few hours earlier than I and claimed her food was "well seasoned." However, as for me, NEVER AGAIN! A place that cannot produce consistent quality food is just not worth visiting.Great locals joint. One of the better fried chicken. Not a huge fan of cole slaw but it was awesome. Cleaned the plate. Jumbolaya on spot. Multi layers of flavor. It's a bar with some dining tables. Outdoor kitchen. Must visit.One word: yum. Came here for lunch on a recent trip to New Orleans and thought the food was authentic and fantastic. We waited for a bit to get in (I've seen a line at dinner as well).  Do not go here expecting fine dining, this is literally a casual dinner in a bar, except the bar happens to prepare fantastic New Orleans cuisine. Service was good (a bit gruff, but definitely passable). I had the taste plate, which came with some sausage, jambalaya, and fried chicken and it was incredibly good--good mix of spices and just generally great comfort food. My boyfriend had the jambalaya plate and also thought it was good. Would definitely recommend this place for a down-home, delicious meal in the French Quarter.I had Coop's Taste Plate, which came with a Gumbo cup. This gumbo was probably my favorite in New Orleans. It was full of flavors, herbs, and had a great spicy kick! The Taste Plate was good, although I enjoyed the red beans and rice much more than the jambalaya. I highly recommend the Jambalaya Supreme. The tasso ham was smoked to perfection and absolutely amazing! And the crawfish was incredibly tender, juicy, and full of flavor! To go with the meal, I had a Purple Haze, a local raspberry wheat brew. Excellent body with a nice raspberry flavor.Ambiance great -- tourist-dive with good beer and ok food.  I didn't think the jambalaya was that amazing -- flavor was ok, sausage ok, didn't notice any rabbit meat in there.  I went for lunch -- would probably be better as a semi-cheap late-dinner/beer spot.We loved this place. Great service and delicious food. We even bought the recipe book! The rabbit and sausage jambalya was awesome as was the honey mustard dressing. You have to try the dressings/sauces. YUM.Excellent food and a great atmosphere (once you get through the line to sit :)In my Yelp search for "the best shrimp creole in New Orleans", I ran across Coop's. 600+ reviews and still maintaining a 4 star level...it can't be a bad decision.  We found our way to Decatur and stood in line.  It was the second weekend of Jazzfest and there were plenty of places to get a drink to go for the line.  It went quickly and we were seated what I call "English Pub style"...meaning...picnic like talbes...strangers sitting with strangers to maximize space.  It's fine...you don't have to socialize, if you don't wanna.  We ordered a Sierra Nevada (love that they had yummy beer) and the 2 piece Cajun Fried Chicken.  I know...I went there for the creole.  However, we weren't starving and the chicken came highly recommended.  It was delicious.  It was served with rabbit/sausage gumbo and coleslaw.  The sides were just ok and not important, but the chicken was really yummy.  We did not have dessert and the tab was less than $20.  I was impressed and would recommend Coop's to anyone.  Get the cajun chicken and a beer - bet you won't be disappointed!Worst service I have experienced in a very long time. It took the waitress 20 minutes to take a drink order after dropping the menus off and walking away ( meanwhile, she was behind the bar on her iPhone).  We sat with food in front of us and without silverware for 5-10 minutes before I went to the bar to ask for silverware( where I was told by the server who handed me our silverware that he "wasn't ready to cuddle with me just yet." Really?). The waitress forgot our salad completely ( but brought us a plastic container of dressing. Gee, thanks.) As a local, I was surprised that the food did not live up to the reputation. Our food was lukewarm and mediocre at best, our favorite dish being the jalapeño peppers stuffed with crab. The gumbo was watery, the jambalaya cold, and the redfish rubbery and overcooked (and also lukewarm). There are so many places to eat here. Go somewhere else!I like the dive-y ambiance right down to the disheveled dog patrolling the restaurant in the evenings. Fried chicken is downright delicious. Batter is perfectly seasoned with a crisp texture that was light and not oily. The Jumbalaya was the best I ever had  (first time) but the gumbo tasted too peppery for my taste.5 stars, i have nothing to add to the existing reviews... was seated immediately for lunch, the gumbo and sausage and rabbit jumbalaya were spicy and delicious. alot of energy in the room, great taste of louisiana cookinMy friends and I had just gotten out of the House of Blues and were hungry . . . sure all southern food tastes like heaven to outsiders but we wanted a local opinion and Coops Place was a name that came up time and again. If you want to get away from some of the crowds in the streets and enjoy a nice southern meal, throw back a beer and watch whatever game was on the tv . . .this is the place to do it. Try the rabbit jumbalya . . .oh my god! Every time I go to New Orleans Coops Place is always a stoppast margaritaville is the lower Decatur where the french quarter gets real - cafes and bookstores are open late.  the artsy locals like to hang out and show art and talk late into the night.  Right in the middle is Coop's - a bonafide good deal - the Gumbo is thick and tasty and the rabbit jambalya is as good as it sounds and not too $$$.  the patrons are as spicy as the food - a good place to feel like you are a local while eating good food.  I had the taster plate too, but can't wait to get back for a po'boyOH.MY.GOD. is the fried chicken the best I've ever eaten!  I don't really eat meat now but I did the first time I went and I'm still salivating.  Now I generally get the crawfish or veggie po boy, or the marinated crab claws- all sooo good!  As far as service, I think it's fine- I usually sit at the bar so maybe that makes a difference, as the bartender is frequently dual functioning as the server.I never give five stars. This place deserves six! You must try the jambalaya and the fried seafood appetizer.I got there when they opened at 11 am. It was good but not great. The jambalaya , red beans, n chicken were good.  I enjoyed it and will possibly go back.I think I'm in agreement with everyone else. We ate here after getting a recommendation from a vendor at the French Market. We'd been looking for that spectacular, blow-your-mind Cajun cuisine and hadn't found it yet and really all we wanted was something that wasn't thrown together from a Zatataran's box.  Coops was a little divey, but that's just what I was looking for. It's dark and run down and the service was a little on the grumpy and ignoring us side (I got the impression that it's a bar that wants to stay local but can't and I get that) but the food was good and the place had the feel I wanted. I had the jambalaya supreme and my husband had the Cajun chicken with jambalaya and cole slaw. Neither were all that spicy but it was good, solid food that filled our bellies and got us back in the door a second time during our trip. On the next round, i had the etoufee and my husband went for more chicken, but with red beans and rice this time. Same experience- cranky staff and great eats. I will say that both times, the service improved mid-way through our meal. I really think the staff is just tired of dealing with tourists who act like chumps because they're on vacation in New Orleans. So please... Don't be that guy and ruin it for the rest of us!I'm not a local, but I've spent numerous long weekends in NOLA. This is the best place I've eaten. The jambalaya is amazing!Be prepared to wait, it is a small bar with very few tables. We were lucky when we got there and there was not a wait, and got a table right away. It took about 20 minutes of us sitting before the waitress would come and even take our drink order, which is why I took off one star. After that, I was regretting my decision to eat here. The food got out very quickly and changed my mind. I got the taste plate, which was a little more pricy than what I was expecting, but you do get a good sampling of the food.     the gumbo was good, could have used a little more seasoning. The friend chicken was amazing! I was sad I only got one piece with the taste plate. The jambalya was also really delicious. If I go again I will probably just stick with the jambalya and the fried chicken. My mom was with me and got the shrimp po boy, it was HUGE and came with a ton of shrimp and fries. It was really good as well.     Overall it was a good experience and the food was really tasty with low prices.Chicken Tchoup was amazing. server was friendly, helpful and funny. All 8 of us enjoyed our meal and had a blast in the process.The BEST jambalaya I've had in NOLA. Granted, I'm only a tourist here, but my taste buds jumped for joy as soon as I tasted their jambalaya. My friend ordered the gumbo and thought it was only OK. I didn't care much for the service (they were pretty inattentive and took a while to sit), but it was didn't really need much service anyway. The menu was straight forward, wait time for food was very decent, plenty of tv to watch (or people to watch if you're into people watching), and other friendly tourists. I've been on a food journey for the week I was in NOLA and this place definitely made my food journey worthwhile.I got the taste plate. That's the way to go. The gumbo was so-so, but the fried chicken, rabbit and sausage jambalaya, shrimp creole and red beans and rice were all the best that I had while in NOLA. (Suggest you get it upgraded or whatever they call it.  They'll throw in shrimp and crawfish into the jambalaya.)it's goodCoops had the best food we ate our entire trip to NOLA. It looks like a little dive bar (and it is), but they have fantastic cajun/creole favorites. The red beans and rice, gumbo, jumbalaya, and fried chicken were all top-shelf. They also have a "No Buffett" rule for the jukebox. Nothing against Jimmy, but I think it tells you something about the place. A great place to grab a bite before or after checking out the scene on Frenchman St.A local hang out, its a dive bar that happens to make killer Jambalaya. No pretensions, no table cloths. This is not the place to bring people who are looking to eat at Antoine's, but if you are heading out for a night of serious quarter crawling and need a plate of good hot food that will leave enough cash in your pocket for a drink or two...or three  then this is your place.   They make their Jambalaya in the smokey brown style that you find down along Hwy 1 more often than not. Its  full of great smokey meats that give it a distinct flavor. If you are expecting the marinara sauce poured over rice that they call Jambalaya outside of NOLA  you'll be disappointed. The rest of the menu is equally delicious, Gumbo, fried chicken, nothing fancy just good food.This place is primarily a bar and that is their focus so the service  can be spotty but they'll make sure you have a nice cold Abita while your waiting.We ate here twice on a recent visit to New Orleans.  The food is fabulous, especially the tasso and crawfish fettuccini.  Will definately make a point to return on our next (hopefully soon) visit.  Reasonable prices and friendly staff.Had a great meal and a great time, and as far as I could tell so did everyone else that night. Thanks guys, I was the one pouring hot sauce into my beer.Just got back from NO last night and after eating all over the city the only meal the left a lasting impression was at Coop's.  Had a party of 6 and they were able to put us at the bar and we had a great time.   We all had something different and every person walked out saying it was a great meal!  My red beans & rice with sausage was enough to share, but I sure didn't want to!  The bartender and staff sure made an impression and were great to talk to.  They even entertainend the Kentucky girls with some tricks with a Marker's Mark bottle.  Next time I'm in New Orleans, this will be my first stop!The Etoufee was good but not great, as was the rest of the food my party ordered. I would go here again, but I wouldn't necessarily seek it out.For a while Coop's had the best fried chicken in the city. I'd definitely suggest the taste plate and add on the duck quesadillas.Food great as always.  Had the Shrimp Creole, plenty of shriimp.  Fried chicken out of this world.  Our waiter was busy, they don't have much time to chit-chat with people who want to be catered to but was quick and efficient.  Lines at dinner, lunch was wide open.  Yes, sometimes people seated after you get served before you, BOO HOO!  If you're in a hurry, stay home.  Very seriously doubt they discriminate against Asians, there were a few eating there and seemed delighted.  If you get your feelings hurt here, go on Dr. Phil.  If you aren't full when you leave, you just aren't trying!Food is good...  A bit above average...  The line can last well over an hour just to get into the little dive.    Roaches on the floor...  Lots and lots of roaches in the back near the bathroom and kitchen.... Yuk...  Basically,  decent food,horrible setting,  bad service.   I went for the food,  and it was good enough.. not at all worth the wait.Was in town for the NCAA Final Four for with a buddy and went here as a recommendation from a person we met in a bar elsewhere. Food was right on. Service was as others stated slow and uninspired. We had the seafood sampler (huge platter) and blackboard special "redfish meuniere" which was outstanding at less than $20.  Would go back next time in Nawlins.We had the best jambalaya we have ever eaten!  We had the fully loaded rabbit and sausage with crawfish, alligator sausage and shrimp (the supreme) and savoured every morsel!  The only downside was that there is no outdoor seating but it was worth the sacrifice!I went here with some locals on my first night in town. I think the only downside to this place is that it's so good, there's a line around the corner. We ordered the fried combo appetizer with oysters, shrimp and crawfish. If you're on a diet, forget about it and just embrace the deep fried goodness. I agree with the others -- whatever they batter their seafood with, it's really tasty. This is a huge appetizer, and yet somehow I managed to eat my share of that and still wolf down my shrimp salad with remoulade dressing. As far as ambiance, it's on the divey side (which I like). and we shared a table with strangers because it's on the cozy side.We stumbled across coop's place whilst on holiday from Australia. We had never really eaten Cajun food so did not have any expectations. The waitress recommended the taste plate and it was brilliant. Loved the food, atmosphere, friendly and prompt service. This place is great. Highly recommend and if we are ever back in New Orleans it WILL be our 1st stop......great late night place, but service was really really slow and unfriendlyA dive bar appearance which I wasn't ready for, but still not a bad place.  It has a typical FQ charm and service was fast considering the lunch rush.  We had the sampler platter and the smoked duck quesadillas.  Loved the quesadillas, but the sampler was average.  Flavor on both dishes was excellent, just the sampler was a little sloppy in its presentation.  Beer is bottles only, but no real issue there.  Recommend sitting at the bar if your a party of 1-3.  Tables are tight and look like they've just been shoved in around the bar...or maybe the bar was shoved in between the tables.  lol. you'll see what I mean when you get there. Decide for yourself. Cook staff was bringing the food out and the bartenders/waitresses will take car of the rest. A good mix of people were in there and the somebody loaded the jukebox with classic 80s so being a native jersey guy, I was starting to feel right at home before we left.gumbo is awesome.  can not get anything like it up north. wow.  i also had the creole fried chicken.  it was good but not as spicy as i was expecting.  i grew up in the south and know fried chicken so i really have to be bowled over to give it 5 stars.  my wife from NJ loved it though.  good meat and not super greasy like bad FC can be sometimes.  quickly served, casual and reasonably priced.  i'll be returning when i'm back in NOLA.bar tender was the rudest person i ever met.we waited 40 minutes for our fried chicken,with the place half full.chicken  was over cooked.doesnt compare to willie mays in new orleans,or dinahs in culver city.Strong 3.5 stars.  Slightly overpriced for some items.  We started with crab stuffed jalapeno poppers.  Very good, with a nice kick, however almost 9 bucks for 5 of these little goodies was, I thought, a little steep.  Hubby had the Taste plate.  I've heard a lot about their fried chicken and found it nothing special.  Maybe it was because the taste plate only gave you a small drumstick, but it was kinda dry and not really crispy and was slightly lacking in flavor.  The jambalaya was quite good though.  Hubby also liked the gumbo and found it very flavorful.  I had the cajun pasta which I thought was delicious.  Lots of succulent shrimp and crawfish.  And then there was the tasso, the smoked pork.  I thought it was soo good.  Tender meat with a lightly smoked flavor, perfectly seasoned.  A great place to have a quick bite to eat, though I heard usually there's a wait.  Fortunately we were in NOLA during the off season, so no waits anyways :)after a long night of drinking, we felt nothing would help us feel better until we thought of food. so we took a nice walk to coop's place and were glad to see there were tables available (if there are no open seats, they make you wait in line outside). the decor is very old school dive bar. which was fine for us who wanted strait forward food. i had fried chicken, rabbit and sausage jambalaya, coleslaw, and root beer in a cold glass mug. everything was delicious. i can't say how fast we ate, but it was probably like watching a pack of dogs grubbing down on a fatty steak. i might be biased in this review due to the state of the hangover we had, but the food was awesome comfort food that definitely did the job right.convenient location in the quarter. loved the green beans in carmelized bacon grease, the crab claws and the jambalaya!ew! rocking joint where pony sized cockroaches roam freely. the atmosphere is fun but the food is atrocious. i had the shrimp creole which was akin to flavorless mush with tin tomatos. my friends had a smorgasborg of bland fried mystery foods...they didn't feel to good later on. all in all the best part was waiting in the long line outside, meeting interesting strangers and anticipating a reknowned NOLA cuisine.