Some of the best burritos and quesadillas in SJ. Orange sauce is the BEST. I love the chicken super flour quesadilla with avocado and the veggie tacos. The new breakfast burritos are amazing also.Only problem is the wait sometimes is too long. They need to hire more people for the weekend shifts!B R U H.Seriously one of the best late night spots to go. If you're not in the burrito mood, then you should definitely go for their Carne Asada/Nacho Fries with their famous orange sauce. Can never go wrong with a regular or super burrito either. The area can be a little sketch, but don't let that stop you from going in, haha.My second visit here, and the sauce was memorable this time (The first time I had a chicken quesadilla, and I think I ate it too soon/too fast because I couldn't taste much since it was so hot). The sauce has a creamy, mayo-thousand island twist that gives just a slight kick. I gave the "carne-asada fries," a try since life in San Diego has turned me into a carne-asada fries regular. I guess La Vics and Iguanas takes a different approach to their fries, and makes them more like nachos, by smothering them with nacho cheese sauce. There is also less shredded cheese, and less guacamole. To be honest, these fries do not stand a chance against Lolitas or Vallartas of San Diego. The fries are only crispy for a few seconds, the carne asada was just alright, and by the end--whatever was left, was soggy/drenched in nacho sauce. Good thing they have the sauce here, because the fries wouldn't stand a chance on their own. Then again, I have yet to try their carne-asada burrito... which I'm sure is great for the late-night student. But if I'm in the area, I'd personally go to Iguanas for their burrito.I come here often, for years! I will never come again ever since they started getting more people they have the worst customer service! Today "Martha" supposedly her name was super rude and some other lady that had a lot of make up on were just the worst!!! Don't come in thinking you will enjoy the customer service they don't believe in that. They're super stingy on their sauces that they have to stop working to go to your table and take it away! Calm down it's just salsa which is not like before it's totally watered down!!! I will never come back! I highly recommend iguanas super nice people and the salsa is 50 times better than la vics! I hope you start hiring people who know how to work la Vic's you're losing a lot of clients and if your employees have to lie about their names you know that this issue happens on a daily basis! Stop hiring idiots!!!!The food is fresh and made to order, tortillas are fresh made, meat was moist and tasty. Definitely will be back!!Super nachos are delicious, i ask for rice to be added. Its a small amount more but so worth it. Cannot finish my self. Mix with a fork and go to work. Also grilled chicken was really good.It's alright but seriously not it's all hyped up to be. Way overrated, tbh. I do like how they stay open late, though.Best burritos ever. Love their orange sauce. That's the only reason I visit this place. The cashiers are sometimes not very friendly - but I could care less given it's not a fine dining experience anyways.Yummy burritos and other Mexican food  Very casual and unassuming atmosphere as most of the best are.  Great hot sauce!  We usually buy it and take it with us.I honestly have lost track at how many times I've been here. I have been a regular at this location for quite some time. Location: it is at a very convenient location if you live around SJSU. Parking can be troublesome and depending on what time you go, can be near impossible. Also, the area can be "dangerous" at late hours of the night (after midnight) and there are usually homeless people asking for money.Customer service: I truly believe they have improved their customer service over the year. A lot of the ladies working used to give a lot of attitude, but hardly at all now. They're always making sure the tables are clean and there's almost always someone cleaning, depending on how busy it is.Food Quality: this place is known for the Orange Sauce. And sometimes it is very good, and sometimes it tastes like it's very old! It's hit or miss. The burritos, tacos and quesadillas are very good. Combine it with the sauce and you have yourself a pretty epic meal. Chips and salsa can be a lot better though; chips taste stale on occasion. Overall, this is a great place to eat and has been very consistent in delivering good food over the past couple years.I recommend getting a super steak California burrito!I came for breakfast with my nephew and it was so delicious... i had a breakfast quesadilla that would have fed an army!  We also ordered some horchata which was very refreshing and delicious.La Vic's is an average taqueria at best. I give this place three stars only because it satisfied my burrito cravings during the years I spent at SJSU. It's conveniently located next to the university and next to other food options in case you can't make up your mind. While La Vic's is open late, I suggest going only during the day time or with a group of people if your late night cravings get the best of you. Downtown SJ is sketch at night with bums and thugs walking around so do be careful.The burritos are good but the carne asada fries suck terribly. The fries are drenched with some kinda cheese sauce that makes the fries become soggy with the quickness. Pouring gallons of orange sauce won't do you any good either. While we're on the topic of orange sauce, I must admit the orange sauce isn't what it used to be compared to how it was during my early years at SJSU. If you're looking for a taqueria with excellent food and a GREEN SAUCE that is way better than orange sauce, I highly suggest going to Santa Fe Taqueria on White Rd in SJ. It's definitely worth a try.Yummy and spicy orange sauce, but it tastes better with quesadillas than burritos.  The steak burrito I ordered was nothing special.  It had a lot of rice in it, more than I'd like.  The steak was nothing fancy.  It was a pretty big burrito with basic ingredients.  Pretty pricey for it.  Customer service ok.  Hard to find parking.  You need to pay for it.  They have upstairs seating.  A lot of people come here at night after partying.Great food for those late nights. Their super flour quesadillas are to die for, hands down one of the best places to get quesadillas in this area.Also, check out their nachoe cheese fries - you'll feel like shit after it but you'll enjoy it. It like a nice shitty feeling, not a shitty shitty feeling. Do yourself a favor and skip the burritos (honestly not that good) unless you plan to douse it with orange sauce. Whenever you've got midnight munchies, do yourself a favor, skip McD's, Jack in the Box, w/e and head over to La Vics.Everyone has that one awesome cheap restaurant from college-- you know, the one that was only a block away, and you stumbled to at 3am between "studying" sessions to bury the guilt in your stomach with greasy food and more guilt. When you try to show that place to your friends and family, they don't really get it, but you insist on dragging them back here every time you're back in town.Well, for my boyfriend, this is the place, and I've now been here on a few separate occasions to quench the debauchery in our guts before ditching town. We split a super burrito, wet, with carne asada, which is pretty much my standard order at any Mexican restaurant. Price-wise, and portion-wise, they are comparable to any other taqueria.We ordered the guacamole on the side, because I love it and he hates it, and they almost forgot it, and then served it in a tiny plastic cup. I didn't complain, but I did think to myself that this was probably not equal to the portion of guacamole they would have put inside of the burrito. Still, it was alright, and it was enough for my half.What makes the burrito here, um, different from anywhere else, is that the whole thing is either deep fried or pan fried in butter, then topped with red sauce, then entirely encased in mozzarella cheese, and nuked. So realistically, we're talking Mexican/American/Italian drunk food. Maybe it is the microwaving, but the red sauce turns to an absolute pile of red grease on the plate. You can literally see more grease bubbles than red sauce. The ingredients inside were okay. The carne asada was good, and everything else is standard cheap-taqueria status, but certainly not authentic by any means. I would have actually preferred to find a better taqueria, but this did the trick and suited my needs for the hungover morning in question. As evidenced by the profile picture for La Vic's (as the locals call it, apparently), they are known for their super-fantastic amazing orange sauce. Not only did I not care for the orange sauce, but I thought it tasted like a knock-off of the orange sauce from a major fast food chain whose name may or may not translate to "the crazy chicken."The horchata was pretty good. There was enough sediment for me to suspect that it was instant, but then I also noticed that there was about twice as much cinnamon this time as there was last time, so maybe they spice up an instant packet, or maybe it's home-made and not stirred well enough, but still, it's worth trying.In summary, if I were a brand new 17-year-old college student who had just tried Hypnotiq for the first time, I'd totally be like, "Ermagherd, La Vic's is so amazing! You have to try it! Let's go RIGHT NOW!" As an adult who would get sick after eating an entire candy bar, I would prefer food with a grease content of less than eighty percent."I'll have an order of orange sauce with a burrito on the side. Thanks."Cheap, open late, good burrito. Greasy much?(carnitas) but the meat is good plus sauce, I get over the grease. Personally I feel like the sauce tastes like it has the seasoning from Ranch Doritos in there, which I love. Anyways, this review will get lost in the 2000+ reviews, so just know that its worth a try.I came here as part of my search for the best quesadilla. The quesadillas are excellent. The guacamole is fresh and seasoned. I have never had carne asada fries, but they were fantastic. The orange sauce is exactly like previous reviews say, excellent.La Victoria Taqueria (or La Vic's for short) is one of the best places to get a good burrito and sauce to put on it. The service is amazing during the summer, due to the fact that school is not in session, so there are less students at the nearby university to crowd the tight inside.One thing that I would comment on negatively is the size. It is too small to have big groups go in and eat together, and the fact that they have an upstair section that is normally closed off to the public, makes it very frustrating when trying to find a place to sit down.Other than that, this place is an amazing place to sit down and have a chat with a small group of friends, or just eat a burrito by yourself!This place is better than it looks. I've mostly been to the one in Southern San Jose, off highway 85, but once my friends and I decided to go to the Tech Museum so this one was much closer for us.It's classic Mexican food - spicy, flavourful and leaves you with a feeling of satisfaction that you just devoured a truly magnificent taco, burrito, or whatever else suits your fancy. The biggest drawbacks here:- Long queues, we waited about 15 minutes just to place our order- Lack of parking. I have a DGAF attitude, so I parked in the McDonalds down the street Would come again if I was going to DT San Jose and in the mood for Mexican.2 words.......Orange sauce!!!!!! hahahaLove the super flour!Yummmy and spicy but order delay not on time.Dear 408ers,Lay off the crack.This place is overrated.Yes, the orange sauce is good. But I'm sure I can make it at home. My burrito was decent, but nothing extraordinary.Get to the register with 3 other people. She just put up a sign that says "CASH ONLY!"Shit. We ordered $22 worth of food and only had $9 cash.Leave.Seriously, fast forward 30 minutes & I'm back with cash. Staff kept every interaction short. I reorder the food after standing in line again. It takes 30 minutes for our order.It was busy, but it's Mexican food.Hypehypehype.I've been here so many times and only had the super burrito with green sauce. Super good! But I never eat at the place. I always order to go. It's to small and crowded all the time.BEST QUESADILLAS I'VE EVER HAD. Was not much of a Mexican food fan until I tried their quesadillasIt does get quite packed during late nights and would be nice if they had more seating areas.. but La Vics is the best!!!! The orange sauce is great too!!I really love their orange sauce over their awesome quesadillas!Finally!La Vic used to be my go-to drunk food spot in SJ, so it feels good to finally be able to give them a good review. This review is for my last two visits - the first one was late night after drinking, and the second one was at lunchtimeSuper Nachos w/ Carne Asada - 4 stars- The nachos at La Vic had disappointed me a few times, but when my dumb*ss craves nachos, I'm not gonna remember or care about all that. These last two times though, they've stepped it upyelp.com/biz_photos/la-v…yelp.com/biz_photos/la-v…Super Flour Quesadilla w/ Shredded Chicken - 4 stars- This has always been my favorite thing on the menu, and when you get it, make sure you load up on napkins, because it's gonna get messy. Realistically though, the amount of cheese or the proportion of cheese to other ingredients doesn't really qualify this as a quesadilla. It's more like a big grilled soft tacoyelp.com/biz_photos/la-v…yelp.com/biz_photos/la-v…yelp.com/biz_photos/la-v…Orange Sauce - 3 1/2 stars- I like it, but that garlic taste stays w/ me for way too long after having this sauce...and I think they changed the recipe up a little because now the sauce is a lot more watery than it used to beMisc.- Service is usually decent- There's no parking lot, so you'll have to find metered parking or park at McDonald's and try to finish your food before the tow truck gets thereLOVED IT! Whatever it is they put inside that orange sauce I don't know but it is amazing and as another reviewer put it.. a little cup of heaven! We did take out.. brought the burritos back to the office.. Was a little disappointed that they had gotten one of the burritos wrong (it was chicken instead of beef) and the fact that neither burritos had any type of veggies in them.. ie: no cilantro, no guacamole.. nothing to give it a healthy kick. But the orange sauce made up for it!. The price was worth it.. if it hadn't been for the orange sauce I would not have been able to finish it so price wise.. it's a deal!Best sauce everI am a fan :)Ordered their Veggie Quesadilla. Holy crap, that thing is HUGE!I swear it could feed two of me, lol.They have a good process going as far as placing the orders, & picking up the orders. Very organized & the workers seemed to know what they were doing. No matter how busy they were, they would still find time to bus tables & clean. This place is always busy from the looks of it.The 'Orange Sauce' they have is spicy but good :) You can buy a whole bottle for a little less than $7. That's hella fo sauce but whatever floats your boat.When we got here, they didn't have the upstairs open so it was limited seating downstairs. First come, first served.Will I be back? Yes, hopefully I'll be more hungry next time :)So many locals rave about this place, especially the "legendary" La Vic sauce. I don't get it. It's ok, nothing special...Not really that impressed with the place. The Orange sauce is good but not that spectacular. Food in general is good but nothing that i would consider really memorable or noteworthy.The carne asada fries and burritos here are bomb especially with their orange sauce. It's fulling and cheap, which is a total score when it comes to food and a hungry stomach. The only downside here is that it's in downtown and parking it a butt. (and that you have to pay to park on the side or walk really far.) It does take awhile to get your food, but it's not too bad.I'm told that La Vic's is the tool with which the masses of SJSU are fed, like cows to the pastures.  The extremely long line leading into the dead of midnight proved my assumptions, this place is a factory whose prime location is perfect for ushering sloppy burritos into drunk hungry denizens.As any testament of a proper burrito joint, I ordered their carne asada.The alcohol makes it taste better, and I'm absolutely fine with that.What more can I say about La Vic's excel that they're popping up all over the place now with two other locations that are nearby. Their orange sauce is addicting and what keeps people coming back for more. (Side note: You can purchase their vegan orange sauce for $6 plus tax.La Vic's is definitely a San Jose institution and is popular with the SJSU students due to its proximity to the campus.The last time I was here, I ordered the carne asada quesadilla. They have different tortilla options which include wheat, spinach, and tomato. I opted for the spinach one. The portions are good and you're always left feeling so full afterwards. There is limited dressing on the first floor but don't worry, there is more seating upstairs. Stay downstairs though until your number called though.I love LaVic been going here since I was a Freshman in High School. The orange sauce is great and goes well with a pepperoni hot pocket :)The super tacos are my fav as well as the Nacho Fries!My go-to place when everything else is closed, especially after coming back from the bars. All other times I go to better tasting, less crowded restaurants. Things to get: their veggie burritos and quesadillas are pretty decent, and there's less of a chance that you'll get sick. You can also substitute spinach or tomato tortillas for the flour. Don't get: anything with carne asada (it's not good here) or the nachos (worst nachos I've ever tasted)If you're the type of person to be wowed by a sauce, then this is the perfect place for you. But overall, the quality of food is inconsistent (more often bad than not) and I wouldn't recommend it to any of my friends.I have always know La Victoria Taqueria to be one of the best. I have had some of the best breakfast burritos there.Unfortunately yesterday I was beyond disappointed and bummed out because immediately as my family and I were walking through the door my husband says, "hey were not eating here!" He looks down to show me the biggest cockroach I have ever seen walking beside us. We immediately walked out and I was so grossed out. I wanted a burrito so bad! But there was no way we were risking it. Good luck if you go there, pay attention to the ground if possible u may see what we did!!I climb up the stairs to La Vic's and open the door. I wave of grease hits my face as I enter, and I debate with myself whether or not I want this for lunch. I picture the succulent carne asada quesadilla and my mouth literally starts watering so I go against my better judgement (health-wise), and order it. I receive my order number, and my food is ready within 10 minutes. My quesadilla is delicious, especially when complemented with the signature orange sauce. 5 stars for the taste.Minus one star for the environment and service. The place doesn't look clean, and the employees are not exactly the "nice and helpful" kind. My friend ordered their nacho fries (which are delicious, might I add), but the wait took almost 20 minutes. When asked why the wait took so long after 10 minutes, the employee behind the counter said it was coming up but did not even bother checking on the order. We had to wait another 10 minutes for the fries to come out.nick the greek will give this establishment some fine competition.nick the greek will give this establishment some fine competition.One of my favorite Mexican places in the area! The good food and the quick service helps a lot too. This is an SJSU staple! If you go there or are visiting a student, you have to check out La Vic's!! Pretty much everything on the menu is good ( save the chicken, but I just don't like shredded chicken) they have now started serving grilled but I haven't gotten around to it yet. Just don't forget to get the orange sauce when you go!I have phases where I go will regularly go to iguanas or to La Vic's! I love the grilled chicken at iguanas! The both have an orange sauce, iguanas is thicker smokier and on the creamer side. While LA Vic's sauce is the original and tangier.  But La Vic's has recently stepped its game up! I love the al pastor here now! And I guess they also added grilled chicken to their menus now. That was the main reason I used to go to iguanas for. If you are eating in, go for the al pastor Quesadilla. You don't want to get these to go because they roll it up and its more like a very cheese burrito. And it won't be as crunchy! Fresh and crunchy: its like heaven! If you want togo you can't go wrong with pretty much anything else on the menu! From the liberally filled tacos to the huge and cheesy nacho fries! I personally have not tried the enchalladas yet, but I'm sure I'll be getting around to it soon enough. Orange sauce on everything!out of sheer curiosity last week, i tried la vics competitor- wont name any names (the lizard place) ..after trying their burritos, which tasted like the bottom of a dirty skillet, i am happy to go back to la vics. i come here almost once a week..some days the burritos and sauce are better than others, but even on its worst day, la vic's STILL beats any other taqueria :)I've never been disappointed with La Vics! They have the absolute BEST quesadillas!! I always get the Super Flour Quesadilla with chicken sour cream, avocado, salsa, MMMMM. And then I also recently had their breakfast burrito. If you get there from 7a-11a, the bfast burritos are only $3.25. After that i think it's like $5 something? But Omg it was fabulous!! Both those drizzled with orange sauce!! TO DIE FOR----I used to come here all the time for lunch when I was an SJSU student. The line can be long, but the food is so worth the wait. Always ask for extra orange sauce. If you don't put it all on your burrito or tacos or whatever delicious food item you order, take that home and put it on your eggs the next morning. It's life-changing. The food here is pretty inexpensive for the portion sizes you get. I got sick one time over the course of 4 years and it was the only time I ordered chips and salsa. Going off of my experiences and my friend's experiences, that is a rare occurance for this place.Love the one downtown by SJSU. The Super Taco con Al Pastor sin frijoles is my favorite. The Super Quesadilla con Pollo is my nesxt favorite.Also ate at the one in Almaden but it did not have the same vibe and taste. Not bad, but just something was different about it.First, location/building. It's conveniently located across from sjsu. However, there's only street parking. The taqueria is two floors high and has a really clean bathroom ( which is a plus in my books). The place was casual, noisy, but not overwhelmingly loud filled with mostly college students. The lines go fast and seriously, everyone's buzzing about the Orange sauce. Second, the food. Honestly, order anything and you will probably be content since everyone just comes here for the Orange sauce. I felt like the food tasted good, but it wasn't amazing (I'm talking a standalone burrito without the Orange sauce). However the sauce definitely spiced things up. Third, the drinks. I really liked the horchata. I don't recommend the strawberry drink though, I felt like I was drinking pure sugar..Tldr: Orange sauce, good. Just the food, meh. Drink horchata.VEGETARIAN REVIEW; I decided to go with the veggie quesadilla, it was pretty huge but a bit deceiving as the filling was mainly just in the center. Other than that the food was pretty good, a little bit bland even with their "orange sauce", I like food with a lot of flavor. I love that they have veggie options for everything. It's things like that that have me going back to restaurants plus they're right down the street from SJSU so super convenient. Unfortunately just went vegan a few months ago so will no longer be going here anymore ):Sauce is super good. Good customer service. Lines can be very long. Burrito are ok. Had better.I had been anticipating trying this place for like a month now! I finally got to try the orange sauce and it was delicioussss! Omg. Not what I was expecting. I had the breaded steak super burrito with tons of that orange sauce. The sauce has a bit of heat to it and has a garlic aftertaste but it totally works. The burrito itself was a typical burrito, nothing extraordinary. The quesadillas looked really good though. I want to order that next time. They need to open one near Sacramento!! :)I'll keep it short and simple... La Vics is better than Iguanas, but has some shortcomings.- Orange sauce is the bomb diggity- Long lines all day are no fun- Burritos and tacos are decent- Prices are just right- Place is kinda dingy and unclean feelingOverall... 3/5. I'd visit again for a to-go order if I was in the area, but i definitely wouldn't go out of my way to get some.Ordered a Super burrito with a friend. Burrito was good. Place is really cool inside with these huge mirrors. They have a great menu. Tried the sauce there. Burned my butt and was spicy for me made me sweat like the weak Mexican fail that I am. Will come back to try the other stuff.My coworkers and I get breakfast burritos from La Victoria from time to time, this morning  was one of these times. I always look forward to the delightful taste of egg, potato, beans and the wonderful orange spicy sauce...however, this morning's events have since destroyed all hope for me ever enjoying a breakfast burrito from la Victoria the same way again.  This morning, I found a hair AND A FLY in my burrito. :(I'm beyond grossed out- a hair I can deal with, but a bug with wings, no thank you. The food is typically excellent, but I'm hesitant to go back now.Big fan of this place. Its not the burritos that are good. If you want a good burrito, this is not the place. this place is good for  he orange sauce and the super carne asada quasadilla! GET THAT SHIT!La Vic is as good as it gets. I love that they have an option to get whole beans instead of refried. Their orange sauce is amazing and you can get it to go to keep in your fridge at home. There is always a wait, but they work hard to get the food out there fast. I eat here once a week, sometimes more!Ordered carne asada fries. Received wet noodles swimming in a watery cheese sauce. Maybe I would've appreciated it more had I been intoxicated like many of the other customers appeared to be at 1am on that Friday night. Oh well.Stingy w their orange sauce when I order take out. They seriously give me 2-3 for a bag I take out which may or may not contain 1-2 other orders in there. Are you kidding me?? I drown my food with that in order to be able to scarf down anything here. Officially annoyed.La Vic's is La Vic's. Never disappoints!This location has that late-night, super divey feel in the form of the downstairs of someone's house. Always packed, but service is quick. Can't go wrong with the chicken super burritos -- with lots of orange sauce, of course.depends of location, downtown is just plane dirty i would not eat there. almaden is nice clean and alot of tables, food is okay salsa is a must.ORANGE SAUCE.BREAKFAST BURRITOS (best during breakfast time aka formerly up to 11am).that's it. the orange sauce is their selling point - and you can put it on anything. and yes, you can buy a tube. but i think it's lard based so might not be good for more than 6 days even if you refrigerate it.The home of the famous orange sauce! A friend and I walked into La Vics looking for some grub to fill us up. We were not disappointed! We ordered two carne asada super burritos and took our meal upstairs. It wasn't packed at around 11:00 am and we got our food in roughly 10 minutes. Mellow environment to eat upstairs when it's not packed!The burritos were great and hit the spot--flour tortillas, rice, beans, sour cream, salsa, onions, and carne asada. It was well worth the $6.25 and we ended up in quite a food coma!Probably the best quesadilla i've ever had in my entire life. If you are coming here for the first time, you need to make sure to get the orange sauce, it goes amazing on anything. It'll be so good that you may even want to buy the sauce itself for your own personal use.5 stars for the "Famous Orange Sauce" The burrito was just MEHSolid late night pick up. That orange sauce does me in every time. Super low prices (50 cents for chips and salsa!) and there is no compromising for us vegetarians with their burritos.  Happy to come back again and again.Perfect college or late night after clubbing spot. Their orange sauce is to die for!$2.59 gets ya a bomb carnitas taco that is enough to fill a belly, unless of course, you are a friggin slob.Ya feel me??Came here the other night with some friends trying to sober up at like 2 in the morning lolThe whole time I thought I was at iguanas, which is literally like 3 doors down lmaoI ordered the carne asada burrito, only took about 10 minutes I think, and there was alot of people in line, the burrito was really good, tasted like iguanas lolThey got the upper hand on that sauce though, it's stoooooopid good! LolThe burrito was like 6 bucks I believe, not to bad, definitely a good choice (:*chips are 50 cents, nice add on*I think my husband love this place more than love me. what else can I say. I am a noodle soup person, but every time we go out, my husband's first choice will be this place. the orange spicy sauce are our favorite. I am not a big mexican food fan, to my taste, this place is better than most of the places we have been to.Went here with some friends who had been there before. The Orange sauce was a must-have. When I walk by this place, they always seem pretty busy, so I feel the general consensus is that this place is pretty good - and I have to agree. They seem to be open pretty late, too, so it's good for the city drunk crowd or those coming from San Pedro Square bars for a late night snack.I would be giving this place a 3.5 but I rounded up because I always end up here at  the end of a drunkish night.La Vics was all the hype when I went back in my first clubbing excursion days but now I feel their grade of food is less than before. But first:Venue: this guy is tucked away in a renovated two story Victorian house. The first floor is where you order along with tables and a decent countertop to eat at. The second floor is all seating but only open when it's busy in the daytime.Currency: Cash and CardEntrees: I've been going here for so long I'm sure I tried everything besides the burritos (those just don't appeal to me anymore). This time I ordered 3 super tacos ( 1 Al Pastor, 1 Carnitas, and 1 Lengua).The Al Pastor was very oily and salty which takes away from what authentic Al Pastor tastes like, I could only eat half of the rack due to it's flavorThe Carnitas taco had decent seasoning but I wish the carnitas were a bit crispier to bring out the flavor because without the salsa, sour cream, and cheese than this dish would be blandThe Lengua taco was the only thing that saved this review. The Lengua was so tender and juicy just like how it should be, the seasoning was just right and being a super taco, it made it that more super Why 4 stars? Because the Epic Orange Sauce that I pretty much doused my food in gave all that missing flavor back, I swear this orange sauce is heaven, it's not only completely vegan but it's a sauce that you can put in ANYTHING!If you choose to come here this is what I would recommend:-Lengua Tacos-Milanesa Tortaorange sauce is the best there is.  besides that everything is above average.  i would rather have a bomb burrito then sauce so thats why its 4/5 only.  orange sauce is 5/5 and burrito is 4/5.  price and wait time is above average due to popularityWho hasn't been here just absolutely plastered?  Even though the lines are long, the client is without a doubt ghetto, this place is awesome.  I always keep a bottle of Orange Sauce in the fridge and I put it on everything.  Also the frachos (french fry nachos) are a fat kids' wet dream.Come for the orange sauce! The food is good, but very average. The orange sauce is delicious and makes it all better. You can buy it by the bottle and bring it home to put on everything.Extremely appalled. If only there was a no star button. Worst customer service of my life. To the point that I feel compelled to write this review.No apology. No replacement. No refund. Very bad customer service and super rude attitude even when I was being polite. I ordered a super quesadilla with no guacamole or sour cream, but since the lady was In a hurry and I guess she decided to use selective hearing, she did not take my order accurately.First, the cashier charged it as a burrito but she was able to fix it up. I should have known that if they messed up once, I probably should have taken this as a sign and reiterated myself a couple of time. Obviously, I know what I ordered so when I went to claim my order, I asked to make sure that the order did not have guacamole or salsa. Sure enough, they added salsa and I calmly explained the situation and politely asked if it could be fixed. The lady behind the counter then goes on to giving me bad attitude and rudely reasoned out that it was "already made" and that there was no way for it to be replaced since it was already made. Ha. If they aren't able to replace it, at least make an apology. I was about to leave but then a friend suggested to try to get a refund. I tried to get a refund from the cashier but all the employees were giving me an attitude. The new  cashier was young and sassy and rudely proceeded to backing up her coworker by telling me that she heard me order only no guacamole and no mention of salsa even if during the time that my order was being taken, she was preoccupied packing sauces and dealing with other customers. I'm not sure if its because everyone was having a bad day or they have difficulties maintaining professionalism in the food industry thereby making the employees too stubborn to admit their mistakes. Who knows, maybe it's because I am not of Spanish descent that they felt compelled to treat me so rudely and regard me as less than a values customer. Whatever the reason, It's one thing to not have the order remade or refunded. And it's just salsa so its not a big deal. The point of this review is that it was really rude and extremely appalling that even if the customer's order was messed up by the employees, the employees tried to turn their mistakes back onto the customer and offered rude service and bad attitude instead of an apology.The concept that "The customer Is always right" is a pretty universally thing and the fact that they chose to be rude, sassy and have bad attitude instead of treating the customer with respect goes to show how much this establishment should change how their employees handle situations and maybe even retrain their employees on how to treat people.Great late night food. Came in about 9 after work; a table opened up so one in my party quickly swiped it. I feel like most people end up getting to go so the place has a high turnover rate. I ordered 4 tacos - 2 chicken and 2 steak. Unless you are a really big eater, order two, but even though I couldn't finish, I'm happy that I have lunch for today. The food came out in like 5 minutes. The tacos are artfully double corn tortilla and paper wrapped for easy eating. The steak one was garnished with salsa and was delicious, albeit lukewarm. The chicken was not as good - it's like pulled chicken breast, kind of plain. I think grilled chicken would've been better. The sauce is pretty bomb, I don't know if it's as addictive as many people paint it to be but it was delicious nonetheless. The steak was so good it almost didn't need it. The chicken definitely needed a big hit of it to up the excitement level. Overall a great place for a fast, filling meal. Cheap too - and surprisingly not dirty. But stick to 2 tacos, and skip the chicken. I'll be back to try lengua/pastor :)I had mainly heard raves about their sauce, so when I went there I was execting a lot out of it. The sauce that they offer was pretty good, which I put on a mediocre burrito, but overall it was a bit heavy compared to other taquerias. It was pretty cheap though, so not many complaints about the experience. Recommended as a one-time experience, but not good enough to become a staple.Now you choose from a variety of tortilla- wheat, spinach, flour, corn. They have recently introduced an option to toast your tortilla for the burrito and it tastes awesome! Crunchy, crispy, warm tortilla blends well with the fillings inside and it just melts in your mouth. Orange sauce is still the best, tastes great with everything. Service is fast, portions are large, prices are affordable. Ideal for satisfying on your late night hunger pangs.My review is pretty biased because I was raised Mexican and I know what real Mexican food should taste like. I totally understand that some people don't go their based on authenticity--that's their deal.I ordered chicken tacos. I like that it's on a bigger tortilla, as opposed to the tiny little ones. The taco itself is well-decorated with plenty of toppings to satisfy your little heart. However, the chicken was NOT good at all. It lacked flavor and it was awkwardly wet.The orange sauce... eh. Just eh.Their burritos are all right. You could probably get the same thing at Super Taqueria faster and cheaper. La Vics is usually packed because of all the college students.The lines get pretty long during lunch hours but other than that, the wait is 3-5 minutes at most. The orders are taken quickly and food is promptly served within another 5-10 minutes. I always get their Super Taco because it's pretty filling with your choice of meat, pico de gallo, guacamole, sour cream, and beans. I'm from LA so I don't know - but are beans a staple in tacos in SJ? They seem to be in every taco I've tried!And of course the delicious orange sauce. It's mild in spiciness but gives a big punch in creaminess and flavor. I find myself returning here a couple times a month. A must try.I always loved eating La Vics and the orange sauce is so good! However, after eating a carne asada super burrito last Sunday, I had food poisoning. At first I thought it was just a minor stomach ache, but it became really painful. After constant bathroom trips, I went to the hospital. A friend also told me that he had a stomach ache after eating there too. After this experience, I have to say I am not going to eat there anymore.Pros - clean and the cashier was nice.Cons - the most bland food I've had in a long timeI never thought I'd write a bad review about a popular downtown taqueria, but if it wasn't for the orange sauce and even the green salsa, the food would be super bland. All we wanted was a good breakfast burrito. Not too many places are open at 7:30 am and I know this place gets packed with the nightlife crowd, so I figured it was an easy choice. The breakfast burrito with chorizo and eggs was more egg than chorizo and had zero flavor. I ordered the Chile relleno burrito. I ate it but had to drench it with the orange sauce. Both the beans and rice were below par. Ingredients and flavor matter especially in this type of food. Last time eating here unless I'm desperate at 2:00 am.From what I can tell, the orange sauce is the main reason people go to "La Vic". Their food tends to not be good enough on its own and doesn't stand up to other places. They have some great locations though; if you're ever drinking in down town San Jose, it's likely there is a La Victoria nearby.The food, especially quesadillas, are a bit greasy and in general it doesn't have a lot of flavor. Fortunately you can buy the sauce in a squeeze bottle to go.I'll keep it short and simple, burrito was garbage. I ended up dumping it's dry, tasteless contents in the garbage and made a quesadilla with the tortilla. Everyone hypes the orange sauce, most likely because it will hide its lack of substance.Our go-to place when me and my girl friends go downtown. Always packed with college crowds which is nice if your trying to look for eye candy. Then again all of them are hungry so hooking up is not a priority...or is it?I go for the soft tacos, a variety of carne asada and lengua. I want to have more but my poor body is weak ...if I engorge more i might end up with a food coma. The steak fries are awesome esp with that infamous sauce of orange goodness.  Actually everything is good with that sauce so try it!3 stars for me since I would really appreciate a bigger space(more elbow room) and more variety...soonHonestly you gotta be drunk or be ok with sub par Mexican food. The need for the orange sauce (which is not bad) to mask the actual foods flavor is a testament to how bad the food is.It is what it is, not hating, a college kid spot to enter food in your belly in a fast and semi cheap way.It's Americanized Mexican food, the meat in the tacos was good that's the only reason this place gets 2 stars, the tortillas are fresh out of the Microwave which makes them steamy and they end up falling apart. The hot sauce was ok but the gal taking orders couldn't take a simple order of 5 asada tacos and 1 pastor taco she actually made it 5 pastor and 1 asada. It'll soak alcohol though.La Vic's is one of those old local / school days taquerias in a small house in downtown San Jose which has been around for yeeeeears.  They're open late (3AM I think) and they have tacos, quesadillas, burritos, tortas and a little bit of other Mex goodness on their menu. This place is NOT the best Mex in town.  It's cheap and easy and just OK if you've gotten back from a drunk night on the town or just want to grub late at night when hardly anything else is open. One thing which does set them apart though is their orange sauce. My other favorite Mex restaurant in Sunnyvale does a better version of this sauce, but I could swear La Vic's been notorious for this sauce way before anyone else in the area.I remember coming here just for the orange sauce back in college... 7 years later and I'm still doing the same thing :) Their burritos are average, but the sauce is pretty much what makes it worth the long wait at 2am. I usually get the carne asada burrito :) YUM! The employees are usually really friendly, even when they are swamped. It's a chill environment and has become the place we go to after going out :) I've also tried their nacho fries thing... It is reminiscent of carne asada fries from socal. (Not the same, but similar.)I always get a Quesadilla with Steak, everything on it. Can't go wrong.Standard, good taqueria in a college setting -- in fact, the place is overrun with college kids. Really not much of a sit down place -- it's the kind of seating where you inhale your food as you rush out the door to catch your movie around the corner.The quesadillas and orange sauce are out of this world!Great place to grab a quick bite before Cinequest or another movie in downtown San Jose.The food at La Vic's is on point, and dat orange sauce!Most of the items  on the menu a pretty good I especially like the carne asada fries and the burritos. The food comes out pretty fast and you can ask for all the special sauce you need. This place stays open real late which is convenient if you just left the club of if you have the late night munchies. Only thing to keep in mind is that it gets a little ratchet after 11pm but they got security so its all good. This is a must go if you're in downtown San JoseUsed to come here for the famous orange sauce, now even that's not enough.Food that was originally mediocre is now just too, too salty.The quesadillas are unique because it's crispy.I love the tacos and the al pastor quesadilla. It is so good ;)  They always cook my food   the way i want it. CRISPY!!!  BUT The salsa  puts the cheery on top! The fresh waters are also delicious as well, the horchata and fresh strawberry are my fav. I think the best part of it all is that they are open really late, so when you are out and your hungry and its super late you can stop by and get some LA VIC'S, specially after going out.The food is ok, I think their strongest trait is the fact that they have great sauce and they give large portions. Price is expensive for the quality. I have had way better that isn't as high price but its OK. I can't complain much :)I am torn because I have a lot of people who absolutely LOVE this place, but I would beg to differ. I however, am a complete Mexi food SNOB. La Vic is a fast food joint that will pile anything you want into a flour tortilla and slap some sauce on it.(Any color you prefer) I give it a one star because its open late, for the cranky Boozers who are dying to stuff their face after a good night of libations. zersThis is a hugely-popular Mexican diner. There are very few seats in the restaurant, so you might not have a place to sit. The food here is average to good, but the lines can be very long. It usually takes them a long time to prepare your food.The best thing about this diner is that it is open late. Other than that, there's nothing really special about it.Drunk time or regular time, doesn't matter.  LaVic's ALWAYS hoppin and hits the spot.Orange sauce, that's all you need to know about this place.  I've gotten the carne asada fries, bfast burrito (chorizo) and regular burritos here.  I thought the bfast burrito was a good portion for the price.  Open late which is great too for after the bars let out.Huuuge line from 12-3 am fyi been here with friends who could not walk let alone eat food. The bouncer/security is pretty cool if you start small talk. Food is actually worth the wait line moves pretty fast as they busy their chops during this time the ambience in and around the place is pretty chill would not recommend a lady going in there alone tho it's still like a club environment at this timeDrunk food. At 1:30 this place is flooded with drunk people wanting greasy salty food. The super nachos are good, but not as good as Iguanas nachos at Iguanas. The orange and green sauces are somewhat famous and you can buy them for 6 dollars a bottle.To be serious, this place is actually good mexican food, I don't know what else to say about it because nothing about it aside from the orange sauce really stands out for me.Ghetto but delicious.  There's no denying it.Orange sauce and super quesadilla go hard in the paint!  Wear a bulletproof vest if you come here after drinking.Really though, best value.  Burritos are solid, as are nachos.  Torta was okay.  Great for dank drunk food, and provides really good value.I've been here twice and have only ordered the super nachos with carne asada. Fries loaded with cheese, guac, beans, salsa and sour cream topped off with a generous amount of meat! You'll definitely slip into a food coma after chowing down on this. I shared my fries both times and yes it is a very filling. Stab your fork into the combo, twirl it all around, lift it up and drizzle it with orange sawwce. 'tis the BombDotCom!! The green sawwce is pretty good as well. If the orange sauce is too spicy for you, top it with the green sauce ;D I've also tried their chips/salsa and horchata and they're both pretty 'licious as well. Brownie pts for them opening late. Prices are reasonable, Service is pretty basic. Food is good(well, the carne asada fries that is...)! Yeah, I'll be back...if I'm in the area.SO GOOD but SO BAD. Delicious burritos with an aftermath. Eat it with the orange sauce. It's such an EVENT.I only went here once before and didn't like it at all. SO anytime I'm downtown I would go to Iguanas. But NOW its a tie, neck and neck. Why the sudden change?La Vic's upgraded their menu and its really fantastic now. They have better quality of meat (maybe its the same or better way of cooking?) because before it was the main reason why I stopped eating here.From 2 stars to 4!2 Stars for their Orange Sauce.I was skeptical. I love the heat of the original orange sauce (Was it true that it was: mayonnaise, chorizo grease, and chili peppers?) And then they changed it. It still has heat but it hits you after a little while. Not instantly. How did they become vegan all of a sudden? Thoughts?It seems to me that this place is only good when one has consumed a number of alcoholic beverages. It's always packed after the clubs and bars stop serving alcohol. I've eaten their food when I was sober, and it was alright. There are plenty of other taquerias that have better food that I would drive to if I'm not under the influence, but since I shouldn't be driving after I drink, La Vic's would be the go to spot after a night out in downtown SJ. That orange sauce does put them on the map though, but without it, they're lost.Closest to tacos in Mexico, I ever had in the USA. Period. (Well, only the flavors of the chorizo one but tastes good)Orange Sauce... Enough said. Get yourself some.Got the beef tongue burrito - amazing!  The meat was tender and didn't have that crunchy texture of beef tongue that i was used to, yet it is more flavorful and definitely has a bit more texture than typical beef meat.  Maybe i was also starving, but it was just really good!  the Orange Sauce was good as well, but I do like Iguana's super uber spicy sauce better.  I do like that they just give you your own bottle of it so that you can squeeze over your burrito or food as much as you like though.the location is pretty small with really limited space.  I went during a convention period which means there was barely any space at all - we ended up sharing a table with another couple.  It worked out but yeah, expect lack of spaceCame here on a Saturday night, the place was pretty busy. I ordered the carne asada burrito and the super nachos. The food was okay. There was a homeless guy hanging out outside of the restaurant, he came into the restaurant and started to talk to this family having dinner. The dad looked really pissed and had a few words with the guy. The homeless guy then went table to table and in a half yelling way "yell" at all the people in the restaurant. The workers in the restaurant almost seemed afraid of the guy. People were getting uncomfortable and leaving. A homeless person coming into the restaurant is fine, but when he starts to half yell nonsense at the customers, which then cause the customers to leave, the staff needs to do something about it.Finally took the opportunity to try the ever-so-popular La Vicks and its famous orange sauce. Cheap & delicious Mexican food, that's all you need to know.Upon arriving, you might mistake this place for a house, but there's no way you'd miss the sign in the front. When walking inside, you'd notice that the place is pretty small (around 6 tables to dine in) so it's a good choice to grab take out. Ordering is simple, pick something from the large menu on the wall, select a meat, and pay at the cashier. Oh, and if you're trying to get a soda, the prices are written on some cups right next to the cashier.During my first visit, I ordered a steak super burrito which came out to be $7.01 (bring a penny!). Tell me that's not a good deal! I mean, the burrito itself was pretty good and the orange sauce was amazing, but it definitely wasn't the best burrito of my life. After talking to some friends, I'm planning on coming back to try the Carne Asada fries and the super quesadilla.Good when you're drunk I guess. Someone sent me here when I was commenting on the lack of decent Mexican food in San Jose. Rule #1, if someone is looking for real Mexican food don't send them somewhere that is famous for their "orange sauce."Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed my burrito and whatever the hell that orange sauce is, but it's barely a step above Del Taco.The sauce is awesome still, but the food is only average.  Yet I still com back for convenience and the sauce.  A couple of things I always get:Carnitas Tacos - Well made with a delicate crisp to every carnitas biteChicken Quesadilla - Always order this dine-in.  It gets soggy in the wrapperCarne Asada Nachos - They make it right here.  Even for two people for sureCarne Asada Burrito -  This is the order you take to go, but the beef is only average and the burrito as a whole isn't all that memoriable.Average bland food that must be covered with orange sauce to taste a bit above average. Ridiculous refill policy.I recommend going to Iguana's around the corner.Love this place! I always have to stop by when I'm in town. I love the breakfast burritos with orange sauce of course!  Somehow I find this location to be better tasting than the one on Santa Clara.This place is just okay...not my go-to Mexican food place, but if I'm in a rush to satisfy my Mexican food craving, I'll stop by here since it's close to me.I love their super tacos, and for me, just one can fill you up, but if you're really hungry, go with two...The tacos are wrapped in two corn tortillas- one soft and one slightly crispier (I love this one!)...I always split the taco fillings into the two separate tortillas so I feel like I'm getting more bang for my buck, and with the orange sauce, the taco's are mmm mmm good!Stay away from the regular burritos...I've never tried the super burrito which probably tastes pretty similar to the super tacos, but the regular burritos tastes mehhh...even the orange sauce isn't able to save it.They have good horchata that I've tried too- nice and refreshing!Three things:1. Never go too late or else you can get shot (super ghetto)2. Orange sauce is amazing!3. Burritos are bland unless you go during the day when it is not busy.Orange.Sauce.Huge tacos.Yum.You can't beat the price for good Mexican - unless you're including Taco Bell (which holds a very special place in my heart too).All I can say is orange sauce.  If you don't dump this on whatever you're eating, you're doing it wrong.  yum yum yum.I have been going to this place for years. I always thought it was just "okay". Now it absolutely sucks and one of the cashiers is just plain rude and nasty to deal with any adversity. I stop in from occasionally to order breakfast burritos to bring into work. The time before last, there was practically nothing in both of them. So I went somewhere else for a year or so and happened to be in the area so I thought I'd give them another chance. I didn't notice that my Potato, Egg & Cheese Burrito was dripping in grease when I took a bite. I tossed it in the trash and asked my friend to examine his. Same problem! I decided to go back across town to get my money back (something I never bother to do). I presented the "grease-dipped" burrito to a cashier who wouldn't re-make my order for both items. I got out of there with 1/2 my money.It wouldn't have been such a bad experience and I might have tried them again if the woman at the counter hadn't been so rude about it. The obviously don't want my business.I'm definitely never going back!Great selection in tortillas for burritos. My fave is the chile relleno burrito on chipotle tortilla.WTH? I thought I reviewed this spot already?? Must've been the other location lol..Anyway, I've been coming here for a couple yrs now and It's been the same; Heavy crowds who are drunk and coming from the clubs, quick food that is served, the scent of spicy orange sauce in the air, and weak parking outside so everybody goes to Jack In The Box lol. The food here is pretty decent; I mean it's not the BEST taqueria food BUT it's the sauce itself that brings costumers in. Thaaaat sauce I'm telling you is like CRACK. You put that on whatever and it makes the food taste different. The sauce has this salsa and garlic blend to it with like a dressing of some type? I cannot figure it out but forget that, just get a burrito and pour that sh*t!! lol You can also purchase the sauce too! not sure how much. Anyway this is a downtown San Jose staple for after hrs. Great late-night hangover food for the party people lol.Honestly, La Vic's is okay. There are definitely better Mexican restaurants out there, but I like how they're open late and conveniently in downtown. It's also probably the best food you'll eat when you're drunk. I love how they have vegetarian options! When I come here I like to get their vegetarian fries, which is kind of like the carne asada fries, but no meat. So the vegetarian fries consists of fries, cheese, guacamole, sour cream, salsa, plus hella carbs like rice, beans, lettuce. I LOVE IT! Perfect way to end the night after roaming around downtown drunk. All my friends love their orange sauce. They buy the bottle for $6 and put it on everything at home. Pizza, rice, eggs, like literally, EVERYTHING! I would love to follow the orange sauce bandwagon, but I can't handle spice lol.Midnight drunken munchies... This is probably the only reason I ever eat at La Vic's. After a night downtown, a nice nightcap of super nachos and a carne asada super quesadilla will hit the spot. It gets pretty packed when bars do last call, so be prepared to wait a while. 1 star for the famous Orange Sauce! I buy a bottle to keep in my fridge at home and I eat it with almost everything.1 star for being open late.1 star for decent Mexican food that won't make my stomach hurt.I'm surprised I've never reviewed this place before. This place is fucking awesome. I look forward to this place ANYTIME I go to San Jose. What do I get? Their Super Fries. Hohohoho. With any choice of meat? why yes..... Now, Carne Asada fries are so last year. If you guys want flavor, get the adobada (marinated pork). That shit is AMAZING. I tried their Lengua nachos once and I honestly.......didn't like it. Almost pukes but ate it cause my friend ordered it. It's like......really tender......but I dont know why I just.....nearly gagged when eating it. I think it has to do with the flavor itself also. Plus.....texture is just weird. But man their fries are awesome.You also come here.......for their VEGAN orange sauce. This sauce literally goes with any type of food. I bought a bottle and put them on Bok choy, since I literally hate bok choy. It taste a hell of a lot better. It's a very spicy/garlicy kinda sauce and I absolutely love it. Now, the bottle itself costs $6 and it runs out......fairly quickly. So if u do buy a bottle, I suggest you ask for the small packets before u leave. Like.....ask them for it more than once cause they only give you a few when u ask for it. It's worth it cause this sauce is AWESOME. This place does tend to get crowded really easily so be warned. Also, I NEVER KNEW THIS till my last visit but there's a fucking UPSTAIRS DINING AREA. HOLY ANGELINA JOLIE. I never knew that. Cause the downstairs dining area gets filled up most of the time. You're welcome, I just informed everyone who didn't know of this.I suggest you guys give it a try. Don't forget to try their California Burrito. Never tried it. Sounds good. Tell me how you like it cause I'm ordering it next time.Dry meat. I only like the sauce. On a Saturday night, you'll see a lot of drunks in the restaurant scarfing down burritos..... Maybe that is when I'll learn to appreciate their food....Orange sauce = bombI always get a carne asada super burrito and I've also ordered a flour chicken quesadilla. The food itself is pretty good but its gotta be the orange sauce that takes it over the top so that you'll come back for more.  There is always a security guard here at night.  Lines are long and the only annoying part about this place is the limited seating.  Typically I'll order to go and they will give you two little sauce containers of their signature sauce and if there happens to be seating, I'll dine in for a bit and enjoy bottle they provide you at the restaurant before going home with the rest of my food and the sauce containers.This place is trouble! lol  No seriously, their food is sooo incredibly amazing! I love their super veggie burrito, it's absolutely delicious. My hubby always gets the shredded chicken burrito and loves it, customer service is wonderful and place is clean. This is a must go to place! yummm!!!La Victorias is amazing, they quality of the food is always good never have I had a bad experience with la Victorias. The orange sauce is the best part never order food without itThe parking can be difficult, service is typical taqueria service, it can be crowded but the breakfast burritos smothered in their spicy orange sauce make it worth the effort. I come here about once a week, usually for breakfast, occasionally for dinner. I love the breakfast burritos and the carne asada super burritos. If the quality of these items carries through across the menu you cannot go wrong.I've grown up on La Vics so I can't imagine Mexican otherwise.  I won't say it's the best burritos around town, but their quesadillas and orange sauce does take it to home base.  They are PRETTY FREAKEN GOOD. Especially after a night of drinking, this is the kinda munchies I'd like to be munchin' on!!!  Quesadillas here, burritos at Iguanas. This place is CRACKIN' and the line is always packed with people after a night of raging and drinking.  I usually say that this area is probably not somewhere you want to be at for too long late at night cause it's not the safest, but it's usually packed with drunk patrons and SJSU students, so it's not too bad.You can buy a bottle of orange sauce for $6, and I would say it's a pretty good buy.  I do it.  Haha.  You can practically put that sauce on anything and it'll be tasty!  Not sure how nutritious it'd be, but definitely delicious.Like everybody else, I'm addicted to the orange sauce.Don't waste your money on adding guacamole to your burrito, even on dis-assembly, you can't find it.Breakfast burritos are a great deal in the morning.  I think I'd be happy eating one every day.They're a little stingy on the orange sauce when you order to go.  If I get one burrito, the gal will usually give me 3 orange sauce cups.  But when I ordered 5 burritos to feed a bunch of friends, she refused to give me more than 8 sauces.  So I gave in and bought a bottle, then she tried to take the cups back.  Seriously?  No.Still great food.  And addictive orange sauce.They don't make their own chips, though.  Standard bull costco-style corn chips.  Pass.This place does not disappoint on a late night out downtown. Recently ordered two chicken quesadillas with guac & sour cream - yes, they were super sloppy & falling apart...but they were equally delicious. If you are brave enough to stomach a monster nacho order - get their supreme nachos. I could not finish them personally.the best lengua ever. i've tried mexican food in SD and they all suck except for a few. the lengua here is softer than the beef.This is the joint that most SJ locals rave about when it comes to Mexican food. I've dined here plenty of times since attending college at SJSU and its safe to say this place is definitely overrated. Based on my experiences at other Mexican joints, the quality of their food is decent at best. It probably isn't fair to compare La Vics to the taquerias in SF Mission Blvd...but Jalisco Taqueria is already another location in SJ that is clearly better than La Vics that I can name. The only thing that keeps customers coming back is their orange sauce to be honest. Everyone drowns their food in this sauce before taking a bite. I am not exaggerating one bit..The sauce is even bought to be taken home and used on other random foods. What i am trying to get at is that La Vics would not be where it is without its infamous sauce that keeps customers coming back for more including myself. My usual go-to items range from the carne asada quesadilla, breakfast burrito, or nacho fries. One thing that i have always noticed is how greasy the quesadillas are. The breakfast burritos (I usually get mine with ham) can be a hit or miss from time to time. Sometimes the beans they use for their breakfast burritos are just damn right cold and mushy which just kills it for me. Overall, La Vic's food is nothing special but it is cheap. I would never recommend this place to any of my friends craving Mexican food unless its late night (La Vic's will probably be your only option by then).The quality of the food has lost its zest. Not sure what happened to this joint over the years. College kids embark this place all day and night to taste what? Not good at all, must be having the munchies type of deal to enjoy this place. I have been coming here for over a decade and recently the taste is like crap. If you are craving and have the munchies by all means enjoy a tasteless Mexican meal. Yuckster!I have been at two locations, downtown SJ and to the one on Almaden Expwy.  Both places were extremely busy with long lines.  The food was just ok to me but I do have to say that I love that orange sauce.Oh, my, gosh.  Why don't they have these down south where I used to live.The Super Burrito's are AMAZING.The Super Taco's' are AMAZING.The Orange Sauce, is literally THE BEST SAUCE I HAVE EVER HAD, EVER EVER EVER.Pro's- Everything.Con's-Nothing.Extra Bonus-- if you are drunk... you will devour everything and damn well enjoy it.Just average as far as quality of food.... Employees are always moving fast but should be more welcoming...College students keep this place in business!Good late night eats.  Portions are big and the meat is reasonably good.  I always get a super burrito because that's what you order when you've been drinking.The orange sauce is legendary for a reason.Carnitas Super Tacos - Best in town!!!I'm sorry folks. But the secret ingredient to the orange sauce is steak grease. Kinda...sorta...disgusting.Seating is a little troublesome. Not the biggest burrito fan, but it's definitely some of the best drunk food in San Jose after a night out at San Pedro Square. The magic is in the sauce. The saaaaauuuce.Check it out for yourself!just another average south bay taqueria. nothing's good unless you drown it in "orange sauce". atmosphere feels cramped, hot and loud, service, can't really complain about. If you live near and decent mexican food is what you want, go for it. But i'm more concerned about some of these reviews who think so highly of this establishment. I've eaten mexican food all over CA and mexico (including my abuelas) and this is subpar.2 Words, Orange Sauce , Orange Sauce, Orange Sauce.... Damn!!!! love their stuff.The old school one off of San Jose University is the best -- shady neighborhood but only way to get the best out of the best!Yes I been there a lotGreat place when you are hungry! The service is very quick and their Super Burrito with orange sauce is awesome. Not great for groups though because they have limited seating area.Just The special Hot sauce Makes it...Orange sauce goes with everything.  Stock up on your bottles!My boyfriend and I have been coming here for a long time and we get our usuals as we always do. Dont get me wrong, but the ORANGE SAUCE IS BOMB. As I was saying the people who works here have a problem communicating with the guests and with the workers. What I mean was like when I ask for no beans on my burrito, they either put beans or have my burrito wet... And when you try to explain what was wrong with your order, they will argue and they always want to be right all the time. Honestly we don't go to this la Vic's anymore, because of bad communication.Yeah this place has way too much hype. The actual quality of food is mediocre at best, and I would actually give this place 2 stars if it wasn't for that legendary orange sauce. If I do come back, it'll probably be to buy a tub of that sauce so that I can take it with me and put it on a better burrito.It's hard to go wrong with La Vics. The food is awesome and it's fun to be here at 2 am when all of the people who left the bars are coming in.  The food is a little more greasy than I like but it's tasty and the orange sauce is as legendary as everyone says.  The service is ok- busy as all heck and they're trying to get people in and out efficiently, nothing too special but I do appreciate them working so hard.Food 7/10Customer Service 6/10Comfort 6/10Price Value 6.5.10Overall 6.5/10This place located a block from SJSU campus is purely for the drunk, baked, or a late night snacking. The burritos are decent but nothing special about it. The Orange Sauce somewhat makes the burrito a tad bit better but honestly, there are so many better places for mexican food. Overall, simply just a place convenient for college students. Prepare to line up for a bit on thirsty thursdays and weekends at night.The burritos are great. I came here for lunches every once in awhile when I had a break in between classes at SJSU. The sauce is amazing! That is the best part of this place. It isn't even that expensive either.Everytime I go bar hopping in SJ, I would go to La Vics after to wrap up the night with a good burrito and the special orange sauce.  But unfortunately, one night I felt adventurous and tried the Al Pestor, which I think means pork (I don't know).  All of my friends had the Carne asada and felt fine after eating it.  After eating my entire burrito filled with pork (I think), my whole weekend was ruined (You know what that means..).  I had food poisoning for 2 whole days and felt like sh*t! Everything literally came out of me during those 2 days. Therefore, if you want to skip work or miss a meeting, I HIGHLY recommend getting the Al Pestor because you will end up like me (or worse). haha  Maybe before ordering something in the future, I should know what it means first bc maybe Al Pestor means food poisoning. hahahaWould I come back? Probably...not.This is not the first La Vic location I have been to, but it was the first time I visited this particular store. It's in a cute converted victorian house, which is different... and there is plenty of seating on two levels. The only shitty thing is the street parking (clearly marked as a parking zone) is trolled by SJPD who give nonsensical tickets to cars such as mine that did not violate any laws. I'd suggest pulling into one of the nearby lots instead.Anyway, as for La Vic in general - it's pretty good. Everyone mostly just wants their orange sauce, as it's among the best. Their food is honestly just average for all taquerias in the area. There are better places to get an authentic Mexican fix in SJ - but this one is still a go-to for most locals.chile relleno burrito is my fave. also the orange sauce is so addictive! The plain quesadilla is good too!La Vic's is where heart disease is born in the most delicious way possible. I've come here a few times, usually after snowboarding or before venturing into the Christmas in the Park spectacle -- two events that require full energy and tummies. The food is really rich and hearty and comes in big portions. I recall an event where we ate here, and then sat in the car for at least 10 minutes before leaving because we were physically unable to start driving due to severe food coma.I always get the super nachos with carne asada and that's more than enough for me. I really like the guacamole and the meat, and I always felt that they gave me plenty of both with my chips. I've actually never tried their famous orange sauce because I can't eat spicy, but I've heard it's just okay.Parking and seating are total pains but since I can only come here once every few months to protect my arteries, I'm willing to deal with that.Their vegetarian tacos are uniquely wonderful. Not like Santa Cruz tacos (which I also love). They have an extra kick, and they take the time to melt the cheese in the taco before they add everything else. And they wrap the tacos cool. Seriously, no complaints; I just don't give five stars.First time I tried it, it was the best! The orange sauce is really good! However, each time I go, I get more disgusted! The tortilla is uncooked and gets stuck between your teeth. It is simply drunk college food. That's all.As a SJSU grad and frequenter of downtown San Jose, I've enjoyed my fair share of La Vics.The food is always good, the portions are great and the late hours make La Vics a great spot for after the bars or getting food during finals.However, after the umpteenth burrito, the garlic-spiced rice, greasy al pastor and stomach bloating kinda catches up with you. I won't deny that the carne asada chili relleno buritto may just be the greatest munchies concoction ever, but there are plenty of other great taquerias in San Jose to get hyped up about.Only receiving one star solely for their orange sauce. Best to just buy their sauce that they do sell separately(6$ a bottle) and go to any other taqueria. Compare to iguanas down the street, their burrito is subpar and doesn't even match up to other places such as La Costa. Came here the other night for a late night meal and order nacho fries. They end up giving me nachos instead and when I told them, the old Mexican lady who was the cashier gave me attitude and said there was nothing she could do. My girlfriend heard me say nacho fries as well and I'm not that mad about the mixup, but how they handle it; It's the principle... Wouldn't go back solely on this reason and rather go down the street to Iguanas.I don't know if they changed the recipe or what (it feels slightly different and lighter, but that could just be me), but the orange sauce is now aggressively advertised as vegan. I guess word got around. Good for them!Burritos are tasty and reasonably priced. I still prefer iguanas around the corner on most days, but they don't make amazing breakfast burritos like these guys!That aside, their normal burritos are fine and tasty. I tend to prefer iguanas, but it's more of a matter of "different" rather than "better." Either way, you're getting something that's loved dearly by many locals.Thanks for your foodi love the orange sauce and when I first had this place I put it on everything butttt, too much will definitely hurt my tummy now. It's really good Mexican food for cheap. us, sjsu students love itNot that great. Only thing it has going for it is their orange sauce (which isn't even as good as the orange sauce @ Cotixans down in SD)Got the carnitas burrito and the meat was all dry and stringy. Also there wasn't much toppings. And the burrito looked really small. It didn't taste good to me at an hour where food usually tastes awesome, so it's an A-OK for me.Management I hope you're reading this! I came here past midnight looking forward to my chile verde super burrito, 15 minutes later I get home and find what???? A vegetarian burrito that is basically trash. So I paid $7.56 for nothing. The burrito had rice, beans, and lettuce...that's it!!! They are either very stupid and forgot to put in the meat or very stupid and gave me the wrong order. I called and they wanted me to drive a total of 30 minutes round trip to fix my burrito that should have been right in the first place! Never coming here again. Inept staff that steal your money to save money by not giving you meat!It's all hype. I've eaten here for a few years and it's getting worse and worse. The only saving grace is the orange sauce.Had a burrito here last Saturday and without the sauce, it's just meh all around.  Luckily they sell the sauce in bottles so you can eat it on better burritos.I'm a total fan of this place. It is a must when I'm in the area! Just love the sauce here and the food is reall good. Their quesadillas as not only big and filling, but taste great. I always over order because I want to try as much as I can while I'm up there. Lines get long and sometimes you have to wait for a table but it's not that bad.The Orange sauce is tremendously delicious, I can pretty much eat it with anything. Their menu is traditional authentic Mexican and the prices are beyond reasonable!!talk about make me wanna barf. i got a burrito, it was gross. the burrito tasted like spaghetti sauce it was nasty, i was not your normal Mexican burrito at all. i have never been back and never willFor the food, I will give it 4 stars, but I am subtracting a star because of the bad attitude their employees have.This place is DELICIOUS, but the workers aren't the most pleasant. So if you're looking for great service and people greeting you with smiles, this is not the place to go.However, if you don't care about all of that, then I will totally recommend this place to you. Their food is so, so, so, sooo good. And despite their poor service, their food, and their orange sauce, has me going back time and time again.One thing I find mind boggling is why they don't open up the second floor. There are times that I have went that it is open, to allow for more tables for their customers, but then there are other times that they chain it off. They definitely do not have enough seats and tables downstairs, it's really quite crammed, and because of the hype and popularity they have, it's not a smart business decision to close off the second floor...it just makes no sense to me.I just wanted to remind people that La Vic's is alive and real.Had two corn tacos the other day. Lengua and Pastor. Both, ridiculously loaded and good. Pour some orange sauce on it, devour, be 20% happier.Enjoy!This place is fun and hip, but the burritos are just ok.  Go here if you have no other options.So delicious! La Vics is that restaurant that has you craving their food a year later out of nowhere and you'll do anything just to get there to have some of that delicious orange sauce. Its like the White Castle for mexican food! Perfect for late night adventures or just because you're hungry.  Definitely check this place out.I think this place is just okay.. Besides the sauce, there isn't too much to be excited about.They were okay.  Edible.  Nice, but not someplace I plan to go to again.The place was warm and had no AC.The food seems like nothing special, (no offense) but the sauce is ADDICTIVE!I'm not going to lie, there are those nights when my drunchies kick in, I'm in downtown and I can't help but get my hands on a greasy quesadilla here.But that doesn't mean I'm in love with the food here, I just don't know any better. And when those nights come when I think I want some La Vic's and I come not intoxicated, my real senses are super disappointed.I would much prefer Iguanas over La Vics anyday!I was exploring Downtown San Jose and was looking for a quick, local place to eat and stumbled across this restaurant.  I'm glad that I did.  I enjoyed my meal thoroughly.  I ordered my Mexican go-to meal - flautas - which came with rice, beans, sour cream, guacamole, lettuce and salsa.  It was a filling meal and a great deal for the price.  It is located right across from a university, so the clientele is mostly students.  I recommend stopping by if you're ever in the hood.B. Major Grade:  AAhh La Vics. Where do I start?Been a fan of La Vics for years while in college. It was convenient because they had such an eclectic variety of flavors and options. My favorites are the carne asada fries, nacho plates and of course the orange sauce.I also love to drink horchata, so this place is really worth the visit if you enojy horchata or other mexican drinks. Its also quite affordable and is open late, which makes it a perfect venue for many college students. My friends and I would always head over to La Vics after the clubs and bars closed. Perfect way to end the night. I haven't found an orange sauce anywhere else that comes close.A night in downtown San Jose (or hangover morning after) is not complete with out a trip to La Vic.  This review is long overdue.  This place was part of a select handful of restaurants that kept my appetite down when I was attending SJSU.  People can say it's bad for being so busy, greasy food, sketchy vibe, or whatever else.  It's a poor excuse.  It's midnight and you're hungry after too much partying/studying/relationship drama and La Vic is always there for you despite your choices.  There are numerous options for corn tortilla based dishes.  Things get busy but for the sheer volume of orders normally placed La Vic gets orders through at a reasonable pace.  Orange sauce makes everything better.  Everything.  Including that one time you decided pollo nachos is a better counselor than your former BFF.Best Burritos and the orange sauce is ammmmazing. I even bought a couple bottles to take for the houseCame here after a friend chatted it up the night before. I ordered the steak milanese sandwich and got two sides of the Orange Sauce that everyone seemed to be raving about. I was ready to tear this bad boy up!The torta came with lettuce, avocado, tomato, mayonnaise, and my milanese. The bread seemed like a standard torta roll. Unfortunately the bread was rubbery, not crunchy, and lacked flavor. However, the milanese was cooked tender and the skin was crispy and crunchy. Overall I felt as if the sandwich was lacking much flavor. Where was the salt and the fresh quality tasting ingredients? The orange sauce was spicy, as can be expected from habaneros, with a buttery roasted garlic finish. Although, I suspect most of the garlic flavor was in fact from powdered form and not so much actual garlic. It's a cute restaurant and I can see it's appeal for the college students, but just not one for me.Not my favorite place for Mexican food. It was alright for being hungry, but the service was terrible. I went there for breakfast during the anime convention in town, FanimeCon. I was wearing Gothic Lolita so she must have freaked out. One of the workers was just so rude to me because I wanted my food without their signature sauce. She complained that I ordered incorrectly and did not want to remake my food. I told her I never tried this restaurant before and their menu doesn't say they put sauce in a carne asada quesodilla. I had to wait over 10 minutes for my plain quesodilla.   My hubby went back there not too long ago, and said it wasn't all that great either.I really don't recommend eating here. The only thing I keep hearing about is their famous sauce. If you are not sauce boss this place is not for you because the food isn't anything extraordinary.If you're a authentic burrito enthusiast like me, read no more. Just drop by La Victoria! If you're new to the SJ area, keep on reading further.Every time I drop by the downtown SJ area (whether it be after a club or on the drive down from SF to south bay area), I make a pit stop here to grub at La Victoria Taqueria. Why? They have simply the BEST hot sauce in all of Norcal! So much so that if you look at their counter, they offer bottles of this secretly-kept, mysterious hot sauce to customers for $6.I usually get either the carnitas or the Carneasada burrito.  Both are great, but both make you think after.  Ever had that feeling ometimes, when you need to have your Mexican fix, and you go back to thinking about that ONE burrito joint? Yeah, that would be...La Vic's for me.  They don't bamboozle you or cheat you of your fair share; their burritos are about the length from my wrist to my forearm/beginning of my elbow joint.  I personally recommend the CARNE asada burrito the best because the meat tastes different from other burrito places i've been to.  Also, they add the best guacamole, sour cream, onions, melted cheese, beans, rice and also Salsa. Combined with the perfectly toasted tortilla shell, you have what everybody in the SOUTH bay knows as the best in town....a La Vic's SUPER Burrito!La Vic's simply leaves you thinking about it more; once you go, it's forever engrained on your mind!Now I remember why I HATE La Vics!!!!  The last time I had La Vics was 2-3 years ago, only b/c a friend wanted me to grab some bites after our usual drunken Saturday.  Fast forward to last night, my friend suggested here after the Sharks game so I decided to get a regular burrito w/ marinated pork..... Okay here's why I dislike their food: meat was dry, hardly any salsa or rice, basically all I got was salty meat that was not even good quality.  One thing that make me dislike their burrito even more is the way the wrap their burrito, it's flat and lazy, I mean it's a damn burrito, it's not supposed to be open and fall apart.  I think I gave this place one too many chances and each time, it never got better!I would say more so 3.5, but lets round it to 4.I come here all the time. Very popular with students. My personal favorite meat to get is breaded steak for my burrito. The burrito itself is mediocre, not horrible tasting, but nothing over the top. What I do love about this place though is the orange sauce. It's like sriacha. Good on pretty much anything and everything, and if it's too spicy, then you take it. Something about their burritos and orange sauce works well. Complaints about this place is stuff out of their control. Semi long wait for food, but that's because the majority of the time, it's packed. Small place so very hard to get seats.Honestly, the only reason I like La Vic's so much is because of the orange sauce. It goes good with everything! $8 a bottle, worth it.The food itself is ok. Nothing too special. The one thing worth mentioning is the super flour quesadilla. It's fried ... so it's so crispy and so good. Top it with orange sauce and you're ready to eat!great food for a great price, fast service, and ORANGE SAUCE. What more is there to say?Could always be more seating, but that's a sign that this place can always pack a house and I don't mind eating in the parking lot.Always worth it to buy a bottle of the Orange Sauce for home. I use it on everything when I'm feeling naughty. Leftover Chinese food, whatever.Been coming here once in a few months with friends since I live in the area. Sometimes the lines get really long and it gets cramped inside.La Vics has usually been known for it's "orange sauce" but I was not really a huge fan of their sauce from the beginning. The burritos here are also super mediocre. Without the sauce it tastes flavorless and the burrito itself dries up pretty fast after you finish up about half of it. The super nachos are alright, and the carne asada fries were a nice addition to the menu. There is NOTHING particularly special about this restaurant.Gained those freshman fifteens off of this place. But not gonna regret eating it, cuz it was awsome! Thank God im an athlete and was able to drop the weight FAST! I regularly goto the one in hayward by cal state east bay which is good too but not the same atmosphere.I dont know what the hype about this place is? the orange sauce... I get it... but it doesnt make up for the food quality. I guess if your looking for american-mexican food then this is your place. not for me, enjoyLove the orange salsa except for the fact that they do not refrigerate it correctly so it seems to get a lot of people sick.I swear everyone gets "moth to the flame' syndrome once they've had it.Customer service is non existent and honestly they're food is just so-so. BTW- Reconstitute dried cascabel or magdalena chili's. Throw them in a food processor and then cook them with chorizo sausage on med- high heat then let simmer until you have a lot of chili pepper sausage rendered grease. Drain the grease and ADD to mexican table cream. Blend well so it is smooth. REFRIDGERATE! Do not leave this on your table too long it's a dairy product and will easily turn.Cheers!La Vics is the fucking shit always. Especially when youre absolutely blasted drunk. Consistently good food. Go for the most expensive quesadilla and blast that fucker with orange sauce and fukcing NOMONM your way into flavor heaven.For the normal people experience come here during the day. But for the college experience, get fucking blasted at the club and get here somehow (walking? driving?), wait in the fucking line with the other drunk fuckers, drunkenly mumble your order, and then fuckin start TWERKKKKIN when they call yo numbahhhh!!Food 5/5Line (at night) sucks/5Service 2/5 but somehow this doesn't affect the total scoreTotal = awesome1st time didn't like it, 2nd time I liked it a little better.Seems like they renovated the place over the Summer.But flavor wise, it only beats SJSU cafeteria burrito. Sauce was good but wasn't er mer gerd taste.Having eaten a number of tacos in my day, I would dare to say that the carnitas taco with the orange sauce beats the others by a LANDSLIDEEven better than the SF crispy taco phenomenon! It's cheap, open late, quick, easy and SO GOOD. Go San Jose!This place has the best burritos and tacos and there really nice and help you and there not mean to there customers.GO TO LA VICTORIA TAQUERIAThat orange sauce was one of my most frequent cravings when I went to college for 4 years. Honestly I looooove their quesadillas and the orange sauce is to die for but this is the first review where I'm going to let terrible service affect my rating. The workers are SO RUDE and stingy! The cashiers have so much attitude and when you have an honest question you really will not get a reply without an eyeroll or a deep sigh. RUDE RUDE RUDE. ALWAYS.And even when you're not done eating yet right when your plate looks near empty they come to your table and snatch up the sauce like you're about to take it. I don't blame them too much for this since I have seen people straight putting that shit in their backpacks and leaving but still have the decency to ask "are you done yet". Jeez.Great drunk food and sometimes I just gotta have that orange sauce, but I think I'll just go to the other locations or bring my business elsewhere.Every time I'm in NorCal, I have to stop by.O-sauce with chicken quesadilla, yummmmmmmm! best Mexican food besides SD Mexican food.I guess I should have shopped around a bit more before I ate here, but after frequenting other taquerias in the area, I was pretty disappointed when I came back here the other day. Yeah, ok, the orange sauce is good, but other places have similar sauce. Honestly, out of every place I've been I would stick to Los Cunados up on Ranch Dr. It is a couple of bucks more for super burritos, but the portions are huge there in comparison. It is still nice to have an option at 2am though.Really, the last time I was here a couple of days ago it just wasn't the same. Hence, reevaluating my review to a big 3 star "Meh".Been waiting 20 minutes behind these drunk people! Their orange sauce is amazing! But its way too popular and too many people show up when I'm drunk and hungry and make me wait for my delicious food. Need a bigger shop IMO.(I wrote the above while waiting in line and intoxicated)My favorites are the nachos and quesedillas. I ALWAYS buy a bottle of orange sauce when I stop by here. It goes great on everything. Great for drunk food or for a filling burrito. Right by campus if you attend SJSU. My only quarrel with this place is the wait. It's very popular so the wait can be devastating when you're starving. Make you pay for water and not very many places to sit. I recommend ordering and taking it somewhere else to eat, so no one can watch you stuff your face.I wanted to come here after hearing all the hype from my family about this place. I'm a San Jose transplant to San Diego and have been in SD for 16 years so I know a thing or two about good taco shop food. I was surprised that they had carne asada fries (for some reason no one has them up in SJ) but was saddened with what came out. PLEASE! Do not put nacho cheese in your carne asada fries! That's a big no-no! Shredded cheese is where it's at and should always be made like that. I ate it since I didn't want to waste food but yes, that was a total bummer.4 stars for the sauce, 2 for the food.I usually buy burritos/fries/hot dogs/food from around their and just order a quesadilla here for the sauce. Otherwise, it's 6 bucks for a bottle.Past midnight?Hungry for Mexican food?In downtown SJ?If you've answered "yes" to these questions, head on over to the San Jose institution that is La Victoria. And don't skimp on the orange sauce.Food was great had tacos de carnitas some nachos de carne asada.The only thing I didnt like was how small the place was. Customer service could improve.great service. Food OkayIn the area for the KollabSF showcase, I, and much of the other staff, decided to drop in here during our lunch break, after much bruhaha about their delicious orange sauce. Unfortunately, with the steady stream of staff and performers, on top of the regular lunch rush, this led to a really, really long wait of somewhere around 20-30 minutes to get our food.Finally getting and trying my burrito, I'm calling a pass. While the orange sauce was indeed quite tasty, the burritos were, at best, very mediocre, especially compared to the things you can find up in SF. Definitely not worth driving out here for, and, it seemed like there were better options, even if you ARE in the area. If you really want that orange sauce, and have a friend who like La Vic, just have them grab you some extra. Forrizzles.***Accessibility Info***Venue - Oh, right, and it's also completely inaccessible by nature of being directly up a flight of steps.Bathroom - Given the above caveat, who knows.I came here for a goodbye party for my friend, we had around 20 people in our party and they were able to accommodate us because they had an upstairs. I had ordered a super burrito with el pastor meat, which was really good, but they are most known for their orange sauce. After trying the orange sauce I was pretty impressed. However, you should order it at the restaurant because they charge 2.00 for orange sauce if you take it to go. Overall the Mexican restaurant was good, but I would mainly go for the orange sauce!Honestly this place, like all food joints by high schools and universities, is purely meant for a cheap, quick and good (not necessarily healthy) bite. But honestly the food isn't THAT good. I'm only speaking for the quesadillas and burritos. It's descent pricing, but I've gotten more for that same price. The orange sauce is good, but not great. Maybe it was named because it had a hint of oranges in the sauce but not anymore. Now it's just greasy and spicy.Quesadilla tastes pretty much the same as their burrito. The quesadilla is cheaper.It's not something I'd want to eat often. It's an once-in-a-while food.Pros:1) Their ORANGE SAUCE is Amazing!2) Great tasting burritos, tacos, quesadillas, tortas, and much more.3) This place is open till 3 am and trust me this place gets all the CROWDS after downtown San Jose's nightlife comes to an end.4) Plenty of sitting area available and standing table tops to eat your food.5) 2 floors.6) Right next to San Jose State University! This is the burrito spot for many SJSU students!Cons:1) NO PARKING AVAILABLE.2) Only one restroom.Conclusion:* If you want some great tasting burritos with fast service, this is the place to come! Great place for late night eating!Tip:* This place can get really crowded on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday nights. Sometimes the line to order food can trail out the doors! To avoid these long waiting times, come before 2:00 am.another huge fan here- LOVE the sauce!!!!!!  I come here for that alone :)!!Orange sauce is really good, but the food itself is only okay. I would go to Iguana's for a burrito and get the sauce from La Vic's.One of the most disappointing burritos I've ever had, second only to Taco Bell. The entire thing is fairly flavorless, whether I choose Al Pastor, Carne Asada, Pollo Asado. The meat does not make any difference. You have to drown the thing in orange sauce to be able to enjoy it.The burrito usually comes wrapped by some 6 year old. They're so poorly wrapped that it honestly looked like a sloppy over-sized soft taco the last time I was in.I'm pretty sure that 70% of their business is driven by orange sauce fanatics. I don't blame them, that stuff can literally go on everything. The orange sauce alone gets the two stars.Tips:Regular Flour Quesadilla $2.70 (cheese and salsa)--------------------------------------------------­---------------------------I love love love the quesadillas here because it seems like the flour tortilla is fried! This makes this place the best place I know serving this kind of quesadillas. I would absolutely recommend all my friends to come here to try the quesadilla along with the orange sauce. It's a combo that cannot be beat.I love La Vic's "orange sauce." I'm not really sure what it is, but it's tasty.Over the years I've tried a variety of what they have to offer, and I've never been disappointed!Definitely have to stop by and try something if you're near one!Quesadilla & their breakfast burritos are the best with orange sauce! It's right by SJSU so it's a must go to place for students.All hype. It's okay.I hate soupy guac so that was it for me. And the orange sauce is not all that,Absolutely love it at this place! Can't say much about customer service because its very quick when speaking with the workers, but food wise its my number one pick always!orange sauce.  nom nom!I love this place!!!! growing up in San Jose, this has always been the go to late night food. I was in town for the weekend and grabbed a super corn quesadilla with carnitas. I threw on some of their special orange sauce. I would definitely recommend any of their burritos or quesadillas. If you love the orange sauce, you can buy a bottle to go!ViReally great place! They even let me modify my burrito. I made a California burrito with Chicken. It's delicious. Chicken, French Fries, chesse, sour cream and guacamole. Add hot sauce later. Perfection!Review:Amazing greasy Mexican food. Perfect for late night cravings as it's open until 3 am, and perfect after drinking. No parking pretty much, but it's damn worth the walk because you'll be so full after. +Horchata+50 cents chips and salsa+Carne Asada Fries+Super Flour Quesadillas++++++ORANGE SAUCENothing outstanding.  Large portions, inexpensive, food is decent but the chips are always hard as a rock and slightly stale like they came out of a costco bag.Orange sauce is good for a late night craving.Summary:  If your an out of towner looking for something other than a chain restaurant, come here.Pro's:  Orange Sauce, Orange Sauce, Orange Sauce.  Even if don't care for the taco or burrito you order, the sauce will make up for it.  I always get a carne asada burrito and have no complaints.Having worked in downtown SJ for 15 year's I've eaten here a lot.  Breakfast and lunch burritos are great.Con's:  Night time or late night ordering:  The only time it didn't meet expectations, as my quesadilla was horrible.  I chalk it up to who they feel they are serving this time at night, which are the drunks with the munchies.They have this rule about only one orange sauce per table when your eating there.  It's annoying and I purposefully always have two until someone comes by and takes one.Conclusion:  It's a safe bet for breakfast or lunch.  They've never been stingy with the to go sauces with me.Good food, great orange sauce! Its a San Jose favorite.Clean and well taken care of. Their staff is friendly and serve properly. The food is cooked well except that after 11:00 pm sometimes the food has a funny taste and leaves you with more than you wanted in your tummy. Other than that it's been great the other times of the day. Their chips are okay but try their sauces.Four months later, and I'm still in love. Still recommend this place to everyone I meet, and will constant come here with friends.2 Words! Orange Sauce!I put that sauce on everything I order from this place!If you are ever at this place, you've got to try the sauce!Great food, opens late, expect the line.Delicious! My favorite is the lengua (beef tongue) burrito! Don't knock it til you try it! I won't buy anything else unless they run out of beef tongue, lol! Affordable place.  My co-workers preach about the orange sauce but i preach about the green sauce that they sell for $6 a bottle :)  Thanks La Victoria Taqueria for making my layover's in san jose worth it!!I'm from Sacramento and went to SJ with my friends. After a night of partying we decided to grab some food at La Victoria because we heard of their infamous special sauce.  Once we ordered it took us about 10 minutes to get our food. It was about 2am on a Saturday night and the place was packed!!!!! The food was amazing and the sauce was off the hook. I'd recommend this place to everyone!always hits the spot after a long night of drinking.  Just make sure you go early, because the line gets crazy longI used to come here all the time until i moved over to orange county.... When i did come to this place their orange sauce was the shit!! It was so good people were literally stealing the bottles of sauce!! I used to get the burrito with everything in it. Can't remember what it was but, damn was it good!I usually get a plate of Chorizo, tortillas and rice minus the beans. I'm generally happy as i'm eating it and the chips are addicting. All in all not a bad place to dine; though it can get crowded so i'd plan on getting take out.OK.. this place is cheap. Parking is very hard to find and if you eat too much of orange sauce, its gonna remind you the next day.BUT.... the food is tasty for sure. A great place for some quick and cheap week days.4.5 starsVery delicious and affordable Mexican food. Clearly a local favorite as there were only students in the taqueria when my friend and I entered. The place is loud with chatter when you enter, but you're fixated on the menu as there are so many combinations to choose from. There are many variations of burritos, quesadillas, and more, and you are unlikely to be disappointed.I got the super flour quesadilla with carnitas (pulled pork) and it was delectable. A bit on the greasy side, but the quesadilla came out large with lots of ingredients and flavor. A good amount of guac and pork was in every bite, and the spicy orange sauce just made everything taste so much better. Don't you forget it. I washed my food down with a delicious cup of horchata, highly recommended if you haven't tried it.My friend says the chips are a bit stale, so be aware that they may not be as good as your hot meal.Been coming here since highschool before iguanas opened up nearby and it's still as good as ever. Sometimes I'll venture away from what I usually get but I'll always come back to the el pastor topped nacho fries, gotta get my weekly fix.My girlfriend raved about this place, so during our trip to the bay, we had to visit this highly-regarded SJ institution. I'm from San Diego and down here, we are pretty particular about our Mexican food. LA Vic's did not disappoint. We both split a Super flour carne asada quesadilla. The best part of the quesadilla was the tortilla - perfectly crispy and crunchy while still chewy enough. The stuff on the inside wasn't bad either, although my carne asada was a little salty, it was still really good (I'm nitpicking at this point)Oh, and the orange sauce that everyone raves about is really good. I look forward to coming back here during future SJ trips.So good if you really want cheap Mexican fast food! I've been here quite a bit. It's equally good for drunk munchies and if you just want Mexican food for lunch.  I usually get the nachos or burritos and add meat (carnitas) if I'm especially hungry or sharing with friends. The house sauce is amazing. It's a mostly garlic-y, spicy sauce. I like it on everything, just not on plain chips. Too harsh on the stomach. This place has great hours, open late, and is very easy to get to in downtown SJ. The staff are nice and service is pretty fast, even when there's a line out the door. The only thing is there's limited seating during busy times.Everyone seems to be re-creating the orange sauce that comes from this place. Good quesadilla, but greasy and if you don't eat it fast, it gets soggy :(Meh. I've experienced better. but their orange sauce is really good!My first time in California, and this was one of the places I stopped by. I was told that I just HAD to try this place out. It was the best quesadilla I've ever eaten, even though it was my first time trying REAL authentic Mexican food (I've had Salvadorian though), this was one of the best foods I've eaten so far. I'm an extremely picky eater, so that should tell you something. When trying their foods, don't forget to put on their special orange sauce; it really enhances the flavor :)Dat orange sauce, my god.Only gripe is that the inside dining area is kind of small, but you work with what you got I guess. Super sad I am graduating from SJSU, but I will make it a point to come down here for some burritos and a bottle of orange sauce whenever possible.wow talk about inconsistency, went the other day and Tacos blew me away, came back and the quality went way down, not to sure about this place.#1 GUARANTEE: If you come between 1 to 3 AM on any given Friday or Saturday, there will be a fight. *clap clap* And that's probably the most consistency you'll get from this place.The quesidillas are amazeballs. Try the red-tortilla-wrapped super quesidilla. Other than that, everything is just mediocre. One day, the burrito will be bomb.com, the next day...whomp whomp whomp.The orange sauce has changed over the years, but it's still good. I keep hearing rumors it's now vegan? Either way, it's about 6 bucks if you want to splurge on a bottle. For my birthday, my friend gave me a bottle and we (stupidly) wasted it all in a night -- struggles of living in SoCal without orange sauce.I still prefer Iguana's to this place any day. Iguana's sauce is spicier, but La Vic's orange sauce ain't too shabby. I'll be a loyal customer so long as I keep clubbing till 2AM and nothing else is open.Really good, But man that sauce has increased heat over the years and other then the nachos being a little too stale you cannot go wrong with the quesadillas and tacosThe orange sauce is superb! The quesadillas are the way to go. Well-priced and quite filling. The burritos are pretty good too.All in all, besides the wait for food, this is probably the best Mexican food in the bay area. But a long wait means lots of customers and great food!The food is good cuz it's from the very few places that are open at 2amTwo words - ORANGE SAUCE!!! The food from here is not the best, its the sauce that really makes this place a San Jose legend, especially if you went to San Jose State! IMHO the original location on San Carlos still has the best and most consistent tasting  food and Orange sauce. I also think the food itself tasted better about 10 years ago! Now I find the Orange sauce is frequently more inconsistent. Some days it is quite spicy and other days it lacks flavor. The food here is just average, sometimes its even below average, depending on what you get. I tried the nachos several times and found them to be very disappointing. Stale, soggy and rubbery chips.Sorry, my asian friends. But La Vick's is turd. Might as well go to Taco Bell if you think being open late gives this place any prominence at all.All water. Got a chicken burrito. Chicken, water. Orance sauce, water. Nothing had flavor, everything was just watery. I take it the ones who give this place 4 stars are health nuts who SURREE like their water! Not me though, i am mexican, i dont like my mexican food tasting like water, i like it tasting con flavour.One star for the formatting, the super burrito i had stayed in place very well. i was impressed by it. i feel like i couldve eaten it upside down. i dont like burritos that give away too easily, so they got this right.One star for selling their bottled orange sauce. My favorite taqueria, El Sol Market (look it up) doesnt bottle their orange sauce (which is way better than Vic's cuz you can actually see the peppers in it instead of looking like horchata w/ color dye). So the closest thing i have to experience the orange sauce phenomenon at home  is settling with La Vic's bottle. meh.I expect better from this place. Carrying itself like it's the best taqueria in town. At least they keep me hydrated.Orange sauce is amazing... we always buy some to take home! Service is ok...Just really busy and ususally long waits.I can't say anything bad about la vics.I wish they used free range meats, but nobody does. (-1 star)I went 1/week for the past 2 months because that was as much as i could.2/week one week!Get the orange sauce, slather it on your food.I'm between the carne asada fries and carne asada super burrito.The fries make me feel guilty like i'm not eating a "real" meal, but they're both delicious.I've heard the Hayward location, which is closer to me isn't as good so i'm afraid to try it, but one night i'm sure i'll try it.They SERIOUSLY kick you out at 3, so be prepared.They also don't allow you to charge your iPhone using their outlets. :(This place is already legendary with over 2000 reviews. It's an adored joint by many SJSU students, and delivers good taqueria food. I came here upon the recommendation of a former SJSU student, and ordered the chicken regular burrito. I found it to be fairly large and absolutely delicious. The best part was that the chicken wasn't too oily nor did it carry any benign smell you may get at taquerias. The chicken to rice distribution was still in favor of meat, as I couldn't even finish the whole thing.It falls short, however, as they do not offer suadero (beef brisket) meat. Long live Taco Zone. Parking is a bit tough, and will usually require street parking. Otherwise the VTA isn't far. This place delivers, unlike the notion that somewhere in America MIley Cyrus is still twerking.Great for dank drunk food, and provides really good value.Orange sauce with quesadilla  the best !!!Orange Sauce.Huuuuuuge portions. Cheap. And open super late, beyond last call. Yes, it's by no means the best Mexican ever, but it's good enough for a mostly gringo audience. The orange sauce isn't bad either.Lots and lots of food. Cheap. Open super late. Good enough.Exercising great discipline - I come here 1-3 times per year, depending on which of my friends comes into town. I love this place, everything is so greasily-delicious!!! Don't come here if you're wanting some farmer's market - organic - no carb - healthy junk. Come here if you want an amazing burrito or juicy plate or nachos or a sensational quesadilla. Below is what I'd recommend you do:Sunday: Decide you want a delicious mealMonday: Hit the GymTuesday: Eat Everything on the La Vic's MenuWednesday: Hit the GymThursday: plan you next trip to La Vic'sLast piece of advice, shut up and take as much orange sauce as they'll give you! Don't be that-guy who asks "what's in it?".... my answer to that-guy is "Flavor!! Flavor is what's in it." Put orange sauce on everything, or just drink it straight from the bottle. Enjoy - carefully.The Orange Sauce alone will allow me to give this place a 4 star rating.  It's garlicy, it's spicy, it's delicious, and it's vegan!  I'm not vegan, but that's what it says on the bottle.  It does have a short shelf life, and must stay refrigerated, but I always make it a point to have one of these bottles at home at all times.  You can buy it from them for $6.  I goes good on everything, corn, chicken, steak, burgers, rice, and of course burritos.  Which leads me into my review of this establishment.It's a fast food that caters to SJSU town.  It's open late night, and food is affordable.  The burritos are huge, and very filling.  Most times I only eat half, maybe because I used half a bottle of orange sauce.  Warning...be prepared to burp garlic and spice for at least the next 24 hours after consuming their orange sauce.  I've tried a few different of their fillings, the chicken can sometimes be dry.  My top faves must be carnitas and carne asada.  I usually choose the super burrito because it has everything you would want in it!  I've also had their nachos, also good, and their tostada...which think is just ok.  I'd rater have a burrito over the tostada.  Staff is neither friendly nor unfriendly, they are just trying to get through the long like of drunken people. They are fast and efficient and that's what I would expect from a place like La Vic's.  Overall, I am hooked.  Mainly to this "Orange Sauce"  I'm not exactly sure what's in it but I don't really care to know.  They will see me back there whenever I'm in town.Yeahhhh, it's a good place to come to especially when you're drunk! Hahaha. The food is overall okay, but the thing that makes it really good is the infamous orange sauce, which they aren't stingy about! The only problem is, everything here is oily and fatty and you feel guilty after eating it, but that's just me. I like going here once in a while!Always pretty consistent fast Mexican food for the price!  The food is a little inconsistent, but the staff are great. Love the b-fast burritos!Orange sauce has crack in it!! It must be!!Burrito 3 stars. Orange sauce, 5 stars. Put that sauce on anything to make it taste amazing. It's roasty, fiery, delicious, spicy and sweet and tangy.Unlimited sauce if you eat there (small inside), limit of 3 small plastic containers of the sauce to go, and $6 to buy the sauce and take home. It can make a sock taste good.Get that sauce!Vegetarian?  Concerned about vegetarian stuff being cooked with meat stuff?  Don't eat some type of meat for religious reasons? Don't come here.  It's obvious that they are not careful about keeping things separate.Got a veggie burrito recently and there were very certainly chunks of pork on it, discovered after unwittingly biting into one and checking it out afterward. Classy. Good thing I recently became vegetarian so I'm not amazingly strict...I'm pretty sure other people would've given them a piece of their mind.Also, my stomach definitely complained the next day.Yikes.  I'm going to leave this place to the drunk college students, I think.This place is ok not great. It's cool because it's open late. The lines are allways long and take forever. There is no parking at all. Be careful you may get a ticket at the jack in the box.What can I say....La Vic was as much a part of my college experience as beer. LOVED this place and all the orange sauc eI could get.La Victoria (or, La Vic as it is known locally) has what I I would describe as a tragic tale of Mexican cuisine done *almost* right.  I remember the good old days, when trips downtown resulted in a delicious burrito of epic proportions.  To be perfectly honest, the burritos and tacos themselves were not astounding, but they were still GOOD.  And the orange sauce.  To this day, I believe the orange sauce reigns supreme in the Bay Area for Mexican.  La Vic was always packed full of people.  4pm, 7pm, 2am, doesn't matter.  There will be a crowd.  And maybe the crowd will be drunk, maybe not.  La Vic always took security seriously, with bouncers to make sure no one caused trouble.  I felt safe, and I enjoyed my experience almost every time.But, then the Almaden location opened.  The San Carlos restaurant was always the most consistently good, with the Santa Clara street location just a step behind, but Almaden La Vic missed the mark.  The tortillas were bland and stale, the meat just a step above edible, and nothing else really tasted fresh.  The Almaden location closed for a time for retraining, but I noticed a serious quality drop at both the downtown locations.  And now, I find that my stomach is consistently upset after a La Vic burrito.  It ain't the orange sauce -- I still regularly buy two bottles every few weeks, and use it liberally during my cooking to spice things up.  That's still wonderful.  But I can't help but feel disappointed every time I order actual food from any of the three La Vic locations.  My advice?  If you're hooked on the orange sauce like me, pick up some bottles, and satisfy your Mexican craving elsewhere.  Tu Mero Mole in south San Jose, Iguanas downtown, or even a Burrito Factory meal will treat you better than La Vic.The food is underwhelming if you're not drunk. I'll get to the sauce later. I got a carne asada quesadilla, and albeit large, it was kind of bland and really greasy. Maybe I sounded drunk (just finished a marathon study session at the empty library) so they decided to skip the QA on my food? I also had some of my friend's chicken burrito, and the chicken was dry and tasted a little burnt. They are incredibly generous with their portions, though. On a separate night, I had the carne asada fries. It was a large portion, as expected, but the fries were soggy and the carne asada was chewy. I was pretty buzzed too, so you know it was bad. Unfortunately, I was still 3 tequila shots away from it being passable. What a shame. What are they not generous with? THEIR SAUCE! Seriously, buy the bottle. Trying to smuggle it out and being called out, and possibly mauled, by the security guards? Not worth it. Even better, buy a bottle, and take it to a taqueria with better food!La Vics, one of San Jose's must try eateries! I've been here multiple times and I usually take my visiting friends here since they hear so much about it. My honest opinion, the only things that stands out about La Vic's is their Orange Sauce. I must admit I've only ever had their burrito and super flower quesadilla; out of the two I would recommend the super flour quesadilla. Their Burrito is pretty standard but their quesadilla has a nice flaky outside that's fried, grilled or whatever they do to it to perfection. Although it's bursting with flavor already, I drown every bite in sauce, but that's just me trying to get my moneys worth in orange sauce. If you want to take a bottle of orange sauce home to put on everything, it'll cost you $6 a bottle. I'm not sure what's actually in the sauce but its vegan. I swear sometimes its spicy and sometimes it's not, but try it for yourself. Service is okay, workers sometimes may come off slightly rude but its understandable if you're dealing with drunks all night.  I believe their Almaden location is open until 3am Thursday, Friday, Saturday.This is where you go when you want to get that quick-fix burrito. If you want a better burrito, take the extra 50 steps and go around the corner to Iguana'sLa Vic just celebrated their 15th anniversary with a whole day of live Mexican band playing in front of their taqueria place and horses parading left to right!  I am glad I witnessed this because I have never seen horses being able to march like a band person in a parade.  It was a sight to watch!I love this homely ambiance that this taqueria provides inside!Their food is great!  I must highlight that their warm, melted cheese and light toast of the quesadilla is super savory!  I have no complaints and will indubitably be back!Food Good, Prices decent, Orange Sauce  = the Bomb.  That sauce can go on everything.Amazing portions, rich unique taste, great portions for the combo meals, and boisterous environment. Really great place to grab a bite with the guys.Good tacos. The sauce is awesome. My to-go place for late night. Wish the place has more seats.. finding seat is pretty tough most timeTheir orange salsa is the best in San Jose. I have benn making Salsa for 15 years and greatly appreciate their consistencyLa Vics sauce for days.Food deserves a 3+, but the orange sauce pushes it to a 4. That sauce is crack and I'm addicted. I'm currently living in Monterey and had a huuuge craving for cheap mexican food. There's a huge lack of good Mexican food on the Monterey Peninsula, so this totally made up for it. I had a carne asada burrito that came fully loaded. The orange sauce is just the cherry on top. The asada was seasoned nicely and everything came together well. I will definitely be back!I came here late one night some some friends to grab a bite. The place is packed as hell!!! All the clubs are near by so everyone stops by here to eat.I had the Al Pastor burrito. It was actually quite nice. I didn't expect to enjoy it as much as I did. Other than the line and the ghetto ass area, the food here was pretty good.4 Stars!Been here 3 times. Each a disappointment. I don't know what the kids see in this place. My burritos had a poor taste each time. The orange sauce saved it, but it shouldn't be so. For one burrito I tried Al-Pastor. It tasted more like shredded chicken with burned chilies. Not very tasty.Breakfast burrito 99% rice and must have had only half an egg in the whole thing. Carne asada burrito is good if you like cheap cuts of beef and gristle. Too bad, I live within walking distance of this place and I don't think I'll go back.Worst food... If you order something veggie it will have chicken pieces.... do not go there..  Too expensive.... Dirty place... One sauce bottle among 7 peopleLa Vics is a really solid burrito but everybody knows that it's all about the orange sauce.  It's just delicious.this place closes at 12 am on the weekdays! the yelp info is wrong.. luckily i came here right at 1145 the cashier hurried us to order.. and still got our order wrong -.-guess we were rushing to get out so they can close that we didnt check our food. ohh well. i like the one near blossom hill better.The orange salsa is very good on top of everything here! Can't go wrong with LaVics!ORANGE SAUCE.  SUPER QUESADILLA. HORCHATA.Need I say more? SOOOO BOMB. Always a favorite if I'm in San Jo. Definitely a big hub for SJSU students at night though, so the line might be quite long. But the Super Quesadilla is definitely well worth the wait. Try the lengua (beef tongue), douse it in orange sauce, and wash it down with horchata. Thats what I'm talkin about!I guess over the years La Vics has finally received a 4 star from me. I really prefer this location over the location on Santa Clara St. I am in love with their orange sauce, just like everyone else. I love their chicken burritos and chicken tacos. Their regular tacos are huge here! I wonder how big their super tacos would be!!! In love with La Vics words cannot even describe. Their orange sauce really does make everything better! I really like their quesidillas too, it's so good I want to savor it by eating it with a knife. Love, love, love. My boyfriend has never tried the orange sauce and he doesn't want to. I don't know why, but he still likes his carne asada taco without orange sauce, so I guess La Vics tacos are that good. Carnita fries are a must too, even though I haven't had it in a long time. Very good just tell them no tomatoes I hate tomatoes.Overall La Vics had to be one of my top 5 taqueria's in San Jose!Burritos Regular or Breakfast BOMBTacos BOMBCanita Fries BOMBBOMB BOMB BOMB BOMBEven since the quesadillas got a lot smaller...I order the burritos now. Its pretty much like other burrito places, but what makes this place so good is the orange sauce. I love the spicy orange sauce. I know a friend that bought a bottle of it and puts it on everything including her salad. The place got redecorated it, and looks a lot more spacious now.Ventured to the Santa Clara location one drunken Saturday evening and nibbled at a burrito that satisfied me on a utilitarian caveman caloric intake level, but did not humor my evolved 21st century domesticated hipster sensibilities.  Went to this one today to celebrate my friend's PR on her half marathon, and savored  what has to be one of the best burritos I have ever had---tender, flavorful steak with moist rice, and sauce as good as it is said to be.  A welcomed reprieve from the widespread mediocrity that is Mexican food in Oakland, and a check off the list of 'Places To Eat At In San Jose".The food Is alright, nothing to quite fuss over. Everything taste fresh, but not "AMAZING". I'll go back whenever my other options don't deliver.I came here one night with a friend to get some midnight food. I ordered a nacho cheese fries, my friend got a super taco, both with carne asada. The Food was delicious. Everything was great until we tried order the drinks. I originally wanted to get the fruit drink but they were all out of the one I wanted, so I just asked for water. They didn't provide cups for water and had to charge for each refills of the fountain drink. Who the hell charges people for refills? I settle for a weird fruit drink that tasted like medicine.This was my go-to taqueria when I was working at San Jose State.  Fast, inexpensive, and good service.  The offerings aren't as elaborate as Iguana around the corner, but if you just want a plain burrito, I find this place better and more flavorful.I love this place because it is SOOOO close to campus. The food here is really good. The flavor of the meats are excellent. Its a little bit on the greasy, but hey! Thats whats so good about it. hehe. In addition to the flavorful meats, the orange sauce mixed with the food is amazing. I recommend buying a bottle of your own so you can use it at home with your other foods.My favorites are the Super Burrito and the carne asada fries (no pico de gallo). The pico de gallo makes the fries super soggy right away. Also, ask for not too much nacho cheese. It makes a difference.The reason why this place doesn't get a 5* is because of the wait. On a normal school day, the lines aren't too long. But when you really crave a burrito, like at night or after the club, the lines are ridiculous.The "sauce" makes the dish and they count on it!  Zero parking.Definitely my favorite Mexican Taqueria. Always busy with long lines but it doesn't take long at all to get your food. I always order the Super Burrito, the name lives up to what it is. Its absolutely delicious and their Orchata is my favorite! You HAVE to eat your food with the Orange Sauce. It is their specialty and its so damn good! LOVE LOVE LOVE!The SAUCE IS EVERYTHING! It will be a typical burrito without the orange sauce but when you add that orange sauce its MIND BLOWING! Its seriously the best sauce I have tasted! My husband always tells me "the sauce is everything!" and it certainly is. PRO:-Decent prices-Orange Sauce (fireworks in my mouth ^_^)-Clean PlaceCONS: -Chips for an extra charge-BusyThis place is delicious. I ordered the super burrito with chicken. I practically inhaled the whole thing. I'm not sure if it was the munchies but I remember thinking it was the best burrito of my life. My cousins enjoyed their dishes as well.It gets pretty packed when the bars close but the line moves fast. I would come back when I'm in the area.orange sauce. that is all.I really don't know why everyone loves this place! The famous orange sauce is not that great taste like oil and fat. Its always busy no where to sit, and the staff is rude. Overrated place.Tacos & Orange Sauce!  Air Tight!Get the tacos and definitely the Orange Sauce.  Huge amounts of meat in two corn tortillas.  ORANGE SAUCE is the flavored hot, delicious lube on all that meat you can't wait to put in your mouth.  Savor every bit then swallow.  Monkey full on two CARNE ASADA tacos.  Very full!  Burritos anywhere is all rice + little meat.  Same thing here.  Stick to the tacos.  Monkey come during the sweet spot at 330pm on Saturday...  Nobody here.  Perfect.  Ohh La Vic...  Very clean establishment.  Everything wiped down and mopped during slower hours.  Grab the key at register for the toilet.  When your ass burns the next day, you'll say it again...  Ohh La Vic!La Vic's  does not provide free tap water after midnight! This is ridiculous as water is a natural right to life! They are simply cheap and don't understand the concept of customer service!Love this place. Ordered Super Burrito Lengua meat ;) 5 tacos Carne asada sprinkle some of there amazing delicious mouth watering orange sauce and it melts in your mouth. Service is always great fast and friendly the girls there are always in a rush to get your order ready for you. Its always packed which sucks cause i have to wait for my food but i stand all day at work so why not here lol. Always i mean Always asf for the orange sauce.In high school, the boys used to play a game called Don't Let the Orange Sauce Touch the Table. Everyone was a winner.The food is mediocre without the sauce. Now, I only go for the super quesadillas.A great late-night stop for some easy and cheap mexican food. I'm a fan of their burritos, but not so much of the infamous orange sauce.This is definitely the best Mexican food I've had in the Bay Area, but that's not saying much. I did like their super burrito, but the second time I came here I got the nacho fries. I guess they're the closest thing to carne asada fries around here, and they were okay. The nacho cheese kind of kills it, actually. They should just replace it with regular cheese. Like everyone else has said, it's the orange sauce that really makes everything tasty. But ehh, I was visiting from Hawai'i where there is no Mexican food, and beggars can't be choosers.Mind blown after I got their breakfast burrito and now my body pretty much runs on La Vic's breakfast egg and bacon burrito topped off with tons of orange sauce. In fact, now whenever I'm in downtown San Jose to pick up my boyfriend, I end up at La Vic's and I'm pretty sure I eat there at least once or twice a week. Had their regular/super burritos, and I think they're pretty ok. Actually I'm lying I don't remember what their burritos taste like. I'm sure they were ok.Not bad taqueria style food, if it wasn't for the notorious orange sauce this place would be pretty typical. Everytime we go there my friends and I discuss how they claim the sauce is vegan. I swear there's dairy in it.Went here for the first time today. Had steak tacos and the orange sauce. And I'm in love . So good. I'm addicted. I found out they sell it too. I gotta buy me some .Always great late night drunk food here.  Can't complain much about anything here.I'm pissed. I've been coming to la Vic's for quite some time now and it had always been suitable for me but I guess things have changed. The seating is very limited but they gratefully have opened the upstairs now when necessary. The food isn't even authentic tasting. They rush your order and I think that's why I had such HORRIBLE stomach pains. I ordered the quesadilla with carne esada, which I get every time I go, and I swear I had the most abominable, run for the hills diarrhea I've ever had in my life.If you want to end your night early with endless, painful crapping, go here.If you wear Depends and aren't worried about exploding in your pants, go here.If you don't tho, there's a perfectly good Philly cheese steak joint on the corner that's delicious and also Iguanas. Hope this helped!Never going back here again. I used to love coming here all the time until now. The last few visits consisted of waiting twice as long for my food because they got my order wrong. Not only do their employes have no personality but I just got to find out that they're rude as well. During my last visit I had to go up and get my order corrected once again and instead of just fixing it they argued with me about it. I can honestly say that I've never been treated with such disrespect at a restaurant before in my life. If the owner is reading this I highly suggest you fire that little wannabe tough puta with the hoop earrings.I'm honestly not a fan of La Vics. Nothing really catches my attention here, the only thing I like is that it's open late night, and it's great drunk food. The orange sauce is alright to me. It gives the food a creamy and spicy feel to it, and that's about it. I can do without it. It's also so crowded here. The only time I come here is when my friends want drunk food, and they pick La Vics.The infamous La Vics that gets super crowded late at night when the party animals are starving after a night in downtown San Jose. This location especially gets super crowded and busy since it is less than a block from San Jose State and a few blocks away from all the bars and dance clubs. There is very limited seating unless they open upstairs seating. If not, it looks like you are standing up.What I usually get is the Super Burrito with carne asada. It is pretty big and you can definitely split it with another person. If you do to go, you will get little containers of their infamous orange sauce. If you eat in, then they will hand you the jug of orange sauce. You will notice that they never have them lying around at the tables because people will steal them. The sauce is as good as people say and really adds a nice kick to the burrito. When I first went to La Vics, I wasnt very impressed by the burrito or the sauce because it just tasted whatever. I gave this place a second chance and I dont know what I was thinking in the beginning. The burrito is so gooey with the meat and cheese and guacamole and the sauce makes it every more deliciously gooey. It definitely hits the spot late at night.**TIPS**1) If you really love the sauce, you can buy it for about $6 or so. 2) You cant go wrong with the Super Burrito with carne asada!3) Good luck finding parking around downtown San Jose. It is a toughie.4) Enjoy!Service:The cashier and the other employees are nice, no complaints.Food:I've only tried the super burrito and I would have to say it is delish and to top it off the orange sauce makes it even more addicting and good.Huge fan definitely a regular here!The sauce. Need I say more? Always super good & super fast. People are friendly and keep on smiling-even when dealing with drugs at 2am or later. I love all of their locations but esp the one in Redwood City, up on the peninsula no one knows the treasure that they have & it is never packed. A nice change compared to the tendency of the other locations to be busy most of the time.This place is alright. The quality of the food got worse over the past few years. I noticed that their sauce is inconsistent.The service is below average. The workers are usually very unfriendly and don't care for customers at all. They are often very busy, but even at the times when they are not busy, they always have a very bad attitude towards their customers. They raised the price recently and stopped giving student discounts to SJSU students. Definitely getting a lot worse.I came here for lunch and ordered a pollo asada burrito after hearing so much hype about this place, from both friends and all 2000+ of the Yelp reviews.  However, I soon realized that probably more than half of these reviews were written by people who were probably either drunk or under the influence of something.  The chicken was pretty dry, and the overall burrito was only average after dousing it with the orange sauce, which is pretty damn good. I'm not sure if they do this, but if they could just mix the orange sauce in the burrito already, that would make the burrito that much better. If I were to come back (and I only would if I was in the area), then I would probably try the super carne asada quesadilla that many people have raved about.  But until then, La Bamba or Los Churros in my hometown Mountain View will do.Went today for the 3rd time this month. Can't stop raving about the orange sauce. I ordered a super taco and super burrito this time. Changed my order to black beans instead of the pinto ones. This is where they lose the star because the black beans tasted undercooked (hard).Otherwise, the burrito was excellent and so was the taco!Perhaps by far one of the best place to get Mexican food! I love their quesadillas and their burritos so much! People seem to love the orange sauce alone, but I think it's better when you use both their orange sauce and their tomatillo sauce together. Mmm, delicious!! I usually order their super flour, super corn, or their burritos. You can't go wrong with La Vic's! It's bomb! And they're open pretty late too, which is awesome! Great for a late night munch!Contrary to popular opinion, I didn't like the carne asada fries I ordered. The meat had no flavor and tasted nearly bitter to me. The cheese and fries were overwhelming. The wait wasn't too bad but there's not enough tables to contain downtown San Jose on a given evening. They were also stingy on the sauces and utensils. That meant I had to continuously ask for the same items from the employees at least five times because to them, a tiny container the size of contact lens case was supposed to be enough sauce to feed five people.The food here is best for after drinking. If you're sober, it's a bit underwhelming mexican food. However, the famous orange sauce fixes everything.The orange sauce is super yummy and addicting. It can turn an underwhelming mexican burrito into an amazing on. You can buy the orange sauce and take it home! It's really that good. I've eaten many other foods with it... pizza, pot stickers, grilled cheese sandwiches, burgers...It gets pretty packed on friday nights and saturday nights. The line usually goes by pretty quick... usually...I'll come back if I go drinking in downtown SJ! Yumm now I want orange sauce!Oh Orange Sauce...how I love thee. Living across the street from La Vics for more than 5 years was dangerous...I wanted to eat there EVERY DAY! You cant go wrong with a breakfast burrito or Carne Asada Fries/Nachos, doused in Orange Sauce of course!Whenever I am craving Mexican, La Vic's is the first place I head to.*My bf went here and told me this story so I am and may be biased*However, this chick who looks the youngest working there with harsh eyebrows really made him feel uncomfortable and here is why.He ordered a super burrito and is not fan of beans(I am not either) so we always get no beans and more rice with burritos in general.He just asks her to make sure that she gives him no beans and more rice instead and her response is "I'll just charge you more then" Excuse me? This girl just not just gave him a hard time and cost him extra money for her lazinessbut also punished him for asking her to not put beans in his food.Her answer was "we don't do substitutes" B*itch please tell me what he substituted other than subtracting and adding what he obviously deserves.You obviously don't know how to do math.Train your employees because this business is full of crap. And trust me, I will be spreading the word to stay away from this place :)Business WILL suffer because of employees like this.This is one of the only places open late night in downtown where you can actually walk in and sit down, we had just left a concert with a bunch of friends and were able to come in and get our midnight snack, which was fresh and tasty, great place for those late night cravings.Great eats for a great price...  traditional mexicanThis place is alright! the chili is the 3 stars and the food is 1 star, me personally  I dont like american mexican food. It's ok food not my 1st pick but ya i would eat it again.Had tacos with their famous orange sauce. I'm not entirely sure what everyone sees in going so fanatical for this orange sauce. It's sauce. It's orange. Anyhoo, I probably won't be back.THE ORANGE SAUCE!!!!! I didn't know why people raved about the orange sauce until I tried it! It gives the burrito an extra kick and makes every bite juicy with a hint of spicy. The regular carne asada burrito is really really good and so is the quesadilla. It's on a different level from the Taco Bell quesadillas I'm used to eating. They have a green sauce too and it tastes kind of like salsa. Not as good as the orange sauce, but still good! AND just to clarify, I have gone to this restaurant sober every single time, so I can only imagine what it would taste like buzzed. This is one of my favorite burrito places because of the orange sauce, and I recommend it to anyone who likes their burritos nice and juicy!Alright let's just be real here for a minute.If there were ever a bachelor's degree in taqueriology, every employee here would have a doctorate in the same subject.The food is cheap, the employees are on point with their specialized tasks and the orange sauce flows freely like the salmon of capistrano.Any salty, meaty, cheesy, refried frijole'd out craving you have...instantly demolished when you eat here.  Its a great place to eat at any time of the day.   Respect the Orange sauce.When I use to live in SJ, this was our go to place for quick cheap Mexican food. Loved their suizas! We were here a couple days ago on a business trip and thought we give it another try. It seems like it went downhill. Service & food. The orange sauce is not so orange anymore. It used to be "orange." Now, its more like a peach color. Maybe this batch they used more mayo??? Fattening. Not that spicy. Still tastes good, but not as good like before. The burrito was decent. There was no sour cream & guacamole when we asked for it :( The service was kind of slow. Lots of rowdy college students at night. No parking. I had to park on the yellow zone and wait for my bf to pick up his food to go. Ugh. Seems like forever just for him to order & wait for the food. Feel bad parking on the side street. Always on the lookout for parking patrol man to drive by but he didn't. Whew. Metered parking are almost always filled up. There's always a medical ambulance truck parked on the island street. Busy street. I'm done with this location. It's been awhile haven't been to the one on Santa Clara street. Maybe the service there is better. Who knows. HOpefully food will be better next time around.Not the best burrito ever,                Not very friendly staff,Prices too high for burritos :/I could see how people would rave about this place, which makes me feel bad about giving it a 1 star. But please read on to understand why I gave La Victoria Taqueria a 1. I arrived around 8pm on a Saturday night. The "restaurant" basically looks like a frat house, which is kind of cool, but it meant that it would be packed inside. The line was all the way to the door, and the wait was about 20 minutes. They had someone take orders as we waited in line, which was nice and helped get the line going. It would also be helpful for them to put a sign that said you need the key to go to the restroom. I literally waited outside the restroom for 10 minutes..thinking someone was inside. I even knocked on the restroom door, but it was so loud that I couldn't hear if someone was in there. The restroom was also a MESS. No toilet paper or paper towels..And paper towels all over the floor. I ordered a chicken burrito, and for the price it was reasonable. Now down to the food itself, I come from Socal so I eat a good deal of Mexican food. I thought this was mediocre and frankly did not find it amazing as I thought it would be. The orange sauce was okay to me, which was disappointing because that is what everyone raves about. The burrito was a tad spicy for me too. Now the main reason I gave this place 1 star is as I was eating my burrito, I bit into what I though was a piece of chicken..a really hard un-bitable piece. But as I pulled it out of the burrito, it happened to be a BROWN PAPER TOWEL IN MY BURRITO..Totally ruined my appetite I'll say. I would have gone back to tell the restaurant but I already left and didn't want to wait in that long line again. I included a photo on Yelp of the paper that I found in my burrito. I am quite an understanding person, and accidents happen. But I couldn't imagine if I began to swallow this paper and could have choked on it. I am hoping someone from La Vic's will see this review, and make their burritos a little more cautiously next time. I know you are trying to make your food fast, but DON'T SACRIFICE QUALITY OVER QUANTITY. I feel like I should give it another shot, but I don't expect to be in the area anytime soon..Boyfriend and I were staying at the San Jose Marriott up the street and didn't want to pay their outrageous room service prices so we headed down San Carlos St in search of a place for some late night din-din. We came across La Victoria and the place was packed so we decided to give it a shot. Plus it was one of the few places still open!I got the super nachos with Adobada - it was good, much diff. than the nachos I am used to from Robertos where I live (Las Vegas, NV)  they use the round tortilla chips in this one and the guacamole seemed a bit more processed (much greener in color)  the cheese tasted like nacho cheese sauce which was great for me because I love nacho cheese. Adobada meat was tasty, the only downside was by the time I got back to the hotel room my nachos had pretty much melted into a huge glob, it was all mushy from all the guacamole and sour cream and cheese. Def. not the best nachos I ever tried but they hit the spot and were hot and fresh.Boyfriend opted for the carne asada tacos.... can we say BOMB?!  everything about them was great, I was bummed I didn't get those for myself! Luckily he loves me and gave me one of his =)  The orange sauce was ridiculously good and had a spicy kick to it. Wish I would of taken pictures to share but after walking around San Francisco for 5 hours we were too hungry and tired and just gobbled the food up and called it a night.I guess everyone knows about the Orange Sauce already, but i'm going to say it again. It's really good, yummy and tasty. I like to add it to my burrito's as it helps keep it moist. Carne Asada is super good and there easy on the fat content. Would go again.The carne asada fries are amazing. I'd recommend sharing them with a friend if you have room for more after your burrito. I usually order the shredded chicken quesadilla and am never disappointed. It comes wrapped in tin foil which can be disappointing if you take it to go. I HIGHLY recommend the orange sauce. I usually buy a bottle to take home with me so I can add it to any dishes that I make at home. Great Mexican food that's open late and always satisfies my cravings.I've gotten food poisoning from here....twice. BUT I CAN'T STOP EATING HERE.Super carne asada burrito with no beans, pleasseee.Orange sauce, everything. Every bite. Every time.Love that they're close to SJSU campus and that they're open late. Great carne asada fries, burrito, and quesadilla!La Victoria is famous for their amazing orange sauce! Anytime I'm near downtown San Jose, it is a must for me to stop by and pick up something to eat. I highly recommend their super chicken quesadilla, which I order without salsa because I don't like it getting runny. A few other items that I have tried from the menu are the super carne asada burrito and carne asada taco, which are really yummy as well. They also serve breakfast items which I've been meaning to try, and might do so during my next visit. Whether I'm going to dine in or take it to-go, I always call my order in so that I don't have to wait for them to make my food. As a warning, the restaurant is really small (which they have expanded by adding an upstairs dining area), and on friday and saturday nights after the clubs close, expect it to be reallyyyyy packed with drunk people who are anxious to eat. There was one time that I was craving La Vics and it happened to be a saturday after midnight, so I called in my order in as usual, and when I got there (in my pajamas might I add), it was literally shoulder to shoulder packed with people and I still had to wait in line just to pay for my food. Aside from that, I highly recommend trying out this taqueria especially if  you happen to be in the downtown San Jose area. And as a side note, whenever I buy a bottle of their delicious orange sauce, I eat it with pretty much everything....pizza, fries, and anything else I think it might taste good with LOLMy boyfriend and I finally came here to satisfy us from the hype of their orange sauce and burritos. One, I can't hear when my order is called (it's not even busy), two, the orange sauce at Iguanas is 10x better! La Vic's' "orange" sauce is too watered down. My boyfriend is from San Diego where there are taco shops everywhere and breakfast burritos are $3.50 for a bigger burrito AND they have flavor. From La Vic's? $8 with no flavor whatsoever. It was bland and tasteless! Yuck. Go Iguanas! Plus, Iguanas has better service, nicer people, and better location.Mention La Vics to any of the locals and most likely "orange sauce" will come up sooner or later in the conversation.  For example, "omg, u got to try the orange sauce" or "don't forget to ask them for some extra orange sauce".  And they are dammmmn right about it.I mean, don't get me wrong... La Vics got a lot of great dishes and nothing I ordered there ever disappointed me.  But man does the orange sauce make it just that much better.A dear friend of mine also recommend that I give their "green sauce" a try, so I did!!  Perhaps not as crazy good as the orange one, but it is refreshing and good in it's way.  So what I end up doing is alternating between the two sauce for each bite.  A bite with the orange, a bite with the green... this is food porn and i am apparently addicted to this type of porn :PI came here to try their hyped up "orange sauce," and its not as good as I thought it would be. It just has a spicy taste to it and nothing more. It didn't make me crave more for it. I had the pollo (chicken) taco, and it had chunks of fat in it. The taco was okay but the pieces of fat weren't. I don't think I will ever come back here.over-priced and over-hypedThe Orange Sauce. Yes it's pretty darn good.  The burritos? Well being open so late, when the clubs and bars let out probably helps their reviews.  Heck I used to think 7-11 nachos with chili and cheese out of a pump were good--when I was stumbling back home after drinking.   That's probably why there are so many good reviews of this place.The burritos are OK.  Not great.   And-- and--- mushy carnitas?  Who is the babosa making the carnitas here?  Mushy?  No no no.   Not acceptable.  I'd rather have the too crispy and kinda dry carnitas I've had at another place than these mushy slimy carnitas.Boring food and rude staff.  Great taste after nine beers"The food is ok but the orange sauce is addicting!!! The prices are okay tooa really good taqueria. I recommend the CARNE ASADA fries you can share with a friend(s) or the super burrito/quesadilla. I think what they're most known for is their orange sauce which is like a spicy sauce that really enhances the food. Yum.I dont know what all the fuss is about? La Victoria? Really? The only thing "La Vic" has worthwhile is their signature "orange" sauce. We went a couple of times (to give them the benefit  of the doubt from our first experience!),& will not go again. We tried their carne asada quesadillas, & burritos, which are ok, but don't get chorizo tacos!! I bit into greasy, flavorless ground beef thinking it was chorizo! nasty! If you've ever tried chorizo, it's definately not ground beef! Anyways, my wife still has "La Victoria wanna-be chorizo taco" flashbacks,& cringes!I have dreams about the orange sauce here,    no joke.   and I AM SO GLAD YOU CAN BUY IT BY THE BOTTLE : ) however,   the rest of the tacqueria menu is better if its past midnight,  and you have had a few drinks of liquor in your system.  if youre eating here for lunch or breakfast the burritos are filling,   and it is a good all around taco place,    The only reason i come back is for the sauce though.Yes, the orange sauce is as good as people claim. This is the place to go late at night so I guess sometimes it tastes better then than during the day. If you live in San Jose, you have to check this place out at least once. It's good.Okay, this review is just for the orange sauce.  I love sauce!  And this orange sauce is freaking awesome!I honestly don't really remember the food I eaten here, so that must mean is was just okay.  Or I was super stressed and mindlessly eating comfort food.  But what I do remember is the orange sauce! This is the best sauce for burritos, tacos, etc.  You can buy bottles of the orange sauce.  I bought a total of 4 bottles over the last month: 1 for a friend and 3 for me!  It's soo tasty; it's creamy and spicy.  The spicy level seems inconsistent, sometimes medium to hot or super hot.  I'm not sure if my taste buds are just confused and are getting used to the spiciness or what, but I don't care; the sauce it super flavor and yummy every time.  I use sauce on salads, eggs, sandwich, and a bunch or random stuff.  Basically the food is just a means of eating the sauce.Overall, try the orange sauce!!First timer here and my friend order me a quesadilla. It was pretty good at first but I got tired of it soon because it was pretty big. So I had it Togo and ate it after. Yes it is good, good for my cravings. I will come back here to try more. I also had fries which was pretty good. Will come back when I crave Mexican food! Although I was craving horchata but when I drank it here, it taste like powder ! EhhhhhI can only give this place 3 stars even though I thought the food was delicious. However, I was pretty drunk and craving their food I heard so much about. My quesadilla was very delicious but overly greasy. As an SF native, this place is no better than some of the good places in The MIssion.Ah...mixed feelings about this place. If I could, i'd give it a 3.5 star rather than 4. The food was undoubtedly delicious, however, I would not recommend coming here when you're really hungry. It might just be because I didn't order correctly, but I got the corn quesadilla, and it was rather small...Get it to go, it's easier to eat since they wrap it up nicely in aluminum foil (:Oh, and their nacho fries are pretty good, although the taste of it gets boring after a while...One last thing, ORANGE SAUCE. Ask for extra orange sauce, you won't regret it I promise!Being an Iguana's fan, I might be a bit biased, but sometimes I do prefer La Vic's. It's not the best place for Mexican food, in my opinion (but neither is Iguana's.) However, like Iguana's, it is open late and downtown so I can't complain about that! This place gets really crowded close to last call though so be ready to wait in line for a bit. Some of my friends are def. Team La Vic's and swear this place is way better than Iguana's, but honestly, they taste fairly similar to me. Some portions are smaller at La Vic's, though.Orange Sauce baby!!! Throw it on a dead cow, I bet its going to be the best cow you ever tasted :)ORANGE SAUCE! Best sauce around by far, often imitated never duplicated. However the food can be somewhat overdone or old depending on when you go, I would recommend going around breakfast lunch or dinner to ensure fresh food and you will not be disappointed.Came here the 2nd time today, yup La Vic's won't disappoint. This time, I decided to get the Lengua Super Flour Quesadilla for togo. The price is pretty cheap, ~$4.50Well, Lengua was WET, which it was suppose to be, since I thought it was more dried like the Asian version. Anyways, got it togo but decided to eat there, when I open the foil wrap, Jesus, it was VERY messy, wet and soggy. BUT the smell was delicious.The taste was very good, and very filling, the lengua tasted really wet lol.Uhm, but the quesadilla is very good by itself, no need for sauces, but with sauce would make it a bit more tasty. I also think that from now on, I'll get the quesadilla, just for the taste. I think it's a lot better than the burrito, taste wise and cost wise. Overall, go try their quesadilla! Next time I'll either try their Carne Asada or Al Pastor.towards the end of my last minute nor cal trip, the boyfriend brought me to la vic's because it was his go to mexican spot growing up.  totally thought it was a mexican food place being run out of someone's house at first hee hee.the orange sauce is really the only thing that makes it stand out from any other place.  ordered a carne asada taco, tostada, burrito and nacho fries.  i genuinely enjoyed every order, except the super fries could have come with less cheese...  when i got to the bottom, the fries were more like mush due to all the cheese that had been doused on..  i know you're all probably like wtf, less cheese?!  personally, i don't care for cheese to begin with.. especially when it's the kind that come on nachos, but if you love nacho/cheese then you're in for a treat!now on to the sauce.  i literally threw that shit on top of everything.  and then went back for seconds, and thirds because the sauce is seriously, bomb.  like i said, if it hadn't been for the orange sauce, the food would have been pretty mediocre.  apparently, you can buy bottles to go, but i was not aware of this til i got home. would definitely go back next time i'm in san jose (:It's been about over a decade since I've been here. I'm talking about back in the day when my BFF lived down the street off of 4th, when Agenda's/Beehive was the SPOT(s), when we would go clubbin & end up @ either Iguana's or this spot for after hours grub - yes, it's been THAT long. But I saw all the great reviews again & couldn't remember if I liked it or not, but I should've known that if I couldn't remember, then most likely it was for a reason! lolCame here on a Saturday night w/ a few friends of ours & it was elbow to elbow packed with the usual - college kids & that sort - clubbers, skaters, stoners, everything - you name it. For how packed it was, I'm not gonna lie - I was defnitely amazed at the speed - they pushed out my order prob within 15-20 minutes of us being there in the middle of the chaos. I did ask for extra orange sauce though since all the reviews said that was what they were known for....we  all went outside & ate in the front - literally, while standing. LOLI have to be honest - I definitely have had better & the orange sauce wasn't all that great. It was kind of watery to be honest but all of the hype - was overexaggeration if you ask me. My burrito was even a bit dry...& I could find a bunch of reasons or excuses to why this was so but for me it's either HIT or MISS. I probably won't go through all of the trouble again for a burrito...it wasn't memorable for a reason..sorry LaVic's!After being herded like cattle out of the bars around 1:30am this place is god-send.The food sober is bleh, but after a serious rage session downtown San Jose this place is something out of a story book.The orange is said is amazing. You can put it on everything.  Drench that burritto in that Sauce. You may pay for it the next day but in the end "WORTH IT!"Seating is limited and you gotta pay for refils.Pro-tip: go hammered probably enjoy the food a lot more. Also have someone else reserve a table while you order. "Team work makes dream wqork!"I came here today to buy 4 bottles of the orange sauce for my family in Southern California. I just saw a pregnant woman buy 2 bottles as well. She referred to it as "liquid crack" when another customer asked why people were buying bottles of this sauce? $6 per bottle. And... It's vegan!!!!Last time I was here was with my friends after a night of dancing and drinking a few weeks ago. I used to come here all the time when I was in HS and college and all I'd here about is their orange sauce. It never was all that great to me until this most recent visit. It's been a while, the orange sauce on my Super Carne Asada burrito and it was so YUMM!! More and more of it too!! It wasn't because I was drunk that it tasted any better because I'm writing this review after the fact :)Only thing I dislike about this place is the parking and lack of seats. That hasn't changed and I don't expect it to because regardless that won't change how delicious their orange sauce is!!As much as I love their orange sauce, I still had to give this place a 2 star because their taco is not that good. I ordered the super burrito and the steak comes out dry and hard, it just didn't taste right. I took one bite and had to throw it out ..believe it or not. The taco truck is way betterNot bad for lunch. My friend raves about this place and it's "orange sauce". Apparently, La Vic's has quite the cult following. I'd eat here again but not like it's much different from other burrito joints.Seating can be limited during lunchtime, upstairs portion has no ventilation or PA system, so you have to strain to listen for your number or just go down and check periodically. This location just renovated downstairs and has a locked bathroom. It's not authentic mexican food, but if you want a quick flour quesadilla or burrito on a college budget you can go here. I usually eat their chile verde green sauce instead of the orange sauce because it makes me go into food coma. Friendly to vegetarians, open early, good for a casual lunch.Great place for drinks when you're in the down town area.  The service is marginal but the food and drinks make up for the little bit of waiting you have.Many late nights here in my "younger" days. Solid cheap mexican food after enjoying the SJ nightlife scene.So recenlty the bottles of sauce at La Vic's has been slapped with a sticker that says "It's Vegan".Bwoosh. Mind = Blown. I've eaten at La Vic's since high school, probably some time in 2005. If the other reviews didn't tip you off, it is known for its orange sauce. This sauce has an amazingly unique taste and it goes well with so many things. Buy a bottle for yourself and try it on all kinds of food and you will see that it goes well with EVERYTHING. Sushi, hot dogs, fast food, meat, whatever. If I were vegan I could happily eat brocolli and tofu with orange sauce for days. (Days before I realized the error of my ways and switched back to eating meat, that is)Back in high school I looked at Yelp threads and random message boards where everyone was trying to guess what exactly was in the famous orange sauce. People who claimed they worked at La Vic's said the hidden ingredient was lard/pork grease. Well looks like these internet trolls had us all for fools. I dunno what the hell's in the sauce or how it's vegan, but just know that it is delicious AND the only reason to go here.This place is open late, and is a go-to spot for downtown SJ drunkees after a concert or game at HP pavilion or a night out at any of our fine Asian/Mexican dominant, sausage-fest bars and clubs. As for the food: Their tacos are bland. Their meats are bland. Their Al Pastor is especially bad. Saltier than the Dead Sea, I kid you not. Their burritos often have very uneven distribution so you will end up taking bites of just rice and beans. The one item I like here is the super quesadilla. Unlike quesadillas at most taquerias, it's wrapped more like a flat burrito. I dunno how to explain what it looks like, but it's good (and often very messy).With my dislike for the food, you would think I would give this place a low rating, and yet I am giving this place 4 stars. I would rate this as a 2 star taqueria. The sauce alone gives this place 2 extra stars.  If I want a real good burrito or quesadilla, there are a lot of places I consider better than La Vic's. There is a reason why so many taquerias in San Jose have tried to create their own orange sauce though. The sauce is the boss.La Vics used to be the best place to go to. Five years ago! Now, Orange Sauce is watered down, burritos taste like dirt, and customer service is terrible. Iguanas is the number one spot to go to for burritos in downtown San Jose. La Vics needs to dig up its recipe of the past and serve up the old-fashioned non-watered down orange sauce.This place is awesome! Best drunk food ever! Super corn quesadillas are awesome!Also, carne asada fries when drunk with friends is the greatest thing ever!!!!I really love the steak super burrito here, It's DELICIOUS!! However, the chicken here is not that great... it's too stringy and stretchy and it takes me like 6 hours to chew through it, sort of like the steak at chipotle except it's the chicken here that's hard to chew! Also sometimes the steak is overcooked and that really ruins the burrito..Overall a good place to buy a burrito.Well this review goes out to not only the restaurant but also for the security guards that seem to be meandering the area!  If there was an option to pick no star I would have picked that.  I and three other friends all in either suit and ties for the men and the ladies in formal wear decided to enjoy some burritos.  We had ordered and had sit down to wait for our food.  Once the food arrived two security guards approached us and the African American security guard told us that we had to leave.  We all looked at him and said we had just received our food and that we were going to eat it.  He insisted that we had to leave, with no explanation, and we simply said no.  He picked up our food and threw it out the front door of the restaurant so I proceeded to the order line to ask for our money back.  I was told that they were not responsible for the security guards (bad idea & horrible customer service) so they would not refund us our money.  I approached security guard to ask if he was on drugs or just crazy to only be grabbed and thrown down the stairwell that leads up to the restaurant.  Luckily (?) I did not break my neck as i flew down the stairs or any other bones!  There was a SJ police officer that witnessed as this young man threw me down the stairs and he ran up to ask him why he had done this.  He scolded him for a few minutes with all ending that I would press charges against him.  I did suffer and continue to suffer a bruised heel bone that has canceled the last 9 weeks of running.  I would reconsider if you are thinking of visiting this restaurant because of treatment received by security guards and by the lack of customer service that La Victoria staff displayed.SergioI love the orange sauce (Vegan) - it is the main reason I come here. The "Super Cheese Fries" (when I wasn't on a diet) are the best item on the menu. If you're feeling adventurous, go buy some "butter chicken" from an Indian Restaurant and add it in the super nachos - as good as it gets.Some friends and I were in town for a con. I have a habit of seeing what the food network suggests in the area when I visit a new city, and they have suggested Iguanas around the corner from here. After talking to a friend who lives in the area, he insisted we go around the corner to this joint. I definitely think we made the right choice.I got the veggie burrito, and it was GREAT, I didn't notice that I could order it wet till it was too late, a little sad I missed out on that. But it was still a really great burrito.A big thumbs up for their customer service too. One of my friends is a strict Vegan, so she'd asked for no cheese and sour cream, not specifying that she was Vegan. The gal at the register noticed that she was ordering no dairy and asked her if she was vegan because their guacamole has sour cream in it. Major kudos to her for taking the time to notice!Would definitely go back if I'm in San Jose again! We all enjoyed our meals.Went here on a late night on saturday and ordered a quesadillaPro: get the individually packed orange sauce containers that they give you togo because if you dine there, they give you these diluted orange sauce bottles that does not do the sauce justice. The sauce has quite a spicy kick to it that doesn't leave your tongue numb but also doesn't take away from the flavor of the burrito and I can handle spicy nicely. Doesn't really matter what you order, but what does matter is adding the orange sauce.Con: Long line for an average burrito, might be smart to just go in here and buy the orange sauce for $5 a bottle and add it on everything like you would with srirachaThis place is disgusting.  I once found a screw (Phillips Head if you're curious) in a burrito.  Two people I know along with myself have gotten violently ill directly after eating here.  Their "orange sauce" that everyone loses their mind about is as appealing to me as dog vomit.  Go to Iguana's instead.Always there when I needed... Usually around 2 or 3amsuper quesadilla  + sauce. that's it. only that. and u're golden.Quality is consistently lower than years before.  To put it simply, their food just doesn't taste good anymore.  Orange sauce is substantially watered down.  You have plenty of Mexican food choices in the area -you'd be better off going somewhere else.In the past, Burritos here were use to be good and so was there orange sauce.With time both of them deteriorated in taste, especially the orange sauce.Jesus would eat here...Get it? Jesus? Because its a mexican joint? No seriously though, this place is amazing. Jesus would eat here.This place is way too hyped. The only reason why it's getting 3 stars from me is because of their orange sauce. I can eat that with anything. Heck, I even ate it with my turkey last thanksgiving :D.Food wise. No no no no no! Please tell me this is not authentic Mexican food! I'm a huge Mexican food fan and this is nothing like the other ones I've had!!I like their steak nachos though. Their steak burrito gave me the worst stomach ache ever. Yup, I'm not coming back here anymore :(. Also, while I was eating here after a night out with my girls. This homeless guy kept asking my friends and I for bus money!I used to be a loyal customer to La Victoria until I got FOOD POISONING at least FOUR times!I would come here 2-3 times a week because I loved them so much. After the first time, I thought it could not have been La Vics, so I had it again and go it and so on and so on.It wasn't until the last and fourth time that I had to come to my senses and stay away. I only come here to get the la Vics sauce, which they also upped the price!I came here twice and both times I purchased a burrito. The price was decent, but I wasn't crazy about the burrito. It was extremely soupy and messy both times I ate here. The moment I bit into the burrito a river of juices spilled and flowed every where. Their orange sauce is tasty. However, I won't go out of my way to suggest this place to someone just because they know how to make SAUCE.I've heard a lot of hype for this place, but I wasn't impressed by their food.  Granted, I can't handle spicy food so I didn't like their speciality "orange sauce" that apparently makes the dish.  Without the sauce, the burrito I ordered was meh. Tip #1:  I guess if you like spicy food use their orange sauce?  Tip #2:  It's cute, the restaurant is in an old house.  Overall:  Better Mexican food elsewhere.I only come here with my friends after a night of bar-hopping. It gets crowded at night, so expect a 15-20 mins wait to place your order and another 15-20 mins to get your order.Food is okay. I usually get their burritos with carne asada, carnitas or pollo asado. Their orange sauce is still delicious! The burritos are greasy and messy, so get a lot of napkins. It's hard to find a table for a big group and it's loud whenever the place is crowded. Oh yeah, expect to step into bits of food that fell off from people's mouths.Best breakfast chorizo burrito at 3 a.m.I love the sauce but seriously SALTY food.  I drank two bottles of water right after my meal.  Someone please let them know you don't need that much salt to make the food taste good...BEST Mexican food in San Jose hands down.Theyre open super late,Food is served very quickly,Line goes quickly,Willing to take any order changes you need,and the orange sauce is so so so bomb! You can smother anything with it!!I love the carne asada quesadillas with some avocado. YUM!Also, the horchata here is by far the best in San Jose.ORANGE SAUCE!!!! 1. Get in Line. Order.2. Order 1 Orange Sauce to take home. (Haven't tried it yet? Who cares! Just buy one, I promise, you will thank me later). 3. Get your food, Find Orange Sauce that you can take to your table.4. Take it to your table (If you can actually manage to get one).5. Eat, Laugh, have a good time!*Wait until you are out of the Orange Sauce you bought and repeat steps 1 through 5.I've frequented this place several times since 2006 and yes, it's definitely worth revisiting:Yesterday I revisited the place again with two classmates:I ordered the regular sized pollo burrito, one of my classmates ordered the super lingua (cow tongue) burrito, and the other ordered the super pollo burrito.My classmate is Mexican and he said the lingua burrito was the best he has ever had because i  1. It has a lot of mean.   2. Great sauce  3. Unbeatable price--great valueThe other classmate just nodded his head in satisfaction while chomping down on his pollo burrito...mmMmmIt was amusing to see such satisfied faces after they bit into the burrito.I bit into mine and while it was good, I have to subtract 1 star because there was hair in it. Of course, these things happen and luckily, I discovered it 4/5 through the burrito. It  did reduce my appetite a bit but hey, it was toward the end of the burrito so I was full by then. I was there when the orange sauce was spicier and more orange. The new one is good if you mix it with the green sauce as well. I'd definitely use more green sauce had they put less salt in it. But La Vic, can you please bring the old orange sauce back? It was so good! Or maybe reduce the salt content in the green sauce?I'm still a fan despite the hair. My classmates did not have hair in theirs. I still recommend this place.Being an SJSU student I've come here quite a few times. It's extraordinarily popular with the frat crowd, and being open until 3am I can certainly understand why. HOWEVER, I do not think the food lives up to its hype. The food is quite bland and the chips are store-bought. Also, for anyone who hasn't been here but is reading the reviews and pondering, I would like to point out that the orange sauce everyone is talking about is Mayonnaise, Cayenne, and Chorizo grease. Not sure if that qualifies as authentic or not, but I would rather have Chipotle. Either way, it's an OKAY taqueria. Certainly not the best I've had, but fine none the less for a quick bite between classes.This is has been my regular place to eat since 2006 and I absolutely love it! Cheap and best. People die for "Orange Sauce". Very unique and their speciality. This is what makes burritos delicious. Its a student eating place since SJSU is right there. Absolutely worth to try having food here. SOme good ones to order are:Breaded steakSteak Chile Relleno - For veggies. order with black beans, super good !!!Good beverages: Jarriotos Mandarina (orange)Love the orange sauce here, so good I could drink it. Located across the street from SJSU so it can get busy during lunch. They're open late so there's usually a line of people coming after the bars/clubs.The burrito is huge. I usually get the super quesadilla or taco.Pretty status quo for a taqueria. The Jamaica wasn't all too great so I say just stick to the nacho fries4 stars for their unique orange sauce!! Bomb with everything, and you can buy a bottle for $6. Great kick without being too spicy. This particular location is hard to find parking.I normally get the regular chile verde b/c it's juicy.  I went there today, ordered chile verde with extra rice & no beans, $6.19...the extra cost i think $0.75.  I walked back to work so I can enjoy my burrito at my desk only to find the burrito to be "flat" because it doesn't  have rice.  I get back there and told the cashier that I did not get any rice as I ordered extra rice.  My order was quickly fixed and a different lady handed me the burrito, she actually walked around the counter to hand it to me instead of over the window/counter.  I asked if I can have chips for the error.  She gave me a stare and said, "I gave you rice." I'm not a fan of the orange sauce but I am of their fresh salsa - 1 starconvenient location - 1 stargood burrito - 1 starcustomer serivce - no starVery greasy and overall sub par.  There are many other excellent taquerias in the South Bay worth your visit.Food was just ok, note i was wasted all times been here, and The mission in SF has way better taco shops. Orange Sauce: buy it in bulk: hands down 4 stars alone.This review is only for the orange sauce. I buy it to take home. But I get a Carne Asada Burrito to pair with the orange sauce and they are heavenly together! Sometimes I don't want to make the trek to La Vic, since I live in Cupertino, so I'll buy a burrito nearby and it just doesn't go together as well. On another note, taking a bite of a La Vic burrito WITHOUT the orange sauce makes the burrito also pretty average.Food is fresh and decent, I ordered nachos once and found them inedible, but the flautas is one of my favorites. The place is usually busy and definitely kept clean.Hyped overrated MEH.Ordered a quesadilla soggy ass hell, didnt taste good.While this La Vics joint is super packed anywhere from thurs-sat from all the club goers the quality of food is always the same, just MEH.All I can say is buy the orange sauce togo for 6$ and go to another taqueria.I didn't like it. I didn't like it. I expected it to taste like Iguana's but Iguana's is way way way better in my opinion. Iguana is right around the corner too. So if you haven't tried this place, I suggest you to turn around and make a left at the corner and walk down to Iguana's... It was way too spicy. So spicy that I couldn't even taste the beauty of the orange sauce. I was too busy saying ah ah ah in my mouth. I ordered the nacho fries but where was the nacho cheese? At Iguana's the nacho fries is smoothered in cheese. Here I barely had any cheese...so I was disappointed. Also the quesadilla was way too thin and not enough goodies inside. The burrtio was okay though. I had the buche burrito and it was spicy as well. Everything I ordered I did not ask for spicy but it came spicy. Is everything spicy by default? Or they just happened to make mine hella spicy.... Anyways, I couldn't finish anything. I didn't even take a bite of my burrito until I got home. When I'm at Iguana's I always finish all the fries, all the quesadilla, and at least half of the burrito. Here at La Vic's I was struggling....struggling to finish my food...the struggle was real.... I almost crashed too cuz parking in downtown is such a bitch. If I did crash, was it worth it?? Hell no!!! Cuz it wasn't even that good... Maybe it would have been good if I never eaten at Iguana's. But because I have, I have no choice but to compare them and say Iguana's is the winner here. Lots of college students eating here made it look so fun to be a student at SJSU. It must be so cool to have so many places nearby your school to go eat during breaks and lunches. Man if I went to SJSU I would go to Iguana's every single day....their fries are thinner. La Vic's has thicker fries. But Iguana's they smoother it in cheese. I probably won't ever come back here. Why come eat here when you have Iguana's right around the corner???? This place closes at 12am and 3am depending what day it is and so does Iguana's. Oh the competition.... This place has more reviews though. Was it opened first? Iguana has over 1000 which is A LOT but La Vic's has twice as much. But the food ain't as good!!! Maybe people haven't heard of Iguana's. I like Iguana's more and that is the truth.So hard to find parking. Don't even try to park at Jack In the Box they have signs everywhere that says NO LA VIC'S PARKING ALLOWED lol.I for corn ques, and burritoGreat place for Mexican food. Get the corn quesadilla. Too often I get a flour quesadilla, but this time I got a corn quesadilla. It has a different texture and flavor, and I really like it. The food is inexpensively priced and open late. If you like spicy, then make sure you put their orange sauce on your food.The only downside is that parking is really difficult.No me gusta.. I may be the only person in SJ that doesnt like La Vics at all.. not even their orange sauce. Went to this one downtown and it was PACKED.. place is tiny and service was ehhh.Just to update - ive spoken to a few other friends about this and they all had similar experiences. Rude staff, wrong orders prepared and staff not willing to accommodate their requests. Ive been a La Vic customer for probably 7 or 8 years and sadly ill never go back because of this. Not everyone is a college student you can treat like garbage. Hopefully the Mgmt team or owners will read this and reach out because if now, ill continue to share my terrible customer experience with anyone and everyone in my network. Best of luck La Vic!It's doable in a pinch, but it's definitely not my favorite place. Especially when every time I've visited with my vegetarian friend, they manage to get meat, or as she lovingly calls it, flesh, in her food.OVER RATED.Orange sauce is good no doubt, but you can get better tasting authentic Mexican food at other hole in the wall joints.I have a vague recollection of coming here years ago. My friends came here for a late night meal. There were a lot of people packed inside this Victorian house, but a security guard kept everybody in check. I ordered a carne asada super burrito (beans, rice, salsa, cheese, sour cream, and guacamole). The burrito was packed tightly and didn't fall apart. The meat was a bit crispy, which is a plus. Of course, the spicy orange sauce took the burrito to a whole other level. You continuously pour it on, even when your lips are burning.Overrated, sauce aint all that and waaaaayyyyyy OP (overpiced)Plenty of Mexican joints in SJ to get great food and for a lot less money, this place makes a lots of money because of the location location location!!I ordered the super burrito and my friend ordered tacos without beans. The taco came with beans so we politely asked for a taco without beans. It took another 5 minutes and when it came back there were still some beans in there.By that time I finished my super burrito and found that it had no guacamole so I was charged for a super burrito but got a regular.Another thing that bothers me is that they give you the squirt bottles of orange sauce and I could see a guy at the next table touch the tip of the bottle to his burrito, take a bite and then repeat. Same thing at another table with a woman and her taco. I'm convinced the tip of every squirt bottle in there is covered with the saliva of the last person to use it.Wickedly Delish Breakfast Burritos!!!I used to work nearby, and my co-workers & I would quite frequently sneak out to go on a breakfast burrito run to La Victoria Taqueria!  YES, like most reviewers wrote - YOU GOTSTA GET DA ORANGE SAUCE!!! ...and yes, be warned, it should probably be classified as a drug due to its effects on your Dopamine Receptors!I ate these orange-sauce doused breakfast burritos for about two years during our nearby construction project.  After the project was over and I transferred to a different project out of town, I was forced to quit this famous orange-sauce cold-turkey.  What transpired soon after was not unlike a scene from Kubrick's "A Clockwork ORANGE".  I think it took several years to fully kick my dependence on this sauce and eventually I lost the voices in my head tempting me to relapse ...and hit this SAUCE again!  .....Oh Crap..... Who am I kidding, abstinence is for alcoholics and nuns.... I gotta go!!!  There is an Orange-colored squeeze bottle beckoning my name!!!  ;)I used to go to La Vic at least 3x a week in my college days at SJSU. Great for late night food after the clubs - just be prepared to wait. Love that orange sauce!The best drunk food ever! So so yummy, and spicy, and filling. The wait can be a while, and honestly its all a little greasy though. The workers are awesome too and very accommodating, and they keep the place very clean (just don't use the bathroom). I must have come here 100 times, and I've never really regretted it. The orange sauce, too! yum.Loooove this place for a late night craving! I can only speak for the carne asada fries and the carne asada quesadillas. I think both are pretty delicious and well made. Make sure you get carne asada fries to-go so that they give you a full take out box instead of a smaller dine-in tray! Same goes for the quesadilla. If you get it to-go, they roll it up in foil which makes it soggy and not as crispy as the dine-in version. Docked off one star for the long waits and small seating areas.I will eat here if it's late night and I have a craving for burritos. i won't eat here if I have other choices. It's not badI really want to like this place, but I don't! It is really overpriced for what I'm looking for (just some good tacos). Also, it only tastes decent when you're drunk.I was craving another veggie burrito today, *starving*, after work. Tired and dying to get home, I threw my new budget plans to the wind and gave into temptation!!The girl behind the counter gave me little attitude, I took it in stride though: this is a to go order, I'm tired, I'm stressed, I'm starving, and I want my veggie burrito...hold the guac, please. :)My order was up ("heaven awaits", I thought)! Arrived home and bit into a pork and shredded beef, rice and guac burrito...Seriously?!?! Good thing I am not a real vegetarian; I would have been reallly upset. And, guac isn't terrible, either, just not what I prefer. Sometimes you just have a taste for something specific, you know.I mean she only checked the ticket number before giving me the burrito...Moral of the story (as your mother probably always told you, as did mine):  Always check your to-go order before you leave... Mom: +10Child: -5.Absolutely love this place. The quesadillas are to die for. Super quesadilla tastes like heaven, and the orange sauce just makes it better.I've heard their burritos aren't anything special, but I think I'll stick with the super flour quesadillas for now. Never gone wrong with them so far.Service is pretty good, and they are open quite late.I haven't found any problems with the quality of their food, so I've been very satisfied with eating there.The place almost always is packed whenever I come in, which can make it feel pretty stifling.Other than that, excellent place to grab some grub. Give it a shot!If you don't know what to order, ORDER A SUPER BURRITO, STEAK, NO BEANS. YUMMMYYYY! The lines are always long, but the wait is always pretty short. My mother's a picky eater, but I HAD to get some while I was in SJ so I ordered her super nachos but with fries instead of chips. She absolutely LOVEDDD it! Especially with their orange sauce! The prices are also super cheap! I love this place!The best thing about this place: Chicken enchiladas with the orange sauce. I crave this dish every once in awhile. Price is decent.The other items I've tried on the menu have not been very good. A plus is that they're open early & close late.There is no parking lot. Street parking only which can be a hassle. It's not located in a good area. It's old & small & there are no positive vibes as most of the staff have bad attitudes & most of the customers are drunk and looking to start a fight at night. So my preference was to come here in the early afternoon as it's not busy & order take-out...yeah that's how much I like the chicken enchiladas w/ orange sauce. :PHowever, the other location on Santa Clara street is nicer inside & the staff more friendly. At first, my concern was that the food wouldn't be the same but it is. :) I would recommend visiting the Santa Clara st. location & trying the enchiladas. :D They're really good!Great economical food!!!Love their quesadilla and orange sauceI was there on New Year's Eve with some friends, 2am, was packed!!!! the service was actually fast but the food _ I had Chicken Torta - wasn't the bestNot my favorite place for Mexican grub but it's true that their orange sauce makes everything taste that much better. What usually happens is my friends and I would grab burritos or tacos elsewhere, grab some of La Vic's yummy carne asada fries with the orange sauce and be well on our way. Personally I have no idea what the hype is all about in terms of their food, but yes the orange sauce is delicious. Is it $6 a bottle delicious? Probably not. But I do appreciate being able to squeeze as much as I like out of the bottle when I dine in. On a random note...refills for soda is 50 cents? My friend pointed that out the last time we ate here and apparently it made some impact conversation-wise. The place is typically crowded with college students and more, so it can be hard to find a table sometimes. Other than that, parking sucks as you are in downtown, so keep your eyes peeled for free spots.When i went here the first time i got a burrito with the most talked about orange sauce. At first, I disliked the orange sauce a lot because it was smothered in oil. It made me not want to go there again. However, hearing from my friends the sauce isn't usually gross, so i guess i went on a bad day. I decided to give it another try and ordered carne asada tacos with the orange sauce, only this time the orange sauce tasted better. The food is okay, sauce is okay, i had better.  I found the meat to be a bit too hard/dried to chew and the salsa to be a bit too watery and mushy. I don't like eating soggy burritos or tacos. I do like that they over stuff the taco with meat because i take half of the meat out and just eat it with tortilla chips. Never had a problem with service. I love love love spicy food so i tend to request extra hot sauce / salsa, and they always kindly give me the requested amount without question. There really isn't a parking for La Vics except for the street. Though, i park next door at the Jack-in-box even though there is a sign saying you are not supposed to ^^;;;. Out of curiosity, has anyone gotten their car towed or received a ticket? lolI prefer eating elsewhere, but i would give it another shot.This is the the place to go after the clubs close, nice way to hang out before heading home for the night. There's some weird people that come here really late at night though, last time I was here there were people yelling at each other and then someone threw up in the restroom... probably the side effects of drinking to much at the club... anyways i'd come here again during the day or for dinner food is good.Even with it's not so great reviews, I LOVE THIS PLACE. I don't know why but every time I come here, I enjoyyy it just so much. This is probably the only burrito place that I always seem to crave. I always get the super burrito with everything in it and my boyfriend usually gets the quesadilla now which is also tasty. The portions are always so hugeee and the pricing is pretty cheap being around $6 to $7. I never finish my burrito either so it makes me feel like I have two meals for just $7. I always come out so satisfied. The orange sauce is also just so amazing, I really cannot get enough of it! It's super spicy and I don't know why but I just really love the sauce. Overall, I always enjoy the burritos here. I also love that they close at 3 AM.Great food, a little heavy, but definitely a place to visit.I went here during my time at Fanime, just roaming around for something to eat in the morning. And I decided, why not try this place?I just LOVED their Chorizo breakfast burrito, around $3 for a good priced sized burrito, and when I took a bite into it, along with the orange sauce they gave me, and I dressed it on my burrito, it tasted like heaven.Best sauce I've ever had in my life. So good, that I decided to buy a bottle of it, and for $6, that's not a bad deal whatsoever.Only thing I didn't like was the limited amount of space and seating that was offered.Other than that, it was a great place to eat at!College Student Approved!I come here once every two weeks or so before my morning classes start for their breakfast burritos for $2.75 before 11 AM.  It's a really good deal and it fills you up. If you are a fairly big person like I am, then I would suggest you get two of these breakfast burritos.  Their orange sauce has changed to a purely vegan sauce but its still good but it's gotten a lot spicier than from when I remembered.  If you come after breakfast, I would suggest you get the quesodilla or the super burrito; for about six bucks for the burrito, it fills you up and then some. I usually can't finish it and save it for when I'm hungry later after class. Anyways, it's a good place to try out and just have a nice cheap dinner/lunch or breakfast.Not a fanI love the food. Especially when I would be working heavily in Downtown SJ, I would come here and I would get my money's worth. The staff are so nice, which makes the experience even better.Very POPULAR Mexican taqueria... Where you DON'T see any Mexicans step in to..... Well, there are probably Latinos that go there, but for the most part, the customers are not. I would not consider this place a representation of what Mexican food is like, especially in a place like San Jose. There are really good taquerias in downtown and East San Jose. I actually used to love this place, when I was younger. I thought the orange sauce was amazing. Over the years my palate changed. I also used to eat this after a night out drinking. The last 2 times I went there during the day and sober and the food made me feel SICK. I got a burrito one time, and the other time a chicken quesadilla. The quesadilla was extremely oily. The outside seemed to be fried in a on of oil. I tried to give it a chance. I think I'm more fond more traditional Mexican taqueries. So... I'd still recommend trying it to see what the hype is. The orange sauce does taste good. I think it's made of mayonnaise and chorizo sauce. But if you like Mexican food that is more traditional, you'll have to go elsewhere. There are plenty of really good places in East San Jose. Some amazing taco trucks also that open up in the evening. Story Rd has a ton.Always pleased.  Need I saw more.One of my favorite Taquerias to go to. Their orange sauce is to die for and completes anything you order. It usually takes a while for them to make the food, but definitely worth the wait.The burritos by them selves are just average. The orange sauce is what takes it over to the next level and makes it worth every bit! :DNothing tastes better after a hard night of drinking at the local bars/clubsLa Vics is so gross... Their burritos are not good. The only thing they deserve 2 stars for is the sauce. Im sure thats what people love because their burritos are terrible.One of the best burritos in town.  Do I really need to say more?I go to la vics every chance i get and i only have one thing to say orange sauce amazing i practically put it on everything i always have a bottle in my fridgeanother bit of bay arean watered down cafeteria slop passed off as mexican food at twice what one would pay in other areas for far superiour fare of the same name. Oh but the chipotle gobbling locals love it, what a surprise.I've heard this place has been around for ages so I gave it a try.  This place was packed, literally it was too many people inside the house.  However, waiting time to get your order and food ready....wasn't that bad.I ordered regular burrito which super tasty to me and I added orange sauce, the famous orange sauce.  Spicy and creamy and good....I also tried the nacho and was terrible.  Too much sauce so when I expect to get crunchy chips.....I got soggy chips. And my soda was flat.Not really my favAll about the special sauce. Aside from the weight during Sharks Games and lunch, this place has great food/value. Go with the beef burrito, extra salsa. You won't be disappointed.While studying at San Jose State, it was one of the place which was open till late night except Jack in the box next door. I love their orange sauce. I go there just for their sauce. Their veggie quesadilla is very good. Eat there for sure, if you are visiting San Jose downtown.Decent mexican food, with an extremely addictive orange sauce.  Not a fan of Nacho or American Cheese on my mexican food though!This place does not live up to my expectations... Sorry, but Iguanas is so much better. The burritos here is really thin and they're just not up to par. The orange sauce is just weird, I like Iguanas better. And it's even more expensive than Iguanas. Came here once, won't come here again. It's really crowded when I was there too and the employees aren't really good at handling the crowds. I'm avoiding this place.Bright side? They give you the whole bottle of orange sauce if you ask. Iguanas give you mini containers.I came in with my boyfriend a while back. We had the burrito and the nachos. We came in because of the hype about the orange sauce. So, yes it is very good. However, the nachos were a bit heavy and was soggy within a few minutes of being seated. I would come back for the carne asada burrito, but not the nachos.Sometimes amazing. Sometimes just alright. I feel like if you come in when it's too busy, the quality really starts to suffer. Last time I ordered a super burrito, and I got home to find it was lacking all the extras that make it a dollar more than the regular. Not that the regular is terrible. But this is a big city with lots of taquerias. Get it right or I'll just spend my time and money elsewhere.Line moves very fast!I got a "wet" super burrito with carne asada and some orange sauce. Unfortunately I couldn't eat it right away since my friends decided to go to Gyu Kaku and we went to join them.Wet seems to mean cheese on top and covered in sauce. An interesting and tasty twist on a burrito.Anyways, I ate the burrito the next day, microwaved. The orange sauce is really tasty! It's a bit tangy and a bit spicy. I could have taken more spice but the flavor made it up.I ordered the nacho fries with al pastor and it was okay.(+) you can definitely satisfy your hunger as the portions are big-- I couldn't finish it.(-) a little too salty for my palate.(-) skimpy on the meat. More al pastor please!!(-) the juices from the 2 types of salsas they threw on top, dripped into small pools at the bottom of the dish = soggy fries. :(. I suggest a less saucy salsa if that's possible or just some pico de gallo.(-) I love onions, grilled or raw, but these guys should have chopped up the onions instead of just slicing them.  I didn't like having to twirl my onions like spaghetti :(Overall, the dish gets 3 stars as I have tasted 1 and 2 star worthy dishes before. + 1 for the building that looks like someone's house and it's close proximity to SJSU.La Vic's is always a tasty treat. If this one is too crowded for your comfort, you don't have to go far to Santa Clara st, to the other location, so that's nice. And of course there's the Almaden location if people aren't close to downtown.**GOOD**The food is alright.  The quesadillas are better than the tacos. The green salsa is good as well. The place is clean, and the staff is kind of friendly.**BAD**I once heard, "La Victoria is the best Mexican food in san Jose." . . . no. I do not like this place. Yes, Ill eat here if I'm hungry but I rather go somewhere else. I do not know why people brag so much about this place. If you are Mexican and have eaten real Mexican food this place is not it!! The orange sauce is not that great either, the green sauce is way tastier, and spicy.eeh.With this rating, I have to clarify that I only go to this place when I'm drunk.. I've been to this place ONCE, SOBER, and I got sick hours later lol but yet, I seem to love and crave it when I'm drunk.Great place, great food, great customer service and inexpensive!  Now that's a GREAT bargain!!3.5 stars. Carne asada fries weren't available, only nachos. They were okay and fulfilling, but the worker looked like she was getting really impatient as I double checked to make sure I had enough cash.The food here is OKAY.  Nothing special.  It's not the worst, it's not the best.  If you're drunk, you can probably add a star.Now, the redeemer here, as most will tell you, is the orange sauce.  Put it on anything, including other Mexican food, as it is delicious.  It really helps the food here, which is otherwise bland/average.Not trying to hate, this place is cool, it's just nothing special or better than average.Good for on the run.  I've been to the SJSU, E. Santa Clara and Blossom Hill sites.  Hands down I have many great convos & memories with the SJSU site.  I do wish they would offer the original infamous "orange sauce" and the currently used reformulated vegetarian chipotle orange salsa sauce.  I understand the reasons why they change the recipe.  I just wished customers had the choice of original vs. new!  I love also the al pastor flavor sometimes though I've had to mind the oily-ness!This will be a simple review.-Late hours-2 locations (SJSU/San Carlos & Santa Clara St)-Greasy, but good flavor -Orange Sauce (you can buy per bottle)-Good variety (yet I only get carne asada burritos, quesadillas, and fries)-Great for drunk munchies-Can be busy-Nothing specialIdk what the hype is but there sauce is GROSS!!! This place isn't even real mexican! -just sayingStill trying to find a decent burrito in San Jose downtown area.... Had their super burrito, it was not super at all, in fact I threw most away because the entire thing tasted like rotten tomatoes from thief nasty watery excuse for guac and sour cream.I was here a couple of years back, and the reason I haven't been back was due to the experience I had when I went there. The food was not memorable, parking was a nightmare, and the worst part was, they would not honor a coupon that was still valid issued in their name. I almost wanted to pull out the "offer-and-acceptance" law I learned but I didn't as there was a line forming behind me. Nothing at La Vic has enticed me to come back for a return visit.The orange sauce here is SO delicious. My husband loves the green sauce, too. That's my favorite reason to come here.I've tried a lot of the meats, and they're all good. My husband's favorite is the al pastor. Mine is just the traditional carne asada.I will say, it's best to stick with burritos here. The nachos were huge, but just didn't live up to the burritos. My husband got a quesadilla, and they rolled it up and the toppings were all over the place.I don't want to deduct too much for that just because the burritos are SO SO SO good. Just get a burrito. Put orange or green sauce in it. Enjoy!ORANGE SAUCE IS NOT AS GOOD ANYMORE.I would rate this place 4-5 stars, but they changed the recipe to the orange sauce or something. It looks a lot lighter and tastes a little different now. Its not as good as before :(I'll stick to Iguanas sauce now. Its much betterGood super burritos.  Great orange sauce.Love the orange sauce on anything! I always get their super flour quesadillas, yummy :)Yum!! I love the burritos and quasadillas here. I like having the choice of different flavors tortilla (spinach, wheat, and chipotle). They use to have a tomato tortilla but got rid of it and replaced it with the chipotle one. I like to mix both the "orange" and green sauces together to get a spicer, creamy mixture on my food. Plus, they aren't stingy with it. There's generally always a line but service is fast so you're not standing there starving.They just remodeled their bathroom and you need a key to get in. Parking can be a pain but I generally walk from my climbing gym to here so it's never been too much of an issue.All you need to know is... ORANGE Sauce.  Go ahead and order anything you want, tacos, burritos, quesadillas, etc.. whatever it is... just know that it's only a medium for orange sauce transportation to your mouth.  Also, what I liked is the serving size and the price ratio was great. Definitely coming back here!What can I say? It's super cheap mediocre Mexican food open late. Ridiculously large portions, pretty good sauce, very casual atmosphere... overall, a couple steps above Taco Bell. Came here with a buddy who is a regular but left unimpressed. I wouldn't go out of my way to come back, but if I was hungry, in the area, and only had $5, I'd pop in again.beef tongue burritos, orange sauce,  period.I like it here because of the orange sauce and I am a big fan of their orange sauce and spicy things, the carne asada burrito was pretty bomb. The carne asada fries were drenched in nacho cheese. This is a go to place if you are drunk and in the dtsj area and are hungry! They are pretty fast but it is always packed here.The burritos and tacos are bland.The orange sauce is no doubt the best part of this place as everyone asks for it!Once was enough considering how many options there are within a mile and a half for mexican food....but I had to Yelp write about it! I did....I did! I went just for you guys because I was close by.I wouldn't stop here again and can't recommend even the  location is mmmmeeeeyyyahhh.Everybody raves about the same darn thing. So I will too.ORANGE SAUCE! ORANGE SAUCE! ORANGE SAUCE!Friggin creamy and flavorful orange sauce. Food is alright. My super carne asada burrito was decent but after dousing it with the sauce, it was I'm-going-to-devour-it good. It wasn't amazing, but my burrito did taste a lot better. A sauce that can do that is pretty incredible. Small place. Limited seating. Tends to get crowded.3.5 stars.I am sober. This opening sentence is important. Had I been drunk and been typing out this review it may have been a bit different. For starters, the star rating may been bumped up a star. I would have had kinder words. And there is a good chance it would not have made sense, been full of typos, and eventually rambled on about how much my life sucks and I need therapy.Long opener aside, this place serves cheap, low quality, average tasting Mexican food. It is the "orange sauce" that takes it to the next level. Without it, La Victoria would not have 3 locations.I rarely eat at this place sober, but when I am drunk and wandering the streets of Man Jose, I come here often have a super quesadilla with carne asada (with steak). It hits the spot for under $5.Sure, I will be sick as a dog the next day. The combination of alcohol, greasy Mexican food, and super oil spicy orange sauce pretty much guarantees a day of "mud butt."However, one time, I ate here sober and I still got crazy food poisoning. Oh well, that orange sauce is a freakin' drug so I keep comin' back. I buy it by the bottle for $6 and put on sandwiches, eggs, pasta, chips, oven pizzas, and just about everything whenever I eat on the cheap at home.It can make $1 microwavable burrito somewhat edible when you are broke. So feel free to invest in a bottle of that sauce. And it won't make you sick as long as you do not put it on their food.I tend to prefer to the Santa Clara location to the one on San Carlos. The one on Santa Clara has a friendly manager who lets me and my buddies in after they have closed since we are regulars and do not cause any trouble. The San Carlos one is less friendly and tends to become super ghetto. It even has several bouncers at that location just to cater to the ghetto crowd from the surrounding clubs.Basura!Woo! Thanks to their free wi-fi, i'm able to write a review from right in La Vic's!+I tried their Carne Asada burrito for the first time for $5.95 and it was packed full of meat and made me super full. +As long as you come before rush periods, there's no line+ Free water and wi-fi (high signal too!)+ Lots of places to sit+ Free orange sauce in little containers that you can take home= Tables are clean!... but they smell of strong chlorine. blegh.- They don't have nacho fries like Iguanas does - No student discounts, even though the majority of their patrons are college students!Overall a good place with good sauce that makes for a good meal... and a good day. (Yes, I just abused a weak adjective 4 times. Deal with it, I'm in a food coma from my burrito.)Disclaimer: I was neither drunk nor hungry when I came here, so this review is pretty legit :DI ordered the regular burrito with my favorite chili verde filling, sans beans because I'm deathly allergic and I need to stay alive to spread the Lakers love to all the haters in the bay :PYes, the neighborhood is kinda sketch and there's limited seating and there's a long line and THE ORANGE SAUCE IS AMAZING. That's all you need to know. No matter what you order, it will taste fantastic after you cover it in orange sauce. It's tangy and spicy and bursting with flavor and just the perfect consistency. Think of your food as the vehicle by which you will transport this orange deliciousness into your mouth. I apologize for not taking any pictures. I was too busy stuffing my face with orange sauce.OK this place is all about the orange sauce.  It's fantastic but I am so afraid of loving it.  It's like the first time I went to Texas to work in 98, and I got crazy hooked on dirty rice and boudin, only to find out later what those things are.  If you don't know, dirty rice contains chicken liver and giblets and boudin typical has all sorts of porcine parts you don't want to know about.If you've ever seen Man vs Food, I think this place should be on it.  Not for some giant burrito or anything, but for the closely guarded secret of the orange sauce.I think honestly, the only time this place deserves 4 stars is when you're a student or if it's past 11pm and you're ensconced in downtown San Jose.  You sure as heck shouldn't go to Original Joe's, believe you me.Went here after the Yelp Elite Event @ Loft.  The place was about half full and only sits about 25-30.  It's like a tiny greasy cafeteria, pretty much how you'd expect any good taqueria.  My and my female friend and I shared a chicken quesadilla.  That thing is no joke.  It's oily, messy, big, and delicious.  Top if off with a half bottle of orange sauce and you get one hot sexy mess.  Oh yeah the quesadilla was pretty good, too.Near the end of the shared meal, some other Yelpers dropped in.  They ordered and got their bottle of orange sauce.  Apparently you're only allowed one bottle per table, something about a closely guarded secret.  I intend some day to procure one of these bottles and reverse engineer the ingredients.  Knowing my luck, it's going to have pigs' rectum in it, and I'll probably continue eating it anyhow.I know every man out there would love to hear this next statement:"*gasp* WHY IS IT SO BIG???!!"(Put a burrito from La Vic's in front of my face and you'll get it out of me.) *wink*All dirty jokes aside, this place is awesome for late night gluttony. Don't feel too bad about breaking your rule about not eating after midnight. You are not alone. This little white house found right next to the SJSU campus is always packed with starving college students and weekend clubheads looking for something to soak up all the alcohol they've downed in the past 5 hours.I feel that the burritos are stuffed with more rice than meat at times, which I'm indifferent to, but some people disapprove. Regardless, these suckers have mass! The salsa's got a really strong kick as well. Not recommended for those with low tolerance for spicy foods. However, the secret to their deliciousness is this mysterious "orange sauce" that everyone keeps raving about. I'm still not exactly sure what's in it, but I'd rather not know. It's one of those "so bad, but so good" condiments. Some things are just better left unsaid.In the last 3 years I've gone to La Vic's, I don't think I've ever been able to finish an entire burrito. On average, 3-4 bites satisfies my hunger pangs. Devouring even just half a burrito would be quite an accomplishment for me. *sigh*, one day...I will come out victorious. But for now, Michelle - 0, burrito - 6.that orange sauce.It's me versus La Vic's and I admit defeat.  After coming here to sober up from my excessive drinking (I'm admitting that too,) I was forced to eat so I wouldn't be hungover the next morning.  Too tired to read the menu and make a clear decision, I opted for what I knew and ordered the Super Carne Asada burrito again.  And guess what?  There were pinto beans in it,.. AGAIN!  You know why? Because my drunk self failed to order it sans beans!  Argh stupid mother 'ffer seriously forreal ahaha.. So I, Joan H. admit defeat because the only way I'll ever win with La Vic's is if 1) I come sober enough to order correctly and 2) Wait, why would I eat here sober?  Ha, see? You might as well put me down for extra pinto beans next time then, lol.Oh P.S., -1 Star because the orange heavenly goodness now comes in these little lame sauce cups, you need like 4 of them for the beans alone!I've only been to La Vic two times.  The last visit was in '04.  A mysterious bout of food poisoning followed ((shudders)).  It's funny, I actually enjoyed the food that time. It was a holiday weekend, the clubs/bars downtown were closing.  In other words it was crowded. But people were cool about it.  No attitudes, just a bunch of buzzed birds looking for a bite.  I ordered the Super Quesadilla with chicken.  We were actually able to snag a table, there's power in numbers I guess.  The food took about 10 minutes to come out.  The "chicken" in my quessadilla tasted strangely like old turkey.  This was the day after Thanksgiving so...who knows.  I'm just going to convince myself that it was some kind of poultry.  I ate it anyway.  I was happy to see the orange sauce is now served in containers kept behind the counter (or maybe that's just late night).  I didn't have any.  The saying goes "fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me." For drunk food it's fine. It sopped up the alcohol jussst finnnne. Oh and no quality time with the porcelain god this time around. Yay?What is all the freaking hype about?! Seriously...unless you're in a drunken stupor than I don't see any legitimate reason for anyone to rave about La Vic's. I came here with a couple of friends and we ordered some carne asada tacos and I think a super nacho with carne asada. The carne asada tacos were made with flour tortillas, beef, and a tomato based salsa. The super nachos included chips, guacamole, sour cream, beef, salsa, and of course cheese. The best way I could describe the tacos is that they were very 'mushy.' The carne asada, or what was supposed to be carne asada, was nooo bueno. The beef was either overcooked or they used poor quality meat because it lacked both texture and flavor. It's kind of hard to describe, but the carne asada had the same consistency as corned beef? I don't know. All I know is that I did not like it.And as for their orange sauce...it's no mystery folks. It's just a sauce made from a whole lot of butter or lard and that's why people love it so much. It's greasy, disgusting, and people just love that fatty stuff! I liked the fact that there was a very strong garlic flavor in the sauce, but other than that...I would like to keep my waistline slim, so I think I'll pass! Thank you very much.I thought I wrote a review about this place a few years ago but I don't see my review here.  I'm not talking about the Almaden Expressway or Santa Clara Street locations...So here goes again.I told my friend I'd be willing to try La Vic's to see if they have changed from the last time I was here (burritos were okay).  About 4 or 5 years ago, their burritos were good and the orange sauce was good.  I know because I always used to eat here back then.  This was before I ever heard of Iguanas (yeah that long ago) and when I did hear about them, Iguanas closed down but opened up later.  Fast forward 4 or 5 years to  the present time and it was okay.  It changed a lot and I believe they had a change of management a few years ago which was when everything started to decline...I ordered a carne asada super burrito ($5.95) and sat down.  This place still looked the same minus the orange bottles at every table.  I believe people kept jacking them so now the bottles were behind the counter which was fine to me.  For those who haven't been here, here's what you do: order your food, sit down, they will call your number, pick up your food, and eat your food.I thought the burrito was still okay, but my friend didn't like it after his first bite.  I couldn't tell if he was joking or not but it didn't matter.  I added some orange sauce to my burrito and it had a similar taste to what it tasted like in the past except for one thing.  The orange sauce was a lot looser this time, and I wouldn't exactly say it was "watered" down.  It was a lot thicker back then (4 or 5 years ago).  FYI: If you want the carne asada to have that grilled taste to it then don't come here because their carne asada doesn't have that.  They did have a few pieces of carne asada that were hard (still edible) which added a different taste to the burrito.  I still prefer Iguana's burrito.Maybe it's just me and my selective memory to have remembered such small details like this but that's what I observed.  As I was finishing my burrito, I chewed on something hard and I took it out of my mouth.  It was this small white piece of plastic and that ruined my appetite right away.  MINUS 1 STAR FOR THAT!  I didn't have my camera; otherwise, I would have posted a better picture of it and my camera phone doesn't take really good macro pictures.I'm not coming back for awhile in hopes that this place would be as good as it was 4 or 5 years ago.But for the troublesome parking, I would have given La Victoria five stars.We keep returning to La Vic because of their orange sauce.  It's a miraculous condiment that transforms ordinary burritos into gourmet cuisine.By the way, if you don't want your wife to reprimand you, pop a Beano before and, just to be extra safe, a Gas X after eating here.Or you can just blame it on the dog like I do.La Victoria Taqueria is probably the most popular place to eat in the San Jose downtown area during the late night hours. Understandably so because the place doesn't close until 3 a.m., and of course, their secret orange sauce has a lot to do with their traffic as well. I have never been to this spot before midnight so this review is strictly for the late night experience, at which point they supposedly get the most traffic.Most of the food at La Vic's is moderately good. Their secret orange sauce is very good, yes, but to me, the sauce is a simple, spicy chili-based chutney. My picks are the Super Burrito with chicken is pretty stellar and the nachos with -- choice of meat, salsa, sour cream, beans, guacamole; absolutely stupendous. That said, the sauce does make the meal significantly better than other Taqueria experiences. Even with the large volume of activity the place gets, the service is prompt and managed very well. I have never had any issues whatsoever with my order.  That is a very big plus.Forewarning to those that have an issue with noise. During the late night, the place is swarming with a large number of loud, obnoxious, and (more often that not) drunk girls that just finished clubbing. The spot features only one single-person unisex bathroom. Neither of those factors have been a significant issue for me so La Victoria Taqueria draws a generally favorable opinion from me because of the food and service.Wait hold up, how is it that I haven't done a review for this place?I literally came here twice a week while I went to SJSU. We love this place so much that we'd even travel from Hayward down to SJ just for some flipping burritos.And that darn orange sauce is just so tasty that it makes your tummy smile and your taste buds do a jig.Beware the next day though, your tummy will reprimand you for it :)After my horrible experience with Iguana's, I had to come over to La Vic's and get something better. I got myself a super chicken burrito on a spinach tortilla and had that baby for breakfast. After taking a few bites,my taste buds screamed "FLAVOR BAYBBEEE"  "FLAVOR". Then i topped each bit with La Vic's famous ORANGE Sauce!  "FLAVOR" "FLAVOR" "FLAVOR BAYBEEEEEEEE!"So La Vic's is the way to go, skip Iguana'sNO! Your friggin' orange sauce could not even save my burrito. My AL PASTOR burrito! What was once so good is now an oily, salty mess. And how could you not have carnitas?! That just makes me sad.Fail, fail, fail!If you've never been or heard of this place, it's all about the orange sauce.  I usually always order the carne asada super burrito, and then add their orange sauce of doom.  Their burritos are nothing special; I would say average at best.  What puts La Victoria over the top is their orange sauce.  Because of their orange sauce alone, I give them a "5".  If they didn't have the sauce, I would probably give them a "2.5".Summary: Orange Sauce can make any food 5-stars.Definitely over-hyped and definitely not "the best"...But they make a great breakfast burrito, and that's all I'd come here for.4 [orange] stars for their better-than-average breakfast burrito and extremely tasty [orange] sauce.Ok, so the food here isn't all that good. It's average Mexican food. The burrito I got was bland and probably 2-star worthy. That is until I discovered those magical, uniquely colored little orange tubs speckled with tiny red dots. Yes, the (in?)famous orange sauce. When you're drunk, hungry and it is 2 in the morning, this really hits the spot.So basically it's cheap but average food with an awesome sauce that's open late after the bars close. It was also packed in there, but they were pretty efficient about getting food to you quickly. This is a good late night option, but I probably wouldn't eat here much sober.Holy Mother of God.  WTF do they do to their food to make it taste so good.I'm from Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona so I know all about Mexican food, and this place completely rewrote the book.Best mexican food i've ever had, hands down.UPDATE.Eaten there a few times.  Customer service is meh, and they can't cook french fries to save their lives (they overcook them till they are yellow-brown).  So I'm downgrading them to 4 stars.  Their Orange sauce is incredible though, they should sell that in super marketsORANGE SAUCE....need i say more...4/5 stars.... ORANGE SAUCE!!!! burritos ok... orange sauce makes anything 10x better...case in point with la vick's burritos...This place is disgusting.I don't know what the hype is all about.The last time I ate it,I got sick.The staff is rude,especially when you ask for more sauce (if you get the food to go).They get pretty shady with it,grunting..then telling you how many you already have.Most cases,they only give you one or two TINY containers.The burritos are bland and soupy,and the meat is dry.DO NOT GET THE SUPER VEGETARIAN BURRITO.There is absolutely nothing super about it.There isn't anything extra in it.The only good thing about this place is the sauce,but I can't even bare to eat it because of how much mayonnaise is in it.It's also gotten way too expensive.It was cheaper when I was in high school.But I'd have to say..La Victoria definitely falls under the whole quantity over quality. Go to La Costa.It's wayyyy better.Best Mexican food downtown San Jose! I am not a huge fan of their "orange sauce" but otherwise they have great nachos and great "quesidillas" when you order carne asada for your meat choice. The wait here can be sometimes tedious and parking is terrible since the place is located wedged between two restaurants, but definitely worth it. It's small so its difficult to find a seat, but I've never had too much trouble after a short wait. I like this location and prefer it to the other one on Santa Clara st because it just doesn't taste quite the same. This place is definitely better flavor and much more flavorful while at it.This place is crazy! Came to town for the San Jose Marathon and I was starving after waiting in line for my race packet, instructions etc for the day before. Usually, marathon tradition is a big pasta dinner but a friend told me about this place plus it was in the downtown area. I was a little surprised at first because I was expecting a restaurant but we actually pulled up to a really tiny house amidst the cluster of buildings downtown. This Mexican restaurant is two stories and there is seating all over. Parking is tight but luckily we had already parked downtown so we just walked here.If you're going to dine here, I would suggest putting one person in charge of finding a table while the others go up and place the order or else you'll be left with no place to sit unless you're taking it to go. I got the enchiladas and sampled all their amazing sauces. Chips are fried fresh and were amazing! I was in love. It's open late so it's a definite San Jose hot spot. We had a lot of fun hanging out here and checking out the local scene.WOW.I've been here so many times the past 6 years and I have to say, the quality is INCREDIBLY more horrible than it used to be. This place used to be delicious!BUT WHAT HAPPENED?!The service is TERRIBLE, the workers are rude.The food is definitely not good anymore either.I ate my burrito and I felt like I was eating leftovers from the day before!I guess people always think it's such a great place to eat because that's the place to hit up after getting drunk at the clubs.And we ALL know.. If you're drunk, EVERYTHING tastes good!Coming here slightly buzzed did not even cut it for me.So one star.One star for being open late & props for dealing with all the drunkies.But will I ever return? Nope!What is all this hype?? UGH, DISGUSTING.They are only good for their sauce.My tip: grab a bottle and head to the nearest burrito truck for a good time. Steal it if you have to.Their burritos are dry and hard to swallow (heh, that's what she said). But no, seriously, not so delicious. Upon my trip here, I was with some friends in SJ and we were contemplating on what to eat. Friend says "La Vic's?"Me: "La what?"Friend: YOU'VE NEVER HAD LA VICS??Me: No...Friend : *jawdrops*Me: I guess we should get some then!Me: *expectations through the roof*(At La Vic's)Me: *stares at burrito in shame, licking sauce off the top*The End.I've never actually eaten in here but I adore the food. The place is cramped and always packed to the gills, but I can deal with the lack of oxygen for the food, especially the 99 cent quesadillas. I always phone in my order and of the 30 or so times they've gotten my order right once. whatever, the messed up orders are still tasty. The orange sauce is good but not amazing and the guacamole is runny and way spicy. I recommend the Chile relleno burrito, deep fried Chile inside a burrito, how can you go wrong?Minus one star for the complete lack of parking.With over 200 yelp reviews, I thought it was time to check out La Victoria Taqueria for myself.I had the veggie burrito and thought it was eh...ok.  It was mostly beans, lettuce, and rice with a very small amount of salsa and all of other stuff that is supposed to come with it (sour cream, guac, cheese).  I also would have liked to have the option of choosing black beans, but there were no black beans for me.  Yes, the orange sauce is good.  However, the salsa was too spicy for me, so about halfway through my burrito my lips were burning and I couldn't taste anything.Fortunately, chips are only 50 cents and they helped with my burning tastebuds.  The dining area is very loud and packed with students.  However, it is open late, so that is a plus.  If I am in that area of San Jose late in the evening and I am craving a burrito, I would be more likely to go to Iguanas Taqueria.Even though this place got pricer, it is still pretty cheap. I love that it's food you can get on the go, but also at a place that is cool to chill at. The nachos were disappointing because it was just the melted cheese and round chips like you get at a cafeteria or a ball game, none of that homemade goodness. I guess I'm just used to places that fry their own chips and bake the cheese on top. The burrito was filling and had lots of meat, but the meat was a bit too dry. The rice was a little too wet, I think. I think the burrito all in all was just whatever, but the organe sauce was everything. The burrito was nothing without the special sauce. The horchata was weak and powdery. I wish I got a quesadilla.1 regular burrito + 1 medium horchata = $7I usually like to come here after a night out bar/club hopping in downtown San Jose and usually by the end of the night, I'm already pissed drunk. So anything on the menu from a burrito to a quesadilla would taste like HEAVEN especially slavered with the infamous orange sauce! I would even rate this place MORE than 5 stars if I was under intoxicated circumstances. Yet, on sober conditions, this place is just mediocre. Nothing too special. What makes this place hyped up is the orange sauce. Also, it is relatively cheap and convenient for all the club hoes who have the drunk munchies late at night. This is not the safest location especially at night because I have witnessed several fights in front of this small shack. So there is security in front who also monitors orange sauce bottle thieves.Wandered around for lunch with Thomas T. CHEAP & TASTY were the words on our minds, which led us here! :)Got my usual regular flour quesadilla, w/o meat, only about $2.95.  Great price! Not even close to $5 for a meal, hooray!  This is why I like La Vic's a lot. Cheap, full of flavor & fast service.  Plus, orange sauce never fails (except it seems a tiny bit watered down this time, but still had spicy goodness)!The following quotes are typical things La Vic's customers would say."Yeah!!! Let's go to la vics!"  exclaimed the drunk San Jose State college student."Man...I need some muchies...heh heh" mumbled the stoned frat boy."I dare you to drink a bottle of orange sauce." said the geeky Asian CS major challenging his roommate on a boring Saturday night.I jumped on the La Vic's bandwagon early on in my college days and was all gung ho about it. Yeeeeah! ORANGE SAUCEEEE. I would dump container after container on my burrito, essentially fazing out all taste of burrito, leaving only hot sauce taste. I tried every burrito on the menu and learned the words for steak and chicken in Spanish really well. I've had the nachos and tacos and their funky drinks.A few years later I realized I never really liked la vics. I was just joining in on a trend...a fad to be one of the people who've tried the orange sauce. After my food pallet began to grow past just burritos and beer I realized La Vic's is bland, not any better then Iguana's and in a very bad location.The actual restaurant itself is poorly laid out and its way too noisy. They have no parking, a jerk of a person pretending to be a security guard and only take cash after a certain dollar amount is spent. Really, people...lets get with the times and start accepting credit card on any purchase. I really think you guys should cut a deal with jack in the box next door and buy a few parking spaces.So I guess essentially what I'm trying to say to all you incoming SJSU students. La Vic's really isn't all that it seems to be. Spend your money somewhere else...you have a plethora of places to choose from in downtown. You'll get better service, better accommodations and no crazy lady screaming numbers in Spanish.I love la vics so much I don't even want to say anything bad about it. I can honestly say they listen well for there being a language barrier. My food is always prepared properly every time. I always get the super burrito with carne asada or the super flour quesadilla with carnitas. both meats are bomb. Im slightly obsessed with there sauce as well. I no that LA VICS is known for there orange sauce but I have to give them credit for there green sauce as well, both of the sauces are fire!! I do have to knock off a star because I hate the way the security eyes you up and down like Im coming to still some orange sauce or something. I also don't like that the place is so small im fighting for a table. I will say im glad they are expanding and opening new restaurants! HUGE PLUS FOR LA VICS!!After a small bite in Mountain View and a romp in a blacked-out coffee shop, our group's appetite was triggered again and we needed some good ol' middle-of-the-night food.  La Victoria is a popular Mexican joint across the street from San Jose State that's open late so we headed over for some grub.I got the carne asada burrito and when topped with their famous orange sauce (it's more cream-colored than anything) really hit the spot.  The burrito is smaller and simpler than the one from My favorite Marin taqueria but was still an excellent bite and I'd definite be here all the time if I was a student.They don't seem to have the breakfast burrito special anymore but any time is a good time for Mexican food.  The orange sauce is bad ass and one per table is definitely not enough!Food: 7/10Service: 7/10Price: $Atmosphere: 7/10I have mixed feelings about the burritos and quesadillas at La Vic's depending on the day, but I KNOW I always come back because of their Orange Sauce. I have bought numerous bottles of the overpriced sauce ($6/bottle) and have had no regrets of my purchases. I admit that I try to put the Orange Sauce on everything even though I know it's bad for you (look at the way it drips). My boyfriend did some research online and believe they use chorizo fat in the sauce, but we discovered it's VEGAN! I blindly overlook my health when it comes to such deliciousness.WHAT I USUALLY ORDER:- Super Burrito with Steak & Black Beans [~$5-6]- Super Quesadilla with Steak or Chicken [~$4-5]- Steak Nacho Cheese Fries with everything (new) [$7.49]I have been searching for delicious Carne Asada Fries since I've been in San Diego (where I believe only authentic Mexican food exists in California) and have been let down time after time. This is the closest I've come to Carne Asada Fries that taste like it's from San Diego (except they unfortunately use nacho cheese & not real cheese). OR maybe it's the orange sauce once again? Who knows.I always order the super because I don't believe any Mexican dish is complete without sour cream and guacamole. But that, of course, is just my preference.DRINKS:- Strawberry Agua Fresca [~$2-3]Used to be in love with this when it tasted more like strawberry water. Now it has a thicker, slightly slimy consistency.- Watermelon Agua Fresca [~$2-3]Even though watermelon is my favorite fruit, I like the Strawberry one more. I think it tastes like it's lacking something.SERVICE:Takes kind of long to get your order. At night, you can find lots of drunk, often rowdy, people there. I've witnessed a couple of fights right in front of the store on numerous occasions, but I do like the workers there. When I ask for more Orange Sauce the ladies there always slip me a couple of more. I think they usually give you two for each item you buy.Overall, I'm a fan mainly because of their Orange Sauce The burritos and quesadillas can be better, but nothing the sauce can't help with. Takes credit card and pretty roomy place to dine-in. There's only street parking which is kind of annoying sometimes, especially during the day. A plus that it is OPEN LATE.OH LA VICS.  Drunk or sober, day or night, how i LOVE YOUR O SAUCE.La Vics is known for their orange sauce - or O sauce as I call it because it gives me an O in my mouth.  The best combo for ANYTHING you order here is 1 part food and 1 part sauce.  I'M SO SERIOUS - THIS IS NO JOKING MATTER.  In the past, I've been misled to believe the super nachos are the best things here - but IT IS NOT.  The nachos get all soggy if you don't devour the whole thing within 5 minutes - especially after the amounts of O SAUCE it drenches in.  So alternatively, GET THE QUESADILLA.  The PERFECT blend of cheese and meat in the PERFECTLY crispy tortilla shell. YUM.  OH and of course, ADD THE O SAUCE!If you come here on a Thur, Fri or Sat night after midnight, be prepare to wait!  Everyone and their mamas come here after some dranky drank.  Oh, and if you want to take O sauce home, better not try to sneak it out or the giant security guards will whip your ass.  You can buy a bottle, if you love it that much.  WHICH I DO.  Back in my San Diego days, I have friends bring me a bottle, and I eat it with carne asada fries.  OH SO HEAVENLYLa Vics is an awesome place to go. No, its not the greatest Mexican food ever, no they don't wait on you, no the orange sauce is not the greatest thing since sliced bread.So why do I love it? Where else can you go after a night of binge drinking at two in the morning and order a semi-authentic carne asada taco? After getting thrown out on your ass by asshole security at Tres, this is a great place to go and nurse your wounds. Be warned, if you come after school lets out or after the bars close, the line is going to be out the door. Is it worth the wait when Jack in the Box is right next door? Hell yeah.ORANGE SAUCE ROCKS! You have to come here to try the sauce. It doesn't matter what you order to put it on. The orange hot sauce here is super addicting. It makes all their food taste even better. You can buy a bottle of it for about $7. I have a bottle of it in my fridge right now in fact. =)My favorite item to order here is the Super Carne Asada Quesadilla. It really is a SUPER quesadilla. Besides the basic meat and cheese it also has sour cream, guacamole and salsa inside. It's like a bean-less version of a burrito for me (don't like beans). Anything on the menu should be great. They make your food when you order it. So your food will always be piping hot off the grill. =) Also, it's a good late night spot to go. They're open until 3AM. Good for post-clubbing in Downtown San Jose. Eat enough of the orange hot sauce and maybe it'll sober you up enough to drive home. =PI'm sorry everyone but I hate this place. I used to be a fan of their orange sauce and their chicken quesadillas however, after two instances of 1. finding a bug in my drink and 2. getting food poisoning and ending up in the hospital for 5 days, this place is NO GOOD! Their meat had the E.coli bacteria and it ended up in my kidneys. Very bad experience.   On top of my trip to the hospital, a couple of years back, they got shut down  for not passing their restaurant health inspection. I hope they made some changes at La Vic's. All i know is I will NEVER be making a trip to La Vic's!Dear La Vics,Please stop being so stingy with the orange sauce. I mean, how much can the tub of lard that you use to make it even cost? $2 for a gallon? You do make it taste amazing, though.And please don't give me that look when I ask for more sauce. You never fill up those tiny things anyway.xoxo,MehganThis stupid review is making me want some La Vics now! Food quality has gone down hill a bit over the last few years but it's still good. I always get the Carne Asada Super Burrito. Still one of the best burritos I've had. Get it with no beans. For some reason, once the beans hit my mouth, everything starts to taste a little off. The nachos are good and HUGE! I finished it myself and let me tell you, it was WWIII in my stomach. And the orange sauce, I don't even need to touch on that. If you guys buy the bottle, make sure you seal the opening or else it'll ROT real quick in the frig."La Vic's" is hands-down the most overrated restaurant in San Jose. The place is constantly swarming with college kids, the food is excessively greasy, the prices are nothing to get excited about, they have a credit card limit, and the coveted "Orange Sauce" tastes like pork fat mixed with mayonnaise (which is supposedly what it is made out of).More often than not, they've messed up my order. Also, food poisoning from one of their fine dishes ruined an otherwise pleasant evening(morning, rather) with a lady.I have absolutely no motivation to ever patronize this establishment again. Particularly, since at least two other Mexican restaurants reside on the same block.Well I haven't tried too much burritos out there but I think this is the best burrito I and taco place I have ever tried and it's dirt cheap!I have gone to" fancy" Mexican restaurants I still think this is betterI LOVE the orange sauce!The only thing I dislike that it's in downtown and parking is hecticThe one in Almaden Expwy is too ffar from where I liveSolid four stars!!I just moved up to San Francisco from San Diego, so I've had a wide range of Mexican food / sauces.  San Diego - by far - beats anywhere in the Bay Area that I've been.  Still, everywhere I've been in San Francisco has been shitty... EVEN in the mission.  Food is mediocre and I have yet to find a hot sauce that I really love.So here we have La Vic's... somewhere in between, but leaning toward 4.5 stars because their Orange sauce is amaaaazing!I would completely be okay with bringing my own food here and putting their hot sauce on it... and it would taste amazing.Downsides are... 1) long wait 2) terrible parkingBut is it worth it?  Yes!!I've had Iguanas and claimed it was better than La Vics...Until I came home drunk one night and told my sister that La Vics have the best burritos ever???I remember skipping out on Iguanas that night because the line was too long but La Vics was the best food I've ever tasted drunk.More update to come as I will one day buy burritos from both places and have a side by side comparison!!It's all about the orange sauce....yumma!  Quesadillas and burritos here are delish and huge.  I love this place, but my waistline does not.  For this reason, I'm sure glad I do not live or work by here.Parking situation is frustrating.  Sometimes I buy a drink at Jack in the Box in order to park in their lot and then hop over to La Vic's.  Hehe :)damn it! i just found out what the orange sauce is made out of! BOOOO.I've been going to La Vic's for nearly a decade (yah, I'm that old!) and i just found out the orange sauce has (if you don't want to know the truth, cover your eyes!!!)  ... chorizo fat in it!!!!! that sucks. no wonder it is delicious, but i know a lot of vegetarian friends that go there and thought this whole time they were eating vegetarian food. plus, the service here (San Carlos) is horrible, they are extremely rude and let's be honest, the food (without the orange sauce) is just okay at best. i lived in San Diego and even the worst place there smokes La Vic's out of the water.  most people i know just get the orange sauce and then go to Iguana's and use it on their burritos. I'm not the bashing type, but i had to just let everyone know what the sauce is really made of. imagine how many vegetarians or Muslims probably use that sauce unknowingly.... sad.So I guess this would be San Jose State's equivalent of UCSD's Roberto's...or should I say Rigoberto's? (still sounds weird). It's very close to campus and seems like a place that would be packed after a night of partying. Kind of cool how the actual taqueria is hidden behind the facade of a house. I guess they only use the upstairs for storage or something.It's weird how all the Mexican places in the Bay Area have super burritos and super quesadillas, while they don't exist in San Diego. Anyway, gotta go for a super chicken quesadilla here. They come perfectly crispy and hot, but it's pretty hard to eat as the chicken juices leaked everywhere. But that's okay because the main reason for coming here is for the orange sauce. I must admit, this orange sauce is even better than the salsa verde that I know and love. The secret ingredient has to be chipotle mayo. The super nachos are only okay. The only thing I regret is not getting another quesadilla as they aren't too  large in size...and also more orange sauce to go on top of that.Orange Sauce.That is all.Whether you order a burrito or a taco or whatever ... orange sauce. That is the ONLY this that makes this place what it is.F*CK this location! im never returning to this location. a couple people and i decided to eat here after club/bar hopping. when we walked out the taqueria, the security followed us out and accused us of stealing their orange sauce.why would you accuse me of stealing the bottle when im wearing skinny jeans, fitted tee, and flats??? and even shine your flashlight at my shoes like i hid it in my flats?! the person who cleaned our tables picked up our sauces when we finished our food. the one star is for the orange sauce, which i did not take home with me! ..and it was what made the burritos taste good. this is one of those establishments that have high reviews and all hype because its open late and convenient for late night club hoppers (who arent sober and anything can taste good when youre not sober).A-OK. Pros:Quick serviceCheap foodSlight taste of spiciness in the orange saucePretty large burritosCons:Hard to find parkingDry carne asadaTortilla tastes and seems kinda cheapComments: Orange sauce is a little overrated. It's good, but at the same time the burritos can go without it. I ordered the super burrito with carne asada. I don't know how I forgot, but my friends recommended the Iguanas or something of that sort. The food came decently quick for the amount of people there at ~1030ish pm. One little mishap they did have was giving my friend the wrong order even though they called her number. It did get worked out, but I'm a person who always thinks the customer should always be "right." Never argue with a customer. The lady called 92, and my friend went up with her 92 ticket. The lady probably didn't look at it and just handed her any burrito.Overall, the place is good. Steak was a little dry, so I wouldn't get that again. I'll probably go chicken or Iguana's (?) next time. I'm sure the SJSU people love it since it's open until 3am. Bathroom is kinda janky so if you're a girl, you should probably go next door to Jack in the Box to do your business there.I used to LOVE La Vics.That was until one unfortunate night, when customer service went down the drain-got lodged in the pipe-and.... someone *hit on it. I don't expect a ton, here, but when I order something and you get my order wrong, I expect you to fix it, not argue with me about what it was I ordered in the 1st place.A few years back, I ordered something with a corn tortilla.  Instead I got a flour tortilla.  This is important because I really can't stand flour tortillas....Moving on, I ordered one thing, got the other, and tried to have my order remade.Rather than remaking my food, the dude at the register fought with me, and then threatened to "arrest" me, with the big Rent-a-Cop they have working security.Seriously?I even tipped that night, and everything.  What a total joke! This place hasn't gotten my money in like 6 years.When *I* think of Mexican food, I think only of quesadillas, and this is all thanks to La Vic.  More specifically, all thanks to their Chicken Super Flour Quesadilla with extra cheese, a bottle of The Orange Sauce, and an Horchata to cool the taste buds protesting my overzealous consumption of the delicious, spicy sauce-drenched meal.  The Al Pastor Enchilada plate is also good when you have a bit more time to dine, since it takes them slightly longer to prepare.  Oh, and the Strawberry Juice was a recent delightful discovery that I would recommend as well.  Tasty food, quick service, and bargain prices are what inspire me to return once a week on average.03/24/2007 Update: Removed 1 star.  La Vic's Super Nachos beats those from Iguanas Taqueria around the corner, but I must admit to having overcome the La Vic hype a bit.I think people actually come to La Vic's to eat the Orange Sauce.  You're actually paying for its condiments.They need to start marketing and selling their sauce outside of their stores. I don't like the idea driving over the hill for some of that sweet seduction.With SJSU just down the block, i reckon the lines get ridiculous, especially during the late night hours.  They managed to fix up the interior with some fresh tabletops, mirrors, and paint.  Now throw in more than 2 parking spots and we got ourselves a grand slam.I just moved into my new home a month ago, and as a housewarming gift, my friend gave me a bottle of La Vic's Orange Sauce. I must say, that was the BEST present EVER!This is the best thing they have here... To me, Mexican food is mexican food. It's all the same ingredients but just prepared different. BUT - slather on that spicy La Vic's ORANGE SAUCE and you've officially rewarded your tastebuds!!This specific location tends to get crowded, with long lines, especially at the late night hour.  My suggestion: CALL AHEAD of time and order. This will prevent you from having to wait in the long line.Other than that - buy a bottle of the orange sauce and put it on any burrito, taco, etc. MUY BUENO!It wasn't until recently I ventured out the night life in downtown San Jose. My friend would take us here all the time. I love it! I always get the super steak buritto with no beans and split it with one of my girl friends. The infamous orange sauce is genius. I have seen people finishing the whole bottle-- which is a bit crazy. What is this? Crack? Ya. It is great after too many shots of tequila. I haven't had this sober yet-- this shall be my next mission. Also, be aware of the creepers that are out in front.On our last visit to CA, we stopped at a friend's house for a dinner of pizza, salad, and a butt load of beer. My friend Jamie pulled out a condiment bottle filled with some dark orange sauce, and I instantly knew what it was. Orange sauce on salad, orange sauce on pizza, even orange sauce on my finger.... I was a happy girl. La Vic was my saving grace many a drunken night, and the orange sauce my prince on a white horse, keeping away the next day's evil hangover and making me smile...... Yes, the food at La Victoria's is fine, but it really is all about the orange. I would pay triple digits to find out the ingredients in this condiment. I was so thrilled when my buddy gave me a bottle to take home with me! Now I just have to convince him to pack some in a cold shipping container, and mail it to me on a weekly basis.  __________________________________|                                                                               \|                                                                                 \|                                                                                  |----------|                          What are you made of ?             |______ORANGE!|                                                                                  ||                                                                                 /|__________________________________/Surpringly good!  I was just across the street dropping of FedEx when I saw lunch!  I was in the mood for Mexican food and just hopped in this converted house that was bustling with college kids.  Every where was packed, they had a few tables and then just the counter up front.  The cashier was friendly enough and quick.  Be warned though the line gets really long and it could take a while to get your order with only 2 chefs in the back.  I ordered a carne asada super burrito - it was under $6 I think.  It was so good, the meat was flavorful, it didn't get soggy, everything was just so yummy.  And of course huge!  And not to be denied is the orange sauce - it was good like the hype says.  I would defintely come here again.This place is ok, if it weren't for the orange sauce I'd probably give it 2 stars. The burrito at another restauraunt near by is way more flavorful and worth the value. I just wish that place had orange sauce than it would be the best of both worlds. I would recommend going here for the sauce, possibly even order the sauce, because they do sell the sauce, and maybe try it on another burrito.La Vics, La Vics, La Vics...  Downtown San Jose's best late night spot.Key Highlights:I heart Orange SauceDrunk La Vics is greater than Sober La Vics$6 Burrito = WinLets be real, the food is not that great but the Orange Sauce can save anything! I put it on a cookie once and that s#!t was delicious! *Please note: I was very drunk and probably wouldn't do it again*Whether you are drinkin Crown, Henn, Patron, Goose or Sky at Temple, Tiki, Vivid or Voodoo, La Vics is the perfect way to end a night in in San Jose.I have not enjoyed my last few visits here. It is not what I remembered from high school, or maybe I just have seen outside of San Jose and what the world has to offer.. but then again the rest of the world does not have that orange sauce.Yeah the last couple of times my food was not great. I did not enjoy my burrito, and my quesadilla was really soggy. Tonight, even though I already had other food beforehand, I really enjoyed my carne asada quesadilla. It was cooked perfectly and crunchy. There were not a lot of people there, which really helped because I hate it when this place is packed and you stand around awkwardly trying to steal people's seats. La Victoria, you are lucky, if it wasn't for that sauce.....The place is usually packed with people and they have friendly security guards. The place is open late and has a lot of people from San Jose State University. On weekends, many people from the clubs come here to eat and make the lines extra long. However, many people who are not from the area might not like the drunken atmosphere but the place is open late so I expect people to be buzzed looking for food. I usually get the super burrito with orange sauce. I love the orange sauce. The orange sauce is kinda spicy but I always get some water or a Horchata.  I love coming to this place late nights with my friends because it is close to campus and I usually see a lot of friends here late night.La Vic's is my favorite place to go for delicious Mexican food. The only thing is that the restaurant itself doesn't have enough space for all the people who want to eat there! A tip? Get the veggie quesadilla with extra orange sauce. :)Wow, 503 reviews and counting, and all of them mention the...well, this review will NOT mention the color of that oh-so-delicious sauce.But just to make sure everyone's on the same page, it's the color that rhymes with......Wow, nothing rhymes with you, oh-color-of-sauce-that's-oh-so-delicious.(And I know you all are thinking 'purple' because nothing rhymes with purple, but that's just silly.  There's no such thing as a purple sauce!)(Somewhere out there a jar of grape jelly is crying because I just claimed it doesn't exist.  Stop crying, grape jelly, or you will soon turn into raisin jam.  I digress.)Instead, let me talk about the awesome services that La Victoria's offers to its patrons.  First of all, security is top notch!  There's a big, burly guy with a black security shirt hanging around.   Now, you might think hired security guards slack off on the job, but not at this taqueria.  They're focused.  Like hawks.  I've seen them completely ignore fistfights that happen right outside the restaurant because they're so intent on making sure that NO table in the restaurant has more than one bottle of the sauce-that-is-oh-so-delicious. I have not seen such dedication to the security of precious resources since Bush invaded Iraq for its oil.Speaking of security, there is always an ambulance waiting directly outside the restaurant.  This has allowed me to eat the greasy Mexican food with impunity.  So I order my: super nachos (tortilla chips covered in nacho cheese sauce with carne asada, sour cream guacamole, beans and salsa) or carne asada super flour quesadillas (carne asada, sour cream, guac, and salsa grilled inside a flour tortilla) and I feel safe in slathering every single bite with the oh-so-delicious-sauce-who-has-a-color-nothing-­rhymes-with.  Arteries be damned!Sometimes I have even been tempted to just squeeze sauce directly from bottle into mouth.  You know, to save calories.Orange....%^(*&#@!Major suck.  They advertise that they close at 2 am, but they have a jinga security guy who won't let you in after 1:30am.   1:30 is not 2:00.   May they burn in the fires of hell.**Update: They now close at 3am.  I am not generally looking for tacos at 3am, so I don't know if this is true, but I bet they actually close at 2:30am.  Still the tacos are decent, so I'll up my 1 star.  I hate people who rate 1 star**With a little better consistency in their quality, I'd give this place 4 stars.  But don't get me wrong.  This place is excellent.  It's a small little Victorian living room with the guests dining at tables along the walls.  With lines that pile up in the middle of the room, it can get pretty busy.If you know how to order a good burrito, La Vic's (that's what we call it here) will give you a good burrito and top it off with a powerhouse orange sauce to crave for.  Most orders should be ordered specifically in a certain way to achieve optimal satisfaction.  Over the years I have seen the service staff grow and improve their ability to comprehend specific orders.  With some help needed in the English department notwithstanding, their service is becoming more capable.Reminder:  Dare to make your orders specific and not as is, because that is when the food comes out great.Quesadillas: should not be ordered with salsa on a to-go order.  In fact, they should not be ordered to-go, period.  Firstly, they wrap it in foil, which steams it and loses its crunch rapidly.  Secondly, the salsa just adds to a soggy texture. Thirdly, the salsa is mediocre in the quesadilla, so I always leave it out."regular corn quesadilla, no salsa".  that's how I order it.  The nice crunchy edges and freshly melted cheese really tops off a tough day of midterms or work.  I don't like the flour quesadillas because it feels too dry and floury.  It kind of takes away from the cheesiness, no pun intended.Veggie Burrito: Don't order this. Instead, get what I get.  For years, I have ordered this standing order and conditioned the staff to gradually get better at understanding it.  So thanks to me, you can order this too and they'll know what you're talking about.  I remember the first 5 months.  I kept getting perplexed facial expressions.  anyway, order this "Hi. I'll have a regular burrito with only rice, beans, cheese, and sour creme. Nothing else. NO MEAT"  You have to stress "no meat" at the end.  That's to satisfy a checklist in their head.They'll ask you what kind of beans so say, "REFRIED".  That's the optimal combination for a killer burrito.The salsa and guacamole are just par, so I leave them out in ALL orders.  From how the food is structured, lettuce seems to only make the burritos worse.If you really need meat, I hear craves mostly for either the chicken or steak burrito.  When you order these, just go for the traditional with no salsa or guacamole.  Just rice, beans, cheese, sour creme, and meat.  That's probably the best combination out there.The enchilada entrees are pretty good.  They look delicious when they come out. There is an entire layer of melted cheese and it looks thick and delicious.  But once you bite into the enchiladas there... the flavors are kind of lacking.  It's not as power-packed in flavor as it looks.  You'll most likely need the orange sauce to help out, but I tried and it doesn't go well with it.  Nachos:  If you want a big quantity, order this to-go.  You get more bang for your buck.  Same with ordering chips n salsa... get that to-go.  Anyway, the nachos use the cheap melted artificial sauce.  The chips they use are standard tortilla chips.  I prefer the freshly made ones that some taquerias have... it tastes freshly baked or deep fried. The nachos are very filling and dangerously unhealthy.  The artificial cheese, sour cream, meat, etc.  Careful on this one!  Flavorwise... I'm not too crazy about it.  The messy fingers isn't worth it for this dish.  I'd rather go with my favorite quesadillas and burritos for a more satisfying fill.The orange sauce can be really spicey at times if they're not careful when they make it.  In fact, the spiciness has increased over the last 2 years.  If you want an alternate, use the green sauce.  It is actually pretty good.  It goes well with the quesadillas at best.  Orange sauce will go best with the burritos and quesadillas.Chips and SalsA:  You need to come with enough experience to tell if their chips are stale or not.  Because they want to be speedy, they bag chips already for those who wish to order to-go.  And so, these open paper bags of chips just sit there for a while and can go hard.The busy hours of this place have been extended and it's hard to predict quiet hours nowadays.  The place is too popular!  However, for good food and great prices, it's worth the trip and slight wait in line.I can't believe the overall review of this place is so low. The carne asada super burrito with extra orange sauce on top is the best burrito I have had in San Jose. They use great tortillas and fresh salsa as well!I have to be honest.  My heart wants to give this 5 stars.  Then I realized that the only reason I really like this place is the orange sauce.  If this review was for the sauce, 6 stars.  Everything else is pretty standard taqueria fare.  Good, filling, especially awesome after a night of drinking.  And remember, get the orange sauce.  You can buy it by the bottle.My girlfriend and I both consumed two carne asada super burritos, and almost a full squeeze bottle of their orange sauce in less than 20 minutes. They have a way of making their soft tortillas toasted crispy and fresh, and it made every bite worth it's mouthful. I almost sported a take-home bottle but I just couldn't stomach wanting to burp garlic for the next few weeks. I immediately went home and fell asleep. Mission accomplished.They did screw our order up, and the order before our's; but we just paid the difference and all was good in the hood.For those of you who have been to San Diego, La Vicks is like the Rigobertos of San Jose, complete with a line of drunk people and dirty tables. It's open late (but not 24 hrs), so it's the place to go for San Jose State students or people who were drinking downtown. Their food is just okay--the menu basically offers burritos/quesadillas/tacos/nachos in reg or super. The burritos aren't very good, I usualy get their quesadillas..nothing amazing. But their ORANGE SAUCE makes anything and everything taste good!! They sell it by the bottle for $6--BUY IT! I have friends who like it so much they have people bring it down to socal for them, or they just use it with plain white bread or tortillas.2 stars for the carnets burrito5 stars for the orange sauce (that i swear is laced with crack or something)4 stars for the drunken crowd at around 3 am ( - stars for annoying people inside, but ++++ stars for watching 3 drunk girls fall down the front steps. okay that's kinda mean but they kept doing it!!)got here at exactly 3:00 on a friday night and they happily served me and my friends our food. plus, some people ran in after 3 and they still served them (Burritos only though)props to la vics for dealing with the ridiculous crowd. don't know how they do it!!I luurrve the burrito, el taco and all things Taqueria!!! So while the fare here is decent especially when bathed in the famous "orange" hot sauce (which is decidedly tasty), it is by no means anywhere even close to the best the South Bay has to offer. So while I can only honestly give this place 3 stars, I realize most of the clientele are SJSU students that prolly can't make it out to the taco truck in Alviso or Taquerias Latina or Jalapas in Sunnyvale, my personal faves for SouthBay burrito+taco talent.So yes, enter La Vic's anytime after 9 pm on a weekend night and it is overflowing with drunk college kids.  You cannot tell me that girls flowing out of their tube tops and falling over onto their friends because of the inability to work high heels when drinking is not entertainment in itself.  However if drunks are not an ideal form of entertainment for you as they are for me, then just don't come to this place during popular drinking/partying hours.  Oh yes, i should probably review the food.It's not anything to write home about, probably no better than the average cheap n fast mexican taqueria, but the orange sauce is DELICIOUS...it goes so well with everything, I've even used some on my scrambled eggs the morning after buying a burrito...And does anyone find it funny that a taqueria has bouncers?I love college.Alright. I MAY be giving this place way too many stars for its own good. I moved out of San Jose 4 years ago and no other Mexican place here in LA has tingled my taste buds like La Vics has. Not sure if its the nostalgia or the 6 hr drive that makes me want to come here every time I'm back in town.People are right; their burritos are no where out of the ordinary; it is truly their orange sauce that makes them stand out. It's just that good! There is always a line, especially during the after hours when all the drunk San Jose club heads strut their way over. Which totally reminds me of this super weird incident that occurred here last summer:So my cousin's friend was just eating her burrito after a long wait. Chomp chomp chomp. Enjoying it like no other. Then out of no where, his random, strange, drunk mofo swoops in from her blind spot and takes a hefty,  juicy, teeth-marking bite into her burrito! Straight up! WTF right?? Appalled, she puts the burrito down and just looks at him and this weirdo acts like nothing happened. Our friends got upset and wanted to confront this dude but I left before any real madness happen. Not only is La Vics the home of the special orange sauce, it also is home to drunk weirdos. Be prepared to see some craziness during the late night hours, but hopefully it's not a fight!I have been putting off writing reviews for a while for many reasons but the horrible nature of La Vic's just makes me need to put my foot down. The food is terrible. You could go to any other mexican place and get a better burrito. The crowds are huge and the lines painful when you go in after being drunk and rejected by San Jose's "great nightlife." Everyone says that the food is good because of the orange sauce. If that is really the case, in which I don't fully agreee with, then a better solution would be for this awful "taqueria" to close down and just sell the sauce. Then good restaurants could stay open late and use the sauce and San Jose would oh so much better to live in.I have tried to eat here on several occasions - Drunk, buzzed and not at all drunk. On all occasions the end result has been severe gastonomical pain. I have vomited their  burrito in all stages of aforementioned intoxication and the best was when I was drunk because I didn't have to remember the pain caused me by this food. I don't recommend anything here. Maybe San Jose born people can stand it but I recommend to all outsiders run to the hills and eat Taco Bell. Its safer and won't keep you praying to the porcelain god as nearly as much as this establishment. I have more awful things to say but I am trying to keep this review short and as friendly as I can stomach much like their burritos.I used to go to La Vic's in high school and get the chicken super quesadilla. They were the best quesadillas ever in my opinion. I couldn't get enough!Unfortunatly that all ended when my brother and I both got a horrendus case of the hershey squirts after eating here....That was about 4 years ago and I haven't been back since. Based on the current reviews it seems that they may have corrected this problem. But dare I chance another case of ass vomit? only time will tell.La Victoria in San Jose is authentic delicious mexican food! Their menu is traditional Mexi fare and the prices are beyond reasonable!  If you like quesadillas, be prepared to have the quesadilla of your life.  Unlike most taquerias, the quesadillas are grilled to perfection.  What keeps me coming back is the chile verde.  It is the BEST chile verde I have ever had!  The chorizo, in my opinion, is too greasy.  They also have this special orange hot sauce, that reminiscent of a MUCH better version of taco bell quesadilla sauce.  It is in between a spicy tapatio and a smokey chipotle.This is one of the few places where I will deal with the crazy drunk people, long lines, fights that break out in the long lines, and crowded tables for a hot, greasy serving of CA Mexican food (note: different from authentic Mexican food, because i'm pretty sure no where in Mexico will you find a recipe for orange sauce). The quesadilla is where it's at. I got it with carne asada but i'm pretty sure that with all that queso and grease, you wouldn't even be able to tell what kind of meat goes in there. As if it wasn't gooey enough already, I poured on that orange sauce, and made sure I didn't  waste a single drop, and like others on here have said, it IS that damn good.Like most people, I came at night after partying in downtown San Jose. Not sure what this place is like at any other time. If you've had a good night, this is a great way to top it off. If you had a bad night, this will surely pick you back up. Provided, you can deal with the crowd and crazies.This place is an absolute joke and a pure abomination to Mexican cuisine. Sure, this restaurant might have a cool sauce and be a popular college hangout, but if you want to throw your money into the toilet that this crap will end up in, do it elsewhere.La Victoria's has 3 flavors: Salty, watery, and greasy. I ordered a carne asada nachos (mind you that they came out to 8 dollars) that were absolutely disgusting. They immersed the entire dish in that liquid nacho cheese that you can buy in a can. The low quality scraps of meat (I can assure you that this was no steak) were overly salted. Even the pico de gallo that they used was salty. I literally ate a pile of salt and cheese.My friend's al pastor burrito tasted like the pork had been boiled instead of sauteed. It was just THAT soggy and watery, and halfway through you could see grease spilling over the sides of it. It was utterly disgusting. If the counter girl hadn't been so nice, we would have taken that food and given it right back to them.Avoid this place at all cost, if you're in that part of town, there are better taquerias that you can go to. This restaurant has absolutely zero redeeming qualities other than a couple of attractive workers.I like the San Jose branch better than the one in Redwood City; my favorite dish (see below) is superior there. And you've got to like the sort of "down and dirty" Mexican food they prepare.  But I am a real fan of the Vegie Quesadilla, especially when it's embellished with their special orange salsa.  Yum.  A four-star lunch -- or, I should say, a four-napkin lunch, 'cause it's very drippy!Really hyped up. Orange sauce is sometimes too salty. Food if okay. If you want something that tastes good here, go for the carne asada fries.Gooood ol' La Vic's! You get 2.5 stars!1 star for the orange sauce!!!! 1 star for being open late night after clubbin' or hoppin' aaaand.5 star for the ORANGE SAUCE!I swear I think the orange sauce is what makes this place, otherwise the burritos would taste bland....boring. And seriously, you'd feel cheated!So, yay for La Vic's and their orange sauce.Oh also, I love the fact that it was down the street from school. That was always fun. hehe! But don't let the low rating deter you from experiencing La Vic's. Just don't be disappointed if you decide to pass on the orange sauce....Rip off! I used to love La Vic's but now I'm over it. The quality has gone down (fillings are less) and the wait is ridiculous. I ordered a super burrito last time and it took 10 minutes (I was the only one waiting too =_=...everyone else had already gotten their food in the restaurant). When I got back to school I started eating it but realized they didn't include the condiments that make a super a super! Where was my guacamole? My sour cream? And my salsa?? WTF? Not going again, the quality has gone down, the wait is ridiculous and I was jipped of the extra calories that I wanted! Only good thing was the cashier was nice...but c'mon if I'm going for food I want good food. Overall my jipped burrito was whatever. Could have gotten same quality at school and wouldn't have had to walk as far. Lame."oh my godddddddd" is what you will say when you taste some of the orange sauce of this place.  It did for me.  1 order of Steak quesadilla.  Splash orange sauce over it.  Bite.  Heaven.  Nuff said.Well, you must get something and try the Orange Sauce.What else is there to really say?The line can get long and your safety might be compromised after clubs get out. Good thing there are security guards!Amazing Chicken Torta's! My favorite!Orange sauce, smorange sauce. Yeah, it's super good, and yeah, i could probably just drink a cup of it and not order anything to go with it, but a sauce doesn't make a restaurant in my book.The rest of the food at this place is super average. If it wasn't for the orange sauce, it wouldn't even be memorable, just another run of the tortilla mill place. But they do have the orange sauce, and it is really, really good. I'm still trying to figure out exactly what it is. Some kind of blend of salsa and...mayo? or some cream based thing? like sour cream or heavy cream? I'm not sure, but it's good.Check it out for the sauce, heck they even sell it so you don't even have to get any food here, just buy the sauce and take it to a better taqueria.PROS: It's open late. The orange sauce and the green sauce. It's good drunk food.CONS: After the clubs close, expect the line to be out the door. Hey, drunk people need their nourishment. There are certain times that the meats aren't as flavorful or moist, I've been here a couple of times and the meat was dry.Con: parking is a PITAPro: the food is amazingI want that sauce!! Now I'm hungry again!Good: Burrito 2.5 stars. Just an average burrito nothing bad nothing special. ORANGE SAUCE however turns this run of the mill buritto into a 5 star treat. Bad = AVOID this place during a busy lunchtime. Be careful although there may be no line pay attention to those waiting for orders. The staff is obviously working hard, just clearly understaffed. 20 minutes for a burrito is too long!I wish this place was a Taco Truck and would travel over the hill to Santa Cruz, so I could immerse myself in a bath of Orange Sauce and Carne Asade Burritos. After that I would like to eat a cereal bowl full of burrito stuffing with Orange Sauce as a substitute for my milk. Oh by the way I really really like their Orange Sauce. Of all the Mexican restaurants that I have been to in my day. The Orange Sauce is definitely the most delicious, innovative and amazing sauce out there. Its so good they sell their sauce for 6 dolla!.I came here extremely hungry, and I needed a burrito to quell my appetite. The burritos and sauce are soo good, with every bite I smothered my burrito with the sauce, until it was drenched. Then I went for the Kill.  Then I took another bite.....The formula goes:1. Start with a Purchase of a Carne Asade Super Burrito2. Put Orange Sauce on Burrito3. Take a huge bite of Burrito4. Put Orange Sauce on Burrito. Repeat5. Repeat steps 1-56. Repeat steps 1-5 until burrito is devoured.WARNING: Special Orange Sauce may run out before the burrito is completed.  This may cause anger, frustration, and overall unsatisfactory results. It  also may cause individuals to steal the sauce in desperation.This place is incredible. The only reason it does not get 5 stars is because it is not in my area, but more importantly there is no is Salsa bar, and other then their nachos, I am not sure what else is good! It definitely holds the title for the best Taqueria in the world!La Vics is pretty much considered to be the go-to spot for San Jose's late-night clubbers and SJSU students. It is within walking distance of almost everything downtown, and most people do just that due to the lack of available parking spots. La Vics used to be really good, and was priced fairly. However, now that the word has been out and they have more customers, the quality and taste of their food has definitely diminished. The regular nachos (cheese, only) are close to $6, the Super Burrito retains its size but lacks any flavor at all, and the quesadillas are wrapped up like burritos (Wdfxup?!). Not to mention, when ordering to go, they're shady with their orange sauce and make you pay a quarter for each extra one (McDonald's status). At this point, though, not even the famous Orange Sauce can save La Vics, IMHO.F.Y.I. On busy nights, your wait can last up to half an hour from the beginning of the line until you get your food. The wait's annoying and not worth it, but it will give your wasted friends an opportunity to nap. :)Also, please be careful walking down the steps. They are narrow and incredibly steep. I have watched so many people fall and seriously hurt themselves. :(I went here with my friends and all I can say is this places is quite OVER RATED!! I mean yea the sauce is cool and its a good idea but people PLEASE! dont rate the place on the sauce! I mean this is going to sound harsh but even the chains like Baja Fresh is waaaay better than this. Why dont you guys try Taqueria La Bamba. Anyways back to the subject. So my friends ordered the carnitas reg, chicken reg burrito and I ordered the super burrito carne asada. 4 of my friends agreed teh burrito was bland and lacking in flavor AND INGREDIANTS!. Where the heck was the guacamole in my burrito and half of my burrito was missing meat. WTF! The rice is a lil below standard, pretty plain and dry. The burrito is suppose to be good itself not DOUSE it in the freaking orange sauce and THEN it beomces MODERATELY good. geeez i definitely agree w/ teh person below me FREAKING HYPE AND OVERRATED!!!Gave it a star cuz it was cheap and thats about it, the orange sauce is like.....SERIOUSLY PPL! its just some spicy sauce even sushi places have this sauce, will it comes quite close to it, such as sato sushi has this sauce and this sushi joint on aborn road. think of it has the bbq sauce for ribs like aramdillo willys or sams or texas smokehouse, maybe y'all will get over itIt's all about the orange sauce here, because the inside of the restaurant around 2AM is something to call home about only to bitch and complain about how it's so crowded that you don't have enough chairs for everyone in your party and that you can't get to the soda machine. We scored VIP parking right in front of La Vic's, where our friend said it was nearly impossible to get that spot. It was sprinkling outside, so this definitely was a plus, especially for me. My friend says that the burritos at Iguana's taste better, so if you're smart, you'll get some orange sauce at La Vic's then go over to Iguana's for a burrito there. The nachos at La Vic's looked heavenly though, so I'll definitely be back to try them. I was sort of in disbelief that there were so many SJ cops standing around in the middle of the street and outside La Vic's harassing young, black guys who were standing near the awning and by the stairs eating their burritos. Across the street from La Vic's there's a sign that says no parking 2AM - 6AM, so be very mindful of what time you get there because within minutes past 2AM, the cops will be there to ticket you.Avenged Sevenfold was Here.OMG M.Shadows is freakin gourgeous.I cant wait to come backWhenever I want to look 7 months pregnant, I drive my piggy ass on over to La Vics in downtown. The tacos here are amazing, even the veggie ones. They're loaded with fresh ingredients and are so fatty and filling, you wouldn't believe they were only $2.55 for just one.And that ORANGE SAUCE. They should call it Orgasmic Orange Sauce because that's what it is. Or maybe just Orgasm in a bottle. I've heard rumors that it's made with chorizo grease and mayo. Sounds disgusting right? Yet I keep coming back for more of it's artery clogging goodness... and so does the rest of San Jose! I'm telling you, it's addicting. I've gone twice this week and apparently I've lost all sense of shame because I scarfed down my last tacos in under 3 minutes. Looking like a savage with orange sauce all over my face and 3 extra pounds on my belly to show for it, I can admit it wasn't a pretty sight... but at least I was happy. :)Some days i wake up and wonder if God himself with personally deliver me a burrito that will change my life.  Well maybe God didn't personally deliver it but after several locals excitedly recommended La Victoria Taqueria and their magic orange sauce I knew this place would rock.I got the Carne Asada Burrito- and it was freaking amazing.  I can't wait to go back to San Jose to eat here.They have a good selection of different meats you can have on your burrito or taco or nachos.Just a tip- Their Nachos look amazing.Have you ever tried the food WITHOUT the orange sauce? This place's orange sauce is just MONEY - without it, the food just becomes ordinary - and because of the orange sauce, I award this place three stars - which in the scheme of it, is not bad, considering without the orange sauce, the food is just anything but extraordinary - its just ordinary.I first started coming here during my days at SCU and drunkenly stubling here after making the rounds in the downtown san jose bar scene. And did I love this place - not because it was one of the few places that provided relief for the after hour bar scene to help absorb the alcohol, but for one bigger reason - it was cheap and decent - and those were two important things to me when i was still a student. Because lets face it, any extra cash I had went to alcohol. I know I am not alone on that one. My favorite item on the menu to this day, which is also probably the only thing I order, is the super quesadilla - with carne asada. But you know what made my day - the day I found out you could order the food and tell them to put the orange sauce INSIDE your food when it cooks. That was MONEY. And to answer the eternal question, would the orange sauce taste good with (insert your favorite non-mexican food here - such as egg rolls, empanada, etc) - the answer is yes! The orange sauce makes everything good.So if youre looking for a good place thats open late and is cheap - because you may be broke - this is your place! You can't go wrong - well you will if you do not eat your food with the orange sauce.Orange sauce with a side of Super Nachos.  If you get a carne asada burrito, do me a favor and hold the rice and beans.  They don't belong in a burrito. (But sour cream and lots of guacamole do)This is a late-night-must-have.  I leave clubs/bars a little earlier just so I beat the horrendously long lines.  "You're only on #39?  BUT I'M HOLDING TICKET #80?!"Spongebob Awesomeness: 4 krabby patties and lots and LOTS OF ORANGE SAUCE. And a $6 bottle to-go.I had done a lot of late night dining in San Jose and I would tell you to go to The Jack In The Box next door. Most people love the food cause they are hammered.This place always gets raves from my friends about how good it is and how I have to go there and try the orange salsa.  Guys, I'm a coconut and I can't do spicy.  More over when you guys go here it's 2 in the morning and  inebriated so of course the food is going to taste good.  I'd rather go to Iguana's down the street or Los Gallos for their Ceviche behind them because this place is just a Taqueria and nothing special. I can't even tell you my Tacos I had there were good because I don't remember them.Oh my gosh, my first two star! And on Mexican food, never in my wildest dreams! But yep this place sucks. Yeah. Sorry, but after all the hype my friends at SJSU give this place, you expect so much before you go, once you take your first couple bites, I swear you're waiting for Ashton Kutcher to come out of the cuts any moment to tell you that you just got punk'd! I hold a high standard for Mexican food. And honestly, it's pretty hard to mess up :( I guess that's why their orange sauce or whatever is so popular, um to cover up bland taste of the burritos. It was so dry too, so hard to chew and everything. Needed about 3 cups of water to swallow it down. BTW I'm just talking about their burritos, not tacos, quesdillas or whatever else. I don't even think I would want to try those either...People who love this place, need to get out to SF or LA (Bomb.com) for burritos, gosh even a Gordos burrito is better than this. &No it is not "hellllla" good. stop lyyyying to me and other innocent people around you. Get outttta here.:)I'm sorta down with the sauce. I can just feel the grease adding pounds to my butt.In all, a tasty place to get greasy, fast Mexican food. long lines late at night. Strangely addictive pork grease & mayo orange sauce.So one day,my friend's Paco and Adrian open up a tattoo shop right next door to this taqueria.First thing i smell when i get out of the car is the heavenly sent of mexican cooking.I suddenly begin to get real hungry and decide to give this place a try...Glad i did!! La Victoria reminds me of the days me and my friend would visit his Abuela.Homestyle authentic Mexican cooking that will satisfy your hunger.Famous for the hot sauce(some of the best i have tried)as well as the bargain price you pay for huge portions....Try the Albndiga(meatball soup) or the Pozole(pork and hominy soup )..great on a cold and rainy day...I came here for the 1st time back in id say 2006, All my friends told me this was a bomb place to eat at. They said that they had this orange sauce which was why this place was so good.  I like this pale and all but the only thing that keeps me coming back to LAv is the sauce. The burrito could be better but oh well. But when i do get tired of the burrito which is if i come back for than 2 times a week, id like to go for the quesadilla(super of course), which is really bomb. The Super nachos are really good too but have to eat it quick because the cheese will make it soggy.But overall really nice place to eat esp. after clubsI have been going to La Vic for years, since I was a student at SJSU. Their recent remodel makes the place more appealing yet the food quality still remains as good as it was years ago. This is one of my favorite restaurants in downtown SJ.  I love their super tacos, carne asada...they are my favorite. Always consistent and delicious. My hubby loves their enchiladas...they are yummy too!Their orange secret sauce is what makes all the difference. Last, they make delicious strawberry drinks...they tend to get a bit busy late at night and during lunch hour but definitely worth waiting in line for :)This place is like Mexican food for kids who shop at American Apparel. I've been going to this place since the 8th grade, before, during, and after the wave of "omgzzz i love orange sauce!!' zombies.Seriously, it's not that great, if I wanted to get a hella good cheap taco, I'd go to that taco truck down the street. Also, the orange sauce isn't that great-- get over yourselves.I'm not a huge Mexican food fan, but I LOVE La Vics.  The place is pretty small, but the prices are very reasonable and the service is generally very fast.I highly recommend their chicken super burrito, smothered in their famous orange sauce.  Their orange sauce has a kick to it, but is not too spicy or overbearing, like I found the orange sauce at Iguanas to be.  Warning: their burritos are BIG.  You WILL be put into a food coma after you scarf one down.Totally does not deserve more than 3 stars. Seems like you people can't even eat this burrito without the orange sauce because the burritos here indeed suck without the sauce. SUCKY SUCK SUCK BUTT SUCKER SUCKY SUCK.The meat is waaaaaay too salty here. The only thing that IS good here is a quesadilla-- which does NOT need any sauce because it already tastes good as it is. If a burrito needs a sauce in order for it to taste good, then that just mean it sucks.I just wanted to add that I finally tried the Super Nachos (in ADDITION to my normal Veggie Tacos) and despite being ridiculously full, couldn't stop eating them.Is there a stomach expansion surgery I could get done just so I could eat more La Vic + orange sauce? I'll seriously look into it ...After downing a couple beautifuls at the bar (rhymes with Games), I was craving some good ol' Mexican food. So with a posse of drunkards, we all hoofed it from the bar all the way down to La Vic's. I had never been to this landmark location for SJSU students. This place was pretty busy for a Sunday night. I was told numerous times that this place taste better when your drunk. When I ordered my dish, I ended up getting a carne asada quesadilla. As I took a bite of the quesadilla, it was very cheesy and lacking the the carne asada.The orange sauce was good, but nothing to brag about. I was enjoying my buzz more than the meal. I ended up wasting my $4 carne asada quesadilla the next morning. I was praising the porcelain gods before I went to bed. The good thing about eating that quesadilla, I didn't have a hangover at work the next morning.I took a bite of my veggie burrito with black beans and thought, "Eh, how bland."  About five bites later I reached the part of the burrito where the salsa lived and I thought, "Yummy!"My husband dropped me off and went in search of parking.  There were several people smoking on the steps outside whom I rushed by because I was carrying my newborn.  Though the line was long inside, there were tables available; I guess most everyone gets their food to go.  The five of us got a table and two went to order.  My husband had a pork burrito.  He said the orange sauce was great, like the guajillo sauce of other restaurants but spicier.  Our friends had veggie tacos and casadillas.  One of them didn't like the horchata.  The line was consistently long and the restaurant was continually filled with a loud din.  My husband was unsure if he should wait in line again just to get another drink.  I would certainly get a burrito from there again.Hands down, the best burrito in San Jose.  I used to work in downtown San Jose, and my co-workers and I regularly ate at La Vic's.  Lunch:  La Vic's.  If we had to work late and eat dinner:  La Vic's.  Oh, how I miss La Vic's.  Our addiction to La Vic's became so strong that we began thinking about La Vic's as early as 9:15 a.m.  I always ordered the carne asada super burrito--no beans.  And, yes, as everyone else before me said, the orange sauce is great--even for a guy like me who tends to shy away from spicy food.  A little bit goes a long way.My only (very minor) critique is that the tortillas they use seem a bit too thin and flaky.  I would prefer that they be a little softer/chewier, with a little more texture.A caveat to those who haven't been here:  this place is not fancy.  It is, as its name suggests, a taqueria.  It's in (what appears to be) a converted Victorian home.  It is loud.  There aren't that many tables.  You go to the counter, place your order, and they call your number.  It's a great place for lunch or a late-night snack--but you wouldn't want to have a romantic meal here.Eating at this place at least once is inevitable if you live in San Jose. The legendary Orange Sauce is enjoyed by all, even people from outside the area. I remember barbecuing chicken with this stuff. It was pretty good. The food is aight. It's cheap, quick, and hits the spot if you have some munchies. The orange sauce must be eaten with everything- I don't know why this is so, but you pretty much have to.The only problem about this is the morning after eating this stuff. The orange sauce taste and smell doesn't go away, and I get real acquainted with the bathroom also. I always expected a morning-after experience after eating here late at night. Sometimes it's worth it, sometimes its not.If you haven't eaten here yet, try a burrito at least once. The only difference with the super and regular is the sour cream, cheese and guacamole.got a buzz, got an empty stomach, gotta be time for mexican food. Crazy yeah, but totally the food was hot and worth the $15 spent for nothing more than the chips were the bomb....Okay you get the picture...NOW GO!!!!Their orange sauce is just amazing, It literally goes with EVERYTHING on their flipping menu! I live in SoCal, so whenever I'm up in Norcal i ALWAYS HAVE TO make a stop here with my cousins. There is nothing like La Vic's in SoCal, but uhhhh cough cough*** Y'all need to have a la vic's down in soCal. It'd be cray cray, and a good opportunity to make BANK. Yummy's in my tummy: Drunk burrito, Carne Asada Fries Extra Crispy...... still more to try....Horchata here is alright, not as great as albertos. Service ain't too shabby. Parking..... not tha bizzness.I miss going to this place in between classes and studying at SJSU...this is practically a well-known establishment to SJSU students because the food is good, cheap and fast...most of the time. During busy hours it can take a while for your food to be prepared and it can be difficult to find a place to sit in the restaurant itself. The food is typical Mexican street fare food. My usual is their super flour quesadilla with carne asada. It hits the spot every time. Of course there's the ubiquitous orange sauce, which when added to just about everything, will make it ten times better.The parking situation wasn't so bad when I went to school at SJSU since I'd just park at the SJSU 4th Street garage, but the garage on 3rd and San Carlos Streets is perfect since it's only half a block from La Vics.Ever since I started going to SJSU I come here for two reasons: carne asada super burrito and the carne asada super quesadilla!  And the orange sauce? Man, I think that stuff would taste good on pretty much anything with meat. The food is great.. the super burritos are huge and will definately fill you up if you're hungry.  As for the quesadillas, they won't fill you up so much and they're a little messy but damn they are good.  The quesdaillas don't need the orange sauce so much but I pour that stuff all over my burritos =)Oh and unless you're going to spend over $6, bring cash because that's the minimum to use a card.In honor of Drinko de Mayo. Here is my homage to the infamous: La Vics. There comes a time around 1:15 AM on a Friday or Saturday night when you and your friends will hit a crossroad.In good ol' San Jo' it can easily come down to this: Mexican or Asian? a.k.a. Pho or La Vics? La Vics or Pho? Now the toss up goes to your degree of inebriation and making the most people happy. The more drunk you are, the greasier food you want. A super quesadilla will do the job for you and  become that absorbent sponge you need  for your liver. La Vic  - 1. But  the skinny bitches in your group will not eat carbs after 10 P.M. and Pho is much healthier - Lee Noodle House - 1. But the guys in your group will ask if you want to get shot at by some Viet Legits? La Vics - 2You won't have a place to sit at La Vics - Lee's 2Sriracha - Lee's 3Orange Sauce - La Vics 3 It's a toss up. Both are places I would go after a night out but not necessarily during the day when I can actually taste everything I am eating. Caveat: There are definitely better Mexican places that are more authentic and fresh. The orange sauce seems to blind our taste buds on how our food should actually taste. It's kind of like drowning your sushi in soy sauce. It's suppose to enhance the flavor of your food...not be the flavor.But it's good enough as far as fast food goes....that's if you are there for the sauce.2 stars for the sauce. 1 star - decent pricing/late night convenience.I was in San Jose and had a hankerin' for some good Mexican food. I ask a friend and she suggests, La Vics. (I can call it that now, since I am in the club, lol.) I go in, all the tables were full and some people were even eating on the stairs outside. (It is located in an old victorian home/turned business, which gives it a nice little home-ly feel.) So I knew it had to be some type of good.No line, ordered a super burrito with chicken, rice, beans, cheese, sour cream, guacamole. Oh and I had to get a side of the "famous" orange sauce.  It came with nice real chunks of chicken which I loved, standard rive and beans, and barely any cheese (next time I will ask for extra.) The burrito itself was huge, I barely finished it, but very tasty. I didn't really care for the guacamole because it was thin and spicy. I usually like mine thick and move avacodo-ier. BUT THE ORANGE SAUCE, OMG. It was amazing. Throw some orange sauce in that bad boy and you are set! I wish I could describe the sauce but it is like nothing I have ever tried. It's not spicy, just very flavorful. YUM. The lone reason I gave this place 4 stars was because of the sauce, otherwise it would have been three. Overall, it's a great place for some yummy mexican food. I here they are open late so that is another big plus. :DThe only reason this place is so popular is because of that watery, disgusting orange sauce. The food there is so unbelievably bland and poorly prepared! It's always overcrowded, the staff is rude and always screws up my order, and it's less-than mediocre food.Do yourself a favor, walk around the corner and get yourself something from Iguanas.I've been going to a conference annually in San Jose, and the main reason I keep requesting my work to send me back is because of this place! (J/K, if anyone from my work is reading this.) I've had the Carne Asade Super Burrito, which by itself, is a pretty good burrito. But, when it is combined with the wonderful orange sauce, it is like a party in my mouth. It is just the right amount of spice and just makes every bite so good. I had the orange sauce at Iguanas and it just wasn't the same.  The nachos were just OK, just cheese and jalapenos.Pros:AWESOME sauceOpen lategood fooddecent priced foodSecurity guards to keep weirdos in checkCons:They're shady with the sauce sometimesSome shady ass ppl go in there at nightIt is packed at lunch time and late at night on fridays and saturdays and mybe other dayNot too many seatsIve always been a fan of La vics and find myself going there really often after going clubbing or to a bar. Super burritos and super quesadillas are bomb there.Last time i was there after going to DnBs and i ran a little run in with some douche that thought he was badass with his 3 boyfriends. It basically went like this:Me: excuse me can i get to the napkins?Heir of the massengill fortune: say please.Me: Buddy, im not going to be rude to you but im not going to say please.A-sexual Douche: Say please.Me: I just need some napkins pal, and im not going to say please.He decided to move at that point. What a douche.Besides that, La vics is a great place to get good mexican food with an even better sauce.I always come here for their carne asada burrito and ORANGE SAUCE.  Their orange sauce goes well with anything.  If you enjoy it, definitely buy a bottle to take home!  Tables and seats here get taken quick since the place is located right next to San Jose State University.  They close off their second floor dining area at night for some reason.I don't eat here much, but I've only eaten the super burrito. It's very filling and I appreciate that there's guacamole included with no extra charge. Delicious with every bite. And of course, there will never be enough emphasis on how amazing the orange sauce is. It definitely makes the burrito 34982394 times better. Plus, the service is quick considering the amount of people that's always eating here. On a side note, I'm about to go eat it right now! That's why I went to go write this review. :D~ (drool)Friday night, midnight snack review.Set in what looked like someone's converted living room... I supposed this is one of "the spots" for SJSU students. Actually, it must be, as half-way into my burrito, I turned around and saw a line of at 15 people.I got the carne asada burrito. Nice portions, not very "carne asada"-ey. No where close to San Diego (or RWC for that matter) mexican joints.The food wasn't bad (clearly, since I destroyed my burrito), so I guess it's "average" The order of enchiladas  is huge (i think it comes with four), and the quesadillas looked tasty (didn't ask Joe or Connie C for their opinions).The best part perhaps, was the security guard, who was not only friendly, but made sure all the tables were cleared/cleaned after every patron exited. Don't know if it's part of his job description, but the dude was coo (w/o the "l").Late drunken nights pit stop before heading home.can i say..... ORANGE SAUCE ROCKS MY SOCKS?!?!?!i tend to steal the whole orange sauce bottle all to myself to slab on those burritos i am eating while trying to sober up with my friends...no sharing for me at 2am :)It's all about the orange sauce. People drink it up like Gatorade.Burritos on its own are decent but with the orange sauce they are spectacular. You can pour that stuff on tree bark and I am sure it will make it taste like heaven. Orange sauce has some serious super powers, like the ability to make 3-year olds eat broccoli.When I first moved to California in 2005, I was informed by San Jose locals that this Taqueria was a definite and frequent "must have". I have to admit that my review is slightly biased based on the fact that I hail from Ohio, and lets face it folks, even semi-authentic Mexican food just doesn't exist there. That being said, La Vic's will always hold a special place in my heart. However, after living in California for five years now, and having the opportunity to explore many more (and more delicious, may I add) Mexican food joints, La Vic's has definitely downgraded in stars. (I would have initially given it all five). So, without further ado, I give you the pluses and minuses of this infamous Taqueria:Pluses:+I know everyone has already raved about it, but the orange sauce is really the only reason I continue to come back. I swear it is laced with crack or some other addictive substance. That or it consists primarily of lard. Awesome.+You can buy the orange sauce by the bottle. It tastes good on ANYTHING. trust me.+They have delicious strawberry drink (fresas), most likely made with 99% with pure sugar, 1% strawberry chunks = 100% pure delciousness.+It's one of the few places that is open late that isn't Jack-in-the-Gross.+Like I said before, it holds a special place in my heartMinuses:+It's loud and almost always crowded. I guess when you're drunk it doesn't matter+The food is less than stellar -- I have been noticing lately that the burritos / tacos consist of extremely watery meat and by the time you're halfway through, your food is a soggy mess =(  If you want delicious semi-cheap mexican food, go to Iguana's, right around the corner. Really you should only come here for the sauce.+If you do come late and you're not intoxicated, be prepared to be surrounded by drunken idiots. Don't say I didn't warn you.AHH. I LOVE la vics!It took me awhile to actually go here even though I've heard so much about it. Even my little sister went here before i did O_O.I told her to order me whatever she liked the most cos she frequented this taqueria ~1 a week (during the peak of her addiction) and she ordered me the super flour quesadilla with carne asada. I remember I squished the twinkle in her eye when I told her that it was "alright" and that I liked it but I didn't understand why she would come here ALL THE TIME for this. It didn't leave me craving for more..Fast forward a few weeks later and I came back with my cousin and she told me she liked the burritos here. This is where I met my La Vics soulmate: Super Burrito, NO BEANS with carne asada. It was soooo good. I'm not a mexican food expert, but I thought it tasted fine without the sauce, but the orange sauce just made it 243567565345465743 times better.Sometimes it can get super crowded in here (most likely after 1am when clubs/bars are closing) and then you'll have no where to sit :[ so I usually try to go earlyish (before midnight). CASH ONLY CASH ONLY CASH ONLY! They used to accept credit cards, but I just went a few days ago and they have converted back to cash only (whyyy???).Service-wise, well there really isn't much except sometimes some of the employees bus your table for you and get rid of your trays. Its a little weird about how anal they are about their sauce (1 bottle per table, and they take it away as soon as they see that you're done eating), but I guess it's understandable seeing how popular this sauce is.. shoot they even have cameras cos people steal it!La vics is definitely one of my top picks to go to when I'm craving mexican food! Plus I think the little house it's in is super cute. :)I've never appreciated how delicious orange sauce tasted until I was drunk out of my mind.Then it's an amazing culinary adventure in my mouth!OK - normally, under sober circumstances, I couldn't care less for the orange sauce.  It kind of tastes like the creamy orange sauce that Korean-owned Japanese restaurants put on sushi, except with a slightly spicy kick.  I mean, nothing spectacular.But once alcohol enters the system, it changes my perspective on orange sauce.  It was like this spicy firework mixing with my gigantic carne asada super burrito - stellar!Though I have sobered up now, this review is based on my drunken taste buds.So this new location at San Carlos does not accommodate as much orange sauce lovers as the old place along Santa Clara. It's really cute though. But not really, if you're enjoying yourself dining, and there's people standing by you, as they're in line to order. Chris and i got 2 carne asada tacos and 2 chicken tacos. It was filling, but not satisfying anymore. The meat was kind of dry. and VERY SALTY.Thank goodness that the orange hot sauce saved the day.I also dislike the $0.60 refill charges.The only thing this place has going for it is the orange sauce and the late hours. Even still... there are other BETTER taquerias close enoughThe food is not very tasty. It literally needs the sauce to amount to any kind of flavor. There isn't enough seating considering how busy they get. I've just never been impressed with this place. What's with the .75 cents a refill? Really? It's soda. That is so stingy. I try to avoid eating here at all costs.Don't let this amazing restaurant's outside appearance fool you!  La Vic's is by far the best Mexican restaurant I have ever been to.  Their orange sauce is GODLY with the Carne asada super quesadilla.  La Vic's is unique because of their orange sauce and the skin of their quesadillas.  Honestly, if I went to SJSU, I would be eating at La Vic's everyday.I'm hanging out in San Ho this week for a work conference and had a hankering for Mexican. I was pretty excited about my options - for some reason I've got this idea that Mexican food in San Ho is better than SF.I convinced some co-workers to skip the free lunch, which wasn't hard considering the alternative would be forced to listen to patent law while mawing over boiled chicken, and go to La Victoria. After a quick walk we got in line. The line moved pretty quickly and I settled on a chicken and beef taco.That's when the real wait began. It was the lunch hour rush and this place gets *packed* for that famous orange sauce. First the good... because we had to wait so long for our food, we scored a table by the window. I like that there is a communal table down the middle of the place. When we finally got our food, the tacos were fairly tasty. The beef taco was much better, the chicken was a little weird and stringy, with a red sauce that didn't taste bad but took a moment to introduce to my palette. The orange sauce was nice, but nothing to induce the fanboy reaction I've read in other reviews. Quick tip: I think you can buy bottles of the stuff to go.The bad: 30 minutes to wait for Mexican food?? What's going on back there, preparing the secret mole sauce? I know it's a rush, but optimize that sh**. The cheese for nachos is some weird orange velveta stuff pumped from a movie theatre cheese dispenser which totally weirded out my friend. As much as I like communal tables it messes up the flow of ordering and picking up food.There were some other oddities. I felt nickle and dimed - you have to pay 50 cents for tortilla chips and salsa. Also it's hard to hear when your number is called. I'd consider going again to try the burritos, but it didn't inspire fanboy devotion.3.5 * starsI should've forced my friends to go to Iguana's instead, but I was drunk, hungry, didn't feel like arguing and dressed like a zombie, so La Vic's it was.The carne asada tacos were overpowered by the massive amounts of spicy salsa that came with it. I couldn't even enjoy any orange sauce because the tacos came out way too spicy without it. The portion size was great and I appreciated the mighty meat fest, not a whole lot of fillers here. I don't remember if I told my friend to order it without salsa or maybe she was playing a practical joke on me to see how much spice a zombie can take before their head explodes.If you like a lot of heat after a drunken night out, come here, but if you prefer a more balanced flavor Iguanas is for you.The last time I've been to La Vic's before this last visit was a good few years.  Mostly because downtown San Jose is so out of the way for me and parking is a little tough.I had a Super Burrito w/Carne Asada, which wasn't all that super.  My burrito was lacking flavor, even with a douse of Orange Sauce after every bite.  I remember their Orange Sauce being a little thicker and packing more of a punch but, not this time around, I almost barely tasted it.And of course...they hit my hot button about charging for a soda refill.  $0.60 for a refill?  Eff that!  With as noisy and crowded as that place gets, not sure how they can control that policy.I'd rather get my burrito fix at Iguana's.Had a Carne asada super burrito to go, the meat was burned or over cooked to guacamole at all. Maybe they think it's to go it doesn't matter, well yes it does that was my lunch and dinner. Went back they did not even apologize they just offered a side of guacamole. Not nice. ;) diss appointedCompletely overrated. all the food is par to sub-par. but boy oh boy is that sauce good. If I could make that sauce i could brainwash people. I would routinely buy this stuff and stock it in my fridge. it's good on any Mexican food, and surprisingly enough some other items. Pizza? OHHHHHH yeah!Go for the sauce. Don't get anything else!La Vic's: great when you're drunk, terrible when you're sober.the tortilla was thin and loosely rolled, rice was undercooked and chicken was overcooked. orange sauce pretty much saved it.i ordered a chicken super burrito, and halfway through i realized i had got a chicken regular burrito.boy are those counter ladies quick about snatching bottles of orange sauce off of finished tables. it made me wonder if i was being watched the whole time i was eating. just kidding.this last experience was the third bad experience in a row. i remember about five years ago, this place used to have tasty (and larger) burritos. but oh well. i guess when you're located next to a college campus, you can get away with selling cafeteria style food. to my fellow san jose people, let's put the whole La Vic's hype to rest finally.Top Three Reasons to check out this joint:3. There's nothing like grease and Carne Asada after a night of drinking and wandering around downtown San Jose...It's open late but the food is hmmm, just okay. Believe me, I think I'm half Mexican with all the Carnitas and hot sauce running through my veins.2. Hmmm, good eye candy at night? Sorry...I'm reaching.1. The absolute number one reason to eat here is...ummm...i dunno what it's called but it's this ORANGE colored SAUCE they have in bottles to smother your food with!!! Double YUMM-O! Yeah, I even stole a bottle to take with me to other taco joints to have with their food instead (also goes well with day old pizza). I guess that's why they started handing them out in little plastic cups now and did away with the bottles...Sorry folks, my bad.Stumble in after gettin nice and drunk downtown... make sure to get there before 1:45AM or else you'll wait in a LONG ass line next to a very hairy bouncer. Yes this place has it's own BOUNCER. But once you get up there and order... get your food... then place some of that fabulous orange sauce on it.... all your worries drift away and you're in drunk food heaven!Side note: Too ghetto to buy the sauce? Just take the plastic bottle! But watch out.... the workers guard that shit with their lives!!! HAHAA!Every trip I take up North includes at least an hour stop in San Jose so I can take home some Orange Sauce.  It is sooooo good and I crave it every day.  The only bad thing about the orange sauce is that when it goes bad, it still looks, tastes and smells ok.  You know it went bad when you get scary orange sauce nightmares.Honestly though, that damned sauce is worth the nightmares.  When it comes to their food, it is good.  It is not the greatest Mexican food you will ever have.The thing is that they make the Orange Sauce.  It is a sauce I long for like a prisoner longs for the kiss of the sweet sun on his back.  If any of you San Jose people are coming to Los Angeles any time soon, pick me up a bottle or two.ORANGE SAUCE! ORANGE SAUCE! ORANGE SAUCE!Addictive. This is what I have always imagined tacos would taste like. But I could never find in NYC. The tortilla is perfectly chewy and soft. Meats were juicy, tender, and well seasoned. Orange sauce is a must. We went through a bottle between the four of us. After you eat this you're realize there's fake Mexican and than there's Cali Mexican. It's really so simple. I can't explain why it's good. It just is. That's two things Cali have over NYC. Tacos and In-N-Out. Damn you west coast. Damn you.I. Food: 3II. Service 2.5III. Environment: 2.5I. There are only a few things really good about this place: the quesadillas and orange sauce. It's not the best place for mexican food. It can be reaallly heavy... like you feel pretty heavy finishing there food. It definitely tastes better eating it there than to go.Usually order: Carne Asada Quesadilla.The burritos are very bland and dry. The nacho fries are okay. The nachos with jalapeno taste like the ones you get at a game or convenient store. II. Service is pretty less than average. During the day, it is a little better because there are less people. But at night...not super friendly. The attitude is more as if they are just trying to take orders and get you out of sight.III. At night it is crazy and can be a little shady. Everyone from the clubs/bars are there right around 1:00am. During the day it isn't so bad. It is mainly full of college students. It is super limited on seating... they have an upstairs, but they rarely like anyone going up there. Parking isn't an option unless you come at an odd hour (different from lunch and dinner).La Vic's is one of San Jose State's staples.  Why?  Because you get the most bang for your buck here and let's face it...when you are a poor college student, it's mostly about quantity at the cheapest price possible. At about $5 a pop for a carne asada super burrito, this is one of the cheapest burritos in the Bay.  It's also huge!  Half of one and I'm in a food coma...the rest to be saved for consumption at a later date and time.  The burrito itself was average.  What makes it good is a generous dousing of their infamous orange sauce on every bite.  My friend got the carnitas quesadilla.  I took one bite and automatically wished I had ordered that instead.  Crispy outside, just the right amount of juicy carnitas melded together with cheesy goodness...and of course, doused with orange sauce!  Pretty darn tasty.They aren't stingy with their sauce.  If you ask for extra, they give you more than you could ever consume with your order and free of charge.  That's plus points in my book any day.    Despite the line, our order was out in a jiffy.  They have their food assembly line down to a science. So here's the Cliff notes version:Fast, cheap eats.  Big portions.Unwrap.  Douse with orange sauce.  Eat.  Repeat.My best friend, Chris C. (as seen below), said this place is the best.  I would agree, if their Burritos had more fresh ingredients.  Without that Orange Sauce, this place would be the suck.  I love coming just to have the sauce, so I used to get Burritos all the time.  Now, I get the Super Nachos.  That's the best thing to get there.  And if you do get the Super Nachos, get it "to go" so you get more.* 10/16/06* I just found out that if you get it to go, you can ask them to separate the chips, so by the time you get home it's not one big fat nacho.If you want a drunken mistake for the night. Let it be la vics! the only regret you'll have is being too satisfied and having to run in the morning.quick tip for you drunk people on the weekends that hate waiting in line for la vics, they do take phone orders till 1:40am!the only thing i order is 2 super carne asada quesadillas, one is perfectly enough to fill any person but i just turn into a savage when i eat here. the quesadilla comes out hot and crispy and their orange sauce just puts it over the top! you're missing out if you haven't tired this place yet.La Victoria..."La Vics", "Vics" or even just "Victoria" was a staple duing my time at SJSU.  20 minutes to get from the business building to Vics and back?  No prob.  In all honesty, without the legendary orange sauce, the food would only be OK.  But the location, hours and memories make Vics special.And remember, don't park next door at Jack In The Crack!You know, when I first went here, it was great. But maybe because I was a freshman, desperate for anything that could feed me for cheap... Now that my palate for burritos has developed, this just won't do anymore. Yes, it's open really late. Yes, it's cheap. But it's just not very tasty. It's bland, extremely greasy (especially their quesadillas) and the place doesn't look very clean. I guess I'm at the point in my life where I'll pay a little bit more for something a little bit tastier.Why is it that whenever I'm out of town beautiful women bend over backwards to throw themselves on me? I mean- at home, I don't get this attention. Does this mean if I were to move here the same would be true? Idk, but this is definitely the after-hours spot for when the bars close. This place is PACKED full of people. Waiting in line for the bathroom, I'm getting hit on, waiting in the food line, I got another number... Damn, I need to get out of town more often...Anyway, I didn't end up ordering anything for myself, but I did try the orange sauce. Pretty good, but it tastes similar to a Lebanese dip that my aunt makes- I've never had any other Mexican sauce taste like this. IDK, maybe I'm trippin, I was pretty wasted at this point. But this is basically the Robertito's of San Jose.2 words; NACHO FRIES. Me & the bf shared them & we swore we've never had anything that freakn tasty & fresh & yummy in our lives! And share because the portion is huge! I've also had the asada burrito, cheese quesadilla & chicken quesadilla(not all at once) ;] & everything is really good BUT it does get messy because things are juicy between the meat & salsa & whatnot. And again 2 words; ORANGE SAUCE. I have no idea & don't particularly care whats in this concoction but it is the best tasting sauce ever!! It is spicy hot but it's one of those things, you just can't stop! It's sooooo delicious. Seriously, am going to La Vic's every time I'm in SJ. Seriously. Its that good.Best Mexican food in town!Maybe I don't know much about Mexican food, but it was delicious. I went to La Vics during the Fanime weekend, so it was crowded with people in costumes and anime-heads. I tried ordering in Spanish (whatever I've learned over the past few years has flown out the window) and got glares all around.Okay, so she wasn't glaring. It was more like bewilderment that a little Vietnamese girl was attempting to speak Spanish.The prices were fabulous! I would recommend a nice walk downtown after a big meal.*FoodI love me a good burrito.L - La Vic's you have stolen a kiss and left me with the lingering taste of yum.O - Orange. Sauce. Period.V - "Victory" said my taste buds, "for we have eaten and we have conquered!"E - Eat and be consumed... There is nothing better to love and just be loved in return.Not a bad price point. Better than Iguana's. Lots of types of meat and breakfast burritos all day long.*Service/AmbianceEnjoy the people watching on a late night weekend. Kids from the club and security that packs heat watch over the special sauce.*OverallDamn you orange sauce. You make my life a better place.Rating: 4This place hasn't change much since I last ate here, which was a few months ago!I love their Lengua Tacos- it is to die for! Tender beef tongue meat with lettuce and salsa.This time, I came here for lunch and decided to try the Lengua Burrito version and it's not so bad. I preferred tacos over burritos though. Regardless, the burrito hit the spot and, combined with the orange sauce, filled my tummy with goodness.  This place is great for lunch, dinner, late night munchies or even best for late drunken nights!Let's keep this short and sweet: - burritos aren't anything spectacular so don't go here of you're looking for just that! I'm sure there are other joints around SJSU that are a little less mediocre. - Get the orange sauce! It will make the burrito you're eating 10x better. trust me, you'll thank me :] - Street parking only so if you're lazy like me, don't come at night when all the drunkies are there :X - Stays open late so if you ARE a drunkie .. then perfect place for ya. - Decent and affordable so why not give it a try! :Di don't know how the food tastes but their orange sauce is DE-LISH!! I made my hubby stop by here on the way home from staying at the Fairmont for the weekend for my cousin's wedding.  I'm so sad we don't live closer to San Jose.  What am i gonna do when my bottle of orange sauce runs out???La Victoria Taqueria. One of the reasons why I would ever consider mexican food because it was my first Taqueria EVER! I love food, but I particularly love fatty foods, anything involving meat, cheese, sour cream, or anything that can be found in a La Vic's super nacho has my name on it. This Taqueria isn't your ordinary Taqueria though because the reason why this one separates from the others it because of it's delicious spicy/tangy ORANGE SAUCE. This sauce literally makes up the restaurant itself because al pastor ain't even good here and carne asada is decent. So if you want something the gives that extra umpf then go here and try some of the orange sauce. You can buy it for a price of $5.00 don't remember the details, but maybe it's a little over $5. Anyways have fun and good luck!This place is known for their Orange sauce. I gave it a 3 star because of the sauce, but without the sauce, it would be an average place. The sauce definitely made the food better. Of course dont expect much from the customer service or settings this is more of a whole in the wall type of place. If you want to get something quick, this is the place!Okay, complete and utter disappointment!! I tried La Victoria a few years ago at the urging of my San Jose friends who raved about this place. They told me that it was one of the best places in the area and blah blah orange sauce. I remember getting a torta (one of my favorite foods in existence) and I couldn't believe how blah it was. I didn't like La Victoria back then and I definitely wasn't impressed this second time around :(I ordered the carne asada burrito. Carne asada, rice, salsa and cheese--pretty hard to mess up, right? There wasn't anything terribly wrong with it, but the carne asada lacked so much flavor! I always make the argument that LA/SoCal Mexican food is far superior because all the meat is cooked in lard (though this may be disputable). Meat up north is probably not cooked in the delicious fattiness of lard because it is seriously so bland and tasteless. The rice also lacked flavor and there were barely any tomatoes. So yeah, the sauce is going to be amazing because you absolutely need it to wash down the burrito. It's basically glorified chipotle mayo...The one plus side is the price; it cost $5.62 for my burrito after tax. Service was slow, but the workers were friendly. If anyone knows great Mexican food in NorCal, please let me know!DON'T BELIEVE THE HYPE!The orange sauce is good, not the best I've ever had. Their meats are very bland. Carnitas are pretty dry. Nachos are very mediocre. Burritos are tasteless without the sauce. The one bright spot is the strawberry frescas. There are so many better taquerias in San Jose.The management has seriously understaffed this place - there are not anywhere enough prep cooks to keep up with the orders.  During their fire-damage remodel they COULD have expanded that space, but instead they stayed thrifty and chose to flower it up with some cheap paint and some new lamps.  Its a hassle for customers and the poor overworked staff.  When you walk in you have the pleasure of waiting in a 10-person deep line, and trying to find a place to stand to wait forever for your order in this shoe-box sized front area with idiots with giant backpacks and crispy gelled hair running into you.  I'm calling the fire marshall next time I step in there and see it that packed.Don't bother going between 11:30am and 2pm seven days a week.  What's the point of having the best mexican food in SJ if it takes half an hour to get anything?Overhyped. I'm not a big fan of this place. I've had better burritos from taco trucks than from this place. I ordered the carne asada burrito and my steak was chewy, and it was mostly rice. And the orange sauce is alright, it's not "the best sauce ever".  Not something I would go out of my way for. Service is nice, which is always a plus.The line is always long, and this place is SUPER tiny. Especially after the club, sorry it's not worth my "after the club" munchies. I rather go to Baldos. On top of that there's always cops in this area so beware!After a night of clubbing, bar hopping, dancing, drinking, whatever it is you're doing, my recommendation is if you are hungry, hit up La Vic's before heading home!Prices are great (minus the refill fee), and you get a lot of food for the money. Tacos de lengua are mouthwatering, and I was actually shocked at how much lengua they put in the taco. It was literally spilling out & there was a bunch still left after I devoured the taco. The burritos are so big, I can never finish a whole one. Don't forget to ask for the orange sauce! That is what they are famous for, and once you try it, you'll see why. One star got taken away for 3 reasons (the food is so good it still deserves 4 stars). Parking sucks! It's all street, and depending on when you get there, have fun driving around the block looking for a space. Also, when the bars/clubs start to close, it seems like everyone in downtown goes to La Vics. I've waited in line anywhere from 5-30+ mins. It gets crazy. And if you see a table open, sit down as fast as you possibly can. The seating situation is horrible, but luckily I've always been able to grab a spot at the last minute.This place is the most overrated place I have ever eaten at. All I ever heard was how great the food was. I would have to say the food is extremely average, overpriced, and does not agree with my stomach. It is overly greasy and tastes very plain. The people love this place because of their orange sauce. I agree the orange sauce is pretty good but the people here just drench their food in that sauce. I lived in So-Cal for 6 years and as much as I am a Nor-Cal guy, So-Cal's Mexican food is so much better. Last and definitely not least is the atmosphere. This place is overcrowded and filled with college students during the day and at night filled with drunk people looking for a bite to eat after clubbing. It is an unpleasant and loud environment. I give it one star simply because the orange sauce is pretty good. But there are plenty of better places to get good quality Mexican food and not have to deal with the chaos at La VIcs.The orange sauce !!!!!For most people, every late night in downtown San Jose always ends up at La Vics.  When you're drunk, nothing hits the spot better then some La Vics and some orange CRACK sauce.Come here after the bars and clubs let out on any given weekend, and you'll see the madness.  You would think La Vics was a club.  Expect to wait 15-20 minutes for your food.My favorites include the carne asada burrito (SUPER!) and carne asada quesadilla.Honestly, if you take away the famous Orange Sauce and late night hours and all you got is your typical cheap Mexican burrito joint.  And it's pretty cheap considering the size of the food and the late night hours.You gotta love this place.Another late night Mexican food joint that I go when I need a change up from Iguana's.  They also have that similar jabanero sauce that leaves ya hot and bothered.  I usually get the Nachos cause I love nachos with tons of oozy melty cheese.Van The Man's must try : Nachos w/ the orange Jabanero sauceI believe I've found my new place to go to for tortas. Inadvertently no less. I actually had a craving for some Beard Papa's cream puffs but they weren't open on Sundays. (Wassup wit dat???) So I decided not to waste this trip to downtown SJ and saw La Victoria around the block.I had been to La Victoria only once before and had one of their delicious burritos, of course, with plentiful amounts of the famous "Orange Sauce". This sauce is a creamy, nuclear orange-looking, hot sauce made by La Victoria to give their food an added kick in the mouth. Not that the food needs the Orange Sauce, but if you want to live dangerously, just pour copious amounts of it and dive right into your food.So I decided to try their version of the torta comprising of mayo, tomato, lettuce, beans, avocado, and your choice of protein. I decided upon the ever-popular carne asada and my sandwich was complete. I really enjoyed the bread that was provided. It was similar to a french bread only less tough and chewy. A nice balance of crispy crust and soft center. With the provided "Orange Sauce", my hunger was satisfied and was glad that Beard Papa's was closed.Ok so this is definitely our go to spot after a long night of clubbing, drinking, wandering around downtown sj, whatever....if you come here right after the clubs close you will find yourself in line especially since they are located so close to voodoo, vault, temple, etc. however, the line actually goes pretty quick since I think management here has discovered they need to quickly serve hungry clubgoers or else they will go somewhere else. i normally get the regular burrito with guac added. i've also tried the carne asada nachos which is also good as well. however, whatever you get, always ask for a bottle of orange sauce. I LOVE ORANGE SAUCE!!! like many of the reviewers said, burritos are ok, tacos ok, everything ok but once you put orange sauce on it, it magically transforms the burrito into something oh so delicious! if you are a horchata fan, i wouldn't recommend the one here though. everytime i've had it it has been pretty powdery.________________________________________________Edited 6/7/08ok -1 star...we went here after a night out celebrating my friend's birthday and halfway through our food we ran out of salsa so I go up to ask for some salsa...its salsa mind you...i'm not asking for a whole freaking burrito and the girl refuses and says if we want it we're going to have to pay for it...hello!!! I just want a tiny thing of salsa! most people don't even use the salsa here they're too into the orange sauce and they hand bottles of that stuff out! not only that.. she was super rude about it too...not cool in my book...just give me my salsa dammit!Finally had the opportunity to come here for lunch due to some raving reviews from my buddy.My buddy got each one of us a  Chicken Quesadilla and insisted on some COLD Orange sauce...The Quesadilla was pretty good. It should be noted that a flour tortilla came out flaky and crispy...kinda like an Asian Green Onion Pancake. The chicken filling was also pretty interesting as it was very runny......my buddy did mention that every time he eat at La Victoria, he gets diarrhea...but he still wants to take me here...I was cautioned by my roommate that I might not think La Vic's lived up to the huge hype that my friends had been giving it.  So I checked my expectations and tried to approach La Vic's with a clear mind. That being said, I didn't have much of a lunch before going here for dinner so I was admittedly famished.  Fortunately we found street parking right outside.  We arrived a little early, and were the second group of customers inside so service was quick and we didn't have to wait long for our food.   There was a bunch of tables and a "bar" area with high stools to sit on.I ordered a carnitas super burrito and was not disappointed at all.  The carnitas was perfect, and La Vic's thankfully did not overdo the sour cream which many places often do.  The contents of the burrito were thoroughly mixed making each bite a perfect mix of meat, beans, cheese and sour cream and gauc.La Vic's is well know for an Orange Sauce that I'm told you can purchase by the bottle if you like.  It tastes like a creamy chili sauce, mixed with different spices.  I'm not sure exactly what is in it, but it does add great flavor to anything you put it on.  And it tastes fairly mild, so those with problems with spicy need not worry.My roommate over-ordered and picked up a quesedilla that he was unable to finish.  I happily assisted with his predicament, the quesedilla was a little greasy but delicious.  It tasted more like it was deep fried than grilled, squirting some of the delicious orange sauce on it equals perfection.I'm told La Vic's is open late, and can totally understand the hype.  When you're hungry late at night, and have the booze munchies.  I can totally see this place being elevated to 5 star status.  Inexpensive, good food, orange sauce, good location..  Yeah, that would work for me if I was on the tail-end of a night out in San Jose.Though this place has gotten a lot of great reviews and you'll meet a lot of people from San Jose that will tell you that La Victoria is amazing.  It's not.  The burritos are very mediocre and not authentic at all.  The burritos are neither authentic like small taquerias or unauthentic like Chipotle.  It fails to satisfy.I've also heard a lot or rave for the Orange Sauce.  I actually couldn't taste the sauce unless I drenched it all over the burrito.  It seems like it's just a mild mixture of mayo and something similar to miso sauce.  But if you want a cheap unauthentic burrito with mild flavors, go here.  It's not bad, but it's not as good as the hype.I'm now a fan of Iguana's, but that doesn't mean I can't review this place in an unbiased perspective.Being the burrito aficionado that I am, it's good to know that there are some good choices when it comes to your burrito's protein, but not all of them are cooked to perfection.La Vic's burritos are really dry.  And that really makes sense, because the entire selling point with this joint is its orange sauce.  The orange sauce is a combination of slightly spicy, yet tangy and flavorful.  No, it's not your typical tabasco.  People come to La Vic's just for the sauce--and believe it or not, the hype is worth it.  This sauce really is awesome.  But that doesn't mean you have to dry out your burritos just to pour a load of sauce on it.  That's not in good taste, and I'd expect more from my $5 burrito.Oh yeah quick tip--if you order a burrito, just order a burrito.  Don't go super.  All they do is pack it with more beans and rice.  Nothing else more.  That's like Fart City Central right there.So being the Iguana's fan that I am, I strayed from the burrito menu a bit and tried their quesadillas.  THIS is where you wanna order super.  All they do is add a little bit more of everything, and when you throw on the orange sauce, it's like zesty heaven.  The only problem?  It's really greasy.  And oftentimes when I order to go, I forget to throw napkins or forks in the bag.  So be prepared.But the best thing available here is the Super Nachos.  With the nachos, the carne asada, lettuce, salsa, tomatoes, guacamole, and all that, it's really good.  Throw the orange sauce on and you got some good mush.The agua fresa -- which translates to strawberry water is also something you can get addicted to.  It really tastes like strawberries and there's some seeds and bits of strawberry thrown in for good measure.In fact that's what I do a lot of the times.  First, I buy a burrito from Iguana's, then on my way back to school, I usually buy a platter of nachos on the way home, with an agua fresa.  And since you're at La Vic's... might as well request a few containers of orange sauce.  Put that together and that's a little less than $10 if you order the right sizes.Oh yeah, an Iguana's Burrito with La Vic's orange sauce?  Perfection.Busy! Busy! Busy! especially on the weekends! Since this place is located in downtown, near campus and clubs, this place is jam packed with a diverse of people. From college students, to clubbers, to nerds and geeks, you name it, they've got it all. I tried the carne asada taco, carne asada supreme burrito and cow tongue regular burrito. All of those were okay and had nothing really special about it. People rave about this "orange sauce" that is supposingly the bestest sauce ever! But to me it was okay. I am guessing people love this place because they're drunk most of the time and we all know that when your drunk, everything tastes 10 times better. I honestly thought it was okay and would give it 2.75 stars. Warning: Very limited seating and long lines. Plus hard to find parking.After much thought and debate over my a 5 star rating for La Vics I have decided to deduct a star leaving them with a 4 star rating-- and even that's pushin it.Why?  The overall La Vics experience is terrible! Like I mentioned in my original review-- the workers are annoying, constantly on edge guarding the precious orange sauce that everyone's trying to steal.  And on top of that the customers are pretty fucken annoying too.  Most people, including myself, go there after a night of drinking.  Everyone's trying to start shit when all I want to do is eat my carnitas super quesadilla in peace.  Food isn't special, horchata is whatevers... it's really all about their orange sauce! Freakin mystery mexican orange sauce! That's the only thing that keeps me coming back.  That's the only reason why you get 4 stars... and i even feel iffy about giving 4 stars since I'm rating only the orange sauce.Also mentioned in my previous review--- there's a comparable sauce served at El Jardin in Santana Row on the tostadas de tinga called chipotle sour cream.Came here Sat. night with my bro's dho, gha, stt. MAN, orange sauce hahaha... So I ordered a chorizo regular. Note, if you order regular, they give you more meat. Ordering super is $5.95, and you're paying extra for guacamole, cheese, and sour cream. Sad to hear that they take away meat, when adding more condiments. Tsk tsk tsk...Anyways, I used like three quarters of the orange sauce man...everyone on our table had orange sauce too and then the waitress came and took 3 of them away . LOL3.5 starsPros:I'm definitely a fan of the orange sauce. I super love it!!! It is probably the only reason I'd choose this place over other taquerias...but I'd have to agree the food here is a bit better than average. I like the flour meat quesdillas here...yummm all nice and toasted. The nacho cheese here is good because it's nice and thick. My old roomate use to come here just for a cup of nacho cheese. We'd buy chips elsewhere since the chips here suck. I use to come here late nights after partying. It would definitely hit the spot. Guess most things taste super good when you are trying to sober up. Best to get here before the crowds though or else you'll be waiting in line for awhile.Cons:The chips aren't that great here and sometimes are a bit stale. The carne asada also isn't the best.This is probably my favorite burrito place!Its a small place, but always busy. The seating is limited, but going here is wayyyy worth it! Must eat the orange sauce with whatever you're eating (I think its like sour cream and some hot sauce, but i'm not sure)I usually get the steak burrito on days that i'm really hungry and the quesadilla when i'm not as hungry.\Parking here is difficult though. Your best bet is around the corner on 3rd street and at Jack In The Box if you're willing to risk getting your car towed. Other than that, make your way to la viks!ORANGE SAUCE.The only thing I miss from being at SJSU. Seriously.For my 100th post, I wanted something that said San Jose. La Vic's was good enough.Honestly...this place would be NOTHING without its orange sauce. Mexican food can be Mexican food. But that sauce adds...what's the word I'm looking for...KAPLOW! Ordered a carnitas burrito with horchata. The burrito was good but seemed dry and lacked a bit of filling. No problem...nothing a little ORANGE SAUCE couldn't fix. I didn't realize the 'Regular' was missing pica de gallo. And that the 'Super' was the one to order. FAIL.But AGAIN...no problem. ORANGE SAUCE TO THE RESCUE!The horchata, oh man. SERIOUSLY, I've had better. Wasn't even that cold. It was like "let's put some ice, NOT A LOT though, in this warm horchata and serve it!" That's how cold it was. On top of that, the cinnamon-y/ rice milk was kinda grainy (like it needed to be sifted more or something). I thought horchata was a drank, homies???The place is small and seating is limited but it was pretty vacant when we got there. Then all of a sudden some people came in, a bunch of orders were called and out they went. So I can see how this place can get packed fast (especially by those peeps who be clubbin' yo). La Vic's is worth trying.The Orange Sauce is worth stealing. But if you're ever in the hood, feel free to drop by.Did someone say sauce? OoOoh yes! Their infamous Orange Sauce is where it's at!I live quite a ways from SJ but was in town for work and someone in our group who had been here a year ago brought a large group of us to try some of their delicious food and sauce.Set up in a Victorian style house, this taqueria is surely unique! The staff is friendly, the food is fresh, quickly made, and my oh my is it delicious. The prices are amazingly low compared to the quantity of food you get. Their regular size burritos as massive compared to other taquerias I've been to and for only $4.95? Sold! I highly recommend getting a burrito, wet or dry, it's all really delicious. Ask for a bottle of orange sauce and bring it to your table. You will want to pour some on each and every single bite. Make me proud fellow sauce fiends, pour it everywhere! After leaving my business trip and heading back home an hour away from this amazing burrito joint, I told my burrito fanatic husband and we made a trip to SJ based around going to this place. Now that's some serious sauce love. You can even purchase your own bottle of their orange sauce (which is vegan if you were interested) for just $6. The spicy deliciousness goes well on just about everything. I had it on my breakfast this morning at home. Grab a bottle or two. Do it. You'll be sad once you don't have it for a while, lol.Overrated. Don't get me wrong, the first time I'd had La Vics was 4 years ago when I was a freshman at SJSU, and I really enjoyed it.. However, I've realized its because I would DRENCH my burrito/quesadilla in their delicious ORANGE SAUCE.Otherwise, the carne asada and beans were dry. The quesadilla gets soggy. Their enchiladas are pretty delicious though.La Vics is okay, but I'd only recommend it during drunk hours: Thurs-Sat from 11pm- 3am :)Greasy goodness covered with orange sauce in the middle of the night is the best cure for a night out! Menu: Typical Mexican Taqueria food: burritos, tacos, quesadilla, nachos, etc. that can be filled with the typical meats carne asada, chicken, pork, beef tongue, etc. Nothing out of the ordinary when it comes to the food offering. There are two things that has La Vics going for them: 1) They are open late so it's a great place to go after the clubs or bars. 2) They have an orange sauce that makes everything so much better! Not putting the Orange sauce on your la vics order is a crime! Drinks: Fountain soda as well as horchata and a few other drinks. Their horchata is not that great, way too much cinnamon. Price: Cheap! Soda and a burrito for way under $10. Ambiance: Very casual place, great place to talk about what happened at the bar or club after going out. Location:Right next to the Jack in the box off 4th and San Carlos. Its  a very small place so it packs up on Friday and Saturday night after the clubs. Biggest hint if ur hungry, leave the club at 1 and beat the rush!I've been hearing about La Vic's for awhile...particularly the Hayward location near my hood. However, last night, I found myself in San Jose and we ate here for dinner. This was my first time at La Vic's, period.Being that it's right near San Jose State, there was a bunch of college students eating here. My friends and I were probably the oldest in the small restaurant. But we blended right in. Gotta love being Asian and looking forever young. (ha!)I wasn't hungry enough for a burrito and decided to go for a few tacos. Usually 3 will suffice, or if I'm starving, then I'll get 4. I originally wanted 3 tacos de cabeza. I didn't see cabeza on the menu but decided to ask the chick anyway. She looked a little surprised but pleased to hear me ask for the meat and politely apologized that they didn't offer that meat. I went with 3 tacos de carne asada instead. My order was ready and when I went to the counter to get my food, I nearly had a cow. I did not expect the tacos to be that big! When I first saw the menu, I was a little put off by the price of each taco because it was expensive. However, once I received the tacos, I could see why.Overall, my tacos were good. They were loaded with meat, pinto beans, and fresh pico de gallo. I was taken back by the pinto beans, only because they traditionally aren't served in classic tacos, but they tasted good. My tacos were filling and I could only eat 2 of the 3. I ended up wrapping up my extra taco and giving it to a homeless guy down the block. I did try a bit of their notorious orange sauce and it was pretty tasty. But my tacos were good as is, so I didn't have much of the sauce other than to try it. If I return, then I would definitely try a burrito next time as I'm sure it compliments the sauce nicely.I went in search of food today during a lunch break from MCAT studying and stumbled upon this place. I was actually sort of looking for Iguana's, except I'd forgotten what it was called and the exact address, but as I was in the approximately correct location, and it was a taqueria, I figured it might be the same place. Guess not.The carne asada burrito I had was quite good, definitely better than anything I ever had outside of California. The meat was well-seasoned and flavorful and actually separated when I bit into it. Don't you hate when you bite into a chunk of meat but all that happens is that the entire thing comes out, leaving a gaping, meatless hole in the burrito? I do. The size of the regular burrito is reminiscent of the "big ass burrito" that I sometimes ate in England, once again reminding me of why Americans are so much fatter than everyone else in the world. I'm scared to think what the super burrito might look like. Unfortunately, as I only randomly wandered in and knew nothing of the infamous orange sauce, I didn't have any and thus cannot comment on the legendary topping. Maybe next time. Random thought: it does look like a really good place to go for drunk food.It's 2am in San Jose. The bars are closing, and zombified Halloweeners wander the streets post bar-hopping, searching for delicious brains/burritos.Thank goodness for La Vic's! Some friends forced me to walk for what seemed like miles to get here... but it was WELL worth the trip. In fact, I would say the carne asada super burrito was the highlight of my night! That orange sauce was amazing, and everything definitely hit the spot. My one recommendation: find a friend to share with, because even though that burrito is insanely huge, you will probably end up eating the whole thing in 1 sitting because it's just that good.Honestly, this place is only good for their orange sauce. Their burritos are ALRIGHT..and even after a while their orange sauce gets a little boring.To sum it all up, this place is mehthis is my kids favorite place to go eat...it's clean and the food is good...just have to go when there isn't a crowd :)Ive been here many times the past 15 years or so.... im sorry, but its just overhyped from people who just dont know any better.  I understand, i too grew up in the south bay most of my life.... but up in norcal, mexican food just isnt good and there arent many choices to eat at.  the orange sauce is just meh.... too many people hype it up way too highly, and its a good sauce, but not worthy of the hype.  Its almost as dumb as Ike's Sandwiches' crack sauce or whatever they call it.  Its good, but not worth the hype.  Get out more... go to other cities... then you'll see that the food here is really whatevers.BUT i will admit, its perhaps the one of the best options up in the Bay Area for "mexican food"..***LIKES:  Food isnt bad.  But its not great.  Prices are fair.  they're open super late, in a city that has very little open late.DISLIKES:  Lots of people come here afterhours after bar hopping.... so its gonna be rowdy on those hours.VERDICT:  Overhyped, but still good if youre a local.  If youre from socal, texas, chicago, arizona, nevada.... move along, nothing to see here.ORANGE SAUCE!!! No joke. Everyone below got it right.The food in itself is good, but the sauce makes it. I live in Hawaii now, and I always look forward to family members visiting b/c they bring me bottles of the stuff. Interestingly enough, us "bay area" kids in Hawaii all miss this local staple.Don't be fooled by what looks like a Greek frat house turned Mexican restaurant without much effort put in to changing decor.I wandered out of the MLK Jr. Library sometime around 10 or 11 PM, tired of studying and starving for dinner. I remembered having La Vic's before, but never had an opportunity or reason to have more. Well, here was an opportunity, if not a reason.Let's be frank here. The place doesn't look nice. In fact, if I had to make a comparison, I'd fall back on my "Greek frat house turned Mexican restaurant" idea. It's pretty crappy looking.I ordered a simple chicken burrito to go. They gave me 2 little cup things of the spicy sauce. Pace yourself with that stuff. It's not too spicy, but it is delicious, and the worst thing you can do is run out of delicious spicy sauce before you finish your burrito.The burrito was pretty good. Not as big as a Chipotle burrito, but then again that's like saying your house is not as big as Saturn. But what it lacked in size, it made up for in taste. The rice was delicious, the chicken tasty, and with that sauce added to the burrito bit by bit as you eat the burrito... mmmmI've lost my train of thought. What I'm getting at is that I like the burritos. I love the sauce. Together they make a great combination and also, me hungry again. Argh.meh. i don't get why this place is all the rage. Its OK at best. it's not even the best orange sauce. . .(This review is compiled from the last few times I've eaten at La Vics)La Vics what happened to you!I remember driving down here with friends to sample your burritos with loads of orange sauce pouring on top of them. But lately especially the last year or so, your quality has gone down SEVERELY.The last few burritos I've gotten from La Vics were not very flavorful, in fact the meat has been dry on several occasions. And the service from the employees have been getting pretty bad.I admit I like the orange sauce, I think we're all in agreement thats the number one reason we all go to La Vics, but La Vics has started taking measures to prevent people from stealing their sauce or from receiving too much sauce (that's right, too much sauce!).The last time we ate there I was with my GF and one of my other close friends. We initially got our food to go but decided last min to eat there. So I asked for a squeeze bottle of sauce. Got back to my table and maybe 2 minutes later, one of the employees takes away our to-go sauces! I mean come on it's not even that much and plus it's complimentary! I mean you wouldn't take away salt packets from someone if they had a salt shaker at the table. To make it worse, the taco I got was once again dry, and actually didn't even taste like Carne Asada, it kinda tasted like fish....yeah fish...I'm sorry La Vics I won't be coming back. We had some good times before I went to SJSU but I'll be going to Iguanas from now on. But I'll give you guys an extra star for the pleasant memories I have of you guys.After a year of being told by my room mate that I haven't truly lived till I try the orange sauce, we popped over here on Sunday for a burrito.  I tried the sauce on chips, I used it on the burrito, I tried a little of it plain.What gives?  The food is greasy and just-okay, the service is quick (possibly because they never clean off their cooking surfaces?  My burrito tasted like the charred remnants of other meats were clinging to my carnitas), and the location is nice, but I would only really go back for the roommate.  I can't believe that San Jose, home to a thousand taquerias, loves this place so much.  I've had better food out of the back of a truck.Quesadilla with Orange Sauce.Orgasm in Mouth.Enough said.A big ol' smile on my husband's face when he suggested La Vics.  =)He kept on raving about the orange spicy sauce.  It must be something special because I saw it on their menu for $6 a bottle!  And a group of college students sneaking a half empty bottle into their purse.  GHETTO!There is a bottle on each table for those dining in and they give you about 6 packets for take-out.  So was it really necessary to steal one?  I guess it's like crack.  My super carne asada burrito was tasty.  Meat was cooked perfect, not too much beans/rice. I really don't like it when burritos get all dripping with juices on the bottom and this one was not like that at all.  It kept all the fillings inside and didn't get mushy near the end.  Orange sauce was different.  It's hot but not burning your tongue off HOT.  Husband said they use to make it spicier back in the days.ONLY 2 WORDS! "ORANGE SAUCE!!!!" Just buy the bottle and go somewhere else to get a burrito lol oh and if you happen to know the ingredients or damn near close to it....PLEASE PM me =Dthe sauce is good, the food is terrible. Steal the sauce, or buy it whatever, then leave. hahahSo after attending the Leonard Cohen concert at HP last week, the boyfriend and I were starving and the only place we could think of was La Vic's since it's right on the way home for us. A fellow yelper alerted me to the fact that the orange sauce is now vegan, so I decided to give the place another try. I ended up getting the supreme veggie burrito and my boyfriend got the chicken nachos, which he said were pretty good. Despite all the fillings in the burrito, it just really lacked flavor without the orange sauce. I think my original review still stands. I gave La Vic's another shot but the only thing I still like is the orange sauce. . . .Good: Orange SauceBad: SLOW SLOW SLOWWhy I still come here: Orange SauceThey hook up the tacos pretty fat over here. I guess they cost 2.50 a pop but I got treated so I didn't end up paying. I have had everything besides the taco at the santa clara street location and it's all pretty good. The salsa is actually pretty decent. It's got some kick to it, not to much but a lot more than a ton of other places. Orange sauce tastes great. I don't care if it's mayo or fish oil or unhealthy or msg or whatever other bullshit you want to call it but it's good. FAT tacos though with a bunch of meat though. I actually felt alright after 2 tacos and some chips and that NEVER happens.I went there for my first time last weekend. My friend who took me there said that it usually gets really crowded in that small little place. But when we were there, there was no line. believe it. Anyway, I have to say, I LOVE THAT ORANGE SAUCE! I ordered a super quesadilla with chicken and received it really quick. I was pretty impressed when I took my first bite. It was freaken delicious and I didn't want to stop eating. I'm not sure if it was that quesadilla that was good or if it was that damn good sauce. it HAD to have been that sauce. Mmmm....I love the orange sauce. Let's just say that I once went to Pizza My Heart, walked across the street to La Vics to buy some orange sauce, went back to Pizza My Heart and poured the orange sauce all over my pizza. The very first time I experienced La Vics was at a recruiting luncheon in the office. They ordered a bunch of burritos and brought mountains of orange sauce. My co-worker advised that I take at least a handful of these little containers of spicy heaven. I don't even like burritos and I ate it as if it were one of my favorite food items on the planet. I finally visited the actual restaurant a few more times and ordered the supreme quesidilla. Once, I tried the carne asada nacho fries with orange and green sauce. I suggest that everyone who is human should come and order this dish. That is all.So I went to La Victoria with very high expectations because it came very highly recommended by a friend who happens to be one of them yelp elites... I don't really know how you become a yelp elite - i think if you spend a lot of time reviewing lots of places (read quantity over quality) or if  you get a lot of compliments (read have a hot picture), but if I go by this one recommendation, then the yelp elites aren't really all that good about reviewing a place, especially if they don't eat anything but chicken breast. Anyways, let's get down to La Victoria: I had their carne asada burrito and it was really not good. Their orange sauce may help you disguise the disappointment of how bad the burrito is but it's still pretty bad. My yelp elite friend tried to tell me it was all my fault and that I had tried the wrong thing. I should try the tacos he said and he's actually right. I went back and this time I ordered the tacos (vegetarian, chicken, beef). He was right: they were good. But with a $3.15 price tag on these tacos I'm inclined to say that you can get as good tacos elsewhere for cheaper.I'm a big fan of this place especially after the hours of 12am! hahahaTHE ORANGE SAUCE is the SAAUUCE BOSSS!!!!The food is always great sometimes the wait sucks though but it happens. Also due to the fact that there are a very limited number of eating establishments open late.Pretty decent place,i.e, excellent drunk food, after-party, half-unconscious meal!!The place is open till late, so it is a good joint to go after hours. Parking might be a bit hard to find on weekends, but most people just walk over there since it's just a few blocks from main bars and clubs.Expect a line if you go after 1 am! It is also recommended to grab a place while your friends order for you. Otherwise, you can eat it standing up or sitting on the sidewalk..It is usually full of SJSU students that look for a bite after a few "smokes" or drinks. WE like salty in those occasions!There are two items I'd recommend in this place: 1) Cheese quesadilla: good in size and good amount of cheese.2) Beef tongue taco: could be bigger but its really tender (when drunk, no matter how big the plate is, its gone after 10 mins?)And of course, in case you haven't read it from the hundreds of reviews, pair anything you eat with their SECRET orange sauce, also sold by the bottle.Overall, if you are a SJSU student and haven't been here, make sure you go before you graduate!Love this place!! First ill start with the orange sauce. As other people have reviewed it is DELICIOUS!! I've had a few others and by far the best, I put it in everything!! The tacos are delicious as well, first Mexican place I have been that serves Lengua(my fav!)!! And it was cooked perfectly, soft and tender not over cooked or chewy at all!! This is a must go whenever I'm in town!!This place destroys. $5.95 Super Burritos (Carne Asada) and orange sauce to die for. I've thought of buying a bottle and trying to sneak it on the plane when returning home but haven't had the heart to see it get thrown away/confiscated.Finally had something different last time I went (Al Pastor) which wasn't as good but still good enough. Carne Asada is the way to go.Yes I've never had bad customer service or food~Always good food. Hits the spot. Great lunch for San Jose state students being that it is across the street.I used to eat at La Victoria's religiously my first 2 years at San Jose State, but toned it down a bit after I realized just how much grease is in the burritos.  One day I only ate half of my burrito and I got the other half wrapped up and put in a paper bag with napkins and more orange sauce,.  After my next class, a mere 1 hour 15 minutes later, the grease from the burrito had managed to completely seep through the paper bag, turning it into the consistency of wax paper, soaked through my notebook, and halfway into one of my text books. I was so thoroughly disgusted that I never thought of their food in the same way again. Now onto the actual food.  Taste wise, the burritos are so-so.  What makes this place are the convenient locations and their orange sauce. I prefer the carne asada, their chicken is cooked too dry for my tastes.  Their rice is seasoned well, as well as the other additions to their burritos. I wish they had better guacamole, but you can't have everything you want :\ I alternate between super tacos, super burritos, or super nachos, depending on how crunchy I want my food when I'm there.  I think their horchata has too much cinnamon and their watermelon fresca tastes okay but they don't take out the seeds so you end up drinking white and black seeds, which ruins the drink for me.Great orange sauce, and that's about it, everything else is definitely mediocre. Personally I would go in to buy a $6 bottle of the orange sauce and either make your own Mexican, or find a different place to get the food you are going to douse in the sauce. Don't get me wrong, La Victoria is an institution when it comes to San Jose weekends bar hopping and then stumbling around to get your food fix, but after those days are over, it seems so are the glory days of La Victoria.One word (plus another): ORANGE SAUCE!!!!!!!!!!11!When my friend brought me here all the way from Vallejo, I thought I was only going to be eating regular burritos, But when they told me to spruce it up with this thing called orange sauce, I fell in love with it.Imagine chipotle sauce, but a million times better.The food is usually priced as other taqueria's and the orange sauce only enhances it. The portions are good too. One thing on the menu, should get you full.A must try!I did what everyone on YELP said, drench my burrito with the ever so famous "orange sauce." The creamy, spicy orange sauce was tasty but not super spectacular. But I can see how this place would be a great place to eat after a long night of partying and drinking because it's open late and the sauce can be potentially addicting if you come here enough. The orange sauce did make my carne asada super burrito taste much better, however I was let down by the quality of the burrito. The chunks of carne asada was hard, chewy and there was supposed to be cheese, sour cream and guacamole in my burrito but I didn't see or taste much of any of it.I felt like I was in the ghetto, but the food was great!  Adjacent to San Jose State, this place was bustling with people younger than me at 11 pm on a Monday night.  It was a multicultural mecca of college students,  alternative multi-pierced individuals and want-to-be thugs who may have been packing heat.  I made it into the house-converted-into-fast food joint, waited in line, which was nearly at the front door and was impressed by the rapid service and multitude of menu options. I had the quesadilla carnitas, which I ordered to go since there were no open tables in sight.  There is an upstairs seating area, but it was closed.  I assume this is because it was a weekday.The quesadilla was rolled in tin foil like a burrito.  It was really good, but as others have mentioned, it gets even better when you use the "orange sauce."  A little spicier than I anticipated but quite tasty.They have horchata too, if you are into that.I'd go back!I cant believe I never wrote a review for this place. I love their sauce and I love their super quesadillas. OMGOSHNESSSSS GRACIOUSSS.. I regret not getting that the last time. We got a chicken and carne asada super taco. It was good.. but not excellent. Next time I shall order my special. 1. Super Quesadilla and 1. Free cup of water please!25 cents for chips. I totally forgot taht! Boo.. oh well, salsa is good!Their tortillas are really good and fresh.Late night snack? Why not.I've been here several times but I keep forgetting to write a review this place. Found out about this place about two years ago when hanging out with a buddy of mine.My boyfriend has been telling me he's been craving a burrito from here for the last week but I haven't had time to go with him until tonight. It was around 12am when we arrived and there was no line. There was also no table so that was a bit of a dilemma. Luckily when we were about to order, a group left and we were able to grab a table. I ordered a Super quesadilla with chicken for my 'late night snack.' As i was about to eat my food, I realized how watery the filling inside my quesdilla was and decided to drain it out before actually eating it. The tortilla was cooked to perfection. I love La Vic's quesdillas because of their soft yet crunchy tortilla that they use for the quesadilla. I finished my quesadilla pretty quickly and washed down my meal with a nice Pineapple jarritos. Great service and food. Most likely come back since my boyfriend loves this place. :PPS: The salsa is very watery! Ask for no salsa if you don't want your food to drip everywhere!"EH!"That's the sound escaped my mouth when I had a bite of La Vic's carne asada fries yesterday. The fries were dry, there was too much nacho cheese, and the carne asada was rubbery and lacking in flavor. It's funny, because the last time I had the fries, I demolished them.I'll have to agree with everyone on here saying that La Vic's is nothing without their orange sauce. To be honest, besides their quesadillas, the food isn't that good. At least, not anymore.Come here if you're in the area and want to squeeze an entire bottle of that orange goodness into your mouth. Or if you're inebriated. If not, then head down to Iguana's just around the corner. But make sure to bring some orange sauce with you!I see what people mean when they mention great mexican food on the west coast. The tacos are very memorable and to pair with fresh watermelon juice.Good eats - cheap food, high quality. Located right in front of San Jose State University, it is no wonder that this is a regular hang-out place for students. I ordered the lengua (tongue) taco. The lengua was exceptional - so tender it literally melts in your mouth. The orange sauce is good on the taco. Will come back!KPI (Key Performance Indicator) ratings (1-5, 5 - best):Quality: 4Delivery/Service: 3Cost: 53 stars for the orange sauce, no stars for the food, no stars for the service.The orange sauce is amazing, that is pretty much la vic's claim for fame. Read the other reviews, they pretty much sum it up. They keep the recipe top secret, which makes sense because if it happened to leak and another restaurant who serves better mexican food got a hold of it, buy buy customers.Their food is not horrible, it is...ok. It just doesn't seem like they take the time to marinate their meat sufficiently. It's "ehh" food is nothing memorable.Question: Service?Answer: Sucks.You can obviously tell they want you in and out. It is all about turnover for them. They scream your number, and if you are not there in .5 seconds to pick it up, they scream at you like a child who just got caught talking in class.Here's a tip: Buy the orange sauce to go. Head over to Las Vegas Taqueria or even Hoagies steak out around the corner and see what its like to put together two pieces of heaven.quesadilla with orange sauce is the best !!!HMMMMMMMM.....YUMMMY!!!!Need I say more?!  I agree with all the good reviews on here!! There is a second location also on Santa Clara Street close to San Pedro Square.  This location has less of that "home" type feeling!!!Great fast service . Best salsa sauce in the world. It's addicting. Love to hit this place after dancing in the early AM*sigh* They just can't seem to get my order right. I'm not asking for much, in fact, I don't think my order could be more simple. Why do you insist on arguing with me about whether my burrito has cheese in it?When they get it right. it's good. I'm not an orange sauce fan, we think it's grease from the fryer, but I understand the appeal.Beware: this place is drunk & college kid central, especially at night.I love La Vic's! I use to come here for lunch at least once a week. My favorites include the breakfast burritos, quesadillas, and steak tacos supreme. The place is open pretty late so it's great to get some good food after hitting the club. I'm not a fan of the orange sauce but some of my friends love it and wouldn't eat anything without it. Not a lot of seating available but you can usually snag a table while you wait for your food because the turnover is quick..The food it pretty cheap and I think the portions are just right. They do charge for refills but seeing how close it is to sjsu I can see how free refills could put them out of business!5 stars for the orange sauce5 stars for the chicken super quesadilla4 stars for the chicken super burritoLa Vic's makes the BEST quesadillas. I have never had a quesadilla as juicy and tasty before. It was soooo incredibly good. And then the orange sauce on top of it.... WOW.I will truly never forget the chicken quesadilla + orange sauce. The burrito was also good, but the quesadilla is special.I REFUSE TO EAT ANY BURRITO IN THE UK SINCE A LA VICS STEAK BURRITO ENTERED MY GULLIVER! Let's just talk about THAT ORANGE SAUCE (YES IM SHOUTING - It's that fantastic) It's like hosting an orgasm party in your mouth... mmm tastegasmic! That sauce really makes the burrito something special.I first tasted this at about 2am in a very drunken state... If I was to remember anything from that night it would be that steak burrito. It was so good I had to have it for my last meal before I left San Jose. My cousin ever so kindly got me another steak burrito, nachos and pork tacos (which I ended up saving for breakfast the next day lol). The Tacos weren't as great as the burrito, but that's eating them the day after. Mexican food in the UK will NEVER be as great as it is in the US. Crap is a good adjective to use when comparing UK Mexican foods available. La Vic's is enough reason for me to want to emigrate to the USA (seriously!)Love it for the food. Love it for the fresh fruit juice. Love it for it's location close to campus. Love it despite the fact I've never eaten orange sauce.Love it.It's not your fault that it's so crowded my friends were worried about fire safety regulationsI know you guys attract the (drunk) college crowd and it's also not your fault that the two drunk gay guys in line in front of me were grabbing ass and taking drunken party pictures AS THEY WERE ORDERING.What is your fault, however, is the mediocre burritos and the shitty new taste of the sauce. I think you guys changed the sauce or something because it doesn't taste the same anymore.I'll admit I used to rave about you too. But the the hell happened, La Vic's? Your burritos were admittedly nothing special--it was all about the orange sauce. Honestly people, if one day La Vic's suddenly stopped serving orange sauce would you still eat here? Good sauce should be a plus to a burrito place, not the only thing saving the burrito. But then I went there after a long haitus (out of convenience, really. we were at Christmas in the Park) and man, what a fucking disappointment. The only thing saving it was gone.Honestly, people, eat half a La Vic's burrito without their sauce--if you can't, that means there's something wrong. Everyone here saying that La Vic's is the best burritos in California must be from fucking Kentucky or something.I like La Vics. But they don't validate parking. The food is okay, its that magic orange sauce that brings me back. We usually buy a bottle and bring it home to. Try it with eggs for breakfast, it's heavenly. Other than that its dark, depressing, dirty, just another typical "hole in the wall" taqueria. There nice to the drunks (myself included) and let me use the bathroom.They police (seriously they have a security guard) their orange sauce, and you aren't allowed to have more than one bottle at a table. Its weird. The food is cheap, and as you eat you can literally feel your heart start to work extra extra hard. Greasy, salty. definitely limit yourself, unless you're trying to commit suicide via heart attack. I'll go when a big group get together and I'm outvoted... Try Eduardo's on Race. They have a "wet burrito" that' pretty yummy!Since there's already 10000 reviews for this place. I'll make mine short & sweet. Carne asada &  al pastor tacos... were blah for me.. a bit dry. Coming from the central valley.. we have taco trucks at every corner.. so my standard might be a bit high. BUT. I did discover one thing that will have me returning. Their CHICKEN QUESADILLA... is pretty damn good. It is a bit greasy/messy.. & I hate that they serve it in foil & tissue paper. -_- I mean.. the thing is runny.. I'll pay that extra quarter to have it in a box..back to the quesadilla.. the thing is perfect by itself.. so no need for the orange sauce.though its great with Sunkist. ;)Every time I've been here the place was also super busy.  The service isn't the greatest, some of the employees can be rude, and the food is pretty mediocre at best, so why the three stars you may ask? The orange sauce...the orange sauce.  Simply add some to the mediocre food here and it elevates it up to the average-pretty decent level. If you want some better Mexican food, go around the corner to Iguanas. P.S. Make sure to ask for extra orange sauce if you eat here.After being to countless Mexican taqueria's after La Vic's I have to lower my rating only because I have tasted much better, more authentic, higher quality food. Also, the past couple times I have been here I have gotten sick from the food which is never a good thing. I also learned some of what they put in the orange sauce and several of their other entrees which has turned me off their food quite a bit. I'm sure this would be okay drunkenly If I didn't get sick next time but after getting sick from the food that last two times, I'm not sure if I would do try this again. PS- still extremely overrated in my opinion and not at completely authentic.If it weren't for the Orange sauce, this place wouldn't last. Screw everything else indeed.I have converted and become an Iguanas fan since...I *finally* had lunch here with my sister who swears by this place.  She attends SJSU and I'm guessing like other students, has lunch here since its just across the street.  All I've heard from her and her friends are "orange sauce...ORANGE SAUCE...OMG ORANGE SAUCE!!!" /orgasmSo I believe that we shared a large carne asada burrito that was pretty big for the price.  I was only given 3 orange sauces to go and when I asked for more, the worker sort of scoffed at me but gave me more anyways.  We would have eaten there but the place was PACKED with students.  Ah...college life.  Overall, I thought the burrito was just OK.  Not that I didn't enjoy it but without the orange sauce, it would have just been a big burrito.  On the plus side, I have another late-night downtown spot for cheap eats!One of the few things I miss about San Jose. Two chicken tacos please!!!!"La Vic" was one of my daily staples when I went to school at San Jose State. This place always has a line so get over it. Good places always have long lines.If you really don't want to wait in a long line, avoid this place after 2 am because the line is even longer once the local bars close.Was in San Jose for a conference and the hotel concierge recommended this place as just a few blocks away, so I walked down with 3 other guys. We were all in tuxes from a gala (except for the Brit, who was in a dress kilt ensemble!) and we didn't exactly fit in with the crowd (who, I now understand, must have been SJ State students). I was pretty impressed with the total lack of reaction from the crowd: no snickering, no staring, all was cool with the world.Anyway: the super taco I ordered wasn't super large, but it was super delicious. I got it with carne asada and the meat was succulent and well-spiced (flavorful but not spicy hot). Didn't much like the orange sauce. My colleagues seemed mighty happy with their burritos, as well.If there's a way to describe good late-night food, it's La Vics.  Why even bother writing a review for this place, there's really nothing special to it.  You could replace their burritos with any other Mexican place's burritos and it would still be the same.  It's really all about that orange sauce.  And who knows what's in that orange sauce...it's just full of DELICIOUSNESS.Crappy parking, limited seating since it's literally in a house, but always does the job when you crave a burrito loaded with orange sauce.It appears that I was a little hasty in my assessment of La Victoria. The orange sauce wasn't so good that it was worth spending my evening sitting on the can.Never coming back!I don't see why everyone is addicted to this place. Other than their special orange sauce and quesadillas, everything else is average. I ordered carne asada fries during my first time there because so many people told me it was the best place to go. BUT, I was sadly disappointed. The french fries were thin and soggy. The guacamole didn't seem fresh and chunky like other taquerias I've been to. And the serving was quite small compared to another taqueria I always go to for the price that they sell it for.Great any time of day, but best at late night (after being out downtown). The price is decent.It's kind of greasy.Not that big if you're dinning in.Open til 2amMMMmmMMMM... THE ORANGE SAUCE!!!!Hella good. ;)but don't be cheap! Buy a bottle, don't steal it, it's only $6First of all, the  menu?? The one up high has prices but is incomplete w no descriptions. the small paper menu taped up next to the register? descriptions, no prices! We just ordered and hoped we weren't getting ripped off.Yay for restaurants that stay open past 10 or 11! After reading about the orange sauce, I admit I was imagining something orangey-tasting. La Vic's orange sauce is some type of Chipotle ranch (?)... Oily! Spicy! Delicious..I ordered the chicken tacos but next time I go I will definitely stick to the veggie tacos. The chicken had beans and a huge pile of chicken. Too much for me. The Veggie had whole pinto beans and enough lettuce to soak up some of that heavy orange sauce which, I agree, you can't miss.I want to try the other location next time. I wouldn't say this one had attitude, but I can live without the table full of drunk girls screeching in my ear. Hopefully the Santa Clara location has more space.Love their orange sauce! Their burritos are are average and tasty, but nothing super special. It is one of our go-to spots after a late night out cause they're open super late (always a plus). I mean who wouldn't want a burrito after a night of drinking :)We stop by every time were in the area for a super burrito which has everything in it. I get the carnitas which is good on average. Ive had it a few times where it was super salty.Nothing over the top, but with the orange sauce, the package is pretty awesome. I havent really tried anything else as I am your one menu item kinda girl but I heard the new nacho fires and the nachos are pretty awesome. Im gonna have to try them the next time I'm there.The orange sauce is creamy and spicy and some times they add a bit more spice to it than I'm use to and Ill have to get a horchata to help with the fire, but for the most part a must get. The bottle is fairly expensive at $7/bottle but it lasts a pretty good amount of time at my household with 5+ people attacking it to put it on everything they eat.This time, we went about 1030am and there was no line which was nice as there is usually a long line at night. The cashier was nice and our order was out in about 6 minutes which is rare when they're super busy.One of my go-to places for a burrito and some orange sauce. More their orange sauce :)La Vics never disappoints.  I used to go there at least once a week when I lived in San Jose.  I always make it a point to stop there whenever I am in town.  The orange sauce is THE best.  I order it online all the time.Orange sauce makes average burrito awesome. The sauce is better than crack itself. Trust me.I usually grab a whole bottle to bring home, off the table. Nah. But, that sauce is something serious.La Vic is overrated.  The orange sauce is not the "most amazing thing to happen to Mexican food", and  the burritos are mediocre at best.  The horchata has way too much cinnamon.   The chips(tostito's I think) are always stale.  The service is almost always unfriendly. I guess I'd be rude too, if I had to work in such a shit hole, over run by silly gangsta college kids.I'll give them a extra star due to the fact, they DO stay open late.   So if J-box isn't sounding good...La Vic will be ok...I guess.Grande Pizza is next door.  I suggest going there and more bang for your buck.La Vic is da orange sauce, baby! It's already been said about 1,000,000 times, but the sauce is boss and I highly recommend buying it in bulk to add to your BBQ, cereal, pretzels, and as a good hair gel. This stuff can even cure the common cold! I know, you think someone here is prone to hyperbole, but I am telling you, this stuff, if applied properly, could end armed conflicts throughout the world.As for the food - decent to good - just add sauce and enjoy!This place blows.  I have no idea how so many people can love this place.  Oh, wow, they have orange sauce, whoopdie-doo.This place takes forever cause it's always packed, and the food is greasy and salty as hell.  It's cheap, and based on the taste, should be cheaper.  Their breakfast burritos are truely disgusting.  I only go here if my friends are insistent.Pork in the orange sauce? Disgusting. I guess it's true, you really are what you eat.The food here is definitely sub par, but they seem to reflect their patrons pretty well. Anybody who goes to a restaurant strictly for the sauce needs to get their head checked.Ok I'm sorry all you Orange Sauce lovers but seriously? I've had waaaay better Mexican food. The Orange Sauce you folks love so much is NOT worth going to this local chain.Overall I found the burritos to be meh. I've gone back numerous times thanks to my coworkers and have yet to be swooned or in love with this place. It wasn't disgusting food but it definitely isn't worth the price. The guacamole each time I've eaten here is no where near fresh, the meat is often over-salted, the rice is usually either undercooked or overcooked, they cheese they use isn't that great either. I LOVE good Mexican food but unfortunately even La Vic's famous Orange Sauce isn't enough to mask the sub-par quality of their Mexican food.There are better places people!Come for late night munchies and orange sauce! This place is open super late, making it a good place to cap off a night out. That's also probably the only reason why I would come here.Food is average for the most part, nothing too special. I think the orange sauce is a bit overhyped but I know that some people swear by it so just try it out for yourself. Not sure what's in it but it can't be healthy for you.This is a gem in San Jose. Their Orange Sauce is legendary, and the thing I most missed about San Jose when I was living in Oregon. They are open very late, and it's right next to the SJSU campus. Perfect for post-drinking food. I always get their cheese quesadillas and add a good amount of orange sauce. Delicious and cheap!I don't know how many hours I've spent waiting in line on Friday and Saturday nights but it was always worth it.  Their food is inexpensive and pretty good from what I remember.  The wait was a little frustrating but I guess there's a reason why people are willing to wait in the first place.- One star for the long line full of floppy drunks during after hours.- One star for the homeless man chillin infront begging for orange sauce to put on his Big Mac.- One star for the invisible sign "pay for refills" that we all don't know how to read. lol- One star for the fact that i can't eat spicy food but can still eat that orange sauce with my burrito even if it leads to damp armpits. =)Location:I envy the San Jose State students because they don't have to travel far. Parking sucks! I have been towed before, so do NOT park in the Jack in the Box next door. FYIPrice: Not going to break any wallet, because it fits the normal college budget.Service: Grab a tasty burrito after class, or after a party at 2 am. Moderately fast service. Have a good cheese sauce.Atmosphere: In a run down, victorian house. Very casual. They need to do some renovations, or at least some updating. Could brush up on some house keeping, and some cleaning. One of those hole in the walls that you just love!This is the! Place I go get my grab on. when I had the breakfast burrito this morning I found a piece of 4 inches of hair.So far, this is the best and only place in downtown San Jose where I have ordered Mexican food.  Am always on the hunt for new and better places, but I would say LVT is a solid 3-star joint.Yep - the orange sauce is good...very good.  That would give it a 1/2 star bump, but there are better places I've been to that rate at the 4 star level, and this isn't it yet.It does provide good value.  Inexpensive, and if not at the Noon hour, is relatively quick service.The quest for best mex in SJ continues...This place is AMAZING.  Their food is totally authentic Mexican food.  I have only gotten the veggie burrito (I'm vegetarian/vegan), but man, is it great!  My ex-roommates liked the tacos and chorizo burrito.  The best thing about this place is their orange sauce.  /drool  This stuff will cure your sinus problems and leave you wanting more.  I've always been curious how they make it.  ;)Like others have recommended, dining in is great if it's not that busy (which is rare), because you can have as much orange sauce as you want.  There are a few bummers about La Victoria's such as: not much sit-down seating, long lines, cranky cashiers, noisy atmosphere, credit card limit, and drink refills cost money (and trust me, you'll need a refill after the orange sauce).  However, the pros outweigh the cons...definitely!  Even better is that they are open really late, so if you get a midnight (or earlier...I think until 3 am now!) craving for yummy food- La Victoria's is there for ya!Overall, great food, famous orange sauce, and nearly 24/7 service = four out of five stars!For the second time now I have ordered a rice, bean, and cheese burrito and received a semi-flat concoction that contained more tortilla than ingredients inside. And, when I do actually bite into the limited filling, the black beans I asked for are always laced with pinto beans.I still have to keep three stars though for La Vic's being open so late, being in convenient location for when I have fun downtown, and for having unbeatable hot sauce.The first thing that i loved about this restaurant is that they took a old Victorian house in downtown San Jose and turned it into a restaurant, what a unique great idea. I came here at around 1:30 on a Friday and it was quite busy.  I order a chicken burrito with orange sauce, it took them about 5 minutes to get me my order.  Wow, this burrito was excellent, the chicken was really flavorful and moist and the orange sauce is bomb.  I was told this place was good and that i had to give it a try and i am happy that i did.  I will definitely come back to La Viks, especially because it is in walking distance from my office.  You will enjoy this Taqueria, the ambiance is great and the food is awesome!Located near SJSU, I can see why this would be a popular choice for the University kids.  My friends and I went here on a friday and it was packed.  The taqueria is located in the bottom floor of an old victorian house on San Carlos St. near campus.  The place has only a handful of tables and often long lines.  When we were there, the place was packed.  The lines were long and a lot of people milled around waiting for their food.At the recommendation of a friend I got the chicken "super burrito".  I expected the super burrito to be larger, but it wasn't.  That's ok, I just expected it to be bigger.  The chicken was moist and tender and mixed with pinto beans and wrapped in a tortilla.  The burrito wasn't very flavorful but was satisfying.  Thank goodness for the orange sauce.  The orange sauce added the necessary heat and flavor required to make it a decent burrito.  The burrito was kind of drippy and messy, but not horrible.I thought it was stupid to charge $2 for a drink and then charge for refills.  That's pretty tacky.Overall, I don't know if I'd return based on the location alone.  I've had better burritos and I don't know if I'll ever "crave" La Vic in the future.I've heard of this place and know of a number of people who come here to eat after a night of drinking.... but I've never tried this place until earlier this week... I wasn't sure what to expect.. but was told I would be getting greasy Mexican food... which was already a turn off for me.... which is why it took so long for me to actually come here and try the food...We only had a pastor quesadilla.... but to me.. it literally tasted like super greasy chili slapped into a slightly crispy tortilla with cheese added to it... I tried the orange sauce... which was nothing special to me... Now, I will admit though.. if I had tried this a few years back I probably would have liked it... but I've slowed my greasy food intake.. and have tried authentic fresh made Mexican food.. and it's so good... that I have found myself not really liking this (what I call) Americanized Mexican food...3.5 stars, but rounded up.So yeah, orange sauce. The reason why I am here is because I heard so much about it. Once I got my ass in town (San Jose is far away for us peninsula folks on a weekday!), I decided to try it out for a late dinner.Their carne asada was really, really good, especially matched with the cheese, the tortillas, and the beans and rice. I'm not a big fan of their carnitas though, cause the pork tasted a bit funky. I think the cut of pork was just not great to begin with. However, it was marinated well and went really well with the burrito as well.The orange sauce was decent but not something I'd sorely miss if it didn't exist. The good thing about this place is how all the flavours come together in their dishes, so it's not just rice, beans, salsa, cheese and meat, but rather a unique combination of all the flavours.Also they open super late!Now I should try their RWC location since it's much closer to where I am...I was so excited to finally try La Vic's after hearing such good reviews about their orange sauce. After seeing Joanne at Ego Mechanix with my daughter, I thought it'd be a perfect opportunity.Oh my god. It was so gross. I LOVE taqueria food and try different ones all the time. At La Vic's I ordered nachos with carnitas and a regular burrito with carnitas and LOTS of orange sauce.When I got home and opened the nachos, I found COSTCO chips for the nachos. AND THEY WERE STALE, like badly stale. My husband grabbed a bag of chips from our pantry so he could at least eat the toppings.I dug into the burrito and tried the orange sauce. Um I don't think it's anything to rave about. Yeah it's hot, but there wasn't really any flavor. My husband loved it though. I enjoy Taco Bravo and Taqueria Los Pericos much, much better.I don't know what's up w/ me and quesadillas but I ordered the super chicken quesadilla again.. of course I smothered it in their oh so delicious orange sauce while my Cousin devoured his burrito.. The service was friendly and fast and right after we ordered, their was a huge ass line.. I wish La Vic's have their own parking lot.. that would be awesome.Super tasty you can't go wrong with this place. Does get packed , might take u longer to order a burrito than eat one!.Saw this place on Yelp's "let's review something next" and remembered what a great place this is and that I never reviewed it n the past! I used to get their tacos and taquitos on a weekly basis when I lived nearby. I had the biggest cravings for this place! Happy to see I am not the only one! I need to make a trip very soon.Are in the mood for a quick burrito, tacos, or some nachos?  When I'm in the mood for a quick burrito, I usually go here.  The turnover is pretty quick even when on occasion the lines are out the door during lunchtimes.  I generally get a regular burrito with carne asada.  I've had the super nachos and tacos as well, with the super nachos holding the trophy for best item on the menu here.  Unfortunately, these super nachos may invoke instant food coma which does not go well in coordination with having to go back to work, so I usually stick with the regular burrito (which is only $4.95!).  The secret behind this place is not the cozy little location in downtown San Jose that was a little Victorian house converted into a taqueria, nor the fact they open to an awesome three in the morning, it's the special orange sauce.  What are the ingredients to this orange sauce?   I have no clue, but its pure awesomeness.  This sauce is the main reason I go to this place.  They even sell bottles of this stuff separately and have made a name for themselves for this sauce they have.  Bottom line, without the sauce, La Vic's would just be an above average taqueria.  With the orange sauce, it elevates this place to a whole new level.Food: dry, stale, tough, and bland.Sauce: good but then you feel your arteries getting clogged up as it runs through your system.Advice: Go around the corner to Iguana's.You're welcome.Classic place for late night munchies after drinking/partying in downtown San Jose.  Food: Gotta note that all the food here is average.  Average in taste and cost.  Not really an authentic Mexican/Mexicali joint.  Not sure what it is.  The burritos are nothing to write home about but I order them everytime I come here.  What is noteworthy is their orange sauce.  Not sure what's in it but I don't care.  I smother my shit in it everytime I eat.  It can't be healthy, must contain mayo in it or something.Cost: Average.Overall:  Come here because you're craving the orange sauce.  Don't leave until you've finished half the bottle their served in.  Food is like a 3 star rating and the orange sauce is a 5 so it averages to a 4 for me.I've been here maybe 3-4 times.  First time was fantastic, and the rest was just OK. This place is good for what it is...a late night place to get your munchie fix. Yes, the orange sauce is good, but is it really that good??  I don't know.  I guess I have to try it again to be reminded.If it was closer to where we lived, I might go more often but it's out of the way, and the parking is hellish.  I don't want to go back there just for the parking.If you haven't been here.  It's definitely worth a try to see if it's your thing.  You're sure to find something you like.I think I've got to say that this place is overrated.  The only redeeming quality about this place is the oh so famous Orange Sauce.  Without it, the place would be the worst taqueria in San Jose.***The orange sauce is chorizo drippings, peppers, and mayonnaise***Sorry for bursting your bubble, vegetarians and vegans.The food is way too greasy.  Usually greasy food tastes great, right?  Not here.I sooooo want to steal a bottle of the orange sauce from this place, it's super tasty.  This is an awesome place to go if you need a late night snack, and it's pretty much busy at all times of the day and night.  The food is fresh, the service is quick, and usually there's enough seats to go around.  Plus they have a security guard which makes it seem a bit safer at night in this part of town.Parking is super simple since there is a multi-story parking lot across the street as well.I've heard tons about the orange sauce and finally had time to try it out. I'm sorry everyone, but I'm just not much of a fan. I'm sure it's good, but I'm just not a huge fan of ranch or sour cream so I decided to skip on the sauce. The prices here were definitely economically friendly, with my regular carne asada burrito = less than $5. However, I've had better carne asada at practically every taqueria in Mountain View. The meat was a bit too dry and tasteless for my palette. The husband's breakfast burrito was less than $3. This was the first time we've been at a taqueria where they serve movie style nachos instead of the more traditional melted fresh cheese nachos. I probably won't be back because 1) it's out of the way for us and 2) not a fan of their famous sauce.Great after hours place.  If you've had a busy night going to the clubs or bar hopping on the weekend in downtown, this place is nice way to end your day.  Great place to sober up and talk to other people who are trying to sober up.  With most afterhours restaurants, you just go to get some food in your stomach, but with La Vic's the food is actually enjoyable, but don't forget the orange sauce, it'll make your burrito that much better.Highly recommended eating spot for any meal(the breakfast burrito is bomb) or late night, but you have to make sure you get there before the clubs and bars close, because it gets packed and management will begin closing the doors for fire safety reasons.This place is the college hangout spot.  A bit over-rated for the fast food Mexican food.  The special "orange sauce" isn't as great as everyone states.  The food can sometimes be extremely greasy.  One time a friend received a quesadilla that was inedible because of its greasiness.An okay place.  Especially good if you're craving burritos late at night.  This location is a retrofitted house with steps leading up to the door entrance.  Enough seating for about twenty.  Long lines are to expected during feeding hours and weekends.  Watch out for the clubbers.There's nothing special about their carne asada burrito, but their orange sauce is something I crave at times. It goes well with anything. I love eating it with my carne asada quesadilla too. The quesadilla is made so crispy I love it. I don't like eating things where they become one mushy substance. Beware the orange sauce is spicy.I'm not the biggest fan of mexican food so I usually just get the carne asada quesadilla. They're pretty cheap and you get more than enough food. The orange sauce is spicy and delicious! I don't really crave for La Vic's but it's always good after a night out. For the times I do go during late nights, sober or not I'm always pleased. Everyone should definitely try the orange sauce at least once.I don't really have any complaints :) If you're not a fan of crowded places then I'd suggest to not come here late night since people are usually rowdy/drunk.The place to go on a late night! Even though I've never experienced it, I can see why some people complain about the service. However, I think that's more noticeable when you've got 50 people in front of you half drunk and half-acting like douchebags. The burritos are good, not extraordinary, and the service is good when it's not packed.The sauce!  That's all I ever hear.  It was first recommended to me by a fellow outside my work to come here back in the early 90s.  Well, the sauce is wonders and is the sole reason why the existence of this place is a reality.  Somewhere down the line in the late 90s and early Y2K, my friends and I vowed to never come back because of the burritos made us sick.  Perhaps, the USDA passed some bad beef during the inspection.  After the hiatus from La Vic, I returned to find no more problems.  Tipping the bottle over and drenching the mystical orange sauce over my Carne Asada Burrito, I remembered what I missed.  Today, I had the usual again, without beans or rice because that would just send me straight to bed.  The steak was grilled to perfection with some areas of crisp in each bite.  Seating was not too bad.  As I stood in line, tables were clearing smoothly, like playing musical chairs.Parking is almost next to nothing.  You either have to park on the street or park in the Jack in the Box parking lot.The GF has fond memories of this place from her days at SJSU and we stopped by for dinner during the SJ Jazz Festival last week. I went with the carne asada burrito accompanied by an horchata, with liberal dosing of the orange sauce. Honestly, the burrito itself and the horchata were good but not outstanding... but I agree with other Yelpers in that the orange sauce really kicked things up a notch.In the end, I can only give 3.5 stars. Definitely worth coming back for (especially the sauce) but only if I'm in the area.The burritos and other stuff here are not that great! The meat is very dry and they don't put much in. The only thing that is pretty good is the quesadilla. Without the orange sauce, I wouldn't eat there!There are plenty of better burrito places!!!I come here once in a while when I get hungry.  I prefer going to La Vics then any where else.  This place has got to be one of the best places...for their  Orange Sauce!!! For $6 a bottle, you can take home a bit of heaven yourself.  Pros:Price may vary but it's decent.The Super Burrito is my favorite. Quesos are super yummy!Orange Sauce rocks my socks.Service is fast.Semi-clean, but hey, it's near a college and their always a bunch of kids eating in there.Free water!Cons:Only one bottle of Orange Sauce per group.  You have to nag for a second bottle only after you finish your first one.Pay for Soda refills.Limited Seating.NO parking.Sometimes, it might be a little too smelly in there...Sometimes, the ladies behind the counter don't speak English...Sometimes, just sometimes, the kids there are so FRICKEN ANNOYING.I swear the orange sauce has crack in it.Everytime I'm in SJ, I have to go here. The burritos itself are average but the sauce makes it orgasmic. Mmmm!Sometimes I take a bite of the burrito then squirt the sauce in my mouth. Then the lady comes to our table and takes the other 3 bottles away and says, "only one bottle per table."Buy a bottle and put it in everything you eat. If you're like me, the bottle of sauce will last you about 2 days.This place just doesn't taste as good as the one on Santa Clara Street, and I swear, this place gave me the worst food poisoning I've ever had (it was either this place or the Chinese Muslim restaurant I ate at a couple hours earlier next to Wuji Mala because it was closed).Either way, I can't wait for the Santa Clara Street location to finish remodeling and open!PS the orange sauce eat the Santa Clara Street location is creamier and much better. As are their burritos and tacos.I used to go here a lot during my early years at San Jose State due to its popularity. Its famous orange sauce drew me in.However over the years, I became less fond of this place because of the dry burritos, raised prices and overwhelming late night lines (its a huge hangout place during college nights). If it wasnt for the orange sauce, I wouldnt eat their burritos. However, there other food items are good, such as their super flour quesadillas (very cheesy) and their super nachos (more moist). Both taste the best with carne asada as the meat selection.The seating during the day is okay, but it becomes a nightmare on the weekends because of college students and late night clubbers. I started to just call in my orders and pick the food up to avoid the wait.Although Ive grown distant from this place, I still love the orange sauce because it goes well with almost anything (fries, burgers, eggs, rice etc.)An okay place, but always busy due to its popularity around the Bay Area. I think its overrated.Location/Ambiance: Downtown = good way to end a night drinking. The lack of tables have given me trouble finding a place to sit and eat my burrito 50% of the time. It really depends on what time of day you visit. Day - find a seat without much trouble. Night - you're lucky if you find a table and I'd like to go with you. However, after a couple years of eating here, I recently heard that they finally opened up the upstairs area. Food/Prices: I always get the carne asada burrito. Reasonably priced. The biggest problem I have with La Vic's is that they are inconsistent. One day I'll get the perfect burrito. The next, my carne asada will be dry or my ingredients are stacked so I get all the guacamole at the bottom and cheese at the top...or worse...both! I like to go to restaurants knowing I'm getting what I'm craving and paying for. They do deserve recognition for that spectacular and ridiculously unhealthy "orange sauce". I've heard that you can put it on your wounds and be healed instantly.Service: Receive a number once you order. Wait can sometimes take up to 15 minutes. Keep your ears open for the woman yelling out your number, she gets annoyed if she says it more than twice. Pick up at the counter. They are very quick with getting tables cleaned and ready for another patron. Not very friendly but not rude. Just caught up in cranking out and slanging burritos.What a great place for college students to chow down. Cheap, filling, greasy, open late, good for groups.I had a chicken quesadilla, and my friend the vegetarian quesadilla. It was very delicious! I did like their orange sauce too, gave the food a kick.I'd be down for coming back again to try different things.Overhyped.I'm no Mexican food expert, but I've eaten the ones at my schools cafe and it tasted identical.  Maybe that's why you have to douse it with their sauce so it tastes better. I ordered the carnitas regular burrito, that comes with beans rice and meat; it's suppose to have salsa but their weren't any in mine.  Kinda expensive for a burrito at like $6, but given their location they will always have business.  Everyone mentions the SAUCE, OMG the ORANGE SAUCE, because that's the only thing that this place has going for it....the sauce. And everything is tasteless so you need more sauce hence that's the only thing you remember.  I would rather go to a restaurant known for their good food. GoodbyeI always get: Chicken super burrito w/ extra orange sauce.The burrito is plain without the sauce. Not great quality burritos, but good in size and portion. This place is nothing without their orange sauce. There's an upstairs eating area if the downstairs is full.WTF Really?!?  I never yelped La Vics?Any one who has had any tie to SJSU has been to La Vics (and if you haven't, shame on you!).  Ever since I started dating the hubs, we've been going to La Vics.  Its a great local spot with good food, friendly staff, and convenient location to everything in downtown.  I'm not going to go on and on about the orange sauce (which is amaze-balls btw, I wish I could use it but its a bit too spicy for me) because everyone else already has.  My fave food:- nacho fries.  Don't lie to yourself, this is CARNE ASADA FRIES.  I wish they made it with real cheese instead of nacho cheese, but still good.  They always put a LOT of meat in here which makes me a happy camper.- super burrito.  Forget the burrito-zilla around the corner--this is the isht!  Again, its all in the meat.- My absolute favorite: CARNE ASADA QUESADILLA.  I love this because its not too spicy for me, but it has all the yummy carne asada flavors.  Its huge, so I don't have to worry about getting hungry later.I think A-OK is about the perfect way to describe La Vic.  It's an about average Taqueria that stays open late and has all of the essentials.I've only had their breakfast burritos here before, since I was in San Jose State one weekend morning and this was close by. Their breakfast burritos are pretty decent, though I guess from reading the other reviews, that the infamous orange hot sauce makes it all taste better. They are open pretty early and they also stay open late, which I can assume makes for a good post drinking place to grab some late night snacks. Price is cheap so I can't complain about that. If I'm every around the area again, I might stop by and try their other items from the menu.Burritos here is very dry, if its not for the orange sauce, I don't think anyone would want to purchase such a dry burrito. However, after the remodeling, I think the orange sauce flavor has changed.I do however like the other foods on the menu. If you order the tacos and dine in, then the tacos are great. If you order them to go, then it gets smush and tortilla is soaked with sauce, makes it difficult to eat. Also, the vegetarian quesdilla is delicious. I'm not a vegetarian or anything close to it, but if you don't have a big appetite, check out the vege quesdilla.Good: Love their orange sauce. I have not found an orange sauce at any other taqueria that I liked as much. Also, they''re open till late which is good for snacking, but I'd rather walk around the corner for Iguanas. Bad:Everything else. The food is always really greasy and doesn't taste good unless you have it with the sauce. Their carne asada is always really dry. The beans and rice don't taste very good either. Their super quesadillas are really big, which is nice, but then it always falls appart and is greasy, just like the rest of their food. Also, half the time their bathroom is out of service. I recommend only buying their orange sauce, $6 a bottle, but make sure you eat it fast because it goes bad right away. If you eat there, make sure you don't take two bottles of sauce to your table, someone will come around and take the second. I guess maybe they think ppl. will steal them?The price is average, and it's usually busy around lunch time.When i was attending SJSU, i used to eat here all the time. Their Orange sauce was the best thing created since sliced bread. I loved this place. REALLY LOVED this place.After a few years, I moved back to SJ (downtown) and ate here a couple more times. I have to admit, it's depressing how horrible the quality has become. The orange sauce isn't what it used to be. It almost seems as if it's been watered down. It's not as spicy as it used to be and the flavor doesn't explode in the mouth like it used to. 4 years ago, I would've given this place 4 stars. Until they rethink their strategy and have things tasting like they used to, I'm going to keep going to Iguanas (which is just around the corner).It was my first time at La Vics and the only thing that really makes this place stand out from other burrito joints is their special "orange sauce" (probably chipotle sauce). The sauce was super bomb! Very spicy but the gooood spicy (coming from a non spicy eater) I ordered the Chorizo (minced Spanish sausage- super delicious and flavored) Super Burrito for about $6. The super burrito came with rice, beans, cheese, salsa, guac, and sour cream. However, while eating my burrito I realized I didn't see the guac or sour cream. So I had to ask the lady upfront for the sour cream and guac on the side. I didn't see it in my friend's super burrito either so if you guys order that ,make sure you double check. =)Overall, the burrito wasn't too bad. It wasn't extraordinary from what everyone raves about, but the ORANGE SAUCE definitely makes it taste10 times Better!!Been here a few times...finally writing a review...(yea yea, i'm lazy. id rather eat than write)Ordered a Carne Asada and a Pollo Super Burrito (split between me and a friend).Carne asada was good...Pollo...too wet for my liking. (But then again, I like my pollo grilled.)I STILL think their orange sauce has been changed...it's not as spicy as I remember...but it's still good. What's even better is that this place is open late! I do love their tacos tho...meat AND beans....mmmmmm.Man, I'm hungry again.One of the reasons I really like this place is because is open late everyday! and I am a late person, Everytime I go there I get the super flour Quesadilla with Carne asada. I just love it!! combined with their authentic orange sauce, and the perfect fried tortilla, definitly make a difference with any other taqueria around! always young people, sometimes too geto, I guess thats why they have security guys aroundONLY reason it gets even those 2 stars is for their sauce. typical i know. but what can i say? their sauce is pretty AMAZING.two days ago i visited with my boyfriend all the way from santa cruz and was given the worst treatment ever followed by a stomach ache later with some vomit after. I don't go to san jose state so i have only been to la vic's several times...how the hell was i supposed to know that you weren't allowed to have two sauces per table. we just took the table that was there and the people before us left two sauces! this young-ish worker come us to us and gives us the dirtiest look ever and almost "scolds" us for having two sauces. I GET THAT YOUR SAUCE IS BOMB, BUT DON'T TALK TO BE LIKE COMMITTED A CRIME for having two sauces. that b*tch. i swore that i'd never come back for anything else ever besides the freaking to-go sauce.to make matters worse...the freaking carne asada tasted like it was marinated in salt water for 32 days...there was a nasty hard cheese lining in the burrito as well which made me wanna gag. the question is....how long did the burrito stay outside before they decided to barely nuke it in the microwave. i'm all for microwaves...as long as it MAKES MY FOOD HOT AND MELTS MY CHEESE. i gotta say...even tho iguanas doesn't have that sauce...i could definitely settle for their sauce/BETTER SERVICE/and better food....I REALLY HATE YOU LA VIC'S. all you have going for you is your sauce.I know, I know everyone loves La Vic's as it is called in more colloquial terms, but I really am not super impressed with their food its not horrible or bad. Now on to the famous Orange sauce yes this is what makes the food taste much better then normal. I love the orange sauce and can eat it on pretty much everything. I think my favorite menu items is either a quesidila, breakfast burrito, and the new nacho fries, which are so horribly delicious and unhealthy that they instantly bring you new levels of self loathing. My friends and I used to always go to La Vic's during late night greasy food binges after the bar/clubs as well as when we attended school at SJSU, so I have been going here for some  time now.Repeat Offender strictly for the Orange Sauce my friends!!!!!One thing every college students know about in San Jose, la vics is open after midnight! I only come here for that reason and because I love their orange sauce. Yes it is a little over hyped but there is NO where else you can get sauce even slightly similar to la Victoria. The burritos are okay, not the best but still good. The quesidillas are very greasy but I still love them. It's crowded at night and during the day (weekdays with sjsu students).I would recommend coming here if you're craving good sauce and Mexican food. And if you're here during the day eat upstairs! The upstairs is only open during the day and it's way less crowded and noisy.I really don't understand the hype that is La Vic's. After hearing so much people say it's amazing here, I decided I might as well give it a shot before judging it. Mind you, I love Mexican food. It's one of my favorites. But I think La Vic's puts Mexican food to shame. The food just tasted really nasty to me, with very strange flavors on my taste buds. My friend and I split a super taco, a quesadilla and carne asada fries. The taco was okay. The cheese in the taco was gross... and rubbery. The quesadilla was okay. The carne asada fries.... were gross.. I barely touched them. Also, the orange sauce? I don't understand why people love that so much...Seriously people, have you just never had amazing Mexican food?LA VICS ORANGE SAUCE, that is what's famous here!any burrito you get, just pour some orange sauce on it for perfection.parking can be quite harsh at night, that's when i usually come, but its well worth it, they do limit you on how much orange sauce you take home now, and would charge you extra if you get too much, i've seen my friend's fridge from san jose state packed with orange sauce back then. MUST TRY!So I've been to many Mexican places but my friend told me that I have to go here.The place is located in what seems to be a house, you take the steps upstairs and boom! It's a restaurant. That was kind of weird for me. Food:I ordered a regular burrito with the orange sauce and I have to be honest, the burrito itself is nothing special. It's quite plain, there's meat, beans, and that's about it... The sauce; however, has a distinctive  taste. It's a little spicy and creamy-ish? At first, I thought it was a derivation of thousand island sauce from In-N-Out. Anyway, the sauce is pretty good but after I ate it, my friend told me that they made it from beef grease so I don't think I'll be eating it anymore...Non-food:Parking is ridiculous even at midnight so good luck finding parking. Service is regular I guess, you just order at the counter and wait for your food. Just like any other Mexican places. It also seems like the place gets more crowded when the night gets darker (starting at 11:30p)Oh, also a regular burrito is $4.95, so that's pretty cheap!Haven't been there in a while but they had great burritos and an awesome orange sauce.I go to San Jose State and I have to say this place is a staple during the school year. If it wasn't so annoying to park in the SJSU garages I would be frequenting this place when school is out too! I always get the carne asada super burrito to split with my boyfriend and it's perfect. I could rave about it all day. Not to mention the carne asada nacho fries are INSANE. Love, love, love. Not great for my diet but WHO CARES. I keep a bottle of orange sauce in my fridge at all times, hallelujah la vics!!I haven't been here for a while but I must say La Victoria's food and orange sauce is hard to forget. After moving away from my hometown San Jose I miss this place. Open really late. The super burritos with that sauce, that amazing orange sauce, is something I think about when I'm in the mood for a good taqueria. I stop here anytime I'm in town. Great food! Great sauce! Go SHARKS!I decided to try something different this time and got a regular quesadilla (yelp.com/user_local_phot…).  It was much better than their burrito, and I ended up not using as much orange sauce.  I wish it wasn't really oily.  But I'd rather opt for their quesadillas when I go in next time.The best quesadilla of the bay area. Their orange sauce rocks!Went with a big group and they rearranged half the tables to accommodate us. The atmosphere is pure strip-mall-taqueria and the food is slightly above average.  Why four stars?  Service, service, service.  We felt welcome and appreciated!La Victoria is good, but not always consistent. I'm really particular about carne asada. The carne asada here isn't very consistent. Some times it's great, sometimes it's not. But at 2AM who cares right?Yes, the "Orange Sauce" it's that good. An orange sauce tip: To score your group a bunch of the little Orange Sauce containers togo, tip the girl at the counter a buck. You'll get a bag full!Cheap food. Orange sauce. Lots of SJSU students.That pretty much sums up La Victoria...Its great for after the club, stubbling drunk, empty stomach food. Not the greatest taste UNTIL you pour on the orange sauce.I think its ranch / sour cream / peanut / spicy something... but whatever it is, thats the only reason I, and a LOT of people eat there.I only come here to buy the infamous 'orange sauce' and secretly bring it to another joint, like Iguana. The burritos at La Vic's just don't cut it. But I must say, the breakfast burritos is cheap and perfect.The one thing I don't understand is why do people stick with 'CARNE ASADA???' You think you're getting Niman Ranch steak? Is it the only thing you could pronounce? Shit. Some of you live in San Jose, might as well learn a few names. Maybe you're just too scared to try anything else. Steak is safe? Whatever. It's better to be adventurous.The 'al pastor' is good but too oily and messy. The 'lengua' is tender but it's so plain. 'Chorizo' is, well, chorizo. I don't know, La Vic's is pretty damn average but it's perfect when you need to sober up, not when you're ridiculous drunk. Overall, the orange sauce makes their menu taste better. DON'T WAIT IN LINE FOR THIS PLACE. There's better Mexcian around the corner, Iguana's!Me: Excuse me, I forgot to say no sour cream. Sorry, for the inconvenience. La Vic staff: QUE??M: No sour cream...LV: *talks to co-worker* Que??M: NO SOUR CREAM!!!LV: *rolls eyes and tells burrito roller no sour cream*Shortly after...LV: numba juorte twoM: Thank you *smiles*(gets in car. opens foil...)M:that bitch gave me sour cream!!!I hate La Vic's. Don't ever go there.Take away the Orange Sauce, and its really nothing special. There are MANY, FAR BETTER taquerias in SJ. I suppose the benefit is there aren't many open as late as La Vics....Spent way too many drunk nights being dragged here by college friends that couldn't get enough. Lines, high prices, average at best.If there's anything San Jose should be known for, it should be La Victoria, or La Vics. I've been going here since high school, and would sometimes ditch class, just to grab a burrito. They're known for their orange sauce, which no one can replicate, and their fast service. I have yet to try everything else on the menu, but the burritos and quesadillas are the way to go. Oh ya, and don't forget the horchatta! I just tried their pineapple drink as well, and that's real good also. I personally don't like their al pastor, but you should try it, you might end up liking it. It's packed almost all the time, so you gotta listen up for your number. Seating is VERY, and I mean VERY limited. Keep your eyes open for any table right when you walk in, and save it pronto!Pros: You can purchase their sauce, shirts, and do phone ordersCons: Very limited seatingHubby & I came here a while back because of all the hype. I ordered a plate of flautas, which is basically shredded chicken rolled up in a tortilla and fried. I told them I didn't want the salsa &/or little 'salad' that comes with the plate, just rice & beans. Then my hubby ordered a burrito. We waited for a while but I wasn't complaining because I know they get super busy. We got our food to go because there was so many people, I didn't want to eat there. Our order was ready so we grab our food & head home. Again, it was too busy to check it inside... there was barley any room to sit, I just wanted to get out of there. When we get home, our orders were both wrong. My flautas had salsa all over them. AND they put the little 'salad' that was spilling into my beans. Yuck. I tried scraping off the salsa from my flautas and eating them anyway but the juices had already soaked in and tasted nasty. My tortillas were soggy! So then I just decided to eat the rice and beans... the rice was horrible and the beans were okay I guess, minus the stupid salad in them. My hubby's burrito had everything a standard burrito has inside, he didn't want certain things in it and repeated himself to them twice but it didn't seem like they cared to read the order because there wasn't any 'extra' anything in it and they put everything he didn't want in it. Annoying. Hubby said the sauce was good but other than that, they suck.One of the most common joints around the SJSU campus. It gets ridiculously packed during lunch & dinner due to college students. I usually get the carne asada burrito and always ask for ORANGE sauce!!! I only give it 3 stars cuz the other dishes aren't so great. The quesadillas are messy and just fall apart when you eat them. Just make sure to order the orange sauce!!!If I had to sum this place up in one statement it would be...The college kid's comfort foodHaving been a drunk college kid coming to this place it will definitely satisfy the "munchies"... I get hungry after a night of drinking.It just really good food for a decent price. Its not a fab sit down restaurant but if your fiending for a good burrito, quesadillia, or nachos this is your place. I'd give good money to know how they make "The Sauce".Small tip, if you get the nachos. Order them to-go, even if your eating there. They give you a bigger potion by about 1/4 more.4-5+ Years ago, i would have given 4-5 Stars, absolutely one of my favorite Mexican food spots. Came here about once a week for a couple years. But for any long-time customer, you have to agree that it's just not the same anymore... perhaps the old building before the fire had some magic in it. [*] Super flour quesadilla[*] Super Nachos[*] Pollo+ opens late night+ Orange Sauce (famous)- Orange Sauce (really diluted compared to before. Heck, you could have held the bottle upside down and the sauce still wouldn't move because it was so thick)- Al pastor/Chorizo is pretty overloaded with oil. More than what i'm used to... from them.  - Carne asada usually comes out a lot drier than I want- I've gotten a burrito here once about 7 years ago. It's not their specialty in particular. - street parking (metered) is usually a pain. Anything around campus is permit-parking only also. - yes those security cameras are watching YOU. i'm kind of sad, but I really don't come here at all anymore. Best of luck to them in the future.I'm definitely on the side of the fence that considers La Vic's a bit overrated.  I was first ate here because I heard of the mythical "orange sauce" - indeed it is good.  However, as a number of people have mentioned, that's about all that can be given a categorical recommendation.  The burritos are on the small side, although being about $1 cheaper than comparable taquerias somewhat compensates for that.  Yet even factoring in the price difference, the burritos have less meat than those from other taquerias and are less flavorful overall.  In the end, come here for the hot sauce--not for the burritos.  In fact, if you come here, I recommend going for a quesadilla.  They're better value for the money.  The quesadilla with carnitas (and orange sauce, of course) is my choice if I come here.  Oh yeah, and they used to offer chips for free.  The last times I went they wanted $.50 per bowl.  And one of the servers at the Santa Clara location is a bit rude.  Overall, there are better taquerias around San Jose.  I prefer Mucho's  over La Vic's.  And if you're in the Belmont (~30 min north of SJ), you HAVE to try El Metate; it ranks as my favorite.  Tres Amigos in San Mateo (~15 min north of Belmont in turn) is another good one.One of the easier reviews to write since everyone is practically the same.  Without their Orange Sauce this place would be average at best.  Order anything and grab a bottle of the stuff, and you're golden.and if you ever are able to sneak a bottle out to take home, let me know how you did it. : )  (they seem to have eyes like hawks on those).BTW: Their salsa is pretty good too, too bad they charge you for 1/4 cup of it.  This location is also very packed and cramped usually, thank you SJSU.Good orange sauce, but a crappy burrito.  Can't remember how many times I have gotten mystery chunks in my chicken.  Even when drunk, thats still disgusting.If you are smart, buy or steal some orange sauce, and then walk around the corner and get your burrito at Iguana's.This place is good except for the not so needed moisture in the sour cream. Throughout the burrito, the excess water from the sour cream and salsa start to overflow. I wish they would switch to a different brand of sour cream; one that is actually creamy. All the sodas (except for the canned or bottled ones) are flat. So I would advise to buy a canned soda if you want it carbonated. Last but not least, the chips are alwasy stale. No matter if I go in the morning or at night, they're hard. I guess it's because they're under a light.Of course the best thing about La VIcs is their famous orange sauce. Even though there are things that could be better, it's still a great place to eat.Yes, the orange sauce is great.  The rest of the food is a different story depending on the amount of love the kitchen puts into it.  When La Vic's kitchen is on the money, the food is great!  But when they're slumped out for the day, it can be a little disappointing.  The Super Nachos are one example of an inconsistent item.  Sometimes they're perfect and others they're a bummer.  In contrast, the Super Flour Quesadillas pretty consistent and they're damn good (I like them with Carne Asada or Carnitas).  In fact, the quesedillas may be the one consistent item on the menu other than the orange sauce.  The food overall is not bad, I just wish it was a homerun everytime.  Either way though, this is a good choice for late night munchies since they're open 'til 2am.Now, the bad... Service is pretty spotty.  I've encountered the same girl at the register multiple times and her mood definitely changes, unfortunately more often for the worse.  Everybody in the kitchen pretty much gives half a damn what goes on out front and they tend to get any special requests wrong.  The Horchata is inconsistent, and bootsy Horchata just rubs me the wrong way.  But the one thing that really gets me:  they sell Mexican Coke in the bottle (da kine made with real sugar instead of that corn syrup crap), but it's like $2.50 a pop!  The same bottle ranges from 99 cents to a buck fifty everywhere else.  What a rip!The Super Quesadillas, the Super Nachos and the orange sauce pretty much earn my 3 stars here.  Hopefully the service and inconsistency will be fixed so La Vic's can earn the missing 2.  In short:  they're good, but they don't quite live up to the hype.La Vic's carne asada supreme quesedillas are my all-time favorite.  They make their quesedilla's different from most Taqueria's I've been too.  The outter tortilla is crunchier and the ingredients they use for the supremo quesedilla makes it way better than the regular.  As for the orange sauce, it's a little spicy for me, but I always put it on my food from there!  I don't know why, it's just so addicting.  Another thing that is great about La Vic's is that they are open late, when many other places are closed.  Great place to go if you are in downtown San Jose at night.The food is ok. I've heard people swear the food there was amazing but when i went i just thought it was ok. Maybe its because of the fact that i am Mexican and i eat GREAT Mexican food all the time (mom is an awesome cook :D).Maybe the food here tastes very good to people who are not very familiar with what  really good Mexican food is. Dont get me wrong the food  here is ok just not  out of this world. I think that if you're very hungry, want something fast, and youre in the downtown area  and craving Mexican food then this is a good place to stop by and get a burrito :)  a HEFTY burrito :) oh and their orange sauce is ok...people put it on everything..i am lucky enough that my mom knows how to make it so the sauce wasnt something that was new to me.I ate here twice in two days. First night I had the chicken super burrito. It was stellar. Second night, I had the carne asada. Not so good. The meat was tough and flavorless. The sauce is everything people say it is. It's excellent.Love this place, have been here soooo many times over the years. Orange sauce is great, not too spicy in my opinion. I usually get the carnitas or the chicken burrito, either one is delicious!I have always loved this place ever since I discovered it in college.  Love the quesadilla carne asada with the orange sauce.  Use to eat it at least once a week.  I still come, but it isn't as convenient to make that drive anymore.  Solid place for the price.La Vic's can be decent. Alot of times, especially late night, it can be very crowded, and have no seats. The San Carlos location has horrible parking choices.I dont know why people are so crazy about this place. i've yet to have a bad experience, but I'm not wild about it either. I'd rather have Iguana's.WORSE EVERYTIME!Just BAD!What happened? New owners?..... Did the Mexicans leave?This place was the bomb! The place for Mexican. With the great Sauce.But the reality is everyone is leaving to other Taco Shops that are simply better quality.If you are drunk then this place is heaven!But if you really want to enjoy warm food and I meannice and warm meat! Not meat that was there from thenight before like this place does! Go somewhere else!NOT RECOMMENDED!LOOSING TOUCH!Always crowded. Always a long a wait. Never the best burrito around. Meat is dry and has poor flavor. Seems every third trip somebody in the group gets sick when they order chicken. Overpriced (YA RLY).What you should come here for: to buy a bottle of orange sauce to use on burritos you buy other places. Breakfast burritos (pretty much the only time it isn't packed). The best thing about the place is its proximity to campus, but there are better places literally less than a half a block further in every direction from campus.Plus, they charge extra for chips and salsa. I know it's a tacqueria, but who does that? Nobody else.GROSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!! I bought a bottle of orange sauce here for 6 bucks. So im halfway done with the bottle and I squirt some more and out came this Inch and a half long PUBIC hair onto my food!! fucking grossssss. I hate this place I almost grew up, i threw my food into the trash since it had sauce on it. DONT EAT HERE, who knows what else you will find in there or goes on in the kitchen. Do they make the sauce in the restroom?!!!Nice little restaurant known for their orange sauce. La Vic's seems to be a college staple in San Jose.  After the bars close there is always a huge line of people waiting to get a burrito with orange sauce.  The food is good here, nothing special but nothing bad.  What makes it better though is the orange sauce they provide.  Pricing is fair too.To note:  No parking, gets extremely busy, very limited seating.  I'd recommend grab and go.Stopped here before going to the NKOTB concert after it was highly recommended. I ordered a carnitas taco and shared a super nacho. The carnitas taco was really good but the nachos left a lot to be desired. I was highly disappointed to discover the chips were like Tostitos. This is the first taqueria I've been to that doesn't have homemade chips. The orange sauce was not that impressive either. This place is just ok.The food is great but the service gets sloppy over the time of day. Meaning that later the day, the worse the service. Get your food early and enjoy.ORANGE SAUCE, all that needs to be said. Very spicy though.I don't think you're a true San Josean if your life isn't somehow intertwined with orange sauce.  La Vic's is the spot when it comes to late night munchies. I'm no afficianado of great Mexican food, but for me- this hits the spot.  True, the orange sauce might actually mask the true flavor of the ingredients - but who is my palate to complain? My fave is the carne asada quesadilla- i like to have it as take out b/c it makes it easier to eat- like a crispy burrito.  True, there are drunks in there, obnoxious students, stoners with the munchies, but it's still a good and cheap place to have a meal with some friends before you head home. The last time I went- there was a guard who kept calling out the ticket numbers and it was getting really annoying b/c #47 still hadn't come to claim their food.  It put a sour note on the eating experience for sure- b/c i'm sure he was just there to make sure another fight didn't break out or another person wasn't stealing a bottle of orange sauce (heaven forbid - i don't know anyone who does that... ) Surprisingly, the bathroom wasn't a torrent of beans and turd.  Maybe they just cleaned it and maybe i was there before the drunken rush - but i was pleasantly surprised. oh - and the La Vic's on Santa Clara just isn't as good. No idea why - it might be the lack of drunken belligerence that makes every evening in downtown that much more interesting.This was my first time here. I rodered a super nacho! It was really good! I really liked the orange sauce. Yummy! Came here with a large group of people, but still managed to find a seat. The workers were nice about everything so that's a plus. I would definitely come here again. The super nacho was huge and a good price!I only gave it a 3 because without the orange sauce, their food is average or below. Living in SJ for a while, you have/should tried several different mexican food places. Next time you order a burrito, especially the most obvious of choice for the general public (super or regular carne asada) don't be so quick to glop all the orange sauce on it. Eat half of it without the orange sauce and you will agree that the orange sauce hides the mediocre taste of their ingredients. But hey, we're all suckers, I still go here regularly when I have a craving. The orange sauce is addicting and you tend to throw away or forget how their food without it is anything but special. It's especially good when your drunk or whatever other illegal activities you do to change your state of mind--as I've been told. I have tried other things from the menu, such as the torta, quesadillas and their mexican drinks. The food items still yell in need of the sauce. So take it as a good or bad thing.If you obviously hate the sauce from the get go, don't expect to be pleased.There is not much to say about this place that probably hasn't been said. So i'm going to write about a funny experience I had here the other day. Last Saturday I came here at 1am quite drunk. I don't even remember what kind of burrito I ordered, but that's irrelevant as I was only there for the orange sauce. So I was sitting there eating my burrito while professing my love for orange sauce to my friends when the thought crossed my mind that I should steal a bottle. As I was thinking about all the kinds of food I could make at home that would taste much better with orange sauce one of the workers came up to our table and asked if we were finished eating. Before I had broken out of my intoxicated food fantasy I heard the worker say, "Oh good you're all done, I'll take that" and she snatched the bottle right out of my hands before I knew what hit me. Huge props to the worker for recognizing a drunk orange sauce stealing college kid before he had time to attempt the job. Hurray for orange sauce!I've decided to compile a list about the things that the orange sauce goes well with. I've been using the sauce almost every other day since i purchased the bottle, and am going back to buy another one soon. Breakfast foods: Eggs sunny side up Scrambled eggs Breakfast burritos Cheese omelettes Toasted Jalapeno cheese bread from safeway I'm a fan of eggs and orange sauce. Lunch foods: HAmburgersFrech Fries Any rice, meat, or cooked vegetable use this sauce as a nice salad dressing!I think anything goes well with this orange sauce except for sweeets. Dinner foods: Anything Ok. so I've come to a conclusion everything goes well with orange sauce except for sweet foods, but maybe some people would like to try their orange sauce with sweets. Regardless everyone should go and buy their own SIX DOLLAR bottle.I don't really care for this place. Not quite sure why people think this is the hottest attraction in San Jose. It's not. Nothing stands out to me here other than the orange sauce, but it's not worth the big wait just for some sauce. Burritos are terrible. Quesadillas are average.Too many people show up here. A lot of drunk people come here for some hangover food and are usually pretty obnoxious. Not to mention a good amount of homeless people lingering just outside.My favorite hole in the wall Mexican joint.....Doesn't get any better than this people... The ORANGE SAUCE... You can't have a burrito and NOT have the Orange Sauce with it. It's like Batman with no Robin..... Cheeseburger with no fries.... Tom with no Jerry...Pencil with no eraser... Catch my drift??? This will definitely satisfy your hunger after a night of being belligerent and drunk on the streets of downtown SJ.Must Haves:1. Super Burrito - Carne Asada2. Super Quesadilla - Carne Asada3. Super Nachos - Carne AsadaSo.... I guess I like Carne Asada, you think??? ;)Oh, and their homemade Watermelon drink isn't so bad either. I think they have this occasionally.At the moment I write this I've got a throat that feels like it got assaulted with a wire toilet brush soaked in acid, and not the trippy kind. Nothing sounded better than getting my fill of burrito slathered in orange sauce.My stomach is now happy and my throat is quite angry.It's worth every bit of the further pain I just self-inflicted. Oddly it was dead tonight at 7pm. No line. Nothing. Devirginized a friend there. Much orange sauce was enjoyed and they bought a bottle to take home.It's a good, cheap Mexican spot and the orange sauce is great. It's not the best on the food end, but it's still damn good. Orange sauce solves everything.Orange sauce is like Mexican ranch dressing. Awesome on pizza. I've even used it with sushi for a bit of further cultural up the mashing. This is "that place" that "everyone talks about" and thus "you so gotta go."No, really just check it out. Next to Jack In The Box right by SJSU campus. Has a very high alcohol absorption factor.I DON'T KNOW WHAT THE HYPE IS ABOUT!? Yeah, orange sauce. Maybe it's my taste buds... but I don't personally like (or even handle) spicy foods. PROS- This place has a good reputation!- Located in Downtown San Jose, come here for a quick snack!- An order of chips is only $0.25! - Pretty cheap!- Open late! CONS- I really enjoy going to different places to try the food... but the customer service just killed it for me! Girl was rushing me to order. I mean, can I take a QUICK glance at the menu? I thought I was safe with ordering a quesadilla..... but it was so oily that I could barely taste anything past that greasy taste.- I paid $0.75 for guacamole to come inside of the quesadilla. I never saw the guacamole. heartbreak hotel.Maybe next time (if i come in), I should try a burrito. But honestly, orange sauce? Ain't EVEN all that !!!- go to adalbertos !!!You have to get the  quesadilla to go! It's DELICIOUS!!!As far as I can remember, the only thing I've ever eaten from La Vic's has been a Super Flour Quesadilla w/ Carne Asada, no guac. Smother in La Vic's orange sauce obviously.This location and Almaden Expressway are the best when it comes to food. But I prefer going to the Almaden location because of parking and there not being so many college students. Although it does get pretty crazy!Below Standard Taqueria Fare. Orange Hot Sauce enhances the flavors.. Like MSG to the Chy-knees..First, lemme just say, I love burritos. I wouldn't mind making burritos my last meal if i were on deathrow. However, I would die a sad man if my last burrito was from La Vic's.Let me explain why I wasn't impressed. I got a super carne asada with everything. What ended up in the burrito is a whole other story. It was relatively dry. The pico de gallo was refreshing, but it lacked something that holds the burrito together. There was very little guac and very little sour cream, and I could swear it had no cheese???I must say, i was sorely disappointed. The carne wasn't bad, but there were so little of it that I had to really smack my lips to savor the carne.My gf got the nachos, which came lots of guac/sour cream. But as the other review has already covered, they use those stadium liquid cheese, not shredded cheese. That's definitely a -1 in my book.Overall, an 3 star burrito, 2 star nacho, but the orange sauce was MONEYYYY, to bump it to 3 star overall. The other plus is that it was pretty cheap. So no complaints there.Some of the best quesadillas I've had outside of Mexico. They are small, use good Mexican cheese, crispy and full of yummy meaty goodness.And yes, the Orange special top secret 007 ingredient sauce is made of:1. Something orange2. Something spicy3. Something that's probably not that great for you, but what do we care     right?4. Something else??Ha. Thought I knew, but really I don't. Its damn tasty and even my neighbor bought a bottle to take home and had it in her fridge for her own tacos!! I see some marketing may need to be done here....There is nothing I can say that has not been said. But I would like to reiterate the following:1) The orange sauce makes me sauce my pants.2) The venue is original and a great atmosphere to hang out despite how loud it is. There are also a lot of cute college kids there all the time.3) The drive from Hayward just to hit it up makes me doubt my college choice. I sometimes think to myself "How different would my life had been if I had attended SJ State and lived across the street from La Vic's?" 4) Nothing will sooth a potential hangover like a greasy quesadilla. The food beats other mexican places by far. The prices are also more than reasonable. The tacos are different because they make them on huge flour tortillas as opposed to the smaller corn tortillas.  Some people do not appreciate the authenticity of this place compared to more Americanized places. Stop whining about the grease.They get five stars for two reasons and none of it is for the actual food!1. Their open up late, great place to go after a night of drinking.2. Orange Sauce!!!!!!!! What they hell is in this sauce? It is so DAMN GOOD! They actually bottle this stuff up and sell it. I highly recommend buying a bottle!The food here is a little above average for a taqueria. My advice........ buy a bottle of orange sauce and go to Araujo's Taqueria off Senter and Capital.La Vic's orange sauceis worth driving all the wayfrom San FranciscoDang, probably the worst carne asada burrito I've ever had. Disgusting and very unsatisfying! I'm from San Diego but I've learned to "enjoy" the so-called Mexican food up in norcal after many years. But this was by far the worst. Burrito was waay too dry and the load of beans and rice didn't help. Orange sauce didn't help either, as it shouldn't be expected to since it too is waaaaay overrated. What's with the orange sauce anyway?? My guess is that people find it's appeal in the fact that it's strictly guarded by the Nazis that work there -- "only one bottle per table". People like things that are hard to get. They also like fat and mayonnaise, which I heard the orange gunk is made of.I could see how drunk people would find this tasty. But then again I bet eating boiled monkey ballz drunk would also taste delicious.Everyone knows to come here after a late night, the crowd is an interesting mix of people but they're all hankering after the same thing: the orange sauce. Oh Yelp world, please don't kill me but since I can't take spicy food I haven't really tried the orange sauce, however my friends would probably drink it like alcohol. Anyway, the carne asada quesidilla is yummy. The tortilla itself is amazing and should be taken seriously. I would probably just eat the tortillas itself, without anything even on them. I also find it strange that this joint has security, and on top of that police just hang out watching the front of the house.This is THE place to be at to satisfy your Mexican food craving in San Jose.  There are a couple other La Vics locations but I think this one is the best.  Although its a little small, there is usually seating available unless you come late at night when most restaurants are closed and drunk people turn on their feast mode.  I usually get a super flour tortilla carne asada quesadilla.  FUUUUHHHH so delicious!! No joke!! And with the orange sauce on top, WOOO that just seals the deal!  I have no idea what the orange sauce is made of, but its amazing and it goes well with everything.   The horchata here is pretty good too although I've had better.  I swear it tastes like Christmas in your mouth.Parking can be a bit of a hassle sometimes since it is in downtown, but there are usually parking spots on streets around San Carlos.  The price for such deliciousness is not expensive at all.  If you are ever in the area, I would highly recommend you to check this place out!  You WILL be satisfied!The food is just good....The orange sauce however... is AWESOME!Great Food, Fresh...not to expensveI REALLY wanted to love this place. Melissa and I went here today on a co-workers recommendation. All I heard from him was how amazing the "Orange Sauce" was. And yes, I read all the Yelpers reviews so I was very aware of what was actually in the Orange Sauce. First of all, parking is nonexistent so bring quarters to feed the meter. The restaurant is nothing special but it was clean and the customers seems happy. I ordered the Carnitas Super Quesadilla and regular nachos (chips and cheese) and because I heard so much about this Sauce, I bought a bottle for $6. Melissa got the Carne Asada Burrito with pinto beans. Melissa enjoyed her Burrito but wasn't in LOVE with it. Mi Pueblo is her fav for sure. My quesadilla was greeeeeeeesy! It was fried and goowey but when I took my first bite, greese shot up my nose! The flavor was "okay" but not something I'd order again. The nacho's were on the lines of what you get at the movie theater. The "Orange Sauce" .... was missing something. Spicey, rich, flavorful, but missing something. Melissa and I thought it would be great on a burger or shrimp or even eggs. Maybe it was just to heavy with the weight of the burrito and the greese of the quesadilla. Would I go out of my way to try it again? Probably not. But I'm glad to say I've tried it.I am not going to review the place, cause it is situatued near a college, so it's not fair to judge a place on it's location. SJSU students are annoying, and even moreso annoying when drunk, so the best time to experience this place is in the daytime. I can say SJSU students are annoying because I was one. It's like saying it's okay to make fun of a certain race because someone you possibly are friends with belongs to the same race you mock and degrade.Orange sauce.Just buy 1 bottle. Put it on everything you eat. Hell, just buy the orange sauce and leave. The meat they use at La Vic's is hella dry anyways. If it weren't for the damned orange sauce, this taqueria would only be good for drunks and people who lack any sort of olfactory senses.Here is a list of stuff I have put orange sauce on:1. Jack in the Box Tacos2. Totino's Pizza3. Totino's Pizza Rolls4. Jumbo Jack5. McChicken Sandwich6. My finger7. Nachos8. A Costco Hot Dog9. A Costco Chicken Bake10. A Chipotle BurritoAnd they all taste damned good, moreso with the orange sauce.Can I has orange sauce? Shoot, not really man. They're cheaper than cheapskates, 2 to-go sauces for 1 burrito? Heck no. This booty buster of a place is nothing without the OS.When I was a freshman at SJSU, I didn't know better. Now I do. It's just "meh". I rather have Iguanas, even though that place isn't that much better than Vics. Only thing I have to say is that this place is alright if you're tired of everything else and haven't had it for ages. Good memories though.It's all about the Orange sauce here! It is delish! I like getting the Super Tacos and dousing them in tons of the orange sauce.We came here after catching Conan at the event center. This location is right off the edge of campus, so it was just a short walk over. The place was packed and out the door. Luckily, the wait wasn't too long and we were able to snag a table. I got two super tacos, one carne asada and one chile verde. They both came loaded with stuff, but I liked the chile verde one better. It came with two tortillas and I liked how the inner one was crispy.In the past, I've tried the burritos and the quesadillas but I think I'll stick the super tacos.  *chips and salsa are 50 centsIf you are or ever once a student at SJSU, you will know all about this place and their orange sauce...blah blah blah.  As you will read, most of their food is nothing without the orange sauce! I'm not really a big fan of the sauce.  I think the only good thing about this place is that it's open until 3 AM and it's walking distance to clubs/bars in downtown SJ.  That's about it.I used to go here a lot for their breakfast burritos, when in college. I got them mostly because it was a cheap way to get my orange sauce fix, but their chorizo and egg breakfast burrito was pretty good.I don't think the super burritos stand well alone without the sauce.  They're just okay hence the 3 stars. Take it away and there is nothing that would seperate La Victoria from the crowd.Came to La Vic after the Linkin Park concert a few weeks ago.  Place was crowded!! The bf and I shared a burrito and asked for it to be cut in half.  We scored a table and waited for our order. Overall the restaurant is really crowded and lots of kids from State since its so close.  Weird they have a security guard (with handcuffs!!) police-ing the tables to make sure you don't steal the orange sauce. Our order was called and we got a fresh bottle of orange sauce.  One squeeze for every bite!!! That sauce is amazing!! Next time I'll go back and get my own burrito and buy a bottle of sauce for my fridge at home!!I've been here twice and after much thought...ordered the same thing twice.  Carne asada super burrito.  Get the orange sauce.  It's spicy, but oh-so-good!  I can never finish a whole burrito, so it makes for a good meal the next day.  The place has been consistently busy in the two times I've been here...whether it's 2pm in the afternoon or 8pm at night.Can't speak for the Orange Sauce because I can't do spicy :(But le boyfriend and I do enjoy sharing a super carne asada flour quesdilla. We're both pretty big eaters but ordering one is just enough for us to share! Just shy of 5 dollars for a quesdilla, it's a pretty good deal. The cashier is nice and to the point. She's used to college students and busy business people on lunch, so the lines moves quick and she know show to handle money. You can get a sneak peak of them making the food, wrapping it up in front of you. There's seating downstairs and upstairs, so seats usually open up pretty quick. There's soda machine if you're trying to eat there, but no free refills. The food comes in about 5-10 mins after ordering, and they're pretty consistent in terms of going by ordering number. The quesdilla is flaky on the outside, when you lift it up, the juices from the meats and cheese grease dripped down your hands, but you clumsily slop it all up because it's steaming and you're hungry. The meat has a kick to it, so you might not even need the sauce if you're a wuss when it comes to spicy like me, haha. Otherwise, it's a filling lunch. The food is good. No need to bus your own tables. NOTE: this is the best la vic's of all the chains that they have in SJ and the one in Hayward, service and food.The good: the orange sauceThe bad: eh the food is just all rightThe ugly: where the hell am I supposed to park?You know Yelp loves this place but I'm not feeling it. The inside was kinda cute. I got flashbacks  from college. But you know the food wasn't bad, but it wasn't good either. I could not differentiate between the meat and the beans which kinda sucks. I mean what was I eating. Also I dig me some sour cream and there was none in my super burrito. The prices were pretty good though so I give them thatORANGE SAUCE!During a recent trip to San Jose, it was a dream come true to finally taste the orange sauce at La Vic's! We went on a Thursday night around 130am so it was full of drunk SJSU undergrads. The carne asada quesadilla is SO good and I'm hungry just thinking about it right now. One of the highlights of my La Vic's experience is seeing a huge group of Filipino girls get in a verbal fight and promptly get kicked out by security. Nothing like watching crying over quesadillas with orange sauce.I can't wait to come back here!Last time I was here, food was absolutely finger looking good.  But I must admit this was decided after after a couple of cocktails.Today I was here in the area and decided to give it another try since my mind/body was clear of any influences.hmm must admit, it wasn't quite the 4 star raving I gave it last time.  Sauce was still good but I think I'll just stick to eating here after a good night of partying in downtown San Jose.Love the spicy orange sauce... I don't want to know what goes in there.  Whatever it is, it sure tastes good (it goes without saying that it is not good for your health - they seem to forever have an inverse relationship).  The carne asada burritos sans orange sauce are already good (for those who cannot handle the spiciness), and the prices reasonable.This is one of very few spots in downtown San Jose that open late (3AM) in San Jose, if you want to look beyond the usual Jack In The Box / McDonalds / Burger King late-night alternatives, so the line tends to get really long at around 2AM when the crowd gets kicked out of clubs and bars and find themselves craving for some post-clubbing nosh.  They, however, lose a star for not providing their patrons with restrooms...  had to go to Jack In The Box next door a few times already!My friend said this is one of those "GOTTA TRY" taqueria. "Home of the Orange sauce" is what they call themselves. The burrito is so nasty but the sauce is SOOO good! I'd drive all the way to san jose for the sauce but I wouldn't pay six dollars for the bottle though. Just borrow the bottle and remember to return it the next time you make a trip down there.The sauce is good with everything! With rice, with pizza, with eggs etc.La VICS! La VICS! La VICS!A landmark and staple of any SJSU students diet! This place looks like your typical taqueria, well sort of it feels like you're walking into someones house, but the food here is good!I don't usually rave about Taco's and Burrito's but this place holds dearly to my heart. I love their Lingua, Cow's Tongue, and when you load it with their SPECIAL RED-ORANGE hot sauce the taste is almost magical! Seriously their Special Sauce is like a drug. I had to smuggle 2-3 bottles back to So-Cal so I can get my FIX. I put that on my Carne Asada Fries from Albertos! It taste so naughty!La Vic's is also a good spot for you club hoppers! It's open late but the line is long because ALL the other drunk folks decided to diverge to La Vics at the same time!Love the burritos and love the quesodillas..and I love drenching them in the orange sauce that you can still taste the following day.  I recently tried one of their breakfast burritos and was very pleased.  If only I could wake up every weekend morning to grab one before lunch time!After many years of coming here, I was surprised to see they had finally opened the area upstairs.  So what was usually super crowded before (especially at 1am and later on the weekends), is now only pretty crowded.  Thank you, to the upstairs area!  Oh, but please do add a speaker upstairs so we can hear the numbers being called downstairs.  Walking up and down the stairs every few minutes does get tiring, especially when doing that drunk or amongst a group of drunkards.La Vics, I'll be back!!DEMOTED.Because... the quality of food alone is not good enough to stand up without the orange sauce, and because its the greasiest Mexican food I've ever encountered.I'm a La Vic's crusader, always trying to turn non-believers into -- uh, believers.  Melisser is one.  The orange sauce is NOT made from the fryer grease!  I'm gonna kill you & Amy for starting this rumor!  I refuse to believe it!I bought a bottle of the coveted orange sauce and took it home & put it on everything that i consumed for the next week until it ran out.  Rice, pizza, Doritos cool ranch.  You name it, I orange sauci-fied it.  And what a beautiful week that was.  &  my liver & skin would be really sad if it were fryer grease i had been practically drinking for 7 days.Yes, the San Carlos La Vic's is kind of notorious for messing up orders, but in their defense they are in closer proximity to all the downtown "hyphy" clubs & the college & they are much more packed than the Santa Clara one.  I think that's what attributes to them messing up orders over there.   Don't let one bad burrito ruin it for the rest of them.  Next time you come down, you know we are eating La Vic's.  & we're gonna keep eating their until you sing it's praises just as I do.  :)AmenThe greatest drunk food ever!So I have been to both locations quite often, but somehow, I prefer coming to this location more.  Maybe it's because of the lure of the "Burritozilla" down the street that makes me think maybe this time I will go there?  NOT!  How can you ever turn down the orange sauce???!!!So whenever I come into La Vic's, I usually get the same thing... A Lengua burrito, sometimes regular, sometimes super, depending on my mood.By itself, the burrito is just a burrito.  Nothing too exciting about it, but once you put that Jerri-curl activator bottle of Orange Sauce in my hand, there's no turning back.  That burrito is history, and 2 minutes later, I'm as satisfied as can be.I remember reading that the ingredients of the Orange Sauce consist of chorizo grease, mayo, and red chili pepper.  I think it's the chorizo grease that makes it taste so good! Luckily, there isn't a La Vic's that is that convenient for me to get to, or I probably would have died of heart attack years ago, but at least I would have gone out with the memory of orange sauce on my mind... :DAfter finally making my way to La Victoria after numerous stories of burrito "enlightenment" I was left confused and somewhat satisfied. The hype that surrounds this tequeria doesn't measure up to the experience you get from the place. The burritos are pretty good I must say however, a far cry from what you will find around the Mission in San Francisco. The one thing that really made me weary of La Victoria's is their infamous special orange sauce... Now don't get me wrong, I am all for "special" additions to my food but when that special thing is orange rendered pig fat it can not be trusted. Just my opinion of course! Bon Appetit!Best quesadilla I have ever had.  Cheap as dirt.  Get the super quesadilla (any kind of meat is good) and pour on some of the orange sauce.  SOOOOO GOOOOD.  I used to come here all the time after church at the River on campus on Sundays, and the place would be packed!  Alas, I've changed churches and how I miss La Vic's.  Caveat about orange sauce:  My boyfriend and I liked it so much we bought a bottle and took it home.  Within a day, it had settled to about 2 inches of oil atop whatever else they had.... Yeah.  Don't think too much about what's in it.  Shake it up and eat! =)So I went to La Victoria's with fairly high expectations.  Everyone told me it was awesome mexican food, it was cheap and the orange sauce was great.  I ordered a super carne asada burrito which actually wasn't very cheap, maybe I'm just used to taquerias in Watsonville, but 5 bucks for a super is a little high.  I got my burritto, slathered some orange sauce on it and took a big bite! AND THEN....*cricket cricket*Nothing.  The burrito itself was okay.  The meat wasn't super flavorful or anything special.  Granted the orange sauce is good and made the burrito taste better, but I wouldn't guzzle the stuff or anything. If you're coming here for dinner try and get here a little on the early side because this place will fill up in a matter of minutes!No street tacos, booo! Long line, some Vietnamese gangster almost threw down cus his princess gf got gently bumped into and security took forever to get him out.The orange habanero sauce is good but not special as Iguanas has it too.Don't ask too many questions. The orange sauce is yummy and handy.Of course, I don't think they really put too much into their burritos.... but I don't mind fixing it all with the sauce.RIGHT next to campus?!! Who knew, haha.So after hearing so much about this place for the past couple of years, I've finally tried it.I had the chicken super burrito, no beans -- It's good but not great. I can see how it's really good if you're inebriated ;) It's on the wet side -- it dripped all over the place and I went through a ton of napkins.But that sauce... MMM. WHAT IS IN THAT SAUCE??Orange sauce is my friend...Orange you glad that you have orange sauce to make your La Vic experience a memorable one?Sorry to my friends from the Bay Area but I can honestly say that I don't know what the big deal was with La Vic's. Sure, the highlight was the infamous orange sauce. And when you're drunk/buzzed, of course food's gonna taste good. Makes me wonder how it is when I'm sober and when the sun's out. I'm looking to try out Iguana's next time I'm in the area, especially after seeing their feature on Man Vs. Food.If I could write a review on just the orange star, hands down I would have given 5 stars. But I guess I have to talk about the Restaurant as a whole.If you ever try coming here after going downtown, be prepared to wait for 30-45 min. This place is thriving with drunk people after 1am. I personally like to get out of downtown and go somewhere 1) less crowded and 2) with no cops lurking at every corner. When you come here at downtown, you can be greeted by pretty rude workers. I noticed that some staff have changed and not for the better. They're pretty shady on giving one more extra cup of sauce and they watch you like vultures if you eat in and have one bottle of their orange sauce. It's funny how they protect this sauce as if it's gold. Yes, they've got cameras and security guards so don't even try to steal a bottle of orange sauce! But the sauce really is that good. You have the option to purchase a bottle for $6, which I do every now and then when I go on an orange sauce frenzy. I put the sauce on everything. Fries, hot dogs, nachos, rice, and sometimes even my pasta! If you do buy it, make sure you use it quickly because it spoils fast. I only get three things here: -Carne Asada Super Burrito: Not a lot of meat, way too much rice and tortilla. They definitely don't stuff this. Sometimes the meat is crunchy and overdone, not juicy and tender like it should be. -Carne Asada Super Quesadilla: I love the quesadilla! though it doesn't have too much meat in it, I love how the tortilla is crispy.-Carnitas Super Burrito: Carnitas are crunchy as well but kind of in a good way. I actually like it better than the carne asada. Much more flavor. Read my review on El Farolito's burritos. Now, that's how a burrito and quesadilla are made. If only they had La Vic's orange sauce!The boy&I came here with some friends the other day, and it was an alright experience. I was surprised by how nice the inside was [definitely didn't match the exterior]. It was pretty crowded, but we were helped pretty fast. I wasn't really hungry, so the boy and I split a chicken burrito. He asked that there be no beans in it, but.... lo and behold, there were beans [ew], so I ate only a few bites. We'd also asked for grilled chicken, but we got... soupy chicken. It was kind of gross.. I also ate a few bites of my friend's carne asada quesadilla, which I thought was much better than the burrito, but still not super great.I do concede that the orange sauce is basically heaven in a bottle, but other than that, I don't think I'll be back. I don't get the hype..This place is best either in the morning for the breakfast burritos (even though i'll take a Breakfast burrito from albertaco's from socal anyday over this) or after a night of drinking. The only thing that holds this place together is the orange sauce....but be warned if that shit has been out all day (especially in the heat) it might give you the runs. I don't think this is the best mexican fast food around...not even close...and it seems like its getting worse and worse everytime I go there....There have been many things said about this place. My opinion is that it really IS all about the orange sauce.Example:I'm eyeing my burrito, wondering how on earth I'm going to finish considering how huge the thing is. I take a bite and think, "This is okay." I'm not sure it justifies the story I was told in line, where a lady explained how she had gone straight from the airport to La Vic's, putting off the hotel check-in until she could get the food she had been dreaming about over the seven years she'd been away from San Jose.  ("But I probably shouldn't have told you that story, because now you'll expect too much and it'll be all my fault if you don't like this place!" she said ruefully afterwards.)Then I remember people's worshipful phrases of the orange sauce, and ask for some. I generously add some to my burrito, take another bite, and all of a sudden, it's become the best burrito EVER. And the strange thing about this orange sauce is that it not only makes my tastebuds happy, but makes me want more, more, more as well. I finish the burrito completely and spend the rest of the evening completely full, in a state of food coma.Verdict: The orange sauce is like crack. Beware of its goodness.Why the orange sauce wasn't good enough to get this place five stars:- The place is usually packed, so you have to wait awhile.- The cashiers seem like they'd rather be somewhere else, or are just plain impatient. But I suppose you can't blame them when you have to deal with hordes of college kids day after day...- The food can get really messy to eat and there is no graceful way to do so.- Another time I ate here, I ordered a taco, and it was pitiful in portion.- They now sell the sauce by the bottle...so would you really need to come back as much?I wish Yelp would let me give half ratings, because I'd really give this place 3.5 stars out of 5, but I suppose 4 will have to do.Update (2/24/08):Alright I've been back since this place re-opened and I THINK I'm ready to give it 4 star rating. Since it reopened I've been here twice and both times I've been somewhat impressed in comparison to my previous experiences here (pre-closing down). The lengua here is really tender now, that is awesome. I don't know if it's supposed to be tender, but I know I like to have my tongue tender. This is only the second place that has been able to deliver on this. The al pastor is definitely better than I remembered, and I think that it doesn't need the orange sauce any more (blasphemy, I know). The flour quesadilla isn't bad and neither is the super taco. My only gripe now is how jampacked this place can get during a lunch rush.Old review:Note: My rating is a 3.5, but hell I'll round up.Without the orange sauce the burritos here look like floozies. Seriously, FLOOZIES! That being said for the average college student attending SJSU the price is just right and the orange sauce makes it all worthwhile. 3 stars for the burrito, but the burrito reaches 4 - 4.5 stars with orange sauce. The tortas here are good too. I wouldn't hesitate to say if you're not going to be using the orange sauce (and why wouldn't you, you idiot?!) you should get a torta. It's fairly big and filling, and it tastes good. Their other salsas are...not worth mentioning.La Vic needs to stop being stingy with the sauce when it comes to take-out.  Everytime I ask for an extra container, the person behind the counter acts as if I asked for their firstborn child.  They need to recognize that the orange sauce is pretty much the sole reason that most people patronize the place, so they need to give me my extra sauce when I ask for it!  With that being said, I enjoy the breakfast burritos (potato or bacon), as well as the super flour chicken quesadillas.  Very tasty, and they rarely disappoint...except for that time I threw up after eating a quesadilla.  It took me a while to regain my trust in La Vic, but now it's all good.What is up with the orange sauce?The only thing weirder than the fact that there is this mysterious "orange sauce" which is so good, is the fact that the staff there are Nazi's about having only one bottle/squeeze thing per table!We were cruising around San Jose after going to the snow convention downtown and were looking for somewhere to eat, so some friends that used to live downtown suggested this place.....Crazy orange sauce!!!  Welp.. it definitely differentiates.I like their super quesadillas, their orange sauce, their prices, and how close they are to SJSU. Their burritos arent great...that's why you put orange sauce. Personally, I like Iguana's better...oh man, imagine an Iguana's burrito or quesadilla with La Vic's orange sauce...that would be GREAT!!It;s all about that lovely orange sauce!!!!!!  I think it is basically some regular mixed with hot sauce which gives it that thick aioli consistency.Food - Very average to poor quality food.  None of the food here stands out so i won't even both reviewing.  Bottom Line - This place gets 3 stars just because it is open late and even their shitty quality food can be masked by being drunk and that heavenly orange sauce.  This is a good spot to come to after boozing in downtown San Jo.Two words:ORANGE SAUCE.haha but really whenever I'm in San Jose, I always try and make a stop and eat here. From the outside you'd never suspect that this place is a taqueria, but give it a chance and once inside you'll discover the magic of the beloved orange sauce. The food's average, I've definitely had better burritos and the place is pretty small and gets packed really fast.  I usually get a quick fix of the orange sauce, then purchase a bottle and take it back home with me and use it on everything. I swear this thing is kind of like heaven in a bottle, you can put on chicken nuggets, fried chicken, french fries, and of course better tasting burritos!Ah yes, the orange sauce. And not orange as in fruit, but orange as in spicy-awesome-cantgetenough-missitfrom2000­milesaway. Drippy-awesomeness, the epitomy of college taqueria. Just good stuff.Not much more to say than that on this one!I remember eating my first carne asada super burrito / horchata drink from this place back in September 1999.  Ten years later, I am still a fan.I don't remember the orange sauce being such a big deal until 2001, 2002.  Why? You didn't need it.  But after its popularity, it's really impossible to have La Vic's without the orange sauce.  I knew a guy that took three to four sauces so that he could pour some on each bite of his burrito.  That's hardcore, son.But I've heard, ever since they opened their chains, the quality has really gone down.  I hope not...cuz then, I'm just gonna buy your orange sauce.I love the orange sauce (like everybody else)... I hate the fact that you have to walk towards a homeless guy trying to start crap with you all of the time.. It never surprises me.It's close to impossible to find parking.. The food itself isn't anything spectacular.. I do like the Tacos though.. This place wouldn't be what it is without the orange sauce... That's the only reason I come to this late night  bucketOrange sauce. thats all you really need to know. buuutttt, ill go on. The food is really okay, not jump out of my seat good, but its pretty ok. The thing isssss, you add the orange sauce and the magic begins. And the horchata is pretty good, on some days - other days theres to much cinnamon. So go there and buy orange sauce, i have one in my fridge right now.Perfect for post ETOH hunger. I love their carne asada burritos/tacos. The flautas are good too. Orange sauce makes it even better! It's so good, I always have to have a bottle of that sauce in my fridge. Service is fast, in fact, much faster if you call it in ahead of time. Passing a line that goes out the door, straight into the counter to grab my ready to go brown bag full of Mexican food goodness? Score!So, I came here again last night...I'm pretty sure they put crack in that orange sauce, I just can't get enough.  We were here kinda late and the place was still packed, as usual...The only people I know who don't like this place don't like the orange sauce or don't use it, and let's be real...I can get a Carne Asada super burrito at any Taqueria around.  After all, this is San Jose.  The orange sauce is the essence of everything on the menu!!!!!  It's very simple.  Pour orange sauce, add salt, take a bite and repeat until your burrito, taco, etc is gone...the end result?  Happy and satisfied belly!I went to high school down the street (WOO WOO NOTRE DAME SAN JOSE) and frequented this place in my gray skirt and white polo shirt.Now that I go to college in LA, I CRAVE ORANGE SAUCE. CONSTANTLY.  Whenever I go out to eat Mexican food, you BET the first thing I'll say is "this would be so much better with La Vic's orange sauce."Cheap eats.  Perfect for drunkies as it's open late (it IS located directly next to a college campus).  They sell orange sauce by the bottle!My favorite thing to order?  Super flour chicken quesadilla.  Btw, be forewarned: it's messy as HELL to eat.  Don't bring a date here unless you've been dating for hella long already/you're not shy about looking like a hot mess eating dripping Mexican food. :)O...M...G.... I love their super nachos.   This thing is too big for one person to eat alone tho. I did it and felt like crap the next day. My favorites at this place are: 1.  SUPER Nachos.  (Five =P'''' )Have tried beef and pork.  Def prefer beef.  2.  Super tacos (Five =P'''' )Because I prefer two tacos with different meats than a super burrito)3.  Super burritos (Four =P'''' )Ordinary burritos with great orange sauce.NOTE:  The quesadillas here are not your ordinary quesadilla.  When I order quesadillas, I think of them coming to me as a half circle with meat inside, and cut into slices of pie.   The quesadillas here come to you in the shape of a burrito.  My friend ordered it and was like... WTH is this.   Could have been because we ordered to go but even so, I'd prefer my quesadilla to go to be wrapped in a half moon.  For this reason, I won't be ordering the quesadillas here.  Oh yah... orange sauce rocks.  But if you want some variety, I would also try the green.  =)P.S.  If you come here late nite, make sure you park your car close enough to the curb and within your designated.  I've seen police give out parking tickets for an entire row of cars for not being "in the space".  All it take is for one jackass to park too far back and cause everyone behind him to get a ticket.Drunk Night? La Vics is open late!When I was in college, all my roommate would go clubbing downtown SJ. And after a lovely drunken night, we would go grab food. La Vic's is always the place to go to afterI would always, always, always get the carne asada super burrito. It's AWESOME with orange sauce. I now get the veggie burrito. Its OKAY but the orange sauce makes it that much better. You can purchase a bottle of orange sauce for $6 or ask for the little cups with your order.Beware... They are super shady on their orange sauce. I would suggest you get the $6 bottle and take it home. it goes well on pizza, top ramen, breakfast burritos and just about anything! I have two bottles in my fridge as we speak!Dam dude , what we going to do after the club?  I got to get my moms bmw home soon but we can hit up la vics and pick up on the hunnies.  Yea thats the late night crowd there! The had a security gaurd in there yelling at everyone for no reason. It kind of pissed me off.  The food is pretty good but not as good as Taqueria Lorena's, Plus they have a more interesting crowd there!I'm not a real big fan of this place. I used to love it when I was in San jose, but I moved down to San Diego and tasted what real mexican food is supposed to taste like.. and La Vics just doesn't cut it.Personally, I think Iguanas is better.I'm a college kid La Vic's veteran.  I used to walk across campus and order the carne asada super burrito or cheese quesadilla drenched in ORANGE sauce. Can't forget my horchata to negate the spiciness. I love horchata, I introduced it to my amiga who quickly said, "[like omg] this sh!t taste like Penicillin." Lay the medicinal spoon down chica, your palette would be just as advanced as mine. Spend $6 on your very own bottle of orange sauce.  I put it on my breakfast fried rice, sushi, pizza, hot wings, pinky finger, and just about everything!  I'm international like that.I want a bucket of that orange salsa...seriously! I liked this place a lot.  Open late, fast and friendly service, delicious food (lengua was so soft and tender) and that amazing orange sauce...mmm...what could be better?Awesome Food!!! Great Place. Love orange Sauce.... Super Yummy!!!!! My Favorite is Quesadilla, Buritto. Chips and Salsa.My favorite is the chorizzo quesadilla - it goes really well w. the orange sauce - I go back often just for it!!!It is all about the orange sauce which makes the super burrito great.  I got the carne asada burrito and it was good.  But without the orange sauce, the burrito would just be good.  I hardly wasted the avocado. The strawberry drink was great and so good :) yummy yummy. I would come back here again.Love the flavor of everything especially the Carne Asada fries with everything on it. La Vic's is the place to be when you're craving Mexican. I just don't like how the inside facility smells like cleaning supplies all the time and sometimes the food isn't as hot as you want it to be. The portions are pretty decent too, so coming here is worth it.La Vic will go down in history.  This place is classic, but it's not the best burritos as some people may point out.The burritos are 3 star.The orange sauce is 5 star.There horchata tastes too much like big red.The hours and location is great.I go here all the time, and highly recommend it frequently.  That orange sauce is truely a God send... pour it on a dirty boot... i'll eat it.Everything that can be said already has.I BARELY give 4 stars because this place is open LATE. The food is 3 stars (I could DRINK the orange sauce and be happy)The enviroment is 1 star - its always fricken loud and hard to get a tableI live in Sunnyvale and when you want cheap mexican in the middle of the night this place rocks. If this place was only open during the day I would probably give it 2 stars. If you want cheap mexican during the day there are far better choices.Ah...good ol' La Vics...I'll miss these burritos after college. I'm not a burrito connoisseur, but what really hits the spot is their "orange sauce". I don't know what's in it, but it's orange and is the best thing on their burritos, which is the same ol', same ol' burritos. Then wash it all down with horchata or sangria. La Vics always seems like a good choice for lunch or late night, but the place is packed with a line of students out the door usually. But it is when the line is out the door that something happens that makes me hate this place so much! With 15-20 people in line, a group of the cashier's friends will always just cut everyone - it's a group of guys, led by a fat guy. They also do the same thing around the corner at Iguanas. It's happened to me probably 4-5 times. It really brings down the mood....and because of their turd friends, just an average rating.The 1 thing I hate - line cutting turdsLong before La Vic's had its long "remodeling' process, I've always been a fan.  I've been eating here since I was in elementary school. I always got the quesadilla and I always retreated to my seat near the window to eat.  After the remodeling was complete, I was extremely excited to re-enter the shop, eager to smell the wonderful mysterious orange sauce.I was disappointed. Prices had gone up, portions had got a bit smaller, and how annoying are they with the strict limitations of "one bottle per table"? Ugh, I do not want to share my orange sauce with 4 other people at the table. If people want to steal your sauce, it WILL happen. They will get their greasy fingers on it.  Furthermore, the service of the staff has gone down. They USED to be so friendly and so attentive to your needs. The orange sauce is still addictive, but I don't think I will be returning as frequently as I did before... maybe when the craze dies (have you seen the crowd here on a weekday? CHAOS). Hm, to be honest, I'm not sure of how the food tastes like anymore, I just drown my little quesadilla in the orange sauce. I'm sort of afraid to discover how it would really taste like WITHOUT the sauce. Sorry La Vic's, all you have left is your precious orange sauce.Friend: "No, La Vic's has great mexican food"Me: "Have you ever tried their food without the sauce"Friend: "You're funny, why in the hell would you ever do that?"+1 Sauce+1 24/7+1 Great Location for the Drunk Munchies+1 Food's par qualityBecause the food is medicore at best without their orange aioli sauce.  Definitely seems like some sort of aioli base with a good amount of pepperage, but I digress.  My review is to tell you about La Vic's, and it's a great place to be an SJSU staple, as well as cater to all of the inebriated kids/adults/dumbasses wondering around downtown.  I've tried both their quesadilla and burritos without sauce before, and I highly recommend you don't if you've had a lick of good mexican food before.  Regardless, whatever tortilla/meat concoction you decide to order for 5 dollars slathered in a bunch of sauce = good foodThis place is really hit or miss food wise. If its a good day its 5 stars, but if not then 3. The reason why everyone goes is the orange sauce, and everyone knows that. For that alone I'll give it 4 stars. What would be dreamlike is getting a veggie burrito from Cancun in SF and topping it with orange sauce. OH_GAS_MIC!Orange sauce for the win!  (It may have some ingredients as McDonalds nuggets but who cares:)Delicious. ..I stopped off here after a Sharks win because a victory burrito sounded pretty darn good.  The place was packed and I waited for nearly half an hour for two burritos to-go, but upon tasting the food was sorely disappointed by the wait time. The burritos were gross. I got a bean and rice, which didn't taste like anything, and my bf got the chili relleno burrito which was unbelievably spicy but he still managed to power through, but which made him sick later. :( The salsa was equally spicy, and the orange sauce (mayonnaise with taco seasoning?) was spicy. The ingredients seemed cheap and you could tell nothing was fresh. Even the chips were those nasty little stale round ones you normally get with cheesy nacho sauce. Long story short, I felt like it was too long to wait and too much to pay for what I got.Food is nothing special. Kind of greasy, typical refried beans, shredded iceburg lettuce... nothing to write home about. But that orange sauce... man. I don't know what's in it, but I would put that on everything. Probably just going to buy the orange sauce and take it home to put on good Mexican food.Burrito is not to bad, but I usually come here for the sauce. But then again, anything tastes good when you're drunk.Their sauce is the only thing banging here. Which I think is only ranch and hot sauce....this place is so good because there is nothing like a burrito when you're drunk at 1am. But the burritos are filled with so much beans and so little meat. the orchata is watered down. the tacos are dry. just really bad mexican food with bangin' sauce.i talk all this shit, and yet have found myself drunk, stumbling to this place many of times. also, when you wake up dehydrated and hung over, be sure to air your sheets out with your feet to get all that night time farting smell out before you get a big whiff and run to the bathroom to spew out your 5 dollar burrito.My usual order: super quesadilla carne asada and horchata.  Though it's the ony thing I order, it is never consistent.  Sometimes it's really good, sometimes it's ok, sometimes it's bleh.  It's that sauce, man.  The infamous Orange Sauce!  Very addicting. I would only give La Vics 2 stars, but because of this Orange Sauce, it deserves an extra star.While Iguana's was closed during my freshman year, a lot of my friends were talking about this place.  It was known for the orange sauce and ever since that first visit, I went here every week to get my hands on some orange sauce.Now lets talk about the burrito.  The burrito is nothing special.  You don't get the choice of beans, the meat is very bland and the burrito itself is very dry.  I haven't been in there for a long time, but I think you still have to pay for refills.  Ever since I found more glorious mexican restaurants, La Vics cannot compare to the hundreds in San Jose.  I only give this place one star because of the orange sauce.I read my old review on this place...and wondered what the heck was wrong with me. I must've been having a bad day or something because the food here isn't as bad as what I wrote in that review! SHAME ON ME!Anyway, friends, I LOVE the orange sauce here. There is nothing that can compare to this. It literally makes ANYTHING delicious (anything you eat with ketchup can EASILY be eaten with this)! Now, I'm not saying you should use it with cake or something (which I'll do later, I'll tell you how it is). However, it does make the food here amazingly delicious. And the food itself ain't half bad either (so please ignore my last review). My favorite item to get here is the Carnitas Supreme Quesadilla!Succulent, juicy, tender pork meat inside a crispy flour tortilla. Oh man, it makes my stomach growl just thinking about it. *drool*. And just thinking about the ORANGE SAUCE makes me *drool*. Whoops, drooled on the school keyboard...Conclusion: When you are in San Jose and visiting a friend at the University (or you just wanna eat here because you want to), then honestly, order anything. Just be sure to ask for the ORANGE SAUCE (yes, it deserves to be capitalized). Sidenote: Sometimes my friends want to eat at Iguana's. So we do, but I make sure to buy a $6 bottle of the ORANGE SAUCE. That's right, friends, they sell it by the bottle. Yum. And again...I apologize for the lame Dan Mascardo from two years ago who didn't like it here. I will be sure to punish him severely for his blasphemy. Luckily, the Dan Mascardo NOW (that's me) is super cool and knows how to appreciate food these days.I might get loads of flames for this, but La Vics suck.Trust, I'm not rating one star based on a trip I went once.. I've been there a handful of times, and it has disappointed me every freaking time! It didn't fulfill my drunchie (drunk + munchie) needs, nor it satisfied my hunger (everything seems acceptable when you're starving, but apparently not). The only specialty here is the sauce. So before I rant about it more, I'll take myself to somewhere consistent-- Taco Bell with a side of La Vic's sauce! Perfect combo!I don't know what else I can say without repeating what has already been said. What I can say, is other reasons why you might or might not want to come to La Victoria Taqueria on San Carlos.At any time of the day, if you go to LaVics, you are for sure going to see someone you know. This can be a good thing of a bad thing. After the club, you can stumble to LaVics and see people you know and then continue the party back at your apartment. This has happened several times. You can also use this spot as a meet up place in case anyone gets lost. This too has happened many times after going to the bar. It's just such a familiar place.Another advantage of its familiarity, is that LaVics can always be the "plan b" place to eat. Everone knows and loves LaVics. Can't think of where to eat? LaVics. What is open right now? LaVics. Wanna grab something quick before the party? LaVics.This place almosts defines my college diet, especially during my earlier years. During my first few months SJSU, I swear I would bleed orange sauce out of my nose. What is funny though is the Orange Sauce security. That guy feels up your brown bag to check if you stole any bottles of sauce. It is the mose amusing thing when you see him actually catch someone."Hold on playa playa... you gots ta leave that here!"And also right when your done eating, or appear that you have already finished up your meal, one of the ladies comes by, swoops up the orange sauce, and secures it back at the counter. Anyway, I don't need to really persuade anyone to go to LaVics because if you live near downtown or are a SJSU student, you wouldn't be able to avoid it anyway.La Vics ORANGE SAUCE is the freebase form of cocaine that can be ingested; it is the most addictive form of taco, quesadilla, burrito, and nacho sauce. What else can I write about this place....PARKING:Someplace where you hope you can park your car overnight....real talk.SERVICE:Always a productive staff on duty all the times I've been there. Not to mention the security guard there making sure nobody steals the "stuff'.FOOD:EVERYTHING is good there after you tumble out of the club/bar. Seriously, don't be shy to try. I usually do the SUPER NACHOS #hitAMBIANCE:Hold your ground and prepare for the nightly brawls and the people who flee the scene with the ORANGE SAUCE. Bottom line great place to stuff your face and sober up after a night of ethanol consumption. BEWARE....if you purchased a bottle of ORANGE SAUCE and you are putting it on everything like me, you got issues too....I heard La Vic's was one of the hottest spots to go to when you're in San Jose.     Since we were lounging at an apartment next to San Jose State, we figured we could just order to go.   I was excited to try their food.     The Super burrito w/ steak looked and almost tastes awesome.  The guacamole was oozing out when I unwrapped the foil.  Gosh it looked delicious for a burrito!  I heard La Victoria is famous for its 'special sauce', so I asked em to get extra just in case it really did taste as great as I thought.  The super burrito filled me up, and that orange sauce tasted, alright.  By the time I got to the bottom of the burrito, I was stuffing it into my mouth.  mmm full.      This is not the reason I'm giving La Victoria three stars.  I guess its because, my stomach could not par up to it.  Too much SPICY??  I never had a problem with things being too spicy!  As I sat in class the next morning, No, I did not have diarrhea.  My stomach started to feel discomfort.  A minute or two later, my entire stomach felt like it was burning up and there was something eating away at my stomach!   It was like a porcupine was poking its way through.  As class ended, I could not walk because my stomach hurt too much.  It was a pain I never felt before.  I stuck around school but called it a day, thinking this pain would come back again.  Luckily, I am okay now, I don't know what it was, and no, I did not need to poo.When I went to San Jose State, La Vic's was something I ate at least one or twice a week. The great thing about this place is it is located only one block from campus. So, after a late night of studying (Ok, let's be real...playing video games and hanging out), a nice steak burrito with the INFAMOUS ORANGE SAUCE sure hit the spot.Honestly, the burritos here are unspectacular and nothing to brag about. But, the ORANGE SAUCE puts it over the top. I bought a couple of my friends a bottle of orange sauce for Christmas and they thought it was the best gift ever. I have tried their SUPER NACHOS there too, which were better than the burritos in my opinion. However, I have only gotten the beef/steak there. I have heard of people getting chicken and not having pleasant experiences with it.The places gets pretty crowded, as it caters to both the students at SJSU and the downtown area. It usually is better getting it to go, although you typically have to wait 15 minutes for your burrito when it's busy. Also, maybe it was because I was a poor college student and anything but my own cooking tasted great, but the orange sauce's quality doesn't seem to be as great any more. It just doesn't seem to have the same kick to it. But, it still is decent and definitely does make the burrito more tasty, nonetheless.Best burrito in San Jose.The food's amazing, I've never had to wait longer than it takes for the food to cook.  never had trouble parking or walking to either location, and I bring home the Orange sauce to eat with just about everything.on top of this it's dirt cheap, I'm actually surprised people are so unimpressed.This place is pretty decent. Their carne asada quesadilla is the best on the menu. If you're looking for a good burrito, Walk around the corner to Iguanas!As for the orange sauce, it just tastes like the boiling crab butter and garlic sauce.I go here for the orange sauce and quesadillaThe quesadillas that are served here are ridiculously huge. It dwarfs the length of my 50lb dog. Goodness where the heck do they get these tortillas?  It has to be home made. As for the quality and flavor of the meat is okay, Seeing that I come from SoCal, it is very hard to impress me with Mexican food up here. Every time I am driving back home, I start to think "why didn't I buy a bottle of orange sauce from La Vics?" Yes, I am a fan. Would I be back?If La Vic's orange sauce next time I am up there then I will be thereFatty greasy goodness. This is not  a good place for a diet or for anyone who feels the need to calorie-count. This is a good place for comfort food and post-club munchies. More likely than not you won't be able to finish your meal--so much cheese, such big portions. The orange sauce is out of this world--put it on everything. It tastes so  fresh and so spicy.for burritos, this place has got the best funkin hot sauce.If a burrito place were to have crappy burritos and good sauce, then eh..if a burrito place had good burritos and not-so-great hot sauce, ehhhh...But if a burrito place were to have mexi-great burritos and vegas summer hot sauce, then jackpot! you found a good burrito house!You can buy their sauce from them.. its not that much.  i wish they sold it at costco!  so come here and order yourself a giant burrito and a bottle of hot sauce to wash it down with.All day, every damn day.I have to have La Vics at least once a week or else I'll go crazy. I'm not hyping up the orange sauce either like some SJSU students originally from Southern California. Ouch!Anyways, super flour carne asada quesadillas or bust. I just really wish the horchata was made with a little more love. A cup of ice water will always do me good though.Much love to the whole staff for putting up with ignorant people. I'm half black and I'm not even that much of a fool at this place. Get smashed and eat your food, simple as that. No one needs a loud ass, toe up, attention loving South Bay breeze ruining their stay.Really though, keep the place weird and creepy as usual. The only taqueria in San Jose where you'll have a show in front of you before you even get your food.This is the only la vic's place I dislike after going to a different la vic's. La vicz is a great place to go to after the club or wherever, but it gets really pack at night.I remember this place use to be delicious, but I don't know what happen to it.  They started getting greedy and start charging for refill and the Orange sauce. Before then they didn't care.  Without the Orange sauce I can taste how over cooked and dry my meat was and at times it taste the cleaning stuff in it too.The place either smells like sewer or cleaning stuff.A group of 8 of us visited this place yesterday...we all got the  hebejebes when we got our food!! It smelled like old meat and tortillas.  Ugh! We were so f'n hungry we didn't say anything to each other so we wouldn't spoil our appetites...come bed time and all went to hell! Let's just say I'm glad the kids had Mcdonalds and not food from this place otherwise it would of been a house with 8+4 sicklings!!We had asada tacos and burritos - gross! And quesadillas and pastor tacos-- double  gross and greasy!They get one star because the "guacamole" green sauce was ok.Nice spot to hit up on a late night...the sauce is legendary...just ask about itHoly drunk burrito this is good!Cheap and very delicious after a night of drinking in San Jose. Yes, I go to San Jose. Pathetic as that is singlebarrel is close by and quite amazing. After drinks I've got the munchies and this suits perfectly.Get the orange sauce and enjoy.This place is pretty good. When I'm craving Mexican mood, this place puts my cravings to sleep. The orange sauce is soooo goood! Must drench EVERYTHING in it! I enjoy getting the carne asada burrito and/or a carne asada enchilada. Those are bomb. My friend got the nachos once, and those were pretty good too. The flavorings and sauces here are crackalackin'. And the portion sizes are huuuuuuge. Typically, it takes me about 30 minutes + just to finish the entire thing. I've tried better Mexican joints though, and the service here isn't the best.. I always feel like they're rushing me. And whenever I ask for condiments, I feel like they're mugging me with a look that says "I have a line of people to serve. Back off!" I understand that.... but.... I can't eat your food without the sauce. Sorrrrry... ^__^VIm surprised Ive never reviewed this place. Ive been here plenty of times I swear i must have reviewed it before. Anyways, the place is overrated. Yes its good, but not the best in the world and people rave about the orange sauce like its sent from god. Its good I'm not gonna lie but just be mindful that it shouldn't live up to all the hype it gets. Ive had the super nachos and quesadilas here and both are good. The quesadilas are dank and its cheap and they give you a good portion. Drenched in orange sauce and your good to go. The super nachos are worth every penny.They do get soggy if you don't finish them and you probably won't cause its so much. The place is pretty small and thankfully there is an upstairs but it does get packed during certain hours and the line can be a hassle. Would suck to be eating downstairs with all these people in your face. Like I said before its overrated but doesn't mean that its not good cause it is.I would give this taqueria a 0 out of 5 stars it were possible.I have been to this place quite often since I learned about it two years ago. I really like the quesadillas and nacho fries. I used to like going here but after the experience I had yesterday, I am never going to this taqueria again. In the past month they have messed up on my order three times. The first couple of times, I got quesadillas to go so I didn't know they messed up until I got home. Yesterday my boyfriend and I went to get nacho fries. My boyfriend already hates this place because of the horrible service and rude employees. I was really craving the nacho fries so we went and ordered. We go our order when it was called but when we opened the box it was just nachos. We told the person working that we paid for nacho fries but they didn't care. The lady straight up said "I'm not going to fix it." She took the nachos and just placed it on the counter and she didn't even give it back to us. My boyfriend had to wait until she helped more customers before she gave us back our messed up order. Are you serious?! What kind of service is that. I work in food service and if you mess up on a person's order, you better fix it. I am never coming back to this taqueria again. In need of a new place to get nacho fries now.If I could bathe in your orange sauce and drink it for water I would. Thank you for existing.Its great if its 2 a.m. That being said, I got the same satisfaction from 7-11 burritos of just bean and cheese. Orange sauce is not that great and shouldn't decide wither or not I go get a burro. I think even pot heads have better taste. I would rather go to Taco Bell. And if I hear another mother fucker tell me that La Vics is Bomb, they better be referring to a female and her lady parts and not the shit burrito that only taste good after 4 long islands.  Seacrest...and  I'm out!Good food. Slightly dated interior decorations... But it's all about the food, right?Okay, I take it back! This place is good!!! I just didn't know what to order!chicken flour quesadilla with orange sauce! Hell yeah!I dream of that special orange sauce and it's buttery goodness!  La Vic's can you open a spot in the East Bay?  I'd be there weekly!I was introduced to La Vic many moons ago by friends who went to SJ State.  It's a local favorite and open late night for all those good students burning the midnight oil....or just out partying haha.so OVERRATED.  ...smells like grease and if you let the orange sauce sit overnight, u can see it float on top.  Frosh year, i must admit i loved this place, possibly bc my lack of knowledge of GOOD Mex. food.  the quesadillas, tacos, and artificial cheese covered nachos were actually decent or good (but i still wish they used real cheese!).  the burritos on the other hand where quality varies: sometimes average size, one time so scrawny i vowed never to order burrito again.  But i must admit, the burritos had good flavor.  Just when they  reopened, i gave the burrito another chance...and what kind of meat was that seemed like stewed beef...not traditional cut of meat for carne asada.  negatives:1. unfriendly service2. overcrowded3. very oily Mex. food (must be where came up of idea where comes out wrong next day)4. made my tummy hurt a couple times after consuming5. overpriced (prices increased once they reopened few mo. ago)6. inconsistent food qualityPositives:1. quesadillas/nachos were good2. orange sauce tasty concoctionLesson learned: you're in SJ.  there are plenty of options besides la vics to choose from that taste better.  If it's a late night, go elsewhere.Basically, you got the same thing as the La Vics on Santa Clara. The late night drunkards horde this place craving the orange sauce. However, there was this rude as security guard there...Right, a security guard @ a Mexican joint, what gives? Anyhoo, my friends got here before the drunkard rush around 12am. Got our food, sat down, and ate. The security guard decides he wants to clean off our table so he can make room for other folks. WTH, we'll clean off our own plates, stop rushing me to finish you fat bastard!And I was ober disappointed by their Chorizo burrito. Manno, I wish La Taqueria on 1st St. stayed open late. =(Next time, it's La Vics on Santa Clara St.Although burritos may lack flavor here, their sauce certainly does make up for it.  Quesadillas? Eh..I prefer Iguanas. BUT iguanas sauce is blech. It's like a smokey chipotle taste while La vic's on the otherhand, has a perfect combo of creamy spiciness to it.  Iguanas quesadilla plus la vic's sauce?? Yummm.Beware: Late night trips here may cause you trauma. Haha, just kidding. Theres just a bunch of drunks and stoners...if you classify that as scary...then yes, come prepared.I occasionally go here to break up my normal burrito routine, but it's nothing to write home about. The chicken is ALWAYS bad, and I don't eat other meats so veggie is my only other option. The first time we went, the chicken was OOOZING with rosemary.... WHAT? Rosemary? Yes, rosemary... I'll never forgive them for that crappy burrito. The other 10 times I went, the chicken was overcooked and rubbery. I've got the veggie too, but it was really plain and not-so-good. My husband has gotten the quesadilla which he says is better than the burrito, and I've gotten the nachos which are absolutely disgusting. However, why do I keep going here? The orange sauce. It makes it worth it, but the fact that the food sucks every time is not really enough to keep bringing me back lately.It's their orange sauce that makes all the difference!I always get their burritos with Carne Asada, however I've taken bites out of my friend's quesadillas and other types of burritos and they are also super delicious.My brother and I conclude that this place is way better than Chipotle.I remember all my friends talking about this place, but I just overlooked it as "just another mexican burrito place." However, after work on evening, my co-workers and I decided to stop by here to grab something quick and yummy to eat.Then moment I drizzled my burrito with the Orange Sauce and took a gigantic bite, I was in love.The food is ok.. not the greatest, but the Orange sauce is what this local joint is known for.  It's a favorite to San Jose State students and late night drunken munchies after a night in downtown San Jose.A super burrito is pretty big and is plenty of food.  The quesadilla is probably one of my favorites, as the burrito can get tiresome towards the end.  The soft taco is pretty tasty too if you want a little bit more than just the quesdilla.  Definitely get the carne asada, as the chicken is a bit dry.The sausage breakfast burrito is good and will get you going for the rest of the day (not too much, not too little).If this is your first time here, try your food without the sauce, then apply some orange sauce.  YOU WILL SEE THE MAGIC BEHIND THAT ORANGE SAUCE!!They get -1 star because I've had better mexican food in so cal.  But the trick is, buy a bottle of their orange sauce ($6) and eat it with some better mexican food.The place does get crowded at lunch during the school year and at night time during the weekends, so plan accordingly.There must be some cocaine in that orange sauce though, cause it keeps me coming back.What is all the rave about this place? It's average at best, and I thought the burrito was the most boring burrito I've ever had in my life. Their orange sauce was unique, I wouldn't call it Mexican, but it did help add some flavor to the burrito but that meant adding more and more to it.I had the pollo regular burrito, so it just came with chicken, beans, and rice. If you want a quick fix that won't hurt your wallet, then I guess this place is OK, it is cheap I must admit, and also clean and super fast considering the long lines they get, but I don't think I'll be coming here again honestly.I got to give this place 4 stars. I would give 5 stars but the burrito's aren't that great... ITS THE SAUCE PEOPLE... THE F'N SAUCE IS THE BEST!!! Iguana's burrito is much much better but they don't have a sauce thats in comparable to anything near La Vic's ORANGE SAUCE...nonetheless.. i would buy a bunch of La Vic's Orange Sauce and go to Iguana's and have a killer burrito!Food - Slightly better at La Vic'sOrange Sauce - Slightly better at Iguanas (I think it might be spicier too)I'm not sure if La Vic's and Iguanas has separate fan bases but I would rate both of them on very similar planes.  I'm giving them both 3 stars and I still stand by the fact that I don't think their food would survive without the orange sauce!!  But still, it's definitely the sauce that separates them from any other taqueria.  I got a Super Burrito ($5.95) with carne asada and this is jam packed with beans, rice, guacamole, salsa, and sour cream.  Of course I only ate 2/3 of it but I saved 1/3 for later.  And even after sitting in my car for 4 hours in the blistering heat, my stomach was fine!  A bunch of us came in at noon on a Friday and it was packed!!  There was a long line that got close to (but not quite yet) the door but still, it went fast and the food came out even faster.  Next time I will get the chorizo like people recommend.Definitely a place I will visit again when I'm in downtown San Jose.  I had a chicken burrito which was huge.  They gave me some orange sauce on the side and it was delicious.  Now I know why  people buy this orange sauce by the bottle.  It's a small room so if the place is busy then you should plan on taking your food to go.This place pretty much exists only to satisfy my drunken buuuurrrriitoooooooo cravings. I came here sober once. It was disappointing and I concluded that the orange sauce must just really complement alcohol. Over all, this is a nice spot to have so close to the bars. We can stumble here, get our fix, and head on back to the burbs. The big negatives are:1) climbing those damn tricky stairs inebriated 2) the psycho bouncer that hates life (yea people can be a little rowdy but I've never seen any real trouble that would warrant shoving and screaming from a little man in a black security shirt. Nearby Iguana's has the same crowd and their employees are SUPER nice)3) the ridiculously long line after 1:30 That said, I've never successfully eaten a whole burrito. I either pass out forehead-to-table after one bite or I start to just not feel great and have to run outside. It's a damn shame b/c every time we head downtown, I dream of a La Vic's burrito as I'm putting on my eyeliner and blush.Simply the most popular Mexican place for SJSU students and the surrounding downtown area.  Most everybody loves this place and the food items are all pretty tasty.  And of course their signature orange sauce has something to do with it.Strangely enough, I didn't go here too often while going to SJSU, but I definitely tried their food enough to know that it is quality stuff.  There is almost always a line at this place during lunch and dinner/late night.  And have been here during both occasions.  The super burrito and super quesadilla are probably my favorites... can't go wrong with these.I have never been able to figure out why people like this place so much. When I moved to SJ and started coming to SJSU that was one of the first places people recommended. I didn't really try this place, until a few years ago and I remember not being impressed; I went back a few weeks ago and I still don't understand what people are so impressed with. La Vics as people call it, has a variety of things; burritos, tacos, tostadas, tortas enchiladas and everything else a taqueria has. The prices are good, everything is in-fact pretty affordable, which is maybe why people like it so much. This last time I went I ordered a chicken torta. Nothing too exciting just chicken and the regular veggies. Personally the chicken was tastless but they were generous. The orange sauce... ??? I think I may be missing something here. Other than that thay are open until 3Am and the place does get packed around 1:30Am- all the clubbers head here. So definitely good place to satisfy the spicy craving after a night of dancing and drinking.Had arrived in town this morning for SES San Jose and within my first 12 minutes I headed over to La Victoria to mow down some tacos - Chorizo is hands down my favorite, but I've tried most of the other meats and am never disappointed. Orange Sauce it up....This is hands-down one of the best parts of SESSJ - 3 blocks from the Marriott - open till all hours, cheap and good. In SES terms, It's the equivalent of the street meat stand outside the Hilton in NYC, but better.The guys love coming here for late night munchies, especially for La Vic's quesadillas. I will have to admit, and put my biased preference for Iguana's to the side, that the quesadillas here are very good. They deep fry the tortilla and load it up with sour cream and meat and goes very well with their famous orange sauce, which is a lot creamier than Iguana's hot sauce, which has more of a chipotle flavor.This is probably my 3-4th time here in the past year or so and I have been able to smuggle in my Iguana's nacho fries in each and every time and eat it in their establishment since the guys crave the quesadilla and I'm more of a nacho fries girl myself. Score. I was here this past Friday around midnight, just in time to beat the crowd, and find a table. The security guys are a little rude, but you have to understand they are working and a bunch of drunken idiots come in and make fools of themselves so, of course it would be hell of annoying. The only other thing is that they are CHAIR NAZIS'! You can not move ANY of the chairs around it seems or in certain areas because of a "fire hazard," BUT you can have 5 chairs at one table with 10 ppl at that one table, one on top of the other, and that's ok. Wierd. That also sounds like a fire hazard, but hey! There's only 5 chairs at that table just like it was meant to be...So if you are patient or in dire need of your La Vic's fix with orange sauce drenched over your food, come here. Just don't try to steal their orange sauce because those guys are QUICK! These bottles of orange yumminess are available for sale for $6, which will last a while if you use it wisely. And nothing lasts forever, they DO go bad like everything else in your fridge. Common sense ppl.Overall, 3.5 stars.I started my college journey at SJSU in 2002. I believe it was around 2001 that the great "Orange Sauce Hype" started because when I first went to La Victoria as a freshman in college, it was just starting to gain ground.La Vic, you used to be my daily lunch or dinner. I used the orange sauce liberally like gravy... like smothered and covered biscuits and gravy. I was literally drinking the stuff (which at the age of 18, who really cared back then).Fast forward to present, the flaws of La Victoria are readily more visible to me.The orange sauce definitely has changed. I don't think it tasted as good as it did 7 years ago.The burritos have always had rather dry meat and a little stale rice, but the orange sauce made up for the flaws. I used to go to Igauna's and smuggle in a bottle of orange sauce to use it there.I'm torn between 2 and 3 stars. I guess +1 for nostalgia's sake =(Yeah, yeah, I've heard it all.  Only good for drunk college kids out late on the town.  Oily food, greasy, fatty meat, blah blah blah.Lies.Value-wise, this place is great.  It's inexpensive (especially for the area).  Service is quite quick, too.  In the afternoons, it's also kid-friendly.  Metered parking is ample, if you know which side streets to hit.  At night, I will say this area can get sketchy (yes, you, McDonald's parking lot).Now, on to the food.  I've consistently found the meat to be decent quality (chicken is all white-meat breast, for example), and the offerings to be well-crafted.  I've always had a good meat-to-fillings ratio in my burrito.  Now, granted I'm usually in and out either in the afternoon for lunch or between 10 and 11pm, and there may be some padding of the burrito with carbs as the night draws on.  I do object to the use of pinto beans only - would love some black beans instead - but that's not standard in their burritos.  Their quac is so-so (a bit runny).  And they charge for chips, which is annoying.Quesedillas are fine, with a good, crisp exterior and cheese oozing out from the center.Look, you get what you pay for.  And as far as I'm concerned, La Vic is a low-budget winner.I have a love-hate relationship with this place.Their food is very inconsistent.  Sometimes it SUCKS, and sometimes it doesnt.  I've ordered a carnitas quesidilla and my meat was so burned that it was crunchy.What I do like about this place is that it is always open, especially late at night.  I was originally going to taqueria loreanas but at 2am on martin luther king day, it was closed.  Therefore, we drove to la vics, although the food isn't consistent, the opening hours are!I had a very yummy lengua taco.. and of course, must mention the ORANGE SAUCE, because without that, la vics would receive 2 stars!I could live off orange sauce, but after covering my food with it, I realized that I had probably just doubled my caloric intake for the night :(There are 2 Rules of La Vic's.Rule #1 Orange sauce - Best mexican sauce everRule #2 Use it - even on all your mexican food not from hereIf I didn't already mention this, the orange sauce is the staple of the place. The food is average to decent and would get 3 stars, but the sauce pushes this place to a 4. I actually buy bottles of their orange sauce ($6/bottle) and use it on all other food I bring home. I really love the enchiladas here (carne asada being the meat of choice) since they don't drown it in enchilada sauce. It's just cheese, tortilla, and meat or cheese again. Their carne asada is pretty good, the rest of the meat selection though IMO is just average. That includes carnitas, chicken, al pastor, chorizo, lingua, etc.As for drinks, they have pretty good watermelon/strawberry/strawberry-mango/jamaica frescas. The horchata here though has too much cinnamon for my taste.Another plus about this place is that it's open til 3 am (used to be 2 am, then they petitioned the city to allow them to stay open an hour later to accommodate all the clubbing crowd). The bad thing about that is you have to deal with a super long line if you get there after 1 am, and have to deal with a bunch of inebriated people.Another thing I found out recently is that they pulled a page out of Igauna's menu and now serve nacho fries (not as good as Iggy's, but at least it's now an option).Ratings below are based out of 5.3.0 - Food5.0 - Sauce3.0 - Ambiance (lower if you go in the wee hours of the night and you're claustrophobic)3.5 - PriceI'll keep it short and sweet. The food itself is average, but the orange sauce takes it to a whole 'nother level! Chicken burrito = 3 starsChicken burrito + orange sauce= 5 starsInexpensive, casual place that's great for SJSU students :)Do you like quesadillas? I do. If you like cheese quesadillas, they are delish here. The meat quesadillas are good as well, but not as exciting as ordinary cheese quesadilla. EAT IT WHILE IT'S HOT! The cheese stretches when you pull apart the quesadillas. OH YUMMM, like those grilled cheese commercials. The cheese quesadilla is 2.50, which is decent even though it is just tortilla and cheese. Dip it in orange sauce and you are good to go. Their guacamole is not worth the extra pay, and since I am at LA VICS, orange sauce does the job. (I do LOVE avocado though, so if I can opt out on the guac, you can too =)  The salsa is not that great, but it is complimentary if you want to try it out. The other items on the menu are average in my opinion. The obvious attractions to La Victoria are the late night hours and of course the orange sauce. I took a shot of orange sauce, 2x in the past. WHY? FOR FUN. It was not nasty, but THINKING about what I had just drank made it quite grotesque. By the way, if you get quesadilla with meat, it WILL drip. At least with chicken quesadilla, I always end up with a puddle of ...juice. Then I drink it. Jk.One thing that keeps bring me back to this place for the past 9 year is their ORANGE sauce!!!Their food here is not that great. I have ordered the carne asada burrito several times, and it has always been disappointing, but at least their sauce makes up for it. I finally tried the carne asada quesadilla (without salsa), and it was delicious!! way better than the burrito. If it weren't for their orange sauce, I probably won't frequent as much.3 Stars for average Mexican food. +1 Star for Tasty Orange sauce-1  Star for bad service (the waitress took my orange sauce before I was done eating, very rude)Over all the food is ok, but the thing that makes this place great is the orange sauce. The burritos are big, The Nachos are tasty but a little small.  The only reason I'd go back here again is because of the sauces, but once I figure out how to make it then there's no need to go to San Jose for their food. Overall 3 stars.I really liked La Vic's when I first had it. It's perfect for after a night of clubbing (or say... the Taylor Swift concert). The chicken quesadilla I had was pretty good (a little watery though), and I took the advice of my friend and drowned it in orange sauce. Looking back, I probably should've shared one instead of eating the giant quesadilla by myself. I went home happy and satisfied, but spent the rest of the night feeling dehydrated. If I wasn't so thirsty, I probably would've given this place four stars.This place gets soooo crowded and it's so small. Why is it crowded? Because everyone raves about their orange sauce! Yes, the orange sauce is good... I think their food sucks without their orange sauce. But they have orange sauce so it's good. Yummmm perfect place for late night munchies if you have the patience to wait in the super long line that snakes around inside on a Friday or Saturday late night. This place tastes better at night... because that's when the LA VIC'S cravings come in!!OMG I can't believe I haven't updated my review. Lots of things have changed since 3 years, including my taste buds. La Vic's has sub par burritos. Only come here if you like the orange sauce, which is good every once a year if you want something different. If you're drunk, this might taste as good as a fillet mignon. I mean it's open late.I've been to La Vic's a handful of times, but usually only late at night after a night out in downtown San Jose. The most recent time, however, I went for a late lunch/early dinner with my boyfriend. I usually order a burrito of some sort with carnitas (my favorite burrito meat!). I enjoy La Vic's because it's cheap and fast. OH and the orange sauce is bomb.-L.Over the years, La Victoria (or La Vics, as it is affectionately known by its San Jose State fanatics) has lost some of its original legendary allure, and been called overrated by many. But I stand by their excellent orange sauce, charming Victorian-era digs, and late hours. The line is never too long and is always buzzing with young, interesting people. And I have never encountered a problem finding seating either, but if you do, just make sure to grab a bottle of orange sauce and sit out on the porch. Legend has it that the sauce is just mayo, chorizo fat, and hot sauce, which would explain why it tastes so good, but packs 1000s of calories per bottle. Service is fast and friendly (yes, including the questionably necessary bouncer). Go for one of the burritos to get the full experience - I always get the asada. No better place for late-night Mexican munchies.awesome place to get grub after drinking/clubbing. Though Ive only tried their burritos and Super nachos, I can say hands down it will stuff you full. Maybe im being baised since whenver i go here im super hungry lol.Only complaint is how small the place is, but the orders go fast so i dont dock them any stars.ORANGE SAUCE!!! My burrito was nothing special. I'm sure any other taqueria could have produced the same burrito. However, their secret special orange sauce topped it off perfectly. And by topped it off, I mean layering and drenching that burrito so that sauce got into every crevice. I also loved how the sauce seemed to get spicier the further I got into it. We also tried the strawberry agua fresca, which was really really good. They warned us that there were mango bits, which was absolutely fine by my because I love mango. Worth trying, but $6 for a bottle of the sauce to go? That's steep!I came here on a Friday around 7:30 pm and there was no line.Three tacos came out to around $8, and they were really big. I probably would've been satisfied with just one.  I don't like rice and beans in my tacos, but I mean, slather on that orange sauce on ANYTHING and it makes it the best damn thing you've ever eaten.Also, be careful with that sauce. I dropped a little of it on my shirt and immediately wiped it off.  I saw that it was still greasy, so I dabbed water on it and blotted.  Then I went home and hand-washed the area. When it dried there was still grease. I hand-washed it again, threw it in my suitcase and washed it in the washing machine when I finally got to my own apartment.  Still stained. I literally wiped the sauce off one second after it landed on my shirt.I know everyone loves this place but I'm not that huge of a fan. Don't get me wrong, it's definitely OKAY, but not to die for. I'm one of the few people who aren't really a fan of their famous sauce. I actually like their green sauce more because it's spicy. What makes this place popular is the fact that it's in downtown San Jose and it's open late, which is perfect for club nights. I have gone here4 a few times with friends, but nothing crazy in my opinion. And nowadays more places are creating that orange sauce people love so much, so it's not as unique.I'm not down for extra charge on soda refills!! When I'm out with friends, I don't mind going here because it's convenient, not because it's my first choice.I came here today because I was craving some orange sauce. I ordered the carne asada burrito and I ate there so I got to use the bottle instead of those dinky to-go cups of orange sauce. Today's visit was more satisfactory than my last visits, which consisted of a loosely wrapped burrito "stuffed" with more beans to meat and stingy workers. Well, they're still stingy, but the one during my last visit wouldn't allow my table (we were a party of five or so) to have two bottles of orange sauce at a time! That might sound fair and all, but the lady was so rude because she just up and snatched the second bottle in front of our faces and didn't even provide an explanation. Boo to that! Also, I got the horchata one time. It may be just me and my preference for sweet things, but this horchata had a weird taste and was not what I expected at all. Not cinnamon-y and not sweet. Tip: Get a friend to buy you your burrito and his own and ask for one to-go. That way, you get some orange sauce to take home for later use, and still get to eat there using the bottle. Anyway, I came here for the sauce. If you look past that, you'd have a pretty lame taqueria (to be famous for their sauce... tch!). If I had the recipe, I'd have made that and gone to Chavez Market or Jalisco's for the better burrito.I come here everytime I go to Santa Cruz. I come here with my friend because this is a must eat. Its not the food particularly that I go to eat because its just regular mexican food you get elsewhere. Its their ORANGE SAUCE that makes everything taste BOMB! like seriously. Since Im not from up north I will buy a bottle of their Orange sauce to take back with me, which is $6 a bottle.The service is ok. Sometimes they can be nice but sometimes they can be rude.I liked the other (bigger)  Vics in SJ a few years back & was expecting the same goodness from this one.I had chicken soft tacos. The chicken was moist and tender, but terribly over salted...almost inedible ((& I like my salt, so that says something))Been to La Vic plenty of times. Everyone should know their burritos are no bueno and It's all about the sauce.When I'm here I get the vege quesadilla, nice and flaky. This is one of the only few places I get vegetarian anything, mmmm meat.Came here last night for the first time, after finding that the nearby Philz was closed for the night. According to friends, La Vic's is a spot where drunk people usually come for a late-night snack, and I can see why-- pretty tasty (especially with that orange sauce) and cheap. Also cool that they are one of the few places open past 11pm in these damned suburbs.I wasn't very hungry, but my inner Yelp addict made me buy a carne asada taco ($2.25) anyway just to try it. As a girl who considers Chipotle good Mexican food, I'm probably not reigning authority when it comes to this.. but I thought it was pretty decent. Definitely could see myself stopping by often if I were in the area, and smothering that orange sauce over everythaang.On a side note, the bathroom is pretty freaking nasty. The door doesn't lock, urine on the seats, no TP.. just not pretty at all. The kind of bathroom you feel like you'd be robbed or raped in or something, eeeep.This is the place to go. Carne Asada Super Burrito. YUM!I always come here when I'm in the neighborhood or when I used to visit friends at SJSU. GREAT to fill the late night munchies too.I don't know how to describe this burrito. But it's perfect. I usually can't stand spicy stuff but you must drizzle the orange sauce before every bite.It kind of sucks that you're only allowed to put one bottle of ORANGE SAUCE per table. I often find myself fighting with friends over bottle usage with only one. I always try to sneak two on our table (minimum) but always get caught and they tell us that we're only allowed one (anal much?).Parking sucks. I once parked at the fast food restaurant next door (even though you're not allowed to... hehe) just to pick up a burrito since parking can get ridiculous especially since it's so close to campus.Food - 4 starsOrange Sauce - 5 starshow crowded it is all the time with drunks puking in the bathroom or college students - (-1 star or 2)I LOVE the wet burrito, with lots of orange sauce on it :] I'm sure everything on the menu is good with that damn sauce on it.Parking can be really tough though and if you park in the jack in the box lot next door they'll close off the lot and not let you out - LAME.Food is good, everything else sucks. Still totally worth going to and it's really nice that it's open til like 2 am every night!I came here for their breakfast.  This was the first time eating La Vic's for breakfast and my friend was really excited about it.She recommended the chorizo, but I ended up getting the bacon burrito.  Their burrito is pretty cheap $2.75 for good ingredients.  That price is till 11am, after that the price goes up 2 dollars, I believe.I really enjoyed my burrito, I just wasn't too hungry for it.The sauce that people are so obsessed with, isn't that good.  It's watery, mayo-y, and not spicy at all.  It did go well with my burrito though.I'd come back for the breakfast.  I don't know if I'd choose this place over Iguanas for lunch.ummm, I think I found my new favorite Mexican Restaurant! I had a Veggie super burrito and I was one happy girl! Also, good news for me there's one where I live!The best thing they have here is the orange sauce. It is life-changing.However, the rest of the food can be much improved upon. I like the texture of the crunchy tortilla-esque outside of the quesadilla, but the filling is not flavorful, whether I have chicken, cheese, or carne asada. My husband got the burritos and I've also had the tostadas and tacos, and they were not so great either. The food is only beloved as it is, because of the orange sauce, which I'm sure is not at all healthy but unbelievably delicious. Longer story short, just buy the sauce to go, if you form an addiction to the sauce, and eat somewhere else. Meanwhile, the prices are very cheap, the service is fast, and it's open late. However, that means that the place is usually packed and that fights break out on the sidewalks, because people after clubbing and whatever get pretty cranky when hungry. There is absolutely no parking, so park somewhere else and walk over, I wouldn't do so alone late at night, though.Two words: ORANGE SAUCE.I'm going to say something blasphemous here. When it comes to going out to eat, a taqueria is not my first choice. But the whole group was coming here, so I decided to be open minded. I'm so glad! I ordered a super flour carne asada quesedilla and it was amazing. The tortilla was toasted and oiled to a perfect consistency. The filling wasn't mindblowing, but when you add the orange sauce, MMMMMm!!!My main complaint about this place is the seating. On the lower level, there's a few tables that fill up quickly. There's an upstairs seating area, but I didn't go up there so I don't know how much seating is up there. Still, the group of 12 of us managed to snag a few tables, luckily. They seem to open very late but it's a shady area, even though its right next to San Jose State. The food was very cheap. Yum. Oh, sidenote: The "security guards"/bouncers are creepy. They will clear your table for you, but also stare at you. And have weird hair. Eep!Just the sauce. It's all about the sauce. Seriously. I used to hella jock this place but then I realized their tortillas started to taste like old water. Ugh, so gross. If it wasn't for the orange sauce I'd take away another star. It's way overrated for sure and its so cramped there's hardly any place to sit and enjoy so prepare to take out or eat on the sidewalk next to the piss stench by the dumpster next to the fence. Walk 30 seconds to Iguanas just around the corner. It's better.I tried the carne asada taco. It's a little different here, with the beans. $3 for one taco, can really fill you up. The orange sauce. I asked the lady behind the counter what it was. She says its all vegetables, no dairy or anything. It's delicious. Probably better than the taco!They should seriously just bottle that thing up and sell it!I know, I'd buy it!So being over 500 miles away from home ain't easy. I was thinking about what I miss most about my old hometown, San Jose. Of course there's always your friends and family, that a no brainer. But then there's the people, places and things that make San Jose unlike no other place on earth. What is it prey-tell? Well thats SJ's diversity, Vietnamese coffee shoes/cuisine, and yes you guessed it the orange sauce. While my palate has certainly changed through the years in favor of the more textural, smoky flavor of their friendly neighborhood rival right around the corner, "Burritos the Size of Your Head" Iguana's, La Victoria's orange sauce will always have a special place in my heart and stomach.$7.59 for Nacho Cheese Fries with Carne Asada I think it's same price as their Super Nachos. Super yummy, but I got a major food coma after.. something I've never experienced before. I think their nacho cheese fries are better than the ones at Iguana's cause the fries are bigger :)Their vegetarian quesadilla always hits the spot!Still by far the best carne asada taco ever! Yes, it's not healthy and yes, it is not even close to Chipotle, but if you really want REAL carne asada tacos, come here! I love the orange sauce, I tried to mimic it, but no luck yet. I love how the tacos are super huge and the price is well worth it. I tasted the burrito and it was awesome, although I'd never be able to finish it alone. You can order chips and salsa by the side, it's not free unfortunately, but still good and cheap! Oh yea, you can totally buy the orange sauce to go and the green sauce as well. The green is ok, not as spicy and tasty as the orange sauce. I DO wish they have fish tacos, I'd come here all the time if they did. They also have another location a few blocks away and for some reason, I still like this one more. I do love how they are open super late, so after clubbing you can walk on by!It does get pack, so try to come early! Parking is a pain because there's really isn't much around except street parking, so come early!!I always came here when I was a student at SJSU. It used to be one of my favorite places to eat. Cheap, quick, and yummy.If you havent been here yet and have read the reviews below, I'm sure you've already seen the word - ORANGE SAUCE. It's truly one of a kind and goes SO well with your food, SO WELL, that you need to squirt some in every bite haha. I don't know how to make it (if I did, I'd make it myself and sell it haha). It tastes like mayo mixed in with some spicy sauce. Just ooo-wee goodness! I love their quesadillas here. They fry it really well, just the right amount of crispiness. The food is pretty decent, but the 4 stars is mainly about the orange sauce, which makes just about everything on their menu taste good :)I came back here and for some reason, my taste buds changed!! I love their Nacho fries!! They were so good and the fries they use reminded me of McD fries. Also, the carne asada burrito I had was super delicious. The burrito isn't soft and mushy with sauce from the meat and salsa, which I liked. The meat had a grilled taste that I like. I love that you can get it on different tortillas like the spinach tortilla.The only bad thing is that when I tried the Al Pastor here, it was very spicy and the meat looked kind of mushy and ripped up. I didn't like the flavor at all.La Vics.... you made me so sad. How is that possible?It's basically almost tradition for a lot of my friends to bring down a bottle of their famous orange sauce to drizzle over just about anything. The first time I ever tried it, I'll admit, I was blown away. So, naturally, when I came back home to NorCal I wanted to try this place for its FOOD, not its sauce.After a hilarious night in Downtown San Jose (bar hopping + good friends = memories for days), I was set on dropping by. HAH, going to La Vics at 230 in the morning on a Saturday? Not the best decision.We waited for about 30-40 minutes for our burritos (we ordered 5) and I bought a bottle of orange sauce (come on, I had to). We walked back to the parking lot since the restaurant was WAY TOO CROWDED (I was literally pushed and shoved for my entire wait) and sat down to devour the burrito.I WAS SO DISAPPOINTED. The burrito was dry, beans were falling out and such little meat. The only thing that SAVED it? You guessed it: the orange sauce. Look, if you're in town and you've got drunk munchies and don't mind waiting in a ridiculous line, be my guest. Other than that? Just stop by, buy the sauce, and be on your way. La Vics, your sauce is amazing - but that's about it.Oh, and be careful. About 5 minutes after I left, someone decided to pull out a gun. Awesome.I like this place better than Iguanas and I especially love their mango strawberry agua frescas! The quesadillas are superb here and I love how their marinate the meat. I usually prefer grilled chicken but too bad they don't have it here. The place is usually packed because it's so close to campus and it also attracts hoards of people late at night for obvious reasons. The orange sauce is even better during those late night with the big kids:)Memories! I recently ended up at La Vics after a longggg time during a rare night out in downtown San Jose. The place was the same as I remembered -- a hole in the wall serving average mexican-ish food that tastes way beyond average when topped off with a glorious item called orange sauce and when eaten in the late night hours of the day.Definitely worth the $4-5 for the quantity of food you get. And yes, this is a San Jose institution. As much as you may want to knock the food, you know you love it.La Vics is one of the most popular restaurants in downtown SJ during late nights. Expect long lines with boisterous drunken young adults if you come after 1am. I'm not a big fan of their burritos but their orange sauce is pretty dam good. If you read the other reviews, everyone says the same about the sauce. It's bold, savory and it gives your burrito a kick.- Would I come back here? Most probably since it opens late nights. - Is the food good? It's decent.In short, if you're hungry, around the neighborhood and want to meet young drunken people, this place is for you.The food here is about a 2 rating.  I can't say that it's really that great to tell you the truth.  The quality just isn't there.You probably know about this spot for their orange sauce, which seems to get spicier every year. Would I recommend this place?  Not really...with so many great places to eat within a 15 mile radius, I'd say pass on this spot and go to someplace worth driving for.I'd like to start off by saying how much I love beef tongue! I can't believe it was on the menu! I got the super burrito with beef tongue and the beef tasted great! Here's why I gave this place three stars:THREE STARS: Burrito was mushy on the inside, ingredients were all blended, but at least the beef tongue didn't disappoint me!TWO STARS: The place was really tiny and didn't feel all that sanitary.FIVE STARS: The cashier was very nice as well as the person giving me my order. They were also very active with wiping and cleaning the tables down quickly.THREE STARS: Took awhile to get my food. An unfavorable 10-15 minute wait. It was worth it in the end, though.Ah, La Vics. I was first introduced to this place about 5 years ago and I craved for it so much. When I transferred to SJSU, I thought I was going to be in big trouble since it's right across the street. However, out of my 2 years at State, I've only been to La Vics twice. I always order the super carne asada quesadilla. Yum!I think I realized that it's the orange sauce that's worth the high reviews and the food is just okay. Greasy goodness (on your hands and napkins!)YUMMMMM. La Vic's has satisfied my late-night cravings for Mexican food on multiple occasions. The ambiance is not exactly one that I would call comfortable, but I've learned that the true and good taquerias will look like shacks or holes in the wall.For food, my favorite is the carne asada super burrito, and what's the only thing that can make it better? ORANGE SAUCE. It's creamy, tangy, and spicy and adds the right boost of flavor to everything. The most recent time that I went to La Vic's, they just gave us an entire squeeze bottle -- we almost used it all up. No matter what you order, slather each bite in orange sauce and I promise that you won't be disappointed. You will be in Mexican food heaven swimming in this sauce. I guarantee it.This place was yummy!  The portions were big, definitely worth the money.  I ordered the wet burrito, and couldn't finish it.  I enjoyed it very much.  My friends ordered other burritos, nachos, and fries.  The nachos and fries were good.  I loved the cheese they used on them.I don't know if it's because I haven't had a decent burrito in a very long time, but I think this place is good and worth returning to.La Vic's is a staple Mexican food in this area and always a default for mee. However, the more I eat here, the more ordinary it seems to me. The burritos here are just a-okay and aren't the best I've had ever. Portions are HUGE though! I only come to eat because of the orange sauce nowadays. It's always consistent! I'll give 4 stars just for it.BUT now that this place is really popular compared to years ago, I feel like it's overhyped as well.I think the only thing that makes this place special is their orange sauce (and the fact that this place is a house turned restaurant).  Without it, it would be another taqueria.Its pretty awesome sauce though!!  Seriously drench your burrito.The carne asada super burrito! guac and sour cream :) La Vic's was most certainly over-hyped for me, but the orange sauce is definitely something else! I have to have it with every bite. Butttt, I think I like Iguana's orange sauce more.I find it funny how after living in San Diego for 6 months, I still haven't been able to find a good burrito. I recently came back to San Jose for one week and was reunited with La Vic's, which beats anything I've had down south.If it's 2 a.m. on a Tuesday night and you've got a serious case of the munchies, this is the place to go. Nothing beats a super burrito with cow tongue smothered in orange sauce. The beans, rice, salsa, cheese, sour cream, guacamole, and meat are all fresh and prepared just how they should be. No soggy mess, no reprocessed  meat that tastes like it came out of a can. Just pure delectable burrito goodness. Some would say it's the fact that when you're drunk, anything filling and savory tastes good. However, after having a very mediocre burrito at neighboring Iguana's a couple of weeks before, I can attest to the fact that that's just not true. Sure the lines can get pretty long, but its well worth the wait. The workers here work as fast as they can, and will hook you up with anything you need. Water cups, extra salsa, to-go bags, napkins. If you need it, they got it.Cocaine? Marijuana? Shrooms? My addiction: orange sauce. I am addicted to their sauce! Every time I'm in SJ I MUST go to La Vics. I even went as far as buying 3 burritos and bringing it home for a weeks worth of lunch. I always order the Carne Asada and every time it is delicious. I recommend spending a little more for the super burrito because the regular is a little dry. Every order comes with orange sauce that is spicy and tangy. If you haven't been here, its well worth a try.I have a rotating order of:Breakfast burrito with potato + orange sauceSuper quesadilla with carne asada on flour + orange sauceSuper nachos with carne asada and extra jalapenos + orange sauceAnd sometimes I get the chile verde if I'm feeling a little adventurous.I used to make a mecca here every week back in high school but lately, haven't had the opportunity to make it out. They're open super late (around 4AM I believe) which makes it that much more attractive after getting fucked up.Yes , you have to come here for the orange sauce if nothing else. Buy a bottle and just take it home. On my last visit here, I couldn't help but wonder where the flavor was in the food. Are they serving bland mediocre food because most people rely on the orange sauce to provide the kick? I ordered two tacos - one carne asada and one chicken. I ended up drowning so much of the tacos with orange sauce I might as well just poured it in my mouth. My intention was literally to have the orange sauce with a side of taco. Oh I've realized why the food tasted so much better before. Simply because on this last visit, I was sober.Orange sauce. There's really nothing else I can say. I don't know what it is they have in that orange sauce, but my carne asada burrito was epic. I'm thinking maybe it's MSG (like all the best tasting Indonesian food back home that has so much MSG) but now I'm doubting it since...MSG is banned in America, or is it not? Whatever it is, I'm super happy that they're not stingy with the sauce - they gave us like 10 cups of the sauce. La Vic's is the ultimate drunk/high food. Sucks that they don't have a parking lot and they really should open a store in the Cupertino area because their number 1 fan lives there.Came here a few days earlier because the bubz was hungry for some nacho fries & burrito, so we came upon here besides the usual Iquanas down the street. Let's just say the food was decent and the sauce was asked upon when we got our food too.Pros:01. Open Late02. Good food, priced decently03. Security here when it gets lateCons:01. It's pretty packed on late nights and weekends.02. Not too many tables to sit down.03. Bring cash (Just in case).Overall the service was good, and food is agreeable. 3.5 Stars :]I've been meaning to write a review for this place since I was in college so I'll do this now!Even though I love this place I will openly admit the food is nothing special and the one thing that really sets this place apart is the orange sauce (which is pretty much what every review below pretty much summed up pretty well haha).Every morning I used to swing by to grab a breakfast burrito with Chorizo and Potatoes and to this day, that is the single meal I still always order whether it be breakfast or lunch when i get the chance to drop by. Aside from that, I'd say the Carne Asada quesadilla is worth a try as well. (Again: you have to drench both of these items with Orange sauce....)I remember having their famed orange sauce a few years back and it was distinctively more orange and thicker. I suppose people stealing and high demand of the sauce has got the staff to water it down some. The nice thing about this location is that its downtown and open late so you can come after some post drinking or late night clubbing/bar hopping/etc. I had the super burrito which was just okay and the superquesadilla which was really soft and delicious with the salsa & orange sauce they have. Its usually pretty crowded at night so its hard to find somewhere to sit and the food is mediocre. I guess I'm a tough judge since SD is the king of Mexican food.I go here quite often and this is my go to spot for mexican food!  Their Churro Breakfast Burrito is my favorite and their Supreme Burrito!i love the Burriots here, and there nachos are great.This place is good! I've had better Mexican food! But I really like the carne asada fries from here and there quesadillas are off the hook! I've never had one that tasted so good like from La Vic's! Its so crispy and like buttery with a good amount of meat inside! Also one thing I can't get over is that damm orange sauce! That stuff is amazing! It's so garlicky that you want more and more! My boyfriend doesn't eat any type of sauce, or condiments like mayo,ketchup,salsa and so on but he tried this stuff and liked it! That's when you know it's good! He can't wait to go back to eat his quesadilla with the sauce!Why is this place so hit and miss? Sometimes the food taste great and then sometimes it taste like dried out steak with no flavor. The orange sauce saves everything though.Anyways I tried out yet another La Vic's, and came out satisfied but it was missing some essentials. First, how can La Vic's not offer ice water for free. I mean seriously this  is 2013, if I want water, how come I have to pay for a bottle?? We live in California, the state that drinks the most H20!!Now on to the steak burrito. Ordered a regular burrito and it was huge in proportion size! but when I bit into it I could tell the steak was dry and had been cooked and cut numerous hours ago. If I didn't have the orange sauce I would have been screwed.I'll of course return to la Vic's but they are slowly fazing out clientele. 50 cents for chips and salsa, come on stop being cheapI love this place, I come here for the orange sauce it is AMAZING.  I always order the Super Quesdillia, you can't go wrong with that!!!Best thing to eat in when out DRUNK with friends LA VICS, don't forget the sauce because SAUCE IS BOSS!!!!It's ok. I'm sorry but it just is not that great. Orange sauce is not spicy. I want spicy! Salsa verde is no bueno. The torta fell apart. Better than Iguanas but not amazing. Some of ya'll rave this way too much.pros-decent price-fast-open latecons-not spicy/flavor lacking salsa-carne asada could use more flavor-pay for refills-can get jam packedThis place has gone downhill ever since I've attended San Jose state. Came back looking for their epic burrito and orange sauce but things changed. The rice in the burrito was crunchy and dry, the meat was nasty, and the service left much to be desired. Orange sauce was unlimited, but now you are forced to pay for extra, and when I did wanted it, they gave me only 2. The place became cheap, and the service is horrible. I'd go to their other locations.fast food, warm environment, nice staffs, quick.. BURRITOS...Love love love thier carne asada fries, carne asada burrito and quesadillas. Im very picky when it comes to mexican food. I will usually ONLY eat homemade, but I approve of thier food.If you go clubbing or bar hopping downtown, you know this is the spot to be afterwards...that is if you're not at Jack in the Box!I only get the Carne Asada Super Quesadilla's here since I already have my favorite burrito place and a separate favorite spot for taqueria tacos. I like how the quesadilla's come out all crispy and golden looking. Oh, and please don't skimp on the orange sauce!They never used to watch their bottles of orange sauce like a hawk...but I guess too many people were taking them home w/ them. I don't mind buying the sauce from there. I find it goes well on a lot of snack foods like Totino pizzas, pizza rolls, or fried chicken. I tried making the sauce at home myself, didn't come out the same, but I have since learned that their secret ingredient is chorizo grease! Not sure if I'm gonna try that but hey, I'm not gonna question why the sauce is so good.Minus 1 star b/c every morning after I eat this I have a stomach ache. Not sure to blame it on the sauce, the food, or the late night drinking...but I can say that the food here was the last thing I ate before I went into labor 10 days before my due date!I don't know why, but by the look of this place I thought the burritos were going to be awful. As far as I was concerned, it was kinda off the beaten path and the inside was a little dingy. I guess I shouldn't be so judgmental- but, c'mon, that's what first impressions are for!Anyway, fortunately I trusted my fellow actors (we were on a break from a long and grueling tech rehearsal and appropriately in need of some energy!) and ordered a carnitas burrito. By the looks of the number of reviews and what fellow Yelpers have to say, this place is somewhat one of those must-try places downtown-- especially that orange sauce. So, remember, I came here with no preconceived notions. I innocently squirted this Orange Sauce on my carintas burrito- and damn, it was good! I can see why they actually sell it by the quart? Well, you can get containers of it, anyway. There were 11 of us, and we were able to gather 3 tables by the window (in other words, about half the tables in the little taqueria) and sit together, all passing the little bottle of sauce constantly back and forth. If I'm ever craving a burrito, or Mexican food, I'd definitely come back to this little spot.After dancing and drinking at the Kanye West concert, my buddy and I survived the crazy mess of downtown San Jose to grab a burrito.  It's cute that the restaurant is in a house, but I imagine if I lived there I'd want to shoot all the drunken patrons that crowd this place each night.  Be prepared to fight for an open table.Nevertheless, I enjoyed dabbing orange sauce over a tasty carne asada burrito.  The sauce ain't that spicy, but as it collected on the bottom of my burrito, I found myself running to get some more water.This place is great for some late-night grub but that's what it's good for....just late-night grub (same level as Taco Bell and Jack in the Box).I would not go here during the daylight or while being sober because the service is horrible and the food is sub-par. The people at this location treat all their customers like they are obnoxious, drunk college students (which I admit is somewhat true) but for the select few who are only slightly drunk but otherwise very aware of their surroundings, shouldn't be treated like little kids. What I mean is that once they see you take your last bite of your food, they'll instantly swipe in and take the bottle of orange sauce out of fear that it'll be stolen. The orange sauce is good, but not THAT good. The people who work here need to calm down and learn a bit of social skills.With that said, I suggest their al Pastor in the many forms that a tortilla will come in.I been coming here for quite a while and have loved it here. I come during different times of the day whether is lunch time during school or getting a late night meal with some buddies, the service here is great and friendly. It does get crowded during lunch and late nights since everyone is all about their secret sauce or just the food in general, so do come prepared with spending a little time waiting in line, let alone for your food to get made.Good food. The super nachos are awesome and the orange sauce is not to be missed. Skip the enchilladas. Their enchillada receipe is weird and way too salty.I hate beans and I can't mix my meat and my cheese, so that eliminates a lot of mexican food for me. Some Mexican places are pretty accommodating, and have a ton of stuff that goes into a burrito that I can still eat, but at La Vic's if I ask for a burrito with no beans, it's just three cubes of beef, three chunks of salsa, and a ton of rice. So depressing, that no orange sauce can make up for it.I do like their plain cheese quesadillas, and at $2 a pop, they make for a pretty decent snack during an all nighter (plus the brisk walk from the art building wakes me up).A very interesting Mexican food joint. I had pass by the location so many times without even noticing this place until my friend had told me about it. First time I tried to come here with my friend the place was closed I since it was under renovation. After waiting for a month I finally get to see what's the fust is all about. I can say the food was good in a weird way. There wasn't anything that was really poppin' out at me. I had tried the Tortas. It is basically a sandwich with some beans and meat, basically burrito stuff in a sandwich My friend had recommended to me. Since the place was under some renovations my friend said he didn't noticed much of a difference at all from it being closed for a while and all. I had also then tried out the "special" sauce they had. The sauce wasn't bad but it can really use some extra kick to it. I'm not too sure what's the rave is all about but it tastes and looks like hot sauce mixed with ranch dressing. It's maybe because I'm too used to spicy foods, but I didn't really taste much hot and spicy to it at all. Though the sandwich isn't all that great. I'm looking forward to trying out their burritos.2.5 Stars since there isn't anything that had really wanting more.This is my favorite taqueria in San Jose. It has what I think most places lack...consistency. The food is always made fresh and the sauce is amazing--I can't picture burritos with out it anymore!I think the main reasons this isn't "5 star" is because if you are there at prime times, it could take forever. I've waited 30 minutes before for a standard non-special order burrito. The prices have also gone up, but they are still a good deal. The San Carlos location is definitely better than the Santa Clara location. It feels cleaner too.Sadly, this location was a tad too far from where I work downtown to be feasible as a lunch option while the Santa Clara location was being renovated.  That said, when I was doing pet sits over this way recently, it was the perfect place to stop in and grab a bite during a busy day.  Parking is a bit tricky - they have only two spaces onsite, otherwise you have to find street parking (Good luck with that during days when SJSU is in session or during any "rush" times for lunch or dinner since there are a bunch of other eateries in the immediate vicinity too.)  Other than that, this location is fine and I'll be happy to eat here anytime I'm in that part of downtown.  I love that it's in a Victorian house (an excellent example of re-using!), the food is good, the staff efficient, and the orange sauce yummy.I was just there on monday.. I wish I took a bottle of that orange sauce home with me as a souvenir.. They put crack in there or something because im having withdrawals..I do not know any other taco shop that offers 3 different types of beans for their B.R.C.'s..La Vic's knows wsup..Their burritos are floppy and poorly wrapped. Stingy on the guac.Get over the orange sauce that's really tan-colored.Taquerias in San Jose are like Starbuck's in San Francisco... Theyre EVERYWHERE But i find it somewhat difficult to distiguish what's unique about them... there has to be at least one little thing to give a place the "mmm"  factor to keep me coming back for more... and LaVic's orange sauce has just the mmm to keep me wanting more... and more. It's seriosuly that good. it's spicy but not...LaVictoria is a great value for people who are on a budget... theyre extremely reasonably priced ( i usually don't spend more than 5 bucks for my Chicken Super Flour Quesadilla and a drink), they're right smack in the middle of downtown and they're open late.If you've never been, try it at least once... your taste buds will be in for a wonderful surprise.I really don't know why I love this place when I only LIKE the other place.   Maybe it's because this is the first place I experienced the joy of the orange sauce.  Maybe it's because I like the location of this place more.  Maybe it's because I've never had to wait AN HOUR for a burrito here before.Food is the same at both locations.  Excellent, but unbelievable when you add orange sauce.Yummm. I don't know what's in that orange sauce and I don't CARE what's in the orange sauce, but man oh man I wish I'd purchased a couple bottles  to bring them back to Seattle with me! Unfortunately a) you can't bring liquid on airplanes, and b) I didn't have time to freeze it and disguise it. I don't think it matters what you're eating, so long as you douse it in that stuff. Loved hearing all the stories from my friends about how you're only allowed to have one bottle on your table at a time 'cause people tend to steal them, and how the place is packed at all hours of the day and night. Was quite pleased with my meal here, especially since the majority of my trip was spent in family-friendly chain restaurants.Two words....Orange Sauce!! It seriously is the best thing you'll ever come across! Granted the food isn't the best Mexican food in the world, but the sauce helps! This place is a staple to go to after stumbling out of any of the downtown bars for some late night food.It is ALWAYS packed! There is always a long wait to get your order, but that never seems to be a problem for the people who head there. The people are friendly and your usually guaranteed to see some entertainment from the drunks there as you wait. The only thing that sucks about this place is the lack of parking in the area. Be careful about parking at the Jack in the Box parking lot....they will tow your car if you don't buy something from there!I always get a burrito and the super nachos are real good too. Guard the Orange bottle with your life when sitting down, the staff have a habit of coming and taking it away if they don't see you using it!The orange sauce is good, but too much hype about it! Prior to tasting La Vic's for the first time, everyone talked about "how you've got to try the orange sauce and how it's the shit" so me being a major foodie, I was quite excited. After my first bite, all I could think was "what's the hype about?" Maybe cause I was drunk, i don't know, but I wasn't very forgiving at the time. Anyway, my friend happened to buy a bottle of the orange sauce and also happened to leave it in my glove compartment so he just told me to have it. So after sobering up I decided to give the sauce another chance and used it as a spread for my sandwich (not exactly La Vic's anymore) but my sandwich tasted pretty damn good so I suppose I can forgive and forget.As for their actual food... I got the super corn quesadilla and it definitely was nothing out of the ordinary. I was actually expecting a grilled piece of tortilla with melted cheese and deliciousness but it was kinda set up like a taco and I can't even remember the contents inside the quesadilla because it was that ordinary. And as for the service... I mean the place was packed so I don't blame the workers for not being the friendliest, so whatev.I starting coming to La Vic's right when they opened many years ago, and back then I thought it was "tha bomb".  Anything with orange sauce is good, right?!Well, I started going to the Santa Clara Ave location and found that they totally trump this location.  I've found that their food is less greasy and they put less salsa on their tacos/corn quesadillas.  Because of that, their tacos/corn quesadillas are less soggy.Parking is annoying at this location, and it feels more crowded inside.2 words. ORANGE SAUCE. It goes good on pretty much everything..pizza, burgers, tacos, rice and meat, hell I even tried it on oysters before and it wasn't bad.The actually food itself is OK, there's plenty of other places that taste better or give bigger portions. The orange sauce here is the real deal though, even other places like Iguanas tried to do an orange sauce of their own, but it's not the same! It's open late for its great for a night of drinking/clubbing in downtown and you got the drunk munchies. They even have security sometimes, my friend told me a story where someone took the sauce and security tried to take it back..but a group of people beat down the security to take the sauce. It just shows you how awesome the sauce it.Everyone knows about La Vics. EVERYONE! Their infamous orange sauce is the BOMB and cannot be imitated. However, this review is for their shitty location! Although it is at a popular spot downtown, the parking is horrendous. Most people park in the Jack in the box lot next to it, but BEWARE because late at night there are patrolling tow trucks that do not give a crap about your late night cravings. In addition, I come to this establishment quite often and their lackluster demeanor is very discouraging. If anything, I would recommend people to go to their south san jose location because their service is horrible. They once gave me a burrito when I ordered the nacho fries and preceded to tell me I was wrong in ordering.. when they saw my ticket, they let me wait for 15+ minutes while I saw several nacho fries fly out the window. I mean.. this is just RESTAURANT 101 but you should probably serve the person that you messed up on their order.. and not put them at the back of your orders!! Instead of apologizing, they ORDERED me to get my refund. NASTY NASTY PEOPLE. On a side note, I recommend the carne asada quesadilla and nacho fries. DO NOT.. DO NOT get the burrito and expect to be blown away. A burrito is a burrito and I must admit that their's is not the best.. so beware!La Vics is great. I have been to both Downtown locations near SJSU and near Market. Love the food. Good service and good veggie options. The sauce is especially good. Would get 5 stars but I have had better fresher salsa in other places.Good food, though I wouldn't mind a little less grease, though the quesadilla is really good. Busy at times, especially weekend last night after the bars (especially near SJSU). Plan on waiting at least 15-30 minutes from the time you walk in the door. The orange sauce is praised, but I normally only use a few drops for the variety. All in all a decent choice.OK - to be frank...the food at 'La Vics' is good...but their RED SAUCE makes everything GREAT~  So I guess this review is more about the red sauce than anything else.  I went to San Jose State way back when and never realized this place was across the street!  For that I will be forever irritated.  So anyway, whether you're into quesadias, traditional tacos, not so traditional burritos...try the red sauce.  Its worth the trip.  Beware though...there have been a few over zealous students way too hungry to wait their turn in line - you might witness an argument or two.It seems like a good amount of La Victoria's frequent customers fancy their orange hot sauce, but that doesn't mean this taqueria doesn't have other good food. As a vegetarian, I have found out that La Victoria has perhaps the best vegetarian quesadilla in downtown San Jose. Get the veggie flour quesadilla if you're a vegetarian (this item has pleased many meat lovers as well, I'm sure), as I highly recommend it.The main problems with this taqueria is that it is very small, tends to be very crowded during the evening and night, and does not have a restroom for customers. In regards to the food, the taste is definitely there, but the ingredients seem to be of subpar quality, with virtually every single item being very greasy.When I think of Mexican food I think of huge portions at minimal cost. Here, the portions aren't so huge. However, the food tastes even better! Back in my SJSU days, I'd always get a super burrito and drench it with La Vic's infamous hot sauce. Anything with that hot sauce can't go wrong. I recently tried their super nachos. I admit that there weren't as much toppings as what a regular taqueria would add, but maybe that's the secret of how not to let the chips get soggy. All of the chips were still crunchy. They also used round tortilla chips which makes it easier to scoop with.JONASAPPROVED!Wow. Talk about eating my words. Maybe the night I went here which sparked my original review was a bad one, but after yesterday, I take it all back. Well, most of it.It might just be me, compared to the last time I went here, but it seems the quality of the food has improved. A lot. I got the Super Taco, Super Quesadailla and Tortas, all with carnitas, and Laurielynn got the carne asada Regular Tacos. This place has the best carnitas I've found in the bay area (I know there are better places, so if you wouldn't mind, help a fatty out and let me know where to go), and Laurielynn said the carne asada was great.Once again, the real star here is the orange sauce. It seemed to me that the heat has been toned down, but the taste is still there. I found myself drowning, well almost drowning, my tortas and quesadilla in that creamy, orange goodness. I put some in the taco also, but I usually prefer my tacos without sauce.I actually would've given this place that fifth star (yea, from 2 to 5 stars in the matter of one visit) if it weren't for the fact that the cashiers need to clean their ears out. I didn't want a Super Taco. I wanted the Super Nachos. I found it kind of odd when the girl asked me how many I wanted (thinking she understood I wanted nachos), but never really thought anything of it. So a couple minutes later, I hear our number called and I was like, "WTF?! Where's my nachos?" Homegirl behind the counter misunderstood me.Anyways, we'll be back. Sometime. There's still more places downtown we have to try.-ORIGINAL REVIEW_Without the orange sauce, I would dare to say that this place serves food no better than what's served out of a roach coach, at least taste-wise. Now if La Costa down on Alum Rock had the orange sauce, I'd be in Mexican food heaven on a carnitas cloud!There isn't much to say except...Carne Asada (regular or super) burritoOrange SauceBottle of CokeWhether its Friday afternoon after the DTSJ farmer's market, Saturday night after the bars, Sunday morning hungover... doesn't matter, it's the best burrito in town!When you walk into La Vic's, it basically feels like  youre walking into someone's living room.... someone who happens to be throwing a major kegger with mexican food because it is crowded as hell in there!The food here is fast, greasy, cheap, and gives me heartburn everytime I eat here but I love it.  Heartburn as a result of a super quesadilla with chicken drenched in orange sauce and washed down with a large horchata burns so good!I'm spoiled because I've gotten to experience authentic Mexican food by the border of Mexico. So after I ventured back here to drunkenly eat some food cause I got some bad ass case of the munchies, I was pretty disappointed. My bar is pretty high people and this place is just alright! Sadly I do not remember what I ate that night, I just remember how sad I was that it wasn't that good.But the orange sauce is pretty awesome. So they redeemed themselves there.I've discovered Iguana's and realized that I've only gone to La Vic's after I'm too drunk to taste anything. A more sober Jessica ventured here and sadly found all the food soggy and tasteless. Even I never recommend this place to people, I'll still come by every now and then to buy a bottle of orange sauce for the house.Damn you orange sauce, you spicy siren!When I went to high school down the street (Notre Dame), everyone and their mom would come here after school (or during free period if you were a senior!) for some Mexican food. And sadly, I never went with them. It wasn't until college where i discovered my love of Mexican food and since then, I've come back several times to see for myself why those white polos and gray skirts came flocking to this place.Verdict? I can see why this place has established itself as an ND classic! Personal recommendations: not the nachos. Chips are a little thick and nacho cheese gets pumped out from that little nacho cheese container. Not my thing. Super quesadillas (with carne asada) is a different story. That stuff is delicious! Loaded with everything from cheese, tomatoes, meat, guac, sour cream and more! Perfectly crispy and delicious and goes perfectly with their infamous orange sauce. I have been searching for a quesadilla like that all over Los Angeles and to my disappoint, it's been a disappointment!Overall, cheap food & open late. Just be prepared to wait in line when you come...almost any time, but especially late night when the bars are closing and everyones looking for some drunk eats! Oh, and be prepared to circle around for some parking, The Jack In the Box next door has a security guy there every once in a while.The OG La Vics, they have signs that their sauce is vegan....its hard to believe, I always thought it had some kinda of meat grease/fat in it.Still solid late night snacks, just watch out if you have too much sauce you will pay for it in the morning!!Yummy! Delicious everything and pretty fast service too.Been here so many times with friends and with the bf. From lunch time to late night dinner cravings, this is one of the cheapest and closest Mexican places around when I am visiting my bf at SJSU or happen to be in downtown with friends.My favorites are the super tacos with carne asada, minus one star for the super quesadilla for the overwhelmingly drenching and water dripping from the meat. Don't get me wrong though, the quesadilla itself is pretty amazing, but the fact that my hands are always a dripping mess is a no no for me. I suggest a knife and fork if you aren't a messy eater.ORANGE sauce, best thing here. I prefer this place over Iguana's any day, ahah.so addicting!!Delicious!Overall: AReturn again: Hellz yeahAs everybody knows...THE ORANGE SAUCE IS WHERE ITS AT!!!!  You could put that stuff on anything it tastes great.  The best part about La Vic is the sauce and the locations.  With numerous in the San Bro-zay area you'll be likely to stumble over it drunkenlyThree stars for La Vic.  Its a great place to go when you need a cheap quick meal late at night.  You can take your pick with La Vics or Iguanas since they are on the same block.  However, I usually go to La Vics if Iguanas is closed.  I usually get veggie burritos, but there is not much flavor to it.  (Next time, I should probably add guacamole to it).  I usually add their orange sauce to add flavor, which is good but on the spicy side.  Decent food, not great.3 stars for the food, because everything is always watery. but if i could. 5 stars for their orange sauce.The good:  Open late ('til 2 a.m.) and the orange sauce. A bottle of the orange sauce can be had for $6.The bad: Burritos are not the best and quality can be inconsistent. Sometimes rice is undercooked or meat over seasoned or overcooked. But add a lot of orange sauce and it won't matter.Also the wait can be a little long during lunch and evenings.Credit cards accepted for purchase of $10 or more. Parking can be found around the corner on 4Th St. in parking lot next door to Grande's Pizzeria. Avoid parking in Jack in the Box's lot unless you want your putt-putt to be towed.Many people love La Victoria, but I don't.  I think this place is over rated when people talk about there Mexican Food.  The burritos and tacos are really bland...sad to say Chevy's would be a better option than La Victoria.  The people who raves about this place are usually clubbers and SJSU folks that just want a cheap eat during the late nights.  I must say, if you are dead hungry during the late nights, anything would taste good.  Oh, the orange sauce...common now...that is the only thing that would make the burrito taste good.  Anyway, I'm not saying this place is the worst, but this place is over rated.So my friend and I were hungry after our drinks at Trials and decided to hike over to La Vic for something to soak up the booze. While I was torn between the nachos and the veggie quesadilla, I decided on the nachos.Dear God, they were INCREDIBLE! This place doesn't use the nasty fake orange melted Taco Bell cheese. Their cheese was the real deal--a pleasing mellow yellow poured generously all over the enormous basket of tortilla chips. We absolutely inhaled them. By the end, we were prying the soggy, cheese-covered remnants at the bottom and trying to make ourselves stop. I think we left a single chip on the white paper. The nachos were just ridiculously good. I definitely need to come back during lunch...yummmm!  Inexpensive.  Delicious.  Quick.  Orange Sauce.I always the super burrito with no beans and steak.  its only 5.50 and a regular burrito is 4.50.  Yum... Extra quacamole.  Great place to grab a quick bite to eat but it can be a little packed sometimes because its right next to San Jose State.  Parking can be difficult at times too but I just park at the McDonalds across the street ^^They serve a variety of Mexican food but you have to drown everything in the orange sauce.  yummy, the green one isnt bad too.  Dont try to steal the orange sauce tho cuz they'll come after you.  No lie.Food - 4Service - 3Ambience - 2If the orange sauce was a celebrity, it would get its own star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. It's what catapults La Victoria to a 4-star establishment. Don't get me wrong, the burritos are good, but the orange sauce makes them REALLY good.I typically only dribble the orange sauce on my burrito because I am weaksauce, but it's so tasty. We've hooked my father-in-law with it when we went down to SoCal with a bottle last Christmas. He's already asked us for another bottle next time we go down.The portions are huge and you can definitely make two meals out of one burrito. Only demerit is that they are skimpy on the cheese, especially since they charge you extra for it. It's like a treasure hunt each time the Hubby gets a burrito with cheese, with unfortunately very little cheese booty.La Victoria's is alright, if it's not made in the country of Mexico, it's not aunthentic even if the cook was born and raised there. This La Vics is in America so it's not real to me. If i want real mexican i'll drive down the Mexico.I come here strictly for the Super Quesada that's all, i don't really like nachos even thoguh it's suppose to taste super good. Service is non existant, the staff are like robots, but i don't blame them, SJSU kids are just around the corner. My occurances here are just go to eat, and leave or straight to go, unlike the rest of Downtown SJ that likes to "hang out" here.What also kinda brings the place down is the hype, sorry but orange sauce isn't THAT good, it gets boring.La Vics is a good spot if you're trying to get quesadillas.  Their burritos are decent too, but I need orange sauce every time I get one. There are other places around downtown for better burritos late night, you just gotta look around.Oh, and the line to order can get pretty crowded late at night, so if you're out clubbing and want food here, then you better come early to lock down your food and a seat.This is a great place to eat after the club gets out. However - 2 out of 5 times I eat here and get sick. :(I do love the orange sauce, and getting sick still hasn't kept me away.hehe!There is just something in their orange sauce that makes that burrito taste that much better... My friend said that people were actually stealing the sauces so they stopped placing it on the tables for now. Make sure you try the nachos too.Last Friday our car got the short straw and had to make the trip to pick up food at La Vics before coming home from a Birthday Celebration at 2am.  It was probably the worst idea b/c I had to babysit the most intoxicated one the WHOLE TIME.... For those that don't know La Vics is PACKED at 2am. Line out the door with more then one security guard monitoring all the drunks.  The security guard that stands at the door was cool but the guy making sure the line was in order was sort of a dick. He was seriously pushing people. I know drunk people can be obnoxious but i was sober and getting annoyed mostly with him. Anyways, onto the food.... I've had a couple of things here and really everything ALWAYS tastes good.. I guess when you've had a few drinks anything tastes good but especially super greasy food. Oh how I love Quesedilla's when I'm intoxicated. As for the orange sauce.. my house likes it we have two bottles in our fridge right now.I wasn't a big fan of Mexican food before but I think La Vics changed my life when I tried the orange sauce (no lie). It's so delicious. Pros:-Carne Asada Quesadillas are SO delicious.-Tacos are good-ORANGE SAUCE (to die for)-Prices aren't so bad. Anywhere from $2-5.Cons:-It gets really packed and busy sometimes-During prime time drunk hours (11:30pm-2am), it's crazy crowded and packed.-Burritos aren't so good-No parking lot, park on the streets ;[I am only giving them an extra for their orange sauce. Its like drugs...I can't quit it. But without their orage sauce, this place would be nothing!! That orange sauce doesn't deserve to go on their watery burrito. Everytime I get a burrito from this place, my hands gets so dirty because of all the liquid in my burrito.  The orange sauce keeps this place going in my opinion haha. A short story: So me and my friend like to get the nachos to go but eat it at the restaurant.  When we tried to ask for the bottle of sauce, they just handed us two small to go sauces. WTF? Anyways, we tried to ask again a few minutes later and we got one to go sauce. They swear we were going to try and steal the sauce when we were clearly sitting right in front of the register! And also, I think that lady remembered me because the last time I ordered nachos to go, she only gave me ONE to go sauce!!!nevermind about the four stars...I'm taking one out for that little incident. =)If I reviewed this place back when I was in college, I would probably have to give it 5 stars because it was the place to be after a night of bar-hopping and clubbing.  However, now that I live in the San Francisco area and have explored the great district called "The Mission", there is no comparison.  The one thing that makes this place special is the Orange Sauce.  God knows what's in this amazing sauce, but I remember stealing bottles from this place for home.  Ghetto?  Yes.  Do I regret it?  No!  You could put that sauce on practically anything.  I ate it with egg, burgers, fried chicken...you name it.  I guess it would be similar to ranch dressing.  I've been trying to find the recipe to this sauce for quite some time, so if anyone finds out how to make it, ping me!I used to be addicted to this place when I first started @ SJSU. Now? Not so much. :/ I've figured out that La Vic's is really not that good. What makes their food taste good is their orange sauce (aka "orange crack"). No joke, it really is all about the sauce. I was craving La Vic's not too long ago. My stomach wasn't feeling too great so I didn't have any orange sauce. The food tasted horrible! Had I put the sauce on it, it would have been good. Another thing, I once ordered their super tacos and cut the roof of my mouth a little cuz there was a chunk of plastic underneath the meat. A friend of mine bit into a rock that was in his burrito at the location on Santa Clara Street. I don't come here anymore. I was also very grossed out when someone told me their sauce is made of mayo and chorizo grease. Unhealthy and is now very gross to me. :(I searched at Yelp the best place to eat some Mexican food so I saw La Vic's review had the most reviews among others...  I reconfirmed it with my friend whether I should go there or the other place nearby and was told to go straight to La Vic's.  True enough that the choice I made was sooooooooooooo right...The orange sauce was just a bomb!!!  I had the super burrito, super taco and the super nachos for our family dinner...  I can't get over it and ate the left overs for breakfast again the next day as well intending to go back tonight after a badminton game...Love it!!!I am still dreaming of the orange sauce.....OMG!   Yes, I did buy a bottle, and had to get a bag of ice to keep it 'fresh' while we drove back to the East Bay.   The bottle of the secret orange stuff, is sooo worth it!Their menu is like any other Taqueria joint,  full of yummy omnonom goodness!!!   I am a super burrito type of gal, fill my burrito up till it will explode please, but hm....hold the beans!  Love my fill of asada and rice more than the beans. Slather on the good ol' orange sauce and dont talk to me until I'm done!   Their tacos are also very tasty and so are the nachos.   In a perfect world, I could eat an entire burrito and nachos and not explode.   Something about La Vics makes me into a total glutenous person! I still think of that yummy orange sauce and want some right now as I drool and type about a little piece of Taqueria heaven......The only thing that erks me are (1) parking, sometimes it sucks to find parking  (2) seating.....if it's crowded, you SOL with getting a table, and there's really no where outside to eat  (3) GRAB them orange bottles quick!   Sometimes they're MIA.....I think it's those shaddy people who TAKE the bottles of the good sauce home w/o buying it...c'mon it's only a few dollars, just buy your own bottle and leave the ones that are suppose to be for dining in....geez!Their burritos are OK.  Maybe it tastes better when one is under the influence of alcohol...  Their orange-colored sauce is so good and turns a mediocre burrito into a decent one.I'd only go here if I'm within walking distance and not allowed to drive.I like the orange sauce. I don't know why it's orange. I don't want to know why it's orange. All I know is, it tastes good.I've only been here post 10 pm, most of the time after 1 am. La Vic's is great for this: it's open until the crack of dawn. Perfect for getting a huge amount of cheap food after a "fun" evening. The quesadilla (smother it in orange sauce) is where it's at- big, oily, and delicious. I don't think I would ever come here for breakfast, lunch, or dinner. But late night munchies? Absolutely.In the Midwest, our tacos come loaded with fresh juicy marinated carne asada in a somewhat crispy greasy corn tortilla topped with onions and cilantro.  So I was somewhat disappointed with the carne asada tacos at La Victoria.  The tacos came with beans and spicy fresh salsa (even though I had specifically requested that neither one be included) but the meat had absolutely no flavor. The spicy salsa was pretty overwhelming especially since I can't really eat spicy foods but there were no warnings about how spicy it would be!  The orange sauce was good but nothing spectactular.  But as this was one of the few last night spots around our hotel, I decided to give it another try - only this time I got the al pastor quesadilla.  YUMMY!  The tortilla was crispy, the meat was flavorful and the cheese was delicious!  And it was cheaper than getting the taco!  I would recommend this place if you are into "healthier" tacos (just don't get the carne asada, everything else is fine) and definitely get it to go because the portions are way bigger than when you dine in.Everyone is always talking about how good La Vics is, so my bf and I decided to come give it a try. We were so disappointed. We thought this place would be the best Mexican food, but it wasn't.I had the carne asada burrito and it was flavorless. There was waaay too much beans in it. I ate more beans than meat and rice which was gross. Also, the orange sauce tastes just like ranch with Burger King zesty sauce mixed together.My bf had the nachos and omg the chips were stale!I might consider giving this place one more chance and see how it goes...I love this place. I dunno why people say the orange sauce ain't good, it's great. I love the saucy and a little spiciness of it. I always order their super taco and super burrito. Great thing about this place is that it's open late. I can stop by here whenever I'm craving some late night snack or mexican food. Not many mexican places open this late and I get out of work late. I've been eating at this place the last 2 nights and stil crave for it. They are very generous with their orange sauce so no point in buying orange sauce unless you're planning to use it to eat at another place.4 stars purely for the orange sauce!Being from San Diego, I'm used to having burritos without rice or beans so needless to say, I wasn't too fond of the burrito I had at La Vics.  I probably could have asked that they didn't add it but it didn't cross my mind that they would be included at all.  It's also too bad they don't have carne asada fries here either.  I ended up buying a bottle of their sauce to take back home.  I put that bad boy on just about EVERYTHING.  So now, every time a family member or friend travels to SJ, I make sure they know to bring back a bottle of orange sauce from La Vics just for me. :)Okay so let me start out by saying I do think you need to try the orange sauce, it is genuinely good. And if this were solely an orange sauce factory, I'd give it 4... maybe 5 stars. But alas, it's a Mexican restaurant. The food is extremely mediocre, and I can only imagine that the people giving this place five stars might still be drunk from the night before.You would be better off spending the $4 or whatever it is they charge and buying a bottle of the orange sauce to put on decent food instead of on their incredulous Mexican food. If I were drinking and wanted some late night food, I'd go here - but in a sober state of mind when the sun is out and there are other options, I'd pass. If you're looking at this I'm sure you're familiar with the orange sauce, but if it weren't for that, the hours, and the location (albeit 3 pretty strong points, depending on the time of day), this place would probably not be in business.Might as well toss my review on the stack for La Vic.  If you're in downtown SJ, you can't afford not to have a super burrito here.  The orange sauce must contain some kind of illicit, addictive substance.Parking is a bitch when the town is busy.  I recommend walking, if you're already hanging out downtown.I never really liked Mexican food, mostly because I felt bloated and full and just fat after eating.However, after coming to La Vic's, I have discovered a new love. THE ORANGE SAUCE IS SOOO GOOOOOOOOOOOD. Portions are just right. The only thing that sucks is the seating during busier times. Other than that, this is WIN.There's not much to add about this place with over 1000 reviews.. I always enjoy my super veggie tacos here. The orange sauce is pretty good too, personally not a big fan, but the bf really loves it. Yes there are weird people/college kids here all the time, yes sometimes the line is very long, but I mean, that's outta be expected given the location of the establishment. Plus the price of the food is very decent, cheaper than cooking at home sometimes.The Orange Sauce. I went through half a bottle. It was that good. I felt as though I should've paid extra for it!This place is AMAZING. I'm stuck here in Hawaii but definitely make it a point to come here everytime I'm in San Jose.Good before drinking food and GREAT drunk food!Located right next to several bars and clubs, so you don't have to walk far to get your grub on.I always get their Grilled Chicken Super Taco. Usually one is filling for me. Great Carne Asada fries!! And as my friend would say "OH! I want a Squirt!"$6 for their famous orange sauce. :)See you after the bars!I actually like the carne asada super burritos and quesadillas here.  They're pretty tasty to me.  I usually go for the quesadillas, since the burritos have too much rice for my liking.Awesome place to eat after the clubs.  Hehe.  When I'm sober though, I solely come here to buy a bottle of orange sauce.  YUM!The food here is pretty average, it's decent but not amazing. I usually come here after going out in downtown San Jose or stop by the one near my work in the morning to pick up some breakfast burritos. The Super Burritos and the tacos are all that I've had, the menu is pretty basic. They offer Burritos, both super (sour cream, cheese, guacamole, and salsa) and regular, Tacos both super and regular, quesadilas, and tortas. Most of the hype of this place belongs to the coveted "Orange Sauce", you can't have La Vic's without the Orange Sauce. And if you love it that much you can buy a bottle of it for $6. Oh and beware, this location gets crazy packed on the weekend, especially after the clubs shut down with drunks, sexy females and college students, if your lucky, a mix of the three. So keep in mind eating inside is a rarity.Every time my boyfriend and I come to San Jose, we usually eat around this area but preferably Iguanas. This time we decided to try out La Vics. It's usually packed when we pass by La Vics but when we went, there was barely anyone there. We got the nacho carne asada cheese fries and a carne asada super burrito. I seriously put the orange sauce all over the nacho fries and when I started eating it, I didn't realize that the orange sauce was spicy, oops. It was still yummy though. The burrito was ehh. If you don't put the sauce inside, the burrito is really dry. I couldn't stop hogging the nacho fries from my boyfriend LOL. Refills for sodas is $.60 which I think is ridiculous. I think they trick you since the orange sauce is spicy so you have to get a refill on your drink. You really don't have to pay $.60 though especially when there's a lot of people inside so they won't know, lol. My boyfriend even told me we ain't going to Iguanas anymore now that we tried La Vics, hahaha.Love this place, particularly the store on San Fernando St.  Orange sauce -- it's vegan -- amazingly good.  They often have homemade agua fresca -- the tamarindo is great, so is the jamaica. Super veggie burrito is maybe my favorite thing there -- to quoite Frances the Badger, 'I always know what I am getting, and I am always pleased.'Must have every day at sj. I uaually get the cheapest thing on the menu, the flour quesadilla, tho it's still extremely good. Get the orange sauce.Yummy!! This place is so good. If you haven't been you got to try it at least once.Can't get enough of this place.  Great for lunch with friends, and often with co-workers.The Super Flour Quesadilla is my personal favorite, with carne asada. I love it! I had the burrito once and I was not in the slightest bit impressed. Their orange sauce is pretty damn good though. I never order anything else but the quesadilla now.Honestly the main reason I got to eat here is the orange sauce. Hands down I think it's the best. Their food is fine, but nothing extravagant. Get your favorite Mexican dish, and be sure to add some orange sauce! Yum :)Super good Burrito and the sauce is awesome. A good place to casually hang out with friends and enjoy nice food. This is one of the better Mexican restaurants in comparison to its competition.Great place...love the foodGood, But Birria Tepa has them  beat by 2 stars.Orange sauce is great.  Food is above average.  Parking lot is very tight.  They charge for soda refills and they monitor it.  Its a decent place to go if you are going home from the Brit.One of the most popular burrito spots in downtown san jose due to their orange sauce. Must stop by for visitors.Best quesadillas in town!What everyone else says about this place.. fast... cheap and good... although food should really not be that cheap or that fast... it goes against the idea of food but thats what it is... go for a quick mexican run and get your cravings satisfied. don't forget the habanero.Orange Sauce and Nacho Fries..that is allseriously.. eh ... plus for reals the liquid cheese.. I'm pretty sure cows don't spew liquid cheese from their teets.. me no likey.  I tried the burrito.. even my honey who will eat anything said ewww, great location tho, food .. not so much, stale chips, dry burritos..  No thanks, pros: open late and good location..Bruh, it's motha fuckin La Vics. Before I even knew what Mexican food was I knew what LA Vics was. Before burritos and quesadillas were hype La Vics existed. If you're here your first time get a carne Asada quesadilla. It will fill you up so don't worry. And drench that shit in orange sauce. Mmmm just thinking about that delicious orange sauce just makes me want to j**z ;)Quick, easy, and orange sauce.A little over six bucks will cop you a pretty large burrito with the works. I had carne asada. The creation itself ain't bad. Tortilla was soft, insides nice and moist, the flesh was tender. Yum. But, it is not the 4th of July in your mouth. It's OK, and there are certainly better burritos to be had around San Jose (nope, not at Iguana's).Dat orange sauce. Many swear by it's magic -- I don't. It packs some heat, but isn't deep. It's the bottle rocket that fell in some water and only managed 10 feet up before falling back onto ground. Maybe my bottle of sauce was a dud. Maybe.The burrito is the big draw here at La Vics, and it's only just OK. The orange sauce's "magic" makes it just a little better than OK. But hey, it's close to campus, yeah?Veggie quesadilla has everything that's in the burrito, except with more cheese, and they grill it, so the tortilla is nice and crispy. Greasy and yummy. The perfect vehicle for the orange sauce.I love that there is a La Vic on either end of downtown so that I can easily get to one no matter where I am.Honestly the best thing here is the secret sauce, the tacos and burritos would be good anywhere with La Vic's sauce on it, which you can buy for $6.00. Just beware when you go there, they are total sauce nazi's. You can only have one sauce bottle at your table or they will come very quickly to take the other one away from you. Other than that, I have had way better tacos at other places that don't need to be drenched in a secret sauce to taste good. The only thing I recommend to get from this place is the sauce, and if anybody finds out the receipe, please let me know!!!!The first thing you think when you hear La Vics: ORANGE SUACE. I don't really like spicy items, but I still use the orange sauce... just a little bit less than everyone else. My friends douse their food in it! :)The food is good and the location is great, right by SJSU. (where I go to school) I always go for the burrito. Enough for lunch and dinner!Pretty good - greasy, yummy, authentic. A great place that seems to be frequented by locals. Be forewarned - this place is hella busy during lunch!!Everyone comes for the orange sauce, including myself!  Great food if you're drunk, great food if you're hungry, very filling and spicy!  The employees however are like nazi's with the sauce so watch out!  They charge for refills of soda and they can be a little pricey depending on what you get....  This location is much more convenient than the other one if you don't go to SJSU...ah what can i say, the burritos used to be bigger... the price used to be cheaper. Vics will always be the best burrito i dont care if not authentic or theres no mexican dish with orange sauce. I dont know what they put in this sauce but man that shit is addictive. i put about half of the bottle on one burrito just to get my fix =] haha lemme get some orange sauce i got these cheeseburgers maan!! jkI havent had this place in forever since I moved so far away and  I am beginning to get cold sweats. I am experiencing withdrawals and I don't know how much longer I can last. Someone send me a bottle please!!Go here for one reason and one reason only:The orange sauce.La Victoria is wholey based on this premise.  The burritos are not burritos in their traditional sense, but orange sauce delivery devices.  When choosing a burrito, you should even choose your meat based on what compliments the orange sauce best.  I've found that carne asada and carnitas are the best, but chicken is too bland, and al pastor's flavor doesn't live in harmony with why we come here.While living in San Jose, I would try to limit myself to one visit a week.  And I would use at least 4 cups of orange sauce per burrito.  I once bought a bottle of orange sauce for $6.75 to bring up to San Francisco, but it doesn't work with the burritos up there.  The orange sauce only works where it was created... use as much as you can stand, it's like eating Jesus.You should come here for the orange sauce; that's the thing. That stuff has crack in it or something. If they don't leave any on your table, you can ask the folks behind the counter for a bottle.When it's crowded (which is most of the time) it's really hard to get a table, but if you get your food to go, make sure you get extra orange sauce. You're going to need to pour it on every bite. Mmmmmm...Not bad for Mexican food in NorCal being that the best mexican food and the real mexican food is all located in SAN DIEGO.this place is famous for their orange sauce. I totally know why. The sauce is REALLY GOOD. Quesadillas and carne asada burritos were good.La Vic's used to be my "it" spot post-downtown festivities, but I've since converted to Iguana's around the corner (larger burritos and "red" sauce). The only thing this place has got going for them is the orange sauce. Burritos are only mediocre (size and taste-wise), they're nazi's about their orange sauce once it gets dark, and the line is always too long.Tip: if you order your nachos to go, you get more.La Vics definately deserves all the great reviews it gets!  Its a San Jose must try.  You seriously can not be in San Jose and have not at least tried it once.Unfortunately for me, I'm not too big of a meat eater and La Vics prides itself on their great Carne Asada, but it doesn't really do anything for me.  Their orange sauce though, is definately great.  I have yet to find some secret concotion sauce to add to my burritos that La Vics offers.  Most of their food is oily, but thats why its soo good for their faithful patrons. I can't say much, since I'm already biased at their non-meat options, but their food isn't anything without their orange sauce.  I don't think La Vics burritos could stand alone without its sauce, which makes it great, so its a catch 22.  I say.. do what most do.  Get an Iguanas burrito and La Vics sauce.  The best of both worlds right??yummmy orange sauce!I got a carne asada quesadilla :) sooo goood not soggy like some other places. I just didn't like refills were 60 cents more they need to redo the menu though!This place was all the rage about 10 years ago and all of the punk rockers and indie scene kids would show up there after the Cactus club would let out and so would all of the rest of downtown too.   It is still inevitably packed any time after 10p.m., and half the day too. The line can be a real killer if you are on the edge between hungry and diar starvation.   The thing that I do not like about this place is the amount of oil that seems to drip out of everything they make. It is like, hey! I ordered a quesadilla, and it is dripping oil as I open the wrapper, then the burrito has a nice saucy amount of fluid floating around in the wrapper too. I think their objective is to make sure you go home with a nice wet greasy stain on your shirt, no matter what you order. Even the nachos might have a bit of a drip to them. The nachos are good, if they are fresh there, but they use the thicker yellow corn chips, which is a slight drawback.   As long as you do not mind the mess, the food is o.k., very clean for the most part, and the salsa is fresh. The tomato juice adds to the wet mix. I would say that eating it there would be the best part, but it is a small place and most of the seating is usually taken by the time I arrive. The Santa Clara st. Location has a bit more seating, although it's still packed.I thought I'd save the plus side of La Vic for last. It is the sauce, that magic orange sauce. I'm not going to say anything more on it. Just try it.I would honestly give this place 3.5 stars, because it's better than A-OK, but I'm not sure if I'm a fan yet, as I've only been there once.  I've driven by I-don't-know-how-many times, yet I only stopped in for the first time this past weekend.  It was a Saturday around 11:30ish, and the place was SLAMMED!My wife and I both got carnitas super burritos, and they were very good.  The orange sauce was tasty, but there's so many other rants and raves about that crack juice already that I won't go on any further about it.  It's good - period.Part of what makes it a 3 star and not a 4 is that parking was a pain in the ass, and the ordering process was a bit hectic.  When we first walked in, there was just a mass of people standing around all the way out to the doorway.  Some had already ordered, some were waiting to order, and nobody showed any interest in creating some sort of orderly system to help the un-initiated (read: us) figure out what's what.  Eventually, we made our way to the front of the line and ordered.  We had to go back outside to wait for a table to open up, but that wasn't such a bad thing due to the volume level inside (noisy) and the number of people milling around.What solidifies this 3-star status was some kid inside WITH his bicycle...not a road bike - the BMX kind.  It would've been perfectly fine with me had he put it somewhere out of the way, but no.  Instead, he pulled 2 chairs out from the 5 that were around a round table, turned them around, and leaned the bike lazily up against them.  This, mind you, was in the middle of the freaking walkway between the door and the counter!  THEN, he proceeded to take the middle of the 3 remaining chairs at the table as his own!  It wasn't until I saw several of the employees (who were cleaning the tables) having to step over his p.o.s. bike, some tripping and almost falling down, that I decided that the place just wasn't my cup of tea.  The food was fine, and I can't imagine a more desirable place to go late at night after a bar crawl, but it's not the sort of joint I'd want to take family if they were in town.  If the management doesn't care enough about its own staff and their safety to speak up and have Mr. Emo move his 2-wheeler out into the hall, not just for safety purposes, but also to allow for people to sit down (what a concept!), I can't imagine they give a flip about me or my food.Next time, my business will go to Chipotle on The Alameda or La Grullensa on Capitol & Capitol out on the east side, unless I'm just really craving that orange goodness...5 stars for the orange sauce.3.5 stars for the food! I'm sure you have all heard this already... but the orange sauce is the BOMB! This is the main reason I crave La Vics. I tried the burritos and the quesadilla... Out of those two, I choose the quesadilla! Very nice and crisp tortilla. I usually get the carne asada but sometimes it can be a bit salty.The chicken is a bit too messy for a quesadilla since it's covered with tomato sauce. It's yummy but messy. Always buy a bottle of the orange sauce for home. Don't steal. Cause stealin' is not nice! (My mom put that sauce in spaghetti, and I swear to you, it was one of the best spaghetti dishes I had!)THE one and only (well i guess there's two now)...it's all about the orange sauce!!!!!I should know better but the orange sauce tastes really good -- GOOD = bad for you?i like the carne asada = a little crispy at the edges.  good for SJSU students. Yes, I had a craving so I drove all the way here to eat it!  It's definitely hard to find parking.WOW, 600 reviews? Really? La Vic's is an alright burrito joint. They used to be great when I was a Freshmen here at SJSU. (2004/2005?). I feel like their quality and service kind of went downhill after their popularity exploded. What do I get? I get the super burrito with chicken or steak. Its good, but it doesn't WOW me all the time. I do have to admit the orange sauce IS Tasty, but that's what make up for their decent burrito. I gotta lie, I sometimes buy an Iguana's Burrito and buy a bottle of orange sauce and BAM! I call that a better burrito! Hehe. But yes, 3 stars from me.Let's admit... if it weren't for their orange sauce, they'd be just another burrito place. When I first started going here, I always got a carne asada super burrito with everything. Nowadays when I come back once in awhile, I get their super nachos... still with carne asada.I would have given them 4 stars if they served breakfast all day because I love me some breakfast burritos, especially for dinner!Haha, I have yet to buy a bottle of their orange sauce and use on something from Iguana's menu. Someday...2 stars because their burritos are dry.  Yeah? orange sauce? great....that cant save everything or disguise a dry burrito. I get the quesadillas when I am forced to go here.  The quesadillas are great, but a bit pricey for the portion.  Who can really mess up a quesadilla though?I hate the line.....What anyone could say has already been said.This place is small, but it gets crackin' almost every night, which isn't bad since the orange sauce is dopest thing to happen to Mexican food. After using it, it's like the sauce is essential for eating at other taquerias which don't have their own special sauce. It's just annoying that whenever they see you're finish with your food, they swipe your bottle away with the quickness! I mean, can a guy chill for a minute before being intruded on?!I go here for late night craves when it's the only thing open, & plus I go to school hella far, so every so often I crave La Vics--it's a must when I get back to SJ.And for all the disses on the orange sauce being the only good thing that makes their food good.. That's why the reviews here are for THIS place & not for any other taqueria with their eminent, non-exclusive Tapatio or hot sauce. The orange sauce is a La Vics asset, & that's why it matters.Two words: Orange Sauce. That pretty much sums up the true reason I come back again and again to La Vic. I don't know what drug they put in the orange sauce but it is the greatest sauce I've ever had...and I don't like spicy things usually. It's a combo of spices and cream. Otherwise, the food is more or less decent. The burritos and quesadillas are filling and pretty good. I had the torta the other day and though my b/f liked it, I wasn't impressed. It was just steak, lettuce, tomato, and salsa. Guac and sour cream was extra. Most of the time I get a veggie burrito. Prices are not bad for the amount of food you get though I think they recently went up in price. The place is little so you may not find a place to sit and eat and parking is where ever you can find it.I went for my first time last night after night class, and it was amazing. My friend took me and we had to wait for a while for our food. He said it normally does take that long, but I was patient enough to wait. I think the orange sauce was good, but over-exaggerated. I am here to compliment more on the quality of the food. I've tried Iguana's, but their chicken quesadilla was not as good as La Vic's. I am definitely going back =) ! If I wanted to improve anything, it would definitely be the parking, but it's downtown, so what can I expect.I love this place!  I never knew how much I loved this place until I moved out of San Jose.  Now I must drive 30 min for some orange sauce!My favorite thing here is the lengua quesadilla...yes, that is tongue!  My husband got me to try it and I'm hooked!  It tastes like carne but is much more tender and juicy!  If you want the full flavor of the meat, get the quesadilla.  The burrito is just a waste of space with all the beans and rice. Lengua quesadilla and a bottle of orange sauce makes me happy :-DWe came here after the Golf Expo (which totally sucked) a couple of weeks ago. It was fast, cheap and a great place to watch people! A great variety of people, students, blue collar dudes and even the occasional family! I'm sure that everyone else has mentioned this, but they have the best orange hot sauce! It's so good there's a bottle of it in my fridge now! Definitely a keeper on the burrito/quesadilla goto  list.Came here to grub after attending a SFIAAFF screening at the Camera 12 at the recommendation of my brother.  The menu offered most of your usual fare of burritos, tacos, enchiladas and quesadillas with a decent selection of meat. I went with 3 enchilada platter with al pastor while my friend got a burrito with carnitas.   My pastor was fine, but it definitely benefitted from the addition of the orange sauce.  Throw some of that orangey goodness on there and all of a sudden, the dishes went from average to something amazing.  I wanted to rub that orange sauce all over my body, it was so good.  It adds a bit of richness, a little kick and packs a ton of flavor.  The restaurant itself is kind of cool.  It looks like a converted house where the former living room is now the dining area with a counter and kitchen at one end.  The tables and such looked fairly clean.  The prices were very reasonable; definitely aimed at college budgets, which I can't complain about.  Their bottles of orange sauce seemed a bit pricey, but after having had it I know now that it's not without reason.  I just wish I picked up a bottle before I left.  Oh well, I guess that gives me a reason to head back.This spot looks like its someones house.... its a little dining area... so you can post up on the front porch just like in the hood and eat your burrito and drink your coke from the bottle and people watch in the front...What makes this place is the orange sauce... you can put it on anything and everything...  if you want... you can buy it by the bottle...If your ever in San Jo... come out and check this little spot out..  its worth stopping by after a night of binge drinkin... ;)So, the boyfriend & I woke up one day & decided that we wanted breakfast burritos. LA VIC'S comes to our rescue!& oooh boyyyy, were they delicious! A pretty decent size for a breakfast burrito, it was packed with food in every bite. On top of that, the tortilla was perfectly crisped. So, when ordering a breakfast burrito, you have your choice of chorizo, ham, potato, or cheese. At $2.75 each, I think it fits the bank, seeing as how everything else on the market has gone up in price. You certainly get the amount of food you're paying for.  The BF & I ordered breakfast burritos with chorizo, and they were mighty delish! Stuffed with egg, beans, rice, chopped bell peppers, & your protein choice....mmmmm mmm. We were certainly satisfied. Topping our burritos with orange sauce & downing them with a large Horchata drink, it was the perfect breakfast & just what we were craving. At 10:30 am, there weren't that many people there so we ate in peace. And the owners were so nice to us! Very friendly people. I still wish they'd give the first basket of chips & salsa for free. But a business has to make their money somehow. La Vic Lovers, signing out. We'll definitely return to this place to satisfy our burrito-sized appetites!I don't go to this location as often as I used to when I was at SJSU. Food is great, but seating is limited. The service here is better than the other location on Santa Clara.  The orange sauce is awesome!DELICIOUS! I love my super steak burrito. Mhmm Mhmm good. The Orange Sauce is too hyped up and surprisingly, I'm not a fan. It's OK and not like to die for. I'll occasionally put it on my burrito.One HUGE negative: parking. It's a bitch to find a space. There's a Jack in the Box I think, nearby and they don't allow non customers to park there. Oh, is it me, or is it overpriced?This was my favorite place while going to SJSU.  Tons of food for cheap and open late.The super nachos and super burrito with carne asada were my favorite items.  It's all about the orange sauce though...you can seriously eat that stuff on anything and it'll taste fantastic.I went here on a Thursday night w/ a group of my friends. First off, there is really no parking around so we just parked next door at the jack in the box. Then, the place was so packed that the line was to the door! There were no tables, so we had to eat our food somewhere else. The food is really cheap & it is decent mexican food. Although, the sauce really does live up to what everyone says. The blend of sweet/spicy works perfectly. The bottles which you can buy are $6. All in all, its really not somewhere I'd want to eat at, maybe take out for a quick meal... but you can find much better quality mexican food elsewhere.I don't know what happened, but the last time I went here it wasn't that great at all!!! I normally order a Carnitas quesidilla and it would be full of meat cheese and I would put that good ol' orange sauce on to top it off, but this last time there was probably a dash of cheese, and about a pinch of meat. It was the saddest looking thing ever. It was probably a bad night because it was busy, but still i was really disappointed... not only that but good luck finding parking if you're driving there... most of the time it takes forever. There is also limited seating so if you get there and there is no where to sit down, don't be surprised. The only time this place is good is if you live on campus or downtown, want Mexican food and cant drive anywhere. All in all I've experienced better...Aaaaaaaaamazing!! The orange sauce is ORGASMIC.I tried one bite without the orange sauce... and it just wasn't the same. I got the regular chicken burrito $4.95 (they don't charge tax!) - and it doesn't come with sour cream, cheese, or guacamole so the orange sauce was necessary. So I guess I'm writing a review on their infamous sauce instead of the actual burrito - cause I've had better burritos else where.I've been going here for years...so you know this place is good! This is one of the popular joints for drunk people to go to after a night from the club...which is their most busiest time.But honestly, I guess the only thing that makes this place special is THEE ORANGE SAUCE. If they didn't have the orange sauce....it would just probably be good burrito place..but not the best. They are well known for their carne asada super burrito. Probably THEE BEST BURRITO I ever had....aside from the california burrito in San Diego that is. But seriously, their burritos and quesadillas are pretty damn good. I haven't tried anything else, but I think next time I'll try the tacos.The thing that sucks is that they're stingy with sour cream and lime. It's like, "WTF man? I'm eating in your restaurant...you should provide me more than just a dinky ass amount of lime and sour cream?!". The La Vics on Almaden isn't as stingy...and less busy. If it wasn't so far away, I'd go there.It's alright. Place is kind of over-ratedBut that is one mean orange sauce.Mix their orange sauce with the burritos at La Costa on Monterey Rd... Heaven.yummy, delicious, heaven.You know what? I've had a ton of burritos throughout the Bay Area and Southern California. I've given plenty of other taquerias a chance to supplant La Victoria as the title-holder for The Best Burrito Horace Has Ever Had (TM).But nobody has stepped up. Not by a long shot.It's almost ridiculous how good La Vic's burritos are when they've got their A-game going. Rich, juicy lengua, paired with rice that's absolutely the perfect amount of wetness, imbued with heaps of flavor. Top all that off with a generous dollop of orange sauce, and you've got yourself perfection in food form.I've made peace with the fact that you're going to get rowdy ghetto-booty crowds here. The best way to skirt this is to come during odd hours, either right before dinner (at 5ish) or late in the evening (at 8 or 9). The place is much less crowded then, which is perfect if you're just looking for a quick "to go" burrito.The one thing about La Victoria that I can harp on is their inconsistency. Sometimes, the meat is a little dry, and the rice not as flavorful as you remember it being. But then you visit a while later, and it just blows your mind all over again.Just like most of the other reviews this place is all about the orange sauce!! If they didn't have the orange sauce they would get 2 stars. Another reason for 4 stars is that they are open late. Just go and buy a bottle of the orange sauce and sneak it in with you when you go to another Mexican place :)Two words: Orange Sauce. Nuff said.Real talk tho, the burrito is alright. I think I'm just too use to SF Burrito haha but Orange Sauce, is the bomb!I actually went again today and I don't know what they did different but I actually enjoyed their food. I got a super carne asada burrito with no salsa and ez sour cream. It tasted fantastic and was one of the best burritos I have ever eaten. A couple things I liked about the burrito: It is hot, I think it's the guac but something causes the burrito to be somewhat spicy(but not really). Also the burrito stays relatively warm. The tortilla it's wrapped in is twiced cooked, meaning it is crispy on the outside which makes for a fantastic crunchy, gooey flavor! I even ate half the burrito without reaching for the orange sauce! I hope this wasn't just a fluke, I will have to try again soon.....Drove down all the way from SF just to try the infamous orange sauce. The orange sauce-- it's amazingly really good. It's seriously the mexican version of sriracha sauce (and if you haven't tried sriracha sauce, you've gotta try it)! But the orange sauce here I would like to say has more of a creamy taste to it.... if that makes any sense. We aware that the workers are orange sauce nazis. They really make sure there's only ONE bottle of orange sauce at each table and quickly take it back behind the counter as soon as a table leaves.La Vics and I have had a secret love affair for many many years. From my young and 21 days, to my SJSU days, to now being a young professional and Downtown resident.Their food is ridiculously amazing and the orange sauce is even more insane... SOOO bad for you but it's well worth the high cholesterol.Though I do believe that it is their sauce that makes their burritos, La Vics is phenomenal. My usual orders and faves: Super Tacos w/ Asada, Veggie Quesadilla, Super Carne Asada Burrito drenched in Orange Sauce, Super Nachos w/ Asada, and of course bottle of Orange Sauce.The people here work really hard and are very nice even when it gets crazy busy during late night hours. They have armed security which is a bit sketchy, but they're there to manage the crowd late at night and to put any orange sauce stealers in check! HA HA.Everyone must have been to La Vics at least once in their life time!Like Iguana's, La Vic's serves an exceptionally sub-par burrito.I finally got to try the famous orange sauce, and while it certainly makes the burrito (which is longer and thinner than an Iguana's burrito) more palatable, it's not much to write home about. While I was waiting for my order, I watched this guy at a table with his burrito in one hand and a bottle of orange sauce clutched in his other hand. He methodically added a huge glob of sauce to each and every bite. Dude was hoarding that shit like it was gold, so I was initially very excited to try it.We couldn't figure out what the hell was in that sauce. It packs a nice amount of heat, and the flavor was interesting (in a good way), but wtf is in it? Looked a bit oily, I wonder if it's really made with chorizo grease.... either way, I won't be paying $6 for a bottle of my own.Downtown San Jose bar hopping is not complete until we end the night at La Vic's for some orange sauce.  Who cares what you order - the sauce makes up for it.  The food itself is average, but man.. that sauce is addictive! You can buy a bottle for $6 and eat it with everything.After hours, there's usually a big crowd (with security!).. seating may be an issue, but if you grab a burrito - there's no reason why you can't just stand outside, eat it with your friends, and talk about random stuff that happened that night.But take caution - the police are aware of the restaurant's "after bar" popularity - so make sure you behave and drive safe!The super quesadilla with beef drizzled with their infamous orange sauce is AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!! This place is great because they are open late. The greasy, crunchy, meaty, saucy goodness makes a great recipe that will cure any hang over.I just rated the other La Vics on Almaden Expy and must I repeat what I said? UMMMM... I was going to, but how boring would that be?I must repeat though that my friends definitely got me on that La Vics hype and I can't stop, won't stop ever dreaming about their orange sauce. THEIR ORANGE SAUCE!! *gasm [insert mouth drool here] It definitely made my burrito taste so much better. I. WILL. BE. BACK.This place on the other hand, it does get pretty crowded late at night because of all the bars, lounges and clubs around. I went during this time, after a good night out dancing my feet away at a club. What was really impressive though was their fast service during times like those. They do a really good job getting every order served. They were one with the quickness I tell ya.What bugs me though is that there isn't much sitting room, or even space to wait for your food. It's like I'm still at the club!... Just with the lights on. Hahah. People were sitting on the curb eating their food, that's how bad it was. And whoa, security even has to regulate the line that goes out the door. Waaaay too much going on. Forgave the place though, once I took a bite of the bit of heaven they gave to me. YUM!I don't like Mexican food much, but this is the one place I'll always eat at.If you're going to try their quesadillas(which you've got to),  get the steak. DO NOT GET THE CHICKEN. It's really watery for some reason and the chicken is so dry. The steak quesadilla on the other hand is the best quesadilla ever. I love how crispy the wrap is. I sometimes just rip off pieces of it and eat it with the orange sauce. Don't ever forget the orange sauce. Everyone LOVES the orange sauce. It's a bit spicy, but once you try it, you'll wish you could add it into everything you're going to eat. I don't know how much it is, but you're able to purchase your very own bottle of orange sauce. I recently heard they now have green sauce, which is supposed to be a lot more spicy. My friend tried their nachos once and she was very disappointed. It got soggy really fast and every topping they added was just too much. She also got the strawberry agua fresca and it was delicious and hydrating. There were a lot of seeds on the bottom of the glass, though.I really don't know what all this hype is about with this orange sauce. Went here with my sister for a burrito and to try the orange sauce. I was looking forward to going here and trying out this sauce on a burrito. We order and pick up the food from the front when our number is called. First off, my sister's burrito was improperly wrapped so it ends up in her basket looking like it's getting open heart surgery. Not a huge deal, but inconvenient. I don't think I've ever had that happen in all my burrito years, and i've had 20+.I got an al pastor super burrito. The burrito is quite big. We got a bottle of orange sauce and a bottle of the green salsa. I asked if they had any red salsa, and they said no. WTF kind of burrito spot has no red salsa?! I'm used to red and green salsa, plus whatever else kind of salsa there is. I was not pleased as I'm not a fan of the green salsas. So we start to eat. My al pastor tasted kinda whatever, it was just like gobs of food, no flavors stood out. The pastor wasn't very good. I didn't notice much taste from the orange sauce. I'm willing to believe that the sauce goes better with something simpler, like chicken or carnitas? I also tried eating the burrito with that green salsa. It turned out to be ok, but not much better than the orange sauce. I didn't feel so good after eating here and that lingered for the rest of the evening...Next time I'm in San Josie and need a burrito, I will for sure go to Super Taqueria instead of this place.La Vicks is considered the bomb diggie mexican spot in the bay.  Friends from the bay cant stop raving about it, so it was a must stop on our road trip up there.  On the way from OC, we stopped by one of my favorite mexican spots in L.A. called Carnitas, which deserves 6 stars in my book.  After eating carnitas.. friend from the bay admitted that La Vicks doesnt have shit on Carnitas.  Ha ha.  Sorry, nothing beats L.A. mexican food.Around 6 hours later, we stopped by La Vicks (fast food mexican  twice in a row?  Kinda gross I know, but I wanted to show the bay friend wsup with L.A. mexican food and he wanted to show me wsup with this infamous La Vicks that everyones been ravin about). However, La Vicks IS pretty bomb tho.  Not 5 star bomb, but still made me go Mmm.   Orange sauce is pretty unique... but i gotta say that it tasted wutevers after having BOMB ASS L.A. mexican food... bay friend was even like "damn, i dont even wanna eat this nemore, Carnitas put La Vicks to shame"  L.A. ALL DAY!!!!    haha jk.But yea I gotta give it up for La Vicks.. pretty nomnom.  Didn't think norcal would have good mexican food.Love this place! I always have to drop by and grab me a burrito when I am in town.  There might be a wait but it is worth it. Also love the orange sauce.There was a time I was a SJSU college student and I couldn't resist going here where it was just off campus and I could walk to this place without losing a parking spot (where parking spots are a premium).This place was a staple of my diet and man do they have the best orange sauce ever. I have made attempts to re-create it but it is almost impossible. It makes everything good! Pizza, hamburgers, and most importantly it makes the La Vic's food better! Because the food here is honestly mediocre. Place is over rated, tables come at a premium (such as the parking in downtown). I think the nachos and burritos are ok and since I left SJSU I have not been back once. Walk around the corner and try Iguana's, the place has better food.Yum, yum, yum. One word- Orange sauce. Not the best Taqueria out there but I would say one of the healthiest. There is not a bunch of grease in my burrito, but then again i only get the veggie burrito. Bathroom and seating can suck but it's worth it. It serves breakast burritos so that is for sure a plus! : )Yes. (:First off, I ordered a burrito that was way too big for me to eat. A little dry, but still good. I am indifferent about most burritoes which is why I don't get them at chipotle, mainly because if you dump one ingredient on the side then it's not mixed when you take a bite. HOWEVER,Their orange sauce is good. not as good as people hype it up to be, but still good. I was satisfied (:Was visiting Nor Cal and apparently mexican food is delicious up there? Well being from Socal I have my own likes and preconceptions on how food should taste. That being said I came here due to the suggestions of my Nor Cal friends and yelp.I ordered a carne asada burrito and horchata. Burrito was A-OK, meat was made how I liked, crispy! The rest of the burrito tasted like a normal burrito. Yes I did add the orange sauce like I was told and honestly I thought it wasn't like anything special. As for the horchata, fuck that shit! Tasted like bubblegum tooth paste WTF?!So all in all this place was aight, portion was decent, prices slightly higher/average from what I'm used to. Hype level was way too extreme. Sure it's great for drunkies and whatnot though.I think the first time I had Mexican food was at La Vics. But this was also pre-San Diego fun times haha. Anyway, I always order the same thing - their super quesadilla with carne asada. I decided to indulge in a super quesadilla the other night after some exercising ;) and ordered my first La Vics dish since coming back from San Diego.The quesadilla was filling - lots of oil, grease, and yumminess, but I was a little surprised at how different carne asada was compared to in the Bay Area and in San Diego. Not to sound pretentious but San Diego is and will always be known for Mexican food north of the border. The carne asada up here will never be like the meat down south, don't know why exactly but this is what is dictated by my tastebuds.Anyway, this place is good, cheap, and fast & I'll still be back for their super quesadilla.Two words: ORANGE SAUCEWhenever I go to NorCal to visit my family, I always get requests from my friends down here to grab bottles of orange sauce. I introduced this coveted orange sauce to them one party night at my apartment and now they crave for more. I feel awkward going to the cashier to buy six bottles every time I visit. Though, I seldom am in NorCal anymore- so it doesn't get that awkward.Honestly, their burritos aren't that great. What makes it taste great is the unhealthy, yet sooooo delicious, orange sauce. FYI the sauce is quite spicy, but if a person like me who hates most spicy food enjoys it, you'll have no problem until you start tearing up a little bit halfway towards the middle of your burrito.Beef tongue wrapped in a flour tortilla with all the fixings of a burrito: standard fare, except for the orange sauce. I was the fool who politely declined the extra container of sauce because I ended up longing for the deliciousness that was with me a few bites ago.Tongue didn't taste as tongue-y as other tongue burritos did. More like brisket than anything else.One of my all time fav Mex spots in the bay area!!!It's sad I don't go to SJ often, but I'm glad my friends decided to stop by here after the Jo Koy concert last Friday at the Improv.It must have been prime time, around 11:30pm-12:30am, because it was super packed! It's a good thing the workers here are quick! They take your order and within minutes, your number is called and you're given one bottle of orange sauce!! Oh yea!! The orange sauce is THE BOMB!!! I swear everything here, from burritos to quesadillas are oh so good.....and topping it off with the sauce, it's Heaven!!  They keep a close eye on that sauce cuz they don't want people running off with it. So, right after you finish eating, and I mean literally just swallowed your last bite of your burrito or taco, they usually have a waitress come by and collect the sauce! LOL plus, they have buff scary looking security guards in the front just in case! You can always buy a bottle for $6 too.I love that they added whole wheat, spinach and tomato flavored tortillas! That just gave them the perfect 5 stars for me!!This place is not for those who want to be healthy. I've at the burrito before and my last visit I tried the breakfast. I had the chorizo and egg bfast burrito and added potatoes. The potatoes were an extra $1, too bad I barely got any. But the Orange Sauce made up for it. mmmmIt was a great late night meal, beware of annoying drunk people. They had a security guard there, whom I wished he did more than ask us if he could clear our table. Which was nice of him and he was a super friendly guy, but I guess I wished he would have asked the guy yelling occasionally to leave or keep it down. Alwell that stuff is expected. HINT: if you go late night, go before the clubs get out. (duh)We had the chance to visit this restaurant in the past week, and we have to say we were surprised about how good the food here is. We figured it was sometime along the lines of a high price taco bell, but we are glad it was much better than that. We did show up about 11:30am right before the crowds all arrived from all the downtown business, we are glad because this place is not too large and the tables get filled up fast. We were able to get a table and enjoy the food, but the one thing that did catch out attention was the orange sauce, very tasty and with the right amount of spices. We would return just for the chip and sauce, lol. One of the reason we are not giving this place a 5 star rating is due to the size of this place, and how crowded it does get, so unless you are coming here early before the lunch crowd or taking out and either eat in your car or someplace in one of the downtown parks. Otherwise food is good and reasonable priced.Came here last night.I ordered a regular steak burrito since I had no idea what to get ;\ Usually the only Mexican food I'd eat is Chipotle heheheIt took a bit but then again, the whole place was packed with FanimeCon-goers (like me) so that's fine. The burrito itself was ok; it had a lot more beans and rice than I would have liked and less actual meat.The orange sauce is amazing though.If you want to find your next favorite hole in the wall taco/burrito shop, this is it!! I just discovered this place, and I'm hooked. I got the wet super burrito, which had a light sauce on it (not just a heavy enchilada sauce!!). The chicken was delicious. It's busy, but they move fast. Their orange sauce is worth trying and has a creamy chipotle flavor. Not five stars because the guacamole more like a puree, and the nacho cheese is bland.LA VICTORIA TAQUERIAOrange sauce! That explains La Vic's in a nutshell. Standard burritos and quesidillas and other Mexican fare, but it's the infamous spicy orange sauce that makes this place stand out! The orange sauce is so popular that they even sell it in a bottle to go for $6! The fare itself is OK, but once you add the orange sauce, you're taken to a whole new world!The orange sauce was so good, the first time i came, i filled an entire water cup full of it...used it on my burrito when I left, and then drank the entire contents of the cup until 2am when it was clean and empty!The food is so-so, but add that magical orange sauce anything and it will transform mediocre food into fantabulous! Lengua burrito+sauce! After a long drive on the 101 coming from the south, the first thing that comes to my mind when I hit San Jose (first big civilization..gilroy doesn't count) i think La Vics!The sauce is so good, they even have bouncers guarding and keeping count of the bottles at the tables. I will even invest in paying $7 for a bottle to take back home.A small Taqueria in an old house crowded with hungry college kids. Stand in line and then hover for the food.Good but not great carnitas burrito. The famous sauce did not blow me away. I think this place was over hyped and my expectations were too high.The only Taqueria place that I crave after I've had a few drinks at night.  Everyone talks about the orange sauce but me, I like the green sauce over my lengua burrito no beans extra rice. yumm.It just gets crowded.This place is all about the orange sauce! I can't give you a review an honest review on their food because I always DROWN every bite of my burrito with sauce. I swear it's freaking crack brehbrehs, I've put it on my pizza, burgers, chicken nuggets, lumpia, eggs, and anything else you can think of. If it weren't $6 a bottle, it would be my new ketchup.I'd give this place at least 4 stars if they had more tables+seats available! I swear once you get inside, the first thing you have to do is to find an open seat if you're planning on staying inside. They usually have 2-3 security guards at night and an upstairs dining room.. I wish they would leave it open later. *Be warned: on late nights (1:30am - close) on Thursday-Saturdays, this place gets PACKED* All the drunk clubbers have their drunk munchies.Pro's- their carne asada quesadilla, obviously their orange sauce & late hours. Go to place for some grub and/or to sober up after a night of drinking & dancing. Con's- Rude service. Workers will literally watch & wait till you take your last bite... then immediately take the orange sauce away. Sheeeze! Rowdy/obnoxious crowds (at night). Parking can be a little difficult.I've been here a few times, and I haven't wrote a review! AHHH!Well to start off, my first time @ La Vic's I was starting this thing about being a vegetarian.. it didn't last long. 2nd time was a totally awesome experience. I came here with a friend back in summer '09. It was delicious and dancing in my mouth! Their sauce is pretty good. It changed throughout the past few years. It was less cheesy and yellow orange. It's seems like they added more cheese & mayonnaise. When i originally had their orange sauce was better. But I'm guessing they had to change their sauce to grab more customers. There's always a comparison between Iguana's & La Vic's. Always a constant battle since they're also on the same block. The difference I would say is the designs, presentation, orange sauce & not all meats are served. Lengua isn't served at Iguana's. That's one of my favorite types of meats to eat in Mexican food. One thing about La Vic's I really don't like, is their nachos. Their nachos are on some cheap-ass chips. And when you get their nachos with everything, these chips get soggy within the next 2-5 min of sitting there... And that's something I don't want to be eating. Cold soggy nachos... ewww. Not to boast or anything, but Iguana's chips used in the nacho's are hand-made and stay crunchy. But of course it gets soggy later later. Like 30 min later. Anywho, La Vic's you're still a grade B in my book. I still come here now and then but of course not all the time. Still good to grab fries & a lengua burrito :)I don't know what's so addicting about the infamous orange sauce. It's definitely got a spicy kick to it, but from what I heard, one of the secret ingredient is chorizo grease? Heart-stopping. Maybe because I was a first timer, I'm not accustomed to the frequent consumption of the orange sauce, to the point I develop an addiction. Came to SJSU for a meeting and met with a friend whom I haven't seen for 6 years. It was around dinner time and I was coming out of my meeting all famished. My friend and I went down the street where La Vic's and many other surrounding eateries are located. Perfect place for hungry college students not too far from campus. After hearing about the orange sauce, I had to see it for myself. I've lived in San Diego during my undergraduate years, so I've had my fair share of bomb Mexican food. To start off, we both ordered super burritos. I got mine with al pastor with no rice, easy on the cheese and sour cream (typical Socal-style). The burritos were indeed huge, even without the rice. Few bites in, there was so much oozy sauce and grease from the al pastor. The amount of veggies were very minimal, and the al pastor... didn't taste anything like I've had in the past. It was very saucy and grease started to drip out of the ass crack of my burrito. Along with the beans, it was like eating a bowl of chili. I then picked up the bottle of the orange sauce, put in a few squirt, "eh, it's aite". I'll stick to my San Diegan roots with their freshly made salsa.Good drunk food. If you're the type that loves their burrito on a messy and greasy side, this is your stop. Top it off with orange sauce, your arteries will forever hate you. Avoid the al pastor.I've always heard stellar reviews about this place from friends and I finally got the chance to try it when it wasn't bursting at the seams after the clubs let out.I got the super taco and it was delicious. I only had one but many people (mainly guys) may need two to fill them as a meal.The orange sauce was tasty and had an interesting kick to it, but I don't really get all the fuss about it. Also I hear it's made from the beef grease so it's got to be horribly unhealthy.Great taco, friendly service.. I'll be back but NOT after club hours when there's no room to breathe :PSuper overrated. I had the carne asada fries (with the famous orange sauce) and they didn't taste good. Food usually tastes 10x better when you're inebriated. This not tasting good is saying something. I also love horchata. I was also really thirsty. It was the worst horchata I've ever tasted. Seating is also a pain in the ass to find. I'm not coming back.Carne Asada Quesadilla (w/Flour Tortilla), no salsa. I usually ask for the guac and sour cream on the side instead of pre-clammed. And of course, a bottle of beloved Orange Sauce ready to drizzle on every bite. Carne asada is flavorful and tasty. Can't complain about the cheesy, stringy goodness. And the sinfully caloric orange sauce is something you can't pass up. It's kind of a right of passage eating here. Ah... Super cheap comfort food and delicious! Just do it. Diet starts the day after."You have to try the Orange sauce," says my good friend from San Jose.  My reaction: "Yum!"  Being from San Diego, you can get really picky since you're practically by Mexico, so I had to try this place out - especially after a late night at the bar.  I ended up ordering a Carne Asada burrito with some orange sauce to go.  My verdict...the sauce was great.  The carne asada...well, it was interesting.  I'm not too used to having no guacamole in my carne asada.  And the presence of beans, well it was interesting.  Other than that, I was satisfied by the garlic-ky spicy orange sauce.  I'd come back.  :)i didn't actually go in and eat here, but we bought the orange sauce and the orange sauce is crack. i love that they sell by the bottle. it can literally go with anything. it's crack. go get it.Also apparently the thing the kidz do these days is buy the burrito at Iguanas, get the orange sauce here, and BOOM EAT!I've tried and I've tried to like "La Vic," as it's referred to, but I just can't stand the saltiness of the food. The only thing I think is good is the sauce, which you can buy!im gonna make this short and sweet and to the point.  i been coming to la vic's ever since it opened 15 years back.  my friends and i used to go to bars and clubs a lot back when, and we'd always hit this place on the way back to their apt.  this is when before it got out of hand busy at 1am. - the orange sauce is good- great post club meal- the food is mediocre - it really is.  nothing too extraordinary about this other than straight up beans, rice, carne asada, etc.  (maybe thats why i like it; they dont push 'chipotle this-n-that' down your throat.- the burritos hit the spot, and its priced very reasonably.would recommend this to anyone.  i'd make this a must for those with the munchies after the bars/clubs.Both locations are fantastic. Service is usually very fast, and both the orange and green sauces are to die for. I love the breakfast burritos and even get them past breakfast time and pay the extra fee. The super tacos are another one I regularly order.Bland and overrated.one word hotsauce!!!!!!!Orange sauce, mirrors all over the walls and great food! I love this place!!!great for when you are drunk and its 2am!orange sauce FTWThe best place to have taco, and quesadillas than any other La Victoria I have tried. Cheap, good food and fast service!Love the orange sauce!But the restaurant is too small (cuz in down town and near school), and no parking space. But, it is all good, just order and go.The food is amazing. The chicken enchiladas with beans and rice were delicious, and the horchata was decent.The only time I ever go to La Vic's is when I'm tipsy, drunk, and/or completely faded. The food here is only good when you're coming out from the club or bars and looking for a quick spot to eat, other than that, while sober, it's pretty below average to me.I love the food. Delicious. The atmosphere is not my favorite though. Food comes fast and consistently good. I would definitely recommend.To be quite honest i used to think this place was awesome, but that was years ago when I didnt know any better. The sauce is definitely overrated and i have tried their nacho fries which weren't as good as they looked.(iquanas is better). Aside from their average burritos, this place can get quite packed and they charge you for refills....If you use the sauce there, they will quicky come and grab them the moment you are done with your food. I dont know but i get a nasty vibe coming here. This place is overrated and i prefer Iguanas since it is only a couple doors down. People come here because fo the sauce, but the sauce aint even that great nor is it spicy enough for my taste. Average at best.Have heard a lot about this place and was excited to finally sample it! It's in downtown SJ so finding parking can be a bit difficult. I admit I was surprised at how small the interior seemed once I arrived. Considering all the hype, I was expecting more of a sit-down spacious kinda deal.Turns out there is more seating upstairs but it was closed while I was there. Made it difficult for our party of 12 to eat together since you can't move the downstairs furniture around.Anyways, getting to the food: WOW! I did a 3-Way split with my friends so we shared a carne asada burrito, nacho fries and a quesadilla de pollo. The burrito was good, the quesadilla was even better and the nacho fries were amazing. Horchata was good as well, though not particularly outstanding.Servings were pretty generous considering the low price. I appreciate that they were not stingy with the meats or cheeses, a crime I notice in other places. The orange sauce was good but I don't really get the hype. I think I was expecting something heaven sent because of the hype so it may have doused my enthusiasm a bit.The one thing I'll ding La Vic's for is the... side effect of their food. After consulting with some friends it was either the orange sauce or the nacho fries that were the culprit. I spent way more time in the bathroom then I would've liked the next day. Definitely wasn't feeling my best though I've suffered far worse.I'll swing by again and just be a bit more careful with what I get. Still worth the visit!Ok , this place has got to be THEE place for drunk dining in the south bay, if you need to get a bite to eat that has a kick, the orange sauce and green sauce on ANY item at this late night spot will definitely satisfy your mexican craving after a night out. They also have nacho fries but if you've been to San Deigo I wouldnt recommend those cause they use a diff cheese on theirs , other than that, everything is really great!Like many, I'm addicted to the orange sauce and have been happily enjoying the simple black bean & cheese burrito (drenched in orange sauce) here for years. However, today I tried to get fancy and try "the specialty." You'll see a carefully-laminated food review about the beef nachos next to the cash register. It waxes poetic about how special they are, how the nachos stay crisp, etc. I don't know why I thought that they would put actual cheese (rather than the soupy ladle of orange "nacho cheese") on them - maybe that's how my other favorite taqueria does it - but not only do the chips not even stay crisp for that 3-block drive to the radio station at Almaden & San Fernando but also the guacamole is that weird-looking puce-colored goop that may or may not have actual avocados in it. Also, the super nachos are $8.65 and the regular nachos are something like $4 - but the regular nachos are just jalapenos and the afore-mentioned "cheese" (that orange liquid really isn't cheese). Do the super nachos have jalapenos? No. Booooooo. Not the grossest thing I have ever eaten (but I've eaten natto) and it certainly wasn't a culinary experience worth nearly 9 bucks. From here on out I'm only getting the $4 bean & cheese burrito and drenching it in orange sauce. The orange sauce really is spicy, garlicy, exceptional liquid-orange heaven - unlike the "cheese."It's the sauce. The burritos are average. The tacos are pretty good and so are the enciladas. The plates are decent. BUT if you can't take the spice, then the orange sauce won't be that good to you either. Tastes like a mix of mayo, hot sauce, and something else. The one that people rave about or hate is this one, not the one a few blocks away. Go at lunch, portions seem bigger and juicier, probably because at dinner until 3am (primarily on weekends), the place is packed by bar-goers and SJSU students (like me). This is THE place to go for late night munchies though.Credit card is $6+ only. Coke can come in glass bottles.Fountain drink refills are... I forgot.Order anything there as long as you pour on the orange sauce.  That stuff is ADDICTING...in a good way.  After you try it, everything else you taste you'll find yourself thinking "This is good...but it'd be better with orange sauce."  My sis had some for the first time and then was making a chicken casserole thingy for a dinner she was doing and she tried it and said that all it needed was a little orange sauce.  She's hooked too!My friend from Seattle was asking me to send her a bottle.  Yes, it's THAT good.The only thing stopping me from putting up 5 stars is the almost always hard time finding parking.Orange sauce. FTMFW....but the carne asada isn't too good when you bite into a hard piece of GRIZZLED meat. ...well, at least La Vic tastes so good when your drunk.The Burritos here are so freakin' good! The ORANGE SAUCE is key though, without it the food is mediocre. I don't know what the sauce is made of but it is oily, but awesome!The  carne asada is usually pretty good. I have had maybe 2 burritos there that had some fatty meat.I usually can get away with splitting a burrito with a friend and I can walk away full.  The quesidilla's are deelish too, especially if you can't finish a huge burrito. As for tacos, they are a bit overpriced and not as good as the Mexican taco trucks.Line is usually long, especially in the late night with the after clubbing crowd pouring in on the weekends. I have seen so many altercations, fights, etc. here so I wouldn't suggest going here past 10pm, unless you want a show. I am drama free so I avoid this place late at night.La Vic's has got to be one of my FAVORITE places to eat in all of San Jose. Found out about this place as a Freshman at SJSU!! It was a straight shot from the dorms through campus to get there. They're open till 2am (well 1:20 is when the start locking the doors to avoid ALL the DRUNKARDS:o) They key to this place is the Orange Sauce!! I'm not sure what the heck is in it, but I've never been anywhere else that could duplicate it. I've even bought a bottle a time or two. So whether you're grabbing lunch, dinner or a late night alcohol soaker head on over to La Vic's.They're burritos could use a little more love, but their super quesadilla's are awesome! Squirt a bit of orange sauce on anything sold there and you're set!Best food after a night drinking in downtown SJ, hands down!I'm looking to buy an I.V. drip of Orange Sauce.Super Burrito no beans or gauc.Two Corn Quesodillas without Salsa.HELLA Orange SauceMy order all the time never fails me. Its great living only a few blocks away.Parking could be a lot better though. Well I guess thats what I get for living in Downtown.If the food isn't memorable, it wasn't worth digesting. I can't even remember what it was that I ordered when I went here for the first time. The seating sucks, for real. Better bust out some lawn chairs out front, or you can have a sidewalk picnic. 60 cents for a soda refill? But the soda machine is self serve, it SHOULD be free refills.Who's going to stop you from refilling your drink? These guys probably make tons of cashola, they should be able to hook it up with a free refill. I guess you can hit up the nearest Jack In The Box, or Mcdonald's, get a large drink, and fill up your styrofoam La Vic's cup. Come on, there's hungry/thirsty college kids out there yo. Gotta pay that rent, gotta pay them bills, etc.Lets just say this place is nothing without its sauce!burrito is horribly dry and packed with rice (very little meat).  Quesadillas are good but outrageously oily.  Just make sure to drench everything with the orange sauce and its delicious.  also extra points for being open late  Beware though wait can be pretty long sometimes with sjsu students, club goers, and late night munchies.Just like everyone has been saying.. It's all about that ORANGE sauce.  If it wasn't for the sauce, I probably wouldn't care to come get a burrito.There's nothing to spectacular about the food.. it's aaa-ok but the sauce makes it so much better.  I usually get the carne asada burrito.  Oh and if you craving a breakfast burrito, they have a pretty good deal for one.. if I remember correctly.Tips: -ask for extra packets of orange sauce if you're getting it togo-try to avoid the lunch and after club hours crowd because this place is smaaalll and you won't be able to find seats that easilyIf you're in the mood for Mexican and you're studying at MLK, it's five - no, three, minutes away and have decent-to-good food for a eye-oggling low price. They're inconsistent, but the naranja sauce ain't. No, it's not life changing. Yes, it's what La Vic's is known for. Yes, it's tasty. Yes, it'll brighten up that burrito in a jiffy. No, it's not life changing.I wouldn't drive over there to get food, but if you're in the neighborhood and want Mexican food and not Jack in the Box, go here. :DThe orange sauce does not justify this place getting four stars.  It is good, but nothing is better than tenderly cooked, well seasoned meat.Don't get me wrong, this place is good, compared to a lot of taquerias around the bay.And here is where the problem lies for me, I am comparing this place to all the taquerias back home, in SD.Consumed a super chicken burrito at this establishment. The chicken was plain, but the cheese and other ingredients made up for it. Will definetely come back again. The breakfast burritos look like a good deal.Two words: orange sauce.Orange sauce. Wish they were more generous with it though. Otherwise, great place to hang out and eat.Pretty cheap too!I've been eating at this taqueria religiously for over 3 years now. In my opinion, you can skip everything else and just stick with the Super Tacos or Super Quesadillas. This is good food (in an unhealthy, but comforting kind of way) at a good price. Two Super Tacos and a bottled drink for under $7.00. I won't even go on about the Orange Sauce, I'm sure everyone else already has. This is the kind of place that you can stop in, any time of the day, and be satisfied. Especially in the wee hours of the morning, after stumbling out of the bars. My testament to La Vics: I once went 3 days straight, eating nothing but La Vic's for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and 2:00AM snacks!The only reason I don't give them the fifth star: You'll find a lot of fat and nerve in the carne asadaI don't get what's the hype all about...I think it's OK Mexican food. Good and cheap for a college student. I like how they didn't forget to remove the beans from the burritos like I asked to. The super nachos, on the other hand, was kind of gruesome to look at and very messy to eat. The burrito was big and tasted great with the orange sauce, but without any sauce, it would have been a major flop. The horchata was gross, too sweet! it can't beat the flea market's!!! It also gets very crowded so it gets difficult to find a table. Also, very loud and noisy.Orange sauce is good, but in my opinion, not great enough to make me drive all the way back to downtown SJ.college food...If your looking for mediocre Mexican food followed up with a lot of hype la Vic's is the place. Don't get me wrong I just call em' like I see em'. La Vic's is great for a late night early morning munchies stop. The food truly is nothing to write home about, yet "THE SAUCE" the legendary orange sauce is great. It is like any other Mexican cream sauce but they twist it and use ranch instead of sour cream. The sauce is good on any and everything. Their restaurants do get pretty packed in the evening and early morning. It is everything that you would expect from a college Mexican restaurant.Everytime I visit San Jose I go to La Victoria.  My friend introduced it to me, and basically the Orange Sauce is what it's all about.  The rest of the food is your normal burrito, taco, or other items.They would have received a 5, but the last time I went my friends chips were stale.  He told one of the workers his chips were stale, and she said 50 cents?  He was perplexed for a second and said again, the chips are stale.  She then replied, what do you want me to do, the stuff is already on them, and then proceeded to walk away.We didn't know if she was going to do anything about it, so when our other friends arrived one of the guys took it to the lady to get new chips.  They were better, still not super fresh, but we didn't have to pay 50 cents for fresh chips.  That was for the refill.  Yes, refills are not free.A random guy also sat at our table. I looked at him and said I had friends coming, then he left.  It was on odd experience last time.If you're looking for a big burrito and want to try their sauce, go to La Victoria.  I can't guarantee you'll get fresh chips.I was introduced to this tiny little place sometime back. The place is stuffed with the SJSU students. Why I like this place? Couple of reasons: Orange Sauce, Cheap, Quality food, Open late hours, College crowd!!Just now returned from there after a $3 dinner :) (a chicken taco and a side of chips/salsa). I've had their Burrito in the past, which is pretty good. Anything that gets topped with the Orange Sauce tastes good. Must enter if you around the SJSU area in the bat hours.The only thing good about this place is the orange sauce and if you really eat too much of it, you'll feel very bloated. The meat itself that goes into the burritos is very dry.  I've tried the chicken and pork, both are dry.  Without the orange sauce this place sucks.  With the orange sauce it is average at best.If it wasn't for the orange sauce I would've given this La Victoria two stars. Yeah. I'm pretty sure the drunken and/or potheads at SJSU will call this place heaven.But it's far from it. My first experience with this location was okay. The line is usually ridiculously long so expect to wait a few minutes during busy hours. My asada burrito ended up with a 60/40 ratio of meat to wrapper. Maybe the cook was having a bad day, but this does not fly with me. When I order a burrito I expect to have a bite that's full of filling. Not tortilla. It was a tad bit pricey considering the size of it. Furthermore,ki additional drink refills cost 75 cents per glass? BOO-URNS!!!Like I said before their much talked about orange sauce saved an otherwise decent meal. It's got a bit of heat which works well with anything. I don't see myself going back to this location anytime soon.This place used to be very popular, but i think they became to popular and busy that their quality of food has gone down. I've eaten here about 3 times. I always order the burrito which is so so, not the greatest i've had. I think the only thing that makes this place special is their "special sauce" which doesnt even seem that special to me. I wouldn't go out to this specific place if i wanted food, but if i was nearby and need some food, i would consider this place. Although its in downtown, there are many other choices available.Not sure what happened with La Vics.  Just isn't as good as it use to be.Meats don't have much flavor.  Lot of fatty pieces.Corn tortilla for their tacos aren't soft enough.Burritos have nothing special going for them.Orange sauce even dropped in taste/flavor.* I would only order the carne asada super nachos.  But even then I'd rather go to Iguanas and get their nacho fries.I'm not sure why it's still swarmed with people.  I've moved on to bigger and better Taquerias.  Good bye LaVics.The spot for good burritos! Not the biggest in sheer size, but once you add their orange "la vics" sauce, you will be kissing your fingertips [while grabbing a cup of ice water]. Their nachos are pretty tasty, heaping, and of course great with the said orange sauce. I usually hate traveling over 15 miles for food but i'll drive 30-45 min to get a la vics burrito. Extra sauce please!Oh and btw, go spartans!This is the BEST DRUNK FOOD ever! If you grab one of these nomnom burritos and the LA VIC SAUCE you'll never have a hangover the next day! hahaha! It's a proven fact!The only time i really come here is after clubing in downtown San Jose. I never really been here during the day. Usually its hard to find a seat here and the lines are long,. The perfect strategy is if you have someone look at for a seat and someone order the food. It works almost all the time! hahaIf im drunk enough ill buy two of the Orange Sauce bottles, which is $7 each. haha, but i usually get one each time i go here! Its worth the price and last pretty long! You can use the sauce on just about anything! Trust me! hahaTwo words: ORANGE SAUCE!Without the sauce, the burritos, tacos, etc. are actually quite bland and not at all exciting. I've had some waaaaayyyyyy better mexican food here in San Francisco. But if you just put some sauce on that bad boy, you got yourself a miracle. It's like you weren't even eating that bland ol' burrito. For those that don't do well with spice, sorry to say but this sauce is a bit spicy. So I suggest not even bother eating here if you don't plan on eating your food with the sauce.All I have to say is, thank goodness for their orange sauce!Btw, the orange sauce is good with anything! Burritos, pizza, nuggets, chips.... Try it! You'll see :)4 stars only because I hate parking next door in the Jack in the Box parking lot and running before the security dude for JBo makes me run in and buy a drink just to park my car there. Other than that, 4 stars because the hour long drive there is so worth it.I tried La Vic's for the first time a little over a year ago. We got there at around 11PM on a Saturday night and surprisingly the line was not as long as I expected it to be. I ordered the super carne asada burrito and find myself ordering the same thing every time I go there 'coz it's just so damn good. Their famous orange sauce is no joke. I bought a bottle the second time I went there and trust it didn't last very long in my house since I was putting it on almost everything, LOL. IMO the ultimate experience would be a super carne asada burrito from El Farolito in the Mission drenched in orange sauce.. YUM. But I do love La Vic's and I make it a tradition to make a pit stop to grab a burrito and extra orange sauce every time I'm in San Jose. That reminds me.. I do need to pick up another bottle. Mini road trip anyone?You know going to La Vic's, it's either really late at night and/or you are too drunk to drive home and/or starving. I've been here in both situations and I highly recommend coming here with a few drinks because, honestly it will taste better. The infamous orange sauce. It tastes sooo good. It's indescribable.I really like their quesadillas. They are so crispy and delicious. I've never had one this crispy before. It's like a chip, only better. I hate that they don't give out free chips and salsa. What kind of taqueria is this?!Still an awesome place. And the ladies working always seemed pissed off. But whatevs. I'm here to eat.Still a fan. Went after a night of beer pong at Tres Gringos (spectating, unfortunately) and my carne asada quesadilla was on point. Yum. SPICY.The bathroom was a fail though. Gross. Just hold it.Not sure what the La Vic hype is all about. I've been here several times and I find the food bland. The orange sauce is good, but I'd rather go somewhere else and get Mexican food with some flavor. Its pretty quick and cheap, but if you want good Mexican food, don't go here.I love the orange sauce. For some reason that's the only thing that has remained true to quality since the days when I ate here in college.Got a veggie burrito here last night and it was awesome! If you have to chose a non-breakfast food item then burritos and quesadillas are the safest bets.Also got the super nachos, for some reason I was craving nachos but forgot how god awful they are here. Everytime I get them the chips are stale. Not like they've been sitting out all day stale but they're still good. I mean stale as in you losing a dorito in your couch and find it x amount of months later and out of curiousity or slovenliness decide to eat it. Don't judge me and my couch chips.They don't have their own parking so you have to "secretely" park in the Jack in The Box parking lot.No matter how small this place is.. They are quick with your food & duhh! The Orange Sauce!!!Definitely had better! I can't even begin to grasp how some people can even give it a 4 star. I mean it taste good. But not good enough to worth 4 stars. Maybe 3+ at most. I used to come here back in '05 and '06 after my friend introduced me to it. I LOVE the orange sauce! I usually use about 3/4 of the entire bottle for a super burrito. Yes, i am a saucayyyy kind of guy lol...But I have noticed their food quality has been diminishing lately. (around '06). Their portions got smaller, the meat tastes dry most of the time and somewhat old at other times. They also up'ed the price on all the items after one of their store's caught fire (don't recall which one) so I am assuming that's why they jacked up the price.To be honest, there is a better place called Iguana's just around the corner. The price difference is about 30cents or so, tastes fresher, and  packs it super full. They also have their special orange sauce with black pepper and tastes a lot more spicier than that of La Vics. See my review on Iguana's.La Vic is always related to alcohol somehow.Either a super burrito after the clubs or crispy quesadilla the next morning for a hangover cure. It is open till 3 am.I've been coming here since I was a freshman at SJSU and sometimes it disappoints, sometimes it surprises, but usually - it hits the spot. I almost always order the quesadilla with no oil and no salsa - it always makes it too watery. If you say no oil - it will be more crispy and not greasy.This is a pretty good mexican place. Very convenient from campus. The orange sauce is addicting. The burritos are only alright though if you take away the orange sauce. The nachos are awesome!As a side note, don't get the pastor, makes every thing soggy.This here is some good eatin'.Today, I finally got to check out all the hype, and it's well deserved. Twas about 1 in the afternoon and there was no line, but in a matter of seconds EVERY single person I had seen walking on the sidewalk while trying to find parking(the giant horde of asians, the cutesy couple, the hobo...) was behind me in line.The corn quesdilla wasn't exactly something to rave about.. it just kind of made me feel guilty for eating a slab of cheese, but it was pretty good.It was really the taco combined with that famous orange sauce that won me over. The beef was tender and perfect and my mouth was just very happy with what was happening.and it's true that they really are very protective of that sauce, very trict on one bottle per table, a worked actually pursued me and my friend back to our table to snatch away one of our bottles and give a disapproving look. Sorry ):So, yes, I'm a fan.The orange sauce is extremely tasty!!The food is just so-so but the sauce is what makes the food!I really do not think La Vic's even needs a review; it truly just speaks for itself or in this case, tastes for itself (if that makes any sense :p) If you know anything about San Jose, than you have heard about La Vic's and their epic orange sauce, which truly gives their food the best taste. Honestly, without the orange sauce, La Vic's would be just another Mexican place with average burritos, tacos, and other such entrees (sorry guys) But with that said, I always go back to La Vic's when I'm in town and partake in their orange sauce goodness. You can even buy your own bottle and take it to other Mexican places, though I do not think those places would be too happy.I like this location out of the three the best because it is just nostalgic . I can always count finding friends their and it is right by the University so their is always foot traffic, which plays a huge role when it comes to eating out. I like places that attract a lot of people and La Vic's does that very thing.I say GO! Try it for yourself and see if you agree with me; I know you will. Take it from me and the rest of San Jose and just know that La Vic's is the best Mexican place anywhere in the downtown area. Just don't count on getting free refills, those cost extra....sigh...Back in the Ice Ages when I was a student at SJSU I would frequent this place pretty damn often. But since then I've moved on to bigger and better things.... Most people say that the food here is mediocre and that the sauce is KING. I thought the same.... that is until yesterday when I had my first La Vic's carne asada super burrito in 3 years. It was wonderful. The meat was tender and you could taste that it was grilled on an actual grill and that it was fresh. I didnt even have any orange sauce with it and it was still amazing. I also had a quesadilla which was also really really good.La Vic's is definitely back up there in terms of quality of food!La Vics - a favorite past time during my college days spent in the South Bay.  My two favorite orders: Super Nachos and the Chicken Quesadilla and no dish from La Vics would be great without their special orange sauce.  Here's my reasoning of why I only rate La Vic's 3 stars as much as I would like to rate them 4.-I've been back in SF for about 4 years now and in that time I've probably gone about 3 times. Chicken Quesadilla ? - taste amazing the same just as I remembered during my college days. The meat in La Vic's tastes so ridiculously flavorful - it's seriously one of my hands down no doubt orders.-Super Nachos with beef or chicken - you can't really go wrong with such an order - chips topped with cheese, guac, choice of meet, sour cream and salsa? Zee best!- I used to swear by their special orange sauce and it seriously was one of my favorite reasons of why I loved La Vic's so much. I must say over the years of my random visits - it has tasted more watered down which then leads to disappointment.  I'm hoping that it changes because as a long time customer of La Vic's I can tell you - something is missing or has changed the taste in their sauce.1) ORANGE SAUCE!!!!2)QUESADILLA!!3)BURRITO!!4) Cute place.=)Ever since my family and I moved back to the bay area from sunny San Diego, I've been looking for a Mexican restaurant remotely CLOSE to my favorite joints in San Diego.  And that's when I was introduced to La Vic's.  My cousins (who are from the SJ), have raved about this place, and I sooo wanted to give this place a try.  Low and behold, this place really DID come close to SD's!  I usually get the carne asada burritos or the super nachos with jalapenos.  And a must is: THE ORANGE SAUCE.  I don't think I could EVER eat a burrito or nachos again without the orange sauce.  Because I loved the sauce so much, I usually have a couple of bottles in my fridge.  $6.00/bottle!  Not only does the sauce go good with burritos and nachos, but it's pretty darn good with a number of things as well.  I've used the sauce on my over easy eggs (yummy!!), on roast beef, on fried chicken, and on lumpia.  YUMMMMY!!  I would've given 5 stars, but I docked a point because it took me a while to find parking on the street.  If you want some great Mexican food, you have to at least TRY La Vic's, and don't forget the orange sauce!I remember when I was still in college, this place was on too much hype. Everyone always raving about this orange sauce. For me, a good mexican place has to have good carne asada meat. Even if the sauce was whack, as long as the meat is cooked right, season/marinated right - ITS ALL GOOD.Anyway, this place has good carne asada. I used to get the burritos but they would be too filling for me so I now get the carne asada tacos. And the talk about the sauce - it's true. The sauce is bombdigs! But I don't crave it or anything. Also, I heard the sauce is made out of mayo and the left over oils from cooking chorizos. I just threw up a little in my mouth thinking about it.WORST tasting burritos ever, but BEST place to eat for those drunken-after-clubbing nights!  In order for the food to taste decent, you must use the trademark Orange Sauce- now that is some delicious sauce!  It is a bit spicy though.  I wonder how many bottles of that get stolen each night!Since they open late night, this is the perfect eatery to feed your alcohol-filled stomach.  Everything will taste good now!One item I do like is the Super Nachos with Lengua (cow tongue).  Yes, sounds gross, as I once thought, but the meat is so soft and tender!  Drenched in nacho cheese, sour cream and guacamole, it's most likely pure fat, but oh well!  Eating that once in a blue moon can't hurt.I can honestly say that La Vics is one of the pride and glories of downtown SJ.  Located next to a tattoo parlor, the two-story house looks more like a converted home than a taqueria, which gives it that hole-in-the-wall feel that makes the food taste that much better.  Their quesadillas are some of the best around, but I almost always go for the Carne Asada super burrito.  I'm not a fan of beans, but for some reason, I would never ask them to leave them out here.  The tortilla is NOT cheap and powdery, like many other places, and all the ingredients taste fresh.  Though the burrito itself doesn't pack that much flavor, the famed Orange Sauce makes the burrito come to life in the most perfect of marriages!  It's got a spicy and tangy kick that'll make you want to immediately pay the $6 for a bottle of that secret recipe, but I would strongly recommend resisting this urge.  The orange sauce doesn't go as well with burritos that aren't made at La Vics.  Plus, you just have to give yourself every reason to come back for more!If I actually lived closer, I would have a legit shot at becoming the Duke.I walked in and all I could smell was some sort of cleaning substance. When I went up to receive my order the woman filling containers with the orange sauce I saw her do the most awful thing. She had sauce on her hand and wiped it on the pitcher to remove the excess. NASTY. &She had no shame. .I ordered the super nachos to go. They were really good but it was a bit too liquidy. About 2/3 of my chips were soggy by the time I got around to them. They were good so maybe I'd consider trying them again. . if I can overcome the lack of sanitation.My 2 star rating is for their food.  I started coming over 10 years ago and their burritos were really good.  But as of late, their food has been pretty bad.  Now I only come here when I'm in the area to pick up their ORANGE SAUCE!  Their orange sauce definitely gets 5 stars.  Put that sauce on a chipotle, Pancho Villa or homemade burrito and you've got yourself the ultimate burrito!restaurant = 2 stars (only because they carry their orange sauce)orange sauce = 5 stars!I have to admit that almost everytime that I'm in Downtown San Jose or whenever I'm craving Mexican food, I always come here. Their Mexican food is pretty good, but what really has me hooked is their orange sauce. I always buy myself a bottle of orange sauce for $6 each. This place is seriously a hole in the wall, I'm not going to lie, but the food is pretty good that it makes you want to stay and eat there.Been coming here for years, and its good and the orange sauce is awesome but lateyly I've lost my cravivngs for it. The sauce is still good but its more watered down now......but i would still take any friends visting from out of town to come and try it. hehe.The food...it's okay; nothing too spectacular. I normally get a Super Burrito with carne asada but I can only eat it every once and awhile. Most of the time the food is either really dry or really greasy. Not too crazy about their orange sauce either. I am more old fashion "Taco Truck" type of food so that is why I am never too eager to go to places like La Vic's or Iguena's.Sure, I would recommend this place for late night munchies, maybe.I miss la vics and its delicious orange sauce,no better place in SJ at 1am, or 9am... or 6pm....just go eat hereMy fiance and I decided to grab a bite at La Victoria Taqueria not to long ago and enjoyed ourselves thoroughly. We had both been there on separate occasions by ourselves but not together. We were lucky to have found a seat right away since we knew that the restaurant is known to have long lines and waits for open tables.My fiance and I shared a veggie burrito as well as a veggie flour quesadilla.  It was absolutely  delicious!  My fiance and I love spicy food and the orange sauce that came with our meal really hit the spot. I have to warn you the restaurant does not have a restroom so make sure you go before hand or visit one near by. I enjoyed the fun atmosphere, cheap food, and friendly service. I can't wait to revisit La Victoria Taqueria with my fiance again very soon.La Vics is Latin for Holy Grail. Seriously. This place is the Godfather of Mexican joints. If I were to describe this place in one sentence, I would say it's the "personified restaurant of Zorro cooking".  You interpret that how you will.Legend has it that there was actually indeed a FOURTH wise men bearing the Secret Orange Sauce made famous by yours truly. The Carne Asada Quesidilla was a popular dish among The Last Supper as it provides the perfect meat-to-tortilla-to-cheese ratio.Anyone who gives this place anything less than a four has obviously been persuaded by the antichrist (COUGH COUGH BETTY C.)Carne Asada Nacho FriesFresa Aguabe the bomb baby.ps. i can't mess with that orange sauce though. you either love it or hate it.I had to choose between La Vic's or Iguana's.  I went with La Vic's because everyone I knew wouldn't shut up about their orange sauce. The place looks like they converted a home and turned the living room into a restaurant.  Odd.Ordered:Super Burrito with steak (friend)3 super tacos with steak (Me)There was nothing special about those items but their orange sauce took it to a whole new level of goodness.  I was initially taken back when they handed me a squeeze bottle filled with the stuff but when I took a glance at the other customers I knew why.  Everyone was drenching their food with this sauce.  That's overkill because you won't taste the food.  Maybe it was their intent? Who knows?  All I can say is the orange sauce is a great accompaniment to the food but don't drench it.Great orange sauce. I really can't get enough of it!Two words: Orange Sauce. Ask for it when you get your food, and I promise it will change your life.But go to the "real" La Vic's, it is the one in an old Victorian house right by SJSU, next to the Jack in the Box, across the street from Yogurtland AND a Ben and Jerry's. The food there is significantly better!Also best drunchies! Open till 3 am!! Basically best mexican food I've had in my entire 21 years living in California.I love all the stuff they have. Burritos, tacos, quesadillas, nachos it's all good. It's tasty as hell, not the best ever but I really like it. What puts this place over the top is the Orange Sauce. It's just amazing. When I eat here I will buy some sauce for home so I can use that with my favorite taquerias at a later date. I also love the green sauce as well. They just know sauce. Sauce boss in the taqueria world in my opinion.Burrito plus orange sauce = amazing. Orange sauce is what differentiates this place!I buy a bottle at least of the orange sauce each visit here!the sauce, the sauce, the sauce!!! I put the s#*t on everything!the food is pretty good especially after a few beers. the aqua de fruta is the bomb! service is quiet and professional, not real friendly unless you can get them to laugh!ok this is gross....but you can see its real because i have my photos on my yelp profile. i ate there over a week ago and have been constipated since. went over 4 days no poo and over a week almost none. i have taken stool softener tabs, the max amount it says you can take on the bottle too and not working. i eat the same foods usually all the time and then ate there and this suddenly happened. i ate there in the past over a year ago and didnt have this happen. so i dont know if they changed something? using lard? changed the steak? i have no idea. but the food mos def did something to my insides. i will be seeing my doctor if something doesnt start flowing soon. lol but not so funny!Burritos here are pretty decent. But as everyone else says, it's the orange sauce that transforms the burritos to magical.La Victoria Taqueria is similar to Chipotle except it seems more authenticate. Great food, great service, and you definitely have to try their famous orange sauce.BEST FOOD EVER!!!The quesadilla with carnitas is SUPER!!Burritos are large and delicious.Super Nachos are soooo good. (spicy)Service is fast and efficient.This use to be one of my go-to burrito places when I was going to SJSU, but ever since I moved away from this area, I hardly ever eat here.I usually order their regular burrito with chicken and it is nice and tender. The burrito itself is ok but needs more salsa. Nothing amazing to be honest. The orange sauce is the best tasting and I think it's really the only thing that keeps people going back. Worst part of this place is that the workers 1. are not very friendly. Never even crack a smile or a thank you. And 2, they police their orange sauce.  Ok here's my story:Friend and I came here and actually ate at the restaurant on the bottom floor. We finished and my friend was still hungry so he decided to order another one and told me to hold onto the orange sauce and move upstairs because we can be away from the crowd for better comfort. So I moved upstairs and waited for him and while I was waiting, one of the workers came to me and was about to grab the the orange sauce without even asking if I still needed it. I had to explain to her that my friend is ordering another burrito and that he will still need it. Then she asked me if they have one. I said no because the first and only one we received is this one, and she walked away. When my friend finally came back, he told me another incident he just heard where another customer was hassled by one of the workers because they were asking for another bottle without returning the old one. I never ate at the restaurant back in college so I didn't know if they were always this anal about their precious sauce but this was my first time dinning in and wow. I'm surprised I was able to leave this place without a strip search.This review is for their nachos as I've yet to get anything else here. The nachos are some of the best I've had, and trust I've had my fair share. Tip: Get them to go as they'll give you much more in their to-go box rather than in their dine-in trays.We went there last night. I have been going there for a while and still think it's amazing! The super burritos are perfect with a soft tortilla and great things inside. The orange sauce was great. service was very fast for how busy it was.Let me first say that their food is really good. It is just the quality of their food preparation that really needs work. I went here for 2.5 plus years during school and the prices were really good and those breakfast burritos were very tasty early in the morning. They really need to work on their QA for food storage and preparation. They have grown successful on poor students and they should spend a bit of time making sure the food is healthy and well taken care of.Love the orange sauce!I first tried La Vics 5 years ago after hearing about the orange sauce hype. The food here is nothing special but the orange sauce is definitely what made it worth a trip. Having tasted the original orange sauce and comparing it to the new version they serve up these days is a joke. What they give people these days is a "vegan" version that's nothing like the one that made me a loyal customer years ago. A better alternative to La Vics is Iguanas right down the block with better food and sauce. Don't expect to see me back here until they've brought back the ORIGINAL orange sauce. (They could easily have a vegan and non-vegan orange sauce options if they want)Yum, Mexican! I love wet burritos and quesadillas when I'm in the mood for something heavier and more filling. I used to intern nearby so my fellow interns and I would come and beg for extra orange sauce. We ate in the restaurant once, but more often than not we brought it back to the office to enjoy because the seating is rather limited during peak hours. I have friends who go to school nearby and love coming here for a late night snack as well. I mostly come for the burritos and quesadillas, which, when packed up, is kind of like a multi-tortilla'd burrito.One of my favorite place to grub late night after drinking with friends.  Get the special sauce of course.  But go early, there's ALWAYS a long line if you wait till the bars and clubs close.food is delicious orange sauce is the bestalways busy so there's always lines prices are fairAside from the good customer service this place wasn't bad. The food was decent and the wait wasn't too long. The only reason why it gets 3 stars is because the AL pastor torta gave me diarrhea an hour later after eating it. On top of that I usually don't like taking number 2 in public restrooms. And I live in Oakland, which is at least a 50 minute drive away. And there was traffic which made it even worse. I would come back though so they can redeem themselves in my books.The food is okay, but the orange sauce is amazing!Not the greatest "dirty greazzy mexican" food...but its mad convenient and the orange sauce is legit. Go a little earlier before the clubs let out or ull be stuck in massive lines...even tho they do keep it movin quite wellThe burrito I had at this small establishment couldn't have garnered a two rating by itself. The only reaso,  b/c of the orange sauce (3 1/2 star sauce). Price = cheap. The meal for the buck is (not worth it).Atmosphere? where... here? Yes, it has that "nicer than a hole-in-the wall" feel, but it's really struggling for it... it has to be extra special (funky) to gain notice. The food. Below Average: The service. same.My opinion? It's like a kick in the stomach... which is better than a kick in the balls I guessSKIP IT! the La Vic on San Carlos sucks, but the one on Santa Clara is much better... (try the quesadilla)Yum... Carnitas burrito! Chirozo burrito!I've had both, both are very good. Price is cheap, and you get orange sauce.I don't know why people think the orange sauce is coveted.. but I'll still slather it on.The victorian location is nice, parking garage across the street, parking meters outside.I'll go back for more....I would strongly recommend the Pollo (Chicken Breast) in a regular burrito. Everything else is great don't get me wrong, but with the luck of the draw (I've been here 30 times now), you'll get some chunks of fat.I would definitely recommend you dine in if you want to get a "full" helping of the orange sauce, take-out = 2-3 tiny packages per burrito (you can pay 1 dollar for a few more), I can down half the bottle by myself.It could get really stuffy inside, if you're by yourself or in a small 2-3 people group i'd recommend eating on the porch. You still get the bottle, and it's nice and quiet, without all the screaming.Eat quickly! They like to bust the tables as soon as they notice your food is finished, mostly because the orange sauce is so good people take it home with them, but seriously... it's only $6 a bottle!Scrambled eggs with cheddar and La Vic orange sauce is my comfort food.The burritos are  so-so, but the orange sauce more than makes up for it.  Too bad they're in San Jose and I'm in San Francisco.Fortunately, I can buy the orange sauce by the bottle to take home.  Win.This is some good mexican food. I work downtown and its just perfect for a nice walk for lunch. Everything is reasonably priced and the burritos are full of meat!!! Oh so yummy! I've even visited early morning when you need that breakfast burrito fix. I'm not so keen on the orange sauce that they're famous for but others seem to love it. I do wish that they had more of a salsa selection.LOW QUALITY burritos, quesadillas, super nachos, tortas and food in general.Orange sauce is their savior. When I used to eat there every bite needed orange sauce on it, otherwise, again, the food sucks. soggy quesadillasstale nachosbland meatswet burritos (most of the fillings look liquefied, you can only tell what it is by its color) WTF is in the orange sauce anyways? It's a little spicy and has a creamy texture, reminds me of that japanese creamy salad dressing, but bright orange and a little spicy. Anyways, I'm over the sauce, so therefore I never ever go to La Vic anymore. You can get better stuff around the corner. BOTH CORNERS NOW. I prefer Super Taqueria tho, on 6th and Santa Clara. 2 stars for the sauce and reminiscing of my early SJSU years.This place has gotten worse every time I've eaten here for the past 2 years. The burritos come out very loose, and poorly wrapped leading to substantial burrito-hull breaches. The meat is becoming more and more bland, which necessitates more and more orange sauce (which isn't really that good).Service is also inconsistent. I once ordered a vegetarian burrito for my friend, and they made her a chicken burrito. Of course, we couldn't go back because the line was out the door.As both a blessing and a curse, I'm only in San Jose a few weeks each year. So coming back means the nostalgia of La Victoria - not a place I'll go if I'm only in town for 2 days or so, but if I have a week or more I consider it worth a stop. The orange sauce definitely makes it. Yeah, I'm a little abhorred to learn the contents after reading other reviews, but if it makes everything it touches better, can it really be all that bad? I find that the burritos are good enough to make a hearty, comfort food-type lunch in downtown San Jose. Only slightly better than Chipotle.I love it here in the summer too when it's nice enough to eat outside (as in, on the steps keeping flies away from your food and hoping someone doesn't step over you as the lunch rush intensifies). And that's important, since seating inside (especially during the lunch hour) is really hard to get. Parking is also a nightmare during the day; don't try your luck in the McDonald's, Jack in the Box, or any other surrounding lots and just go for street parking or the San Jose city-owned lot on 3rd and San Carlos.This place is like the In&Out of mexican food. When you're in the area, you must go here and introduce friends to a satisfying meal of super tacos and nachos, huge burritos, and amazing quesadillas. definitely a notch up from any of the best taco trucks I've ever had. and of course, the orange sauce is what really makes this place worth going back to over and over.I went here with friends after going to the club. It's open 24 hours I think. We went around 2am so we ran into the late night crowd. Saw a lot of people from the club go there, haha. San Jose state is closeby  so probably some late night students were there as well. Surprisingly enough there were like 2 or 3 dudes as "security" too. I guess it's necessary considering drunk asses roll in there late at night and need to have the whip cracked if need be. Plus the bathrooms are closed, inconvenient for us normal people who have to pee, but useful in case a drunk goes in there and makes a mess. But getting to the food, it was really good! I had a simple cheese quesadilla and damn it was delicious. The torilla was hot and crisp, the cheese was nice and gooey. It really hit the spot after starving all night long. If I'm ever in the area again, I will definitely be eating there.Yummy!!! Only 4 stars because it's NOT, in my opinion, authentic mexican food, but it was damn tasty! IOne of the best drunk foods ever, orange sauce is awesome!!! I definitely plan on returning and trying some of the other items when I am not so drunk, judgement may have been slightly impaired, but that burrito was pretty yummy!Probably everyone in San Jose has heard of La Vic's in downtown and their infamous orange sauce. I know people from socal who have even heard of it and are hooked on this place!I even took a vegetarian here once and she enjoyed it. Seriously?? I don't know why you would come here if you're a vegetarian, but whatever, haha.I always order the same thing, carne asada quesadilla...with all the goodies like guacamole and whatever. And it's always the same..pretty pleased after I finish it. Only thing is that it's pretty oily. Maybe that just adds to the flavor, whatever.Their tortilla chips suck though. I think it's bought as those giant 100lb bags from costco or something, huh? Can't expect much for 50cents or however much it costs. The horchata is decent, better than some of the other places I've been to but certainly not the best. The available seating sucks, but that's what you get when you're positioned across from a college...pretty much always a load of students in there.And of course, can't forget the vultures that walk around to make sure the patrons don't swipe the bottle of orange sauce. Seriously, they're totally shady with that shit!This place is pretty delicious. But I only come here for that holy orange sauce. My problem is, however, that the people at La Victoria think that they can fill a quesadilla/burrito with chopped iceberg lettuce and call it a "Veggie" quesadilla/burrito. Don't get it, even if you are trying to be healthy. If you don't eat/want meat, just get a burrito without meat. My friends and I have made this mistake and ended up with leaky quesadillas/burritos that we ended up tearing apart in attempts to salvage only the good stuff, like the rice and orange sauce.There has been much dispute over whether or not La Vic's notorious orange sauce is vegetarian-friendly. For all of the vegetarians out there, I can absolutely confirm that the orange sauce is not vegan. I tested out this divine sauce on my vegan and animal product-sensitive sister. It did not agree with her.  It absolutely has some sort of dairy product or egg. What I find especially disappointing is that the cashiers say "Sí," it is vegetarian. But I guess if the sauce seems too good to be true, it is.The burrito was alright, the Carne wasn't as spicy as I had hoped.  The *ALMIGHTY* orange sauce that everyone keeps talking about didn't make me flip my lid either.  There are excellent Burrito's in the bay area, but for all the hype I've heard surrounding this place it just didn't taste as good to me as I had hoped.The other big turnoff for me was the crowd.  Loud and obnoxious.  Lots of hooligans running around dressed in your typical "Hyphy" uniform, consisting of a sports jersey with matching cap, bluejean long shorts, and white tennies with oversized laces.  Even though they speak the same language I do, I feel much less intimidated with the vaqueros at Las Flamas.  I'll give this place another try during the day.  I probably was just here on an off night because it did seem really crowded the night I went.A bit overrated. The only thing keeping me coming back is the sauce, but after I learned what it was made out of, I come back less. The service is pretty horrid. The burritos are nothing to rave about either. Sometimes, it has a dry taste to it. Other times its super greasy. Don't get me wrong, its a good place to self indulge when you are craving mexican food, but like others have stated, there are better places. Pros:-good sauce-fun environment-hoursCons:-line times-service-food quality-space-no working bathroom3 out of 5 stars.Bad: Late nights could get really packed. Prepare for a line. Goodluck with parking.Good: ORANGE sauce is the best and the price is cheap.-The food itself is ok, but the sauce makes everything delicious.The food is too greasy and gives you heart-burn right after you eat it, so it is really unhealthy. I used to really like it, but having it quite frequently I see people blow up and gaining hella pounds. Besides from my understanding the orange sauce is made from pig lard/fat of some sort.I wouldn't recommend it, unless you want some quick and cheap and don't care about your health.I eat here once in a blue moon.Why?I kinda feel like this place has big servings for a lunch. Lunch is the time I would have probably gone here the most had I decided to continue my bad eating habits. However, I'll eat their breakfast burritos since they're a reasonable size. Orange sauce is a guilty, guilty thing to have, but it's a necessary when you're at La Vic's.Favorite spot to hit up after hours if I ever go to the clubs/bars in DT SJ - which is hardly ever, BUT their famous orange sauce is the bomb.  Damn sauce goes good with almost anything... fishsticks, chicken nuggets, ice cream - even La Vic's food!  Oh yeah, their burritos and food in general isn't too die for.... bland, dry - blah!  The quesadillas are probably the best item on their menu... drowned in orange sauce of course.  Just pick a bottle up and enjoy with your favorite food.  Ya dig!TWO WORDS: Orange Sauce!!!!!!My first experience with La Vic's was in downtown San Jose after a hardcore night of clubbing (as most usual customers of La Vic's). I ordered the carne asada burrito and was about to take a bite, when my friend freaked out and shoved a bottle of the signature La Vic's spicy orange sauce. The sauce MADE the burrito. Unfortunately I have to say the food at this place is really nothing special without the orange sauce.I have to say that this LA VIC's location is perfect for SJSU college students, their friends, and clubbers coming from across the street from either Club Wet or Brix. I am so in love with this sauce that EVERY time I go to La Vic's whether it be the restaurant or smaller location in downtown San Jose I ALWAYS buy a bottle for $6. The sauce goes with everything from baby carrot sticks to hard boiled eggs!Make sure you try the orange sauce, the delicious horchata, and the carne asada burrito. You can  never go wrong with that combination!One of the things I miss about living in downtown San Jose is being 5 minutes away from La Vics. I live in the East Bay now and I drive all the way to San Jose to eat here. I've purchased a bottle of their Orange sauce a couple of times and it doesn't last a week. I eat it with everything, chips, grilled chicken, rice, etc. Whoever invented the "Orange Sauce" is a genius!!!I love their breakfast burritos. It's so big and much less than their regular burrito. Try getting their breakfast burrito, Bacon and Eggs with no beans is a hit. Also, try the super tacos, super nachos and super burritos!!! Everything with "SUPER" is goood! Super has the "works"... sourcream, guacamole, etc. Typing this is making me really hungry.Of course, you can ask anyone who goes clubbin' in San Jose where they go after the bar/ club / lounge.. most of them will say La Vics. They are open late!!!!Service is fast, but I also have La Vics' number on my spee dial!!!I've been here twice, both on a weekend night around 2:00am. Both times I got a super burrito. Their burritos are good, but not the best in town. Their orange sauce is delicious! A bit spicy, which as a sriracha/tabasco addict, I love. You can buy it by the bottle ($6.00), which I recommend.I also recommend taking your food to go because it gets really crowded in that small restaurant, and there are a lot of drunk fools around looking for trouble. Last night, someone almost got into a fight before the security guards took him outside.Also, if you get your food late, they start kicking you out at 3:00am, even if you're almost done eating. It's wack, but whatever. The food is good.I personally think this place is overrated. There was a huge hype about this place when I was a Freshmen at SJSU. I tried it and it was a regular burrito place for me. Maybe because I'm not a huge fan of burritos, but I didn't think the orange sauce was "heaven" like what everyone told me. I usually order a quesadilla when I have to go along with friends. The place is usually packed with SJSU students with nowhere to sit. Always a lot of people outside at night. And always at least one ambulance or one cop parked outside at night.Orance sauce = Lard = Deliciousness!I have been hearing my boyfriend rave about La Vic's for almost 3 years now.  Being that mexican food usually isn't my first choice for a meal, it took me this long to try it.  I don't know what I was waiting for.  What a waste of 3 years!  I should have met her sooner.  Better late than never!We came to La Vic's for a late night snack after way too many green beer and irish car bombs.  The place was a mad house!  I guess everyone else was thinking the same thing.  Grease cures hangovers, and since St. Patty's day was on a Wednesday night, we all had to get a dose of grease to be able to go to work the next morning.  I ordered the carnitas burrito.  POW!  The first bite hit a hard punch.  It was so delicious, words can't even describe the mouthwatering tender peices of pork with all the fixins, not to mention the orange sauce.  Oh, the orange sauce... I could bathe in that orange sauce.  The carne asada quesadilla was equally gratifying.  The tortilla was crispy and as you sink your teeth into the crunchy outer layer, you then reach the ooey, gooey cheesy center with bountious amounts of carne asada.  Definitely the best quesadilla I have ever had in my entire life.I would have given it 5 stars, but I'm staying conservative with my rating since I was super drunk last night, and may have had beer goggles for food.  Will update when I visit La Vic's sober!!This was a tough review for me.  Heard a lot about this place, finally got to go.  Had the Al Pastor Super burrito and lots of extra orange sauce as instructed by friends.  First impressions?  One of the best burrito's that I have had.  A whole new spice and taste, and it was almost a bit Indian with coriander or who knows?  Nothing I've tasted before, fairly spicy, and highly enjoyable.Second impressions?  Terrible stomach ache and sick about 6 hours after eating.  I eat a lot of al pastor and very spicy foods and never have this problem.  1 other person in our group also got sick.  The rest were fine.3 stars until i go back, because man it really did taste good and even the salsa was at least spicier then most places.  When i return, if I get another stomach ache, I will be going to 1 star.  If I go again and it tastes as good as before with no stomach issues, I will be going to a 4 star.Bottom line?  If you can go there and avoid a stomach ache or food poisoning like my friend (were talking the full 24 hour deal), the al pastor burrito is the one the best I've ever had.Been coming here since 2002 and I didn't even move to San Jose until 2006!! Yeah, the 2 hour drive from Sacramento seems worth it. I love the food here. Quesadillas, burritos, tacos, it's all good. The multiple choices of prepared meats you can add to your dish is a major plus. I'm all for the super taco with carne asada, which in my opinion is the best fast food taco I've come across. Oh, I forgot to mention: ORANGE SAUCE! Back when I first came here in 2002 they didn't sell it or tell you how they made it. It was totally secret. My friend stole a bottle one day, left it in his fridge, and the next morning that stuff tasted totally different. Had no preservatives at all. Be happy they let you buy it now! Roommate stole mine. Bastard. Owes me another bottle of orange sauce!!Don't freak out about the wait, nor the bouncer outside if you're going to the one off 4th by SJSU, he's just there tell you how long the wait will be in line. And maybe to provide just a little bit of muscle. The wait is worth it, don't trip it won't take that long, and it's a bonus being open till 3am on the weekends.Go, enjoy the food at La Vics. Remember, ORANGE SAUCE!!This a good example of good cheep Mexican place that has secured it's place in the history of Downtown. In some students minds there is no other Mexican place. Its not great, Its good and Its cheep and the orange sauce will blow you away, and it will do so every time. La Vic's, we love you.This is the ONLy place I ate at on a regular basis while going to SJSU. Tips: Always order to go and eat in. The quesadillas are much more manageable and FYI, super nachos to go have way more chips/meat than the dine-in. Secondly, drink lots of fluids cause ORANGE SAUCE IS KING. Don't think about what's in it, just enjoy it. I'm happy they opened a place up in Hayward because finding parking downtown in San Jose is my forte. I always orderSuper carne asada quesadillasuper nachoslarge horchataGameover.Burritos and tacos look so average. But wait till you put some of that hot orange sauce on it. WOWWWWWWWWWWW ......I swar they can sell microwave burritos with those orange sauce and ill still go there. No joke, ive had plenty of mexican food but they go over the top with this sauce. Never had anything close to it. The service is friendly and they keep an eye on you just in case you steal their sauce bottles. haha ... new favorite place in San Jose. sauce me please ...I would've given this place 3 stars if it weren't for their orange sauce.  That's how much I like their sauce.. it deserves 1 whole star just for itself.  The burritos aren't much better than your average everyday burrito thought.  But I do like their quesadillas though, except sometimes they can get really wet and messy but I enjoy the taste of them, of course with the orange sauce.  I remember it being much better back a few years ago... maybe they changed management?So I usually go here if I'm craving their food and sauce or if my friends want to go here, though I always have that problem deciding if I want a burrito or quesadilla so I just end up getting both =D.Not hating on La Vics, but if you can get your hands on a bottle of orange sauce try it on the burrito or carne asada fries around the corner at Iguanas.  You'll be pleasantly surprised.I've lived in San Jose for pretty much all my life, and so I've heard the verbal raves: orange sauce this, orange sauce that. I finally tried it, it's not that crackin. I mean, it's good, but if it's that great, it should meet the hype, or at least, come somewhere close. The burritos, tacos, and quesadillas are pretty average, and the orange sauce gives it an edge, but I could easily eat it sans sauce and be equally happy...An old college hang out for me. This is the best place to get a burrito in San Jose. You have to have the orange sauce when you are there, no doubt about it.Anything on the menu is great and the sauce makes it better. You can ask all the staff and none of them will tell you what it is made of.Open early and open late, you can't go wrong with the food here. I've even taken clients from other countries here to eat, and they will all ask me to take them back here.Came here on a Friday afternoon with a couple of friends. I had been here several times before and the food always seemed rather average to me, and this time around didn't change my mind much.I ordered a super burrito with carne asada - the staple meat of Mexican cuisine. The burrito itself isn't anything spectacular; the tortilla was overcooked, so soft to the point that it got soggy from the juices inside the burrito. It also wasn't wrapped tightly enough, so my burrito ended up falling apart about halfway through. The carne asada itself is very juicy and full of flavor and is probably the best component of the burrito. Beans are about average, while the rice was also overcooked and very mushy. The "orange sauce" is what most people rave on and on about. Personally, I thought it was amazing the first time I had it, but after the second or third time it really doesn't seem that special. It has a tangy, cheesy taste to it with just a little bit of kick. It's not bad, but it's not the best thing ever, either. I prefer standard hot sauce over their "orange sauce". If you like to go out for Japanese food and order massive rolls filled with deep fried stuff and drenched in sauce thinking that it's "sushi" (by the way, it isn't sushi, so stop calling it that), then you'll probably love the orange sauce at La Vic's. I'm more of an old-fashioned, authentic, tried-and-true person, so I'm not a big fan."La Victoria" is a fitting name for this joint, as it's literally a Victorian-esque house. I'm not sure if it used to be a residence prior to becoming a taqueria, but the place looks like it's been around for quite some years.  Parking is a pain; there's a Jack in the Box as well as a McDonald's nearby that you can park at, although their lots are not exactly spacious. Other than that, you can park on the street (which is metered) or in a lot (something like $1.50 per half hour). On the plus side, it's open very late. Keep in mind that this is downtown that we're talking about, right around the corner from SJSU, so you're likely to run into a lot of college students and the occasional drunkard or two from one of the nearby clubs.Overall, La Victoria (or "La Vic's", as their fans affectionately call it) isn't a bad place to grab a bite to eat, but it's nothing spectacular. There are better taquerias in town.Oh sweet La Vics, what would I do without you when I get the late night hungries?Burritos are always consistent and on point. Grab lots of orange sauces. I'm convinced the secret ingredient is crack cocaine.Pro-tip: Leftover orange sauce also tastes amazing on scrambled eggs, burgers and pizza.Had the carne asada super burrito! It was good, but with the orange sauce it was great! It's a good burrito place, but I've had better burritos. But the real reason why I'm giving them 4 stars, is because their orange sauce bottle I bought while I was there. Just tried it with my take out In and Out Cheeseburger. AND WOWWWWWWWWWW... sorry keyboard broke. But yeah you MUST try it!Imma let you finish, but LA VICTORIA IS THE BEST TAQUERIA OF ALL TIME! *Kanye Voice*You can call me trashy or not well-rounded, but I've been to plenty of taquerias and this place is my favorite. You can call it over-rated, but I say don't knock it until you tried it! I don't know if it's because it reminds me of my college-days and it makes me feel nostalgic or what-not, but nothing compares.You may say it's the orange sauce...touche....but still their Super Carne Asada Burrito is the love of my life! I would marry it if I could, no joke. ;0)Sorry, didn't mean to gross you out.I miss San Jose for this place alone!I've only had their burritos and their quesadillas, but I prefer the burritos. The quesadilla did nothing for me.If you live in the Bay Area and are in downtown San Jose you NEED to come here at least ONCE! If you're not fond of hot-drunken-messes, don't come here after 10pm....actually...don't come after 8pm, just to be safe. La Vics is a famous place to go in downtown after the clubs and bars close. It gets pretty rowdy. Hello, sometimes they even have a security guard during that time.Back in the day there was this creepy guy who did security. If you see a creepy rent-a-cop at the door and if it's your birthday...don't tell him! If you're drunk make sure your friends protect you, because he'll hug you.......I had to learn that lesson the hard way.Woof.So try it out around the afternoon time. Don't worry, if you're out of college you might feel kind of old amongst all the SJSU students...and if you do...just go to the Santa Clara St. location. That's what my dad does! Hell, you may even see ABC 7's Dan Noyes there too getting his burrito on! I did, and acted like I saw a celebrity.***If you've read my previous posts, you know should know by now how stupidly excited I get when I see anyone remotely famous.They use canned cheese sauce on their nachos. Really? We tried this place based on the yelp reviews and ordered the super nacho based on a review in a local paper. The chips were stale, the guac was not fresh, and the cheese was sauce from a can. I guess I expected more from a place with a four-star rating.ORANGE SAUCE. I repeat ORANGE SAUCE. It's a ranch or buttermilk base mixed with peppers and lime or lemon juice to make it like a Mexican spicy and tangy thousand island love-child of deliciousness.I have fond memories of the the original San Carlos house either after a hard exam or a hard night of drinking to indulge oneself in orange sauce pleasures.     Pros:~ OOOOOORRRANNNGGGEEEE SAAUUUUCCCEEEE! Which if you eat in you can get a big bottle and burn through all of it.~ Ambiance of a classic college dive perfect for an afternoon, evening or late night stop in. ~ Food is average for SJ Mexican with prices to match, it really is the sauce.Cons:~ The fact that it's a house may turn some folks off, but walk in. If you'd prefer to eat in a more traditional downtown style eatery go to the La Vics off Santa Clara. ~ It gets packed here at night, late night and Sunday brunch time so expect a line and a bit of a wait. There is limited seating compared to the number of folks eating, but if you want unlimited orange sauce you'll find a way to squeeze in.~ Street parking can be hard to find. Your best bet is to park in a public lot or park in the nearby McDonalds or Jack in Box and buy a soda so you don't get towed.Drop in and enjoy an SJSU classic.I LOVE LOVE LOVE La Vics!I've came to this location a few months ago after my boyfriend boasted about the almighty orange sauce & I've been a fan ever since! I always drop by whenever I'm in the area. Their quesadillas are my favorite... mm so flakey & buttery. This is my favorite location out of the other two. GO HERE!I feel like the ONLY location that meets the expectations would be the SJSU location. Right next to the Jack. Anyways. Need I say more?OH YA. . . . ORANGE SAUCE = BOMB. Worth the price in the morning. I think SO!Why is La Victoria Taqueria the best place to get Mexican food in Sian Jose? At least 3 reasons:Best taco sauce: CheckOpen till 3am (most days): CheckConsistently good, tasty, inexpensive Mexican food: CheckSo, why else do you need another Mexican food restaurant? I couldn't figure out why, either, which is why whenever I eat Mexican food in San Jose, I go to La Victoria Taqueria on San Carlos and 4th St., right next to SJSU. I've never been to their other location (this is the original location). Baskin Robbins is across the street, and there's a coffee and smoothie place around the corner. Mysterious "orange sauce" is a bit more salty (at first) than taco sauces you've tasted in the past, but very good and unique. If it wasn't for this place, I don't know where I'd go to eat this late (after 2am?). I'm glad we have a place like this here.Oh, and it's cheap, too! Most meals are between $5 and $7.Orange sauce..... enough said!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!the carne asada super burrito with the orange sauce is the bomb!!I know La Vics is a staple of San Jose late night dining. I know that even I find myself craving for it in the middle of the night (no thanks to their orange sauce). But it really is just pretty average Mexican Taqueria food. There are a lot of other taquerias in the greater San Jose area that have better food and perks like all-you-can-eat chips and salsa. Nonetheless, La Vics is still worth trying.Food:Bit on the greasy side, as it should be. I'm a sucker for carnitas burritos when it comes to Mexican food and theirs does not disappoint. Bits of it are on the crispier side which I love. The spanish rice is always good as well. Never too dry and never too moist. Carne Asada is pretty standard. Not my favorite meat to get just because of the blandness of the meat. Needless to say, the orange sauce is why you have to come try this place. If they're selling bottles of it on the daily and they're constantly worried about you stealing the restaurant's ones, they must be doing something right with it. I've opened fridges of friends up in Davis and Sacramento and they have a bottle that they bought all the way down in San Jose. If that doesn't scream delicious, I really don't know what else to say. Like I said though, based on the food alone, La Vics is pretty standard when it comes to their food. The use of the sauces makes everything better, but it really covers up the real taste of the food. Restaurant:Downtown San Jose by SJSU is a small restaurant with a second floor that they sometimes do no open. It's worth going to this location because this is the original La Vics. There's another La Vics a few blocks down that was recently renovated and it's on Santa Clara Street. Typically this one on the weekend gets packed when bars/clubs close so if you got to get your fix in at 2am. I would suggest the one closer to SJSU. The third location is off Almaden Expressway in South San Jose (close to the Brittania Arms). This location is relatively still new too (only about 5 years?) so the restaurant is really clean. Typically the wait is never too long at this one and if you had to choose a location to go to, I would suggest this one because there is ample parking and it's located right by 87 and 85. Tips:If you order to-go, get a lot of takeout orange sauces. It's free, why not?!Know what you want to order by the time you get up to the front. They're not too pleasant if you aren't ready. Drunkies with munchies can be a bit aggressive in Downtown SJ so be on the lookout for that. (Almost got into it with people a few times)If you don't mind splurging, purchase an orange sauce.Really good to have once in a while! Open late at night, so when everything else is close it's a perfect place to go.After consistently having a fresh bottle of orange sauce in my fridge for the last 5 years I want to celebrate the anniversary with a glowing review of one of the few establishments where after hours food can be appreciated by everyone, including the designated driver. But aside from the always tasty burritos, the corn quesadillas require special mention. Yes, you need to get them on corn tortillas. And yes, you need to eat them immediately. You can thank me later.  And despite the fact that orange sauce is what dreams are made of, this is the single item on the menu best enjoyed as served.Just be prepared to not feel well afterwards. It's good fast Mexican food, but it is not authentic and they used canned refried beans :(Just about the only place to satisfy your after-a-night-out-on-the-town cravings in SJ.  Some people love this place, but I think on average it's about the same as any other Taqueria or fast-food Mexican place around.  But there are two exceptional circumstances when this place is THE BEST:  1) late night, because most of the rest of San Jose closes down at 10 p.m.; and 2) morning-after breakfast burritos.  Whenever I've wandered in here during regular business hours I always end up asking myself why.The restaurant was empty, we came & expected good service but the first thing that happened is that we asked for water & the lady offered us bottled water which we had to pay for yet the lemonade that she gave my son had tap water which we wanted. I ordered morosquita  & asked how it was which she said it is a good typic michocan style plate she never told me that it was very spicy & I called her to let her know she didn't offer anything else & the rice was very mushy & my sons mini quesadilla was small & too greasy barely had meat to much cheese the Tortia was stale and the burrito was full of fat I suggest if you want real michocan food to to Mendoza in McKee road.If you're not a college student, you're not going to be proud of yourself for eating here, but it's open really late so sometimes you do what you gotta do.i am treating a 3 star as a neutral, not so much as as "A-OK" rating and this is why:i cannot say I like this place and I cannot say I don't like this place.  In fact, i feel that I  can't say too much about this place.  it is just okay.  nothing particularly fantastic about it.  it is pretty solid for typical mexican food  i guess.  but that is the thing...it is TYPICAL.  for me, nothing stood out other than the fact that they have orange sauce that I cannot say completely won me over either (i am not sure what is special about it actually).  I came here with a friend who eats here quite often and had eaten there since college.  he likes nachos, so we had nachos and I ordered a carne asada quesadilla.  again it was nothing to write home about.  it was nachos and a quesadilla with dry marinated beef.  portions are fairly large.  price is pretty cheap.  open late.Can't say much about service since  i just ordered, paid, and waited for my number.So if you are into just regular, typical, safe, and fairly priced mexican fare like nachos, burritos, and quesadillas, then this place is right for you.  as for me, i cannot say  i would eat here again, even if  i was close by because there are better things to eat and there are much better places than this.  I personally would choose something more authentic like la costa2 words .... orange sauce!place is the bomb i always order nacho fries to go. On point!I absolutely LOVE La Vics! I've ordered their super burritos, their tacos, and their quesadillas and never have I been disappointed. Their food is so bad for you yet so good at the same time. Plus, the orange sauce? Nothing can compare. And yes I'll say it...it beats Iguanas' sauce!I really question this place's orange sauce. They claim it's vegan, but me thinks not. Also, why have a 'vegan' sauce when their are no vegan options on the menu? I don't want to just have sauce for dinner.Orange Sauce!very rude and unprofessional place. I went there to try their food from long distance, what a disappointment. un professional and rude people.  They messed up my order big way. I am vegetarian by choice and made it very clear that I want veggie quesadila to-go and paid for extra orange sauce, they messed up my order and gave something non-veg. I called them talked to three different people, they were very rude on phone. said that we messed up order and now we can't do anything about it.very badly managed place and no professionalism.One of my favorite taqueria's in San Jose. I love their super quesadilla's and super nacho's. Their orange sauce is awesome!!Probably some of the best mexican food that I've ever had. You have to wait kinda a long time, but it's worth it.For a mexican place, I give it 3 stars. I love mexican food and will go to great lengths to get some. However, what this place has going for it is that they are open til 3AM, is right off of SJSU, and has decent burritos/tacos for a good price.Cons, as with any other place in a downtown metropolitan area, parking is a bitch. Either meter parking or come on your longboard. The orange sauce is just meh. Its not what it is hyped up to be. And service is very average. But what can you expect out of a Mexican food chain??If its for lunch or dinner, find somewhere else. If its past 2AM in SJ, look no further than La Vics for Mexican food. Note though, if you are here late at night (especially on weekends or holidays), this place is packed with clubbers and partiers. have fun navigating through the drunksLove it.  Love it. Food is awesome with great flavors.  Love the chili verde.  Can you say Orange Sauce?  I put that on everything.La Vic is not about the best Mexican food.  Sometimes the beans are a little hard and the meats are a little dry.  You go to La Vic because it's almost 2am, you're stuck in San Jose, and they have the most amazing orange sauce to drizzle all over your late night food.I have been in and out of this institution since 2004 and even though I am no longer in the area I have many a fond drunken memory of dining here.  One day I will return!Got the carne asada super burrito.  It was ok but the real star is the orange sauce.  It definitely livens up the meal!This is an okay taqueria with fast, decently-priced food.  Pretty fair breakfast burritos, although they scrimp on the main attractions (chorizo or potatoes, say) and just stuff them with mostly rice and refried beans.The tortillas always taste a little off to me, so if I get down to the last bites and the filling is mostly gone, I toss it.The trumpeted orange sauce is indeed pretty tasty.  Try it before you apply it too liberally, though -- in quantity, it's fairly spicy.  The sauce is available for purchase if you want to take some home (T-shirts for the fans, as well).This restaurant, like Peanuts Cafe, is a San Jose institution mainly for providing cheap eats to the nearby college students much much much more than because the food is actually all that good.  I can understand having affection for the place, but -- really: the food is not that good.  It's just cheap and readily available.La Victoria Taqueria, as you might guess from its name, is in an old Victorian (very close to campus).  According to local laws, they don't have to provide a bathroom for customers because of the age of the building, so they don't.  That's kind of a drag, but otherwise, the place is pretty nice -- good color scheme, nice wood floor, solid tables, lots of windows.  Customers are warned not to park in the Jack in the Box lot next door; I guess Jack in the Box will tow.A big plus in downtown San Jose: open early, open late.  That part's very cool.Two and a half stars, really.Ever tried their burritos without orange sauce? Medicore at best. They wouldn't be in business without it. But yeah, sauce is good, food sucks, and it could take upwards to 20 minutes to get your order on some nights.I've been going here for a few years now....and anyone who's ever been there knows the ORANGE SAUCE is the BEST!!!  After partying in San Jose, it's a great place to stop by, if you don't mind having to wait.  Just about everyone goes there.  It's a rule in my house, whoever goes, knows they have to pick up a bottle of orange sauce if we're running low and take home Carne Asada Burritos for everyone who didn't go. The only thing I'd want to change, is adding a parking lot and a little more room. But regardless, it's the place to go.The only good thing about this place is the orange sauce. other than that it sucks.i've had way better mexican food than la vics.  i've ate their several times dont get me wrong i would think they want to improve but all they do is rely on the sauce.  burritos are small and not SUPER and the Super nachos r nachos nothing spectacular.  its convenient and next to the school maybe that is why i eat it =(I honestly don't see what all the fuss is about---if most of the foods here use the special "Orange Sauce" as a crutch, just buy it by the bottle and eat at your other favorite taqueria. I can see how this is the perfect hangover/afterclub food because the menu here is heavy heavy heavy. No room for fresh veggies and salsa sauces like other restaurants---the bulk of it is really just meat, beans, cheese. A plus I can extend to this place is that the burritos are HUGE and big enough to call your own baby.I'll be fair and give this La Vic's a 3-star, since I've only tried it once and see if the other location on Santa Clara can change my mind.Wow, writing Yelp reviews is truly eye-opening.  I mean, I go to La Victoria all the time.  Really.  All the time.  And it's that damned orange sauce.  La Victoria without The Orange is nothing.  Nothing!  But that Orange.  Man they've really got us hooked with that stuff.  But I'm thinking about it, and it's one of the least consistent restaurants I go to.I always get the veggie burrito, and about 1/3 of the time there are about 5 beans to speak of, and the whole thing is stuffed with ice cold lettuce.  This usually happens in conjunction with an under-heated tortilla, which also means cold, un-melted cheese.  Booooo.  Boo you La Victoria for duping me for so very long!Oh but I do so love The Orange.  I will keep coming back, despite the lack of seating, despite the roll of the dice and the sometimes-lettuce burrito.  Maybe I'll insist on well-done from now on.Cheesh, what's a person to do?That Orange....that Craaaaaaazy Orange....The food is so-so but let's be honest, if you're there, you're probably too drunk to notice anyway.Service can be slow, depending what night and what time you get there and you usually have to do your best to avoid the bro stampede in there after bar hours.So what makes this place special? The orange sauce, of course! I usually get the nachos and turn them into orange soup in a basket. I've had orange sauce other places and it never compares. And if your vegan friend swears up and down that the orange, milky substance is vegan, just let them think it. I know what the stuff is made out of and trust me, I've been laughing on the inside about it being "vegan" for years.After having heard all the rants and raves about the orange sauce at La Vic's, I had to come and try it. Went there late last night and got myself a super burrito with al pastor. The orange sauce, pretty much has crack or heroin or whatever inside it like everyone says because that thing is damn addicting. But the burrito itself was nothing compared to Iguana's two doors down and around the corner.The only thing that gets this place going is the sauce. I'll gladly buy bottles of the orange goody and run over to iguanas to eat.This place is okay in the same vein that you would consider a fast food restaurant okay-Drench your burrito in special heart-attack sauce and it tastes great! (for that matter, drench anything in this sauce and it will taste great... yes, we all know you use your orange sauce whenever you eat eggs, or cup noodles, or chocolate cake... errr.)But otherwise, tasting the meal for what it is, with poor ingredients, will not drop your jaw; however, pure convenience and a desire to taste that extremely-bad-for-you sinful sauce might bring you back, again and again.I honestly don't know why everyone is flipping out about chorizo grease in the orange sauce...just ask them, they'll tell you it's not vegetarian!I mean, I am just under the impression that La Victoria in no way markets itself as a "health conscious" place. In fact, I'm pretty sure it markets itself as a "down and dirty" and perhaps even "sketchy" delicious place...and in that regard it pretty much DELIVERS!I'm just saying, you shouldn't be surprised that La Vic is the kind of place you go to break your religion or diet and I don't really think that they're "betraying" anyone. Not expecting chorizo grease in orange sauce is like not expecting several sticks of butter in Paula Deen's cookin'--it's what makes it SO BAD that makes it SO GOOD!La Victoria is the best cheap eat in downtown, and the small victorian setting is very neat; Unfortunately, the lack of seating at peak hours is a huge annoyance. Also - the tacos are small, so double up.And of course, 4 stars for the orange sauce.For a place that's open 'til late at night, affordable meals, and their delicious ORANGE SAUCE that goes well with ANYTHING...I have been a fan of La Vics ever since.From late night dinners to grabbin a bite after a drunken Friday/Saturday night, La Vics is the best place if you're lookin for more bang-for-your-buck (seriously, a coke and a super burrito under 10 bucks? SOLD!).  My only complaint is the parking issue and how "noisy" the place can be when it comes to the lunch times.  As a lot of regulars know about La Vics, parking is a b!tch...I second anyone who came up with the idea that La Vics should cut a deal with Jack in the Box or McDonalds for SOME parking space.  La Vics is also a small place...and when a lot of people come by, it can be crowded REALLY fast.  Not only that, as a lot of regulars know about it, finding a seat and talking is a b!tch...especially when they're yelling out numbers in spanish.As for the food?  It's great, just don't assume that when you bite into a burrito with some orange sauce that you'll get an orgasm.  For La Vic virgins, ALWAYS go for the Super Burrito and make sure to ask for the orange sauce bottle when you come to pick it up.  Their super nacho's are also great, but you gotta eat 'em fast before the chips get all soggy.So, in conclusion, hit up La Vics whenever you get the chance, just don't go there when it's busy...'cause parking, lookin' for seats, and talking is such a b!tch.This is a high 3 star rating, and I considered giving it a 4. After deep or at least sober contemplation..... I decided that Iguanas is definitely better and I gave them a 4, so I figured I'd try to keep it real. The food here is a bit on the bland side for me, and if it weren't for the orange sauce this place would barely be a 2. I understand the appeal by many. It's open late, it's affordable and its next to SJSU for the broke college kids. Parking is non existent which is the case for a lot of these down town places, but be cautious parking in the jack in the box lot next door- One of my buddies had his car towed having it parked there for 45 minutes or so.Went here twice...probably won't be back again for awhile - unless I'm craving for that orange sauce. I've tried the tacos and quesadillas - not worth it! Food was pretty dry and had barely any flavor. Only saving grace was the orange sauce which you have to pour all over everything!I think I'll just buy the orange sauce and buy tacos at a mexican truck!Nothing special....as everyone else has said, the orange sauce is the reason they remain in business.  There are several better places in town.   I think their main success during the day is just that they are convenient to the many office buildings in that area.  If someone else opened a burrito joint nearby [the other ones are all quite a bit further from the various banks, accounting firms, etc in their immediate area], they'd be in trouble because their food isn't all that great.Wait time is very long.All I can say is this is the original La Vics. Don't forget the Orange sauce of course.Recs: Super Burritos, Quesadillas. I favor Carne Asada, the chicken they serve is not too great as it is boiled.Like the Burritos OK.  Love the super taco and super quesadilla. Personally, like to mix or alternate the orange sauce with the green sauce.  Lots of both is good.   Almost always get a bottle of the orange sauce to go.  Really kicks up the tacos we make at home.Only downside to this La Vic location is that it can get crowded due to the small size of the place.  They churn the orders out pretty quick nevertheless.  Employees generally friendly and helpful, which is a nice plus.This La Vics is the original one... I tried the one on Santa Clara Street and was always disappointed at the Santa Clara one... dont know why and they should be exactly the same. Anyways, la vics is known for their orange sauce and i have to admit it is really good... so good that my crap hurts the next day. The burritos are okay, nothing special, but i've learned that the quesadilla is pretty awesome. The quesadilla is not your typical one; its crispy, a tad oily, somehow wet, but it works for me. I've tried carne asade, al pastor, and pollo and I love the al pastor and carne asada. Overall, if it weren't for the orange sauce, I wouldn't come to La Vics.I've also tried Iguanas just around the corner and they too have an orange sauce. I personally do not like Iguanas orange sauce that much, but I can see why people would like Iguanas sauce better than La Vics. Iguanas orange sauce has a smokey and spicyer taste than La Vics. I don't like that smokey taste, so that's why I go to La Vics.So choose your pick and enjoy... dont let Man v. Food fool you...This is going to be a short review because I honestly don't have much to say :PComing from someone who hates Mexican food (except for carne asada fries andTaco Bell ... but that wouldn't be considered Mexican food huh? ;D) I love La Vics! Pricing for the food is decent and the quality is good (not bad but not great either). Just like most people, I am a big fan of the orange sauce! If you're sensitive (and I mean REALLY sensitive) to spicy food, I would be careful with the orange sauce (I kind of learned that the hard way :[ )La Vics is one of those things that are only good once in awhile. If you ate there everyday I think you'd get tired of the place.I would give this place 3.5 stars but because I've only had good experiences with every visit (all 3 LOL) and it's pretty much the only Mexican food I like, I bumped it up to a 4 :)Well, as someone who has never been to La Victoria before, I must say that the food from this place is about as awesome as you can get.My co-worker would often rave about this place and tell me just how great the burritos were.  We both work in Santa Clara, but I was told it's well worth the drive to the other side of town to get take out from this place.Last Saturday night, my co-worker was about to make his usual run to La Victoria and asked me if I wanted to try something from there.  I opted for a steak & bean burrito...  Well, after I took my first bite and tried that orange sauce, I was in heaven!  I've been to Super Taqueria, and had their burritos, but this was actually better...  That orange sauce really gave the burrito one hell of a kick!  It was absolutely delicious.You can bet that I will likely be bribing my co-worker to make more frequent runs to La Victoria in the future!As far as the food is concerned, this place definitely deserves 5-stars.The famous orange sauce. Now I will admit, this sauce is what makes this place a must try while in San Jose. It's original and quite good. Adds that little something to their food. With that being said, I'm not a huge fan of the food itself here. If it weren't for the food, I probably would never eat here. Their food is mediocre. This is just my personal opinion though. The carne asada is a little dry, and the chicken and chile verde are too wet. The burritos fluctuate sometimes. Some days they're bland, some days there's too much salt. The quesadillas, however, are always salty. The best bet for me are the tacos. They're the most consistent as far as flavor wise. I usually find myself coming here for a quick meal if I'm down in the San Jose State area. Other than that, I wouldn't make an effort to come here. I will say though, if you haven't tried to orange sauce here, you should definitely give it a try.I came here on a Friday night with the fam. After hearing about their famous orange sauce, I had to come see what the hype was all about. I ordered the super chicken quesadilla, and my cousin got a regular carne asada burrito with a side of guac and chips. My quesadilla was deep fried and leaky =/ With every bite I took, there were juices flowing out the other end. By the time I was finished with one half, there was a puddle of sauce on my plate. The orange sauce was ok, it made my mediocre quesadilla taste a little bit better. My cousin complained her burrito was very dry, especially the meat. The chips were stale-ish & the guacamole was d-i-s-g-u-s-t-i-n-g. I'm pretty sure this stuff was store bought because it definitely wasn't fresh. It was spicy, bland, and pureed, with no texture whatsoever. I like my guacamole on the chunky side. I'd say this place was...alright. The orange sauce is overrated but was definitely better than the food. I live in SF and I would say that La Vic's isn't worth the drive. Sorry!La Victoria is one of my favorite mexican resturants in san jose.  They have great burritos! I love their lingua and their veggie.  Their quesidillas are great, but really filling and kinda greasy.  The service is always friendly and the orange sauce is to die for!Word to the wise: the guacamole is spicy!  I took my friend who does not like spicy food here and she ordered a burrito without salsa, and it was so spicy from the guacamole that she had to send it back. They were really nice about it though.  Also there can be a really long line during the lunch hour.For great mexican food, go to la victoria!If it wasn't for the orange sauce, I would give La Vic's 1.5 to 2 stars. My bro used to take me here a few years back when I was in highschool, and, back then, I would have given it 5 stars.Their own hype has gotten to their heads. They have since dropped the quantity as well as quality of their food, while raising their prices. The super nachos have become especially disappointing, considering its now at 7 bucks and hardly even fills the box. Even after a late night out drinking, I could still taste that the food was subpar.I will say that I still love their sauce, and still enjoy their super tacos. This location is also vastly superior to their santa clara spot. All in all, buy the sauce, go somewhere else for the food.OM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM.I mean that's all I can really say about this place. Their burritos are good--I usually get the super burrito with carnitas--but the orange sauce is like crack sauce. Delicious, delicious crack sauce. I'm told it's a mixture of disgusting things like lard and whatnot, but I'm not going to question it. It's good. End of story. Burrito the size of my face just disappears with that sauce by my side.I've also tried the quesadilla, it's also some greasy greasy delicious goodness. Can't say much but anything else though as I haven't diversified much...and also do not see the need to.Mmmm the orange sauce made the super burrito (and probably everything else) taste 10x better! Enough said.I've had better burritos, but the orange sauce is what gets me coming back. I don't know what they put in it, but shit is too good to pass up. If you are around the area, you should try La Vic's, not for its burritos, but for the sauce. I usually get either the carne asada burrito or carne asade quesadilla. Both are good, but I prefer getting burritos else where.The place overall is alright. The inside is pretty small. So depending on what time of the day you come, its hard to find a seat. It gets overly crowded during thurs-sat nights just because it's the only thing open late for everyone coming out of the clubs. Other than that, everything is cool. Just take it to-go and eat somewhere else if there aren't any seats available. The wait isn't too bad either. As long as you don't go during lunchtime, anytime sun-wed is usually fine.The only thing I wish they could do is give you more orange sauce when you ask for it to-go. They only give me two little cups of orange sauce for a burrito. That is not enough. You can ask for more, but they only give you one more and I still feel like it's not enough. That's just me if anything, but I use hella sauce.omg . I love their orange sauce! It's a must have!Tacos and burritos are also great!If you want greasy (and I mean fried in lard) Mexican food, come here. This is a hot spot for those late nighters. However, I really think what makes this place is their famous orange sauce. It is so good that they have cameras to make sure no one steals the sauces they give out and they limit how many they give out. I personally love the quesadilla and burritos (but of course there are better), it is just that awesome sauce.The meat and tortillas can have tough spots here and there. Everyone raves about the orange sauce, which is OK but really is no way to judge a Mexican restaurant. The beans feel like they have a tough shell, and the menu doesn't list what comes on each item.I recommend going around the corner to Iguanas, because you have your choice of beans (pinto, black, or refried), their meat is always tender, and you don't have to cry about the orange sauce- they have it too.I used to live across this place which is another Bay Area must visit eatery.......good and cheap. What more can you ask for? My fav: Veggie QuesadillaDon't forget to drown whatever you order with the Orange Sauce! Describing the sauce as being "HOT" would be an understatement. You'll feel the burn going both ways, IN and OUT!!After awhile, the "ENTRY" got used to the burn, but the "EXIT" never adapted!!!   LOL!!!The sauce is da bomb, I always bring a couple bottles back to Hawaii.the ORANGE sauce is to die for.  This is an amazing sauce.  If you don't like spicy, then the orange may not be for you.  I can't give this place 5 stars because it's only the orange sauce that really holds this place up.The burritos and tacos aren't special, but their quesadillas are pretty good.  I like that they pan fry them so they're crispy.  I would say that the orange sauce only goes with basic meats, as advice.  People whom I've taken there get already strong flavored meats (like al pastor) and the orange sauce doesn't get to work its magic.In my opinion, the more simple the meat, the better the orange sauce will be.  And frankly, this place thrives because of the orange sauce.  I'm sad that the horchata is pasty.  It would be such a better place if it had better horchata and it did more unique things to stand out from any other mexican place.LA VIC? CHICKEN QUESADILLA WITH ORANGE SAUCE?YUM x 10000000000000000000000wish it was closer from home :(it's just really shady at night and hard to find parking unless you park at the jack in the box parking. i guess everybody parks there but it says on the sign that your car will get towed if you park for la vic....BUT BACK TO THE FOOD, the orange sauce is so spicy! but you just can't stop eating cuz it's THAT GOOODBacon, Potato, cheese & egg bfast burrito with no rice and no beans. Add orange sauce. This is what its all about. the tacos are great the nachos are great but the breakfast burrito I dream about.The orange sauce is just way too good to be true, hahaCarne Asada Super Burrito with Orange Sauce a match made in heaven :)Orange Sauce.  That's the only thing here that is off the charts.Burritos, Tacos and Quesadillas are average.  I prefer to keep it simple when I go here, RBC burrito and a corn cheese quesadilla.  I let me friends pig out and go big.  The sauce goes great with other foods out there in the world.  If not for that, La Vics would have gotten 2 stars from me.Yeah, yeah, everyone loves the orange sauce.  It's decent.My review is about the weird smell that came from a carne asada burrito I recently ate.  I dropped by la vic's and picked up a burrito on my way to my cousin's house.  While sitting in their living room about to tear into this thing, my aunt comes in, sniffs the air, and asks, "What's that rancid smell?"  Looks at my burrito and says, "It smells rotten!" Sure enough, I sniff the meat poking out after the orange sauce soaked bite I took, and it smelled pretty gross.  I always wondered what that weird, greasy, unclean smell at La Vic's was.  It smells mildewy in there, kind of like a gas station bathroom or something.  Maybe it's the meat.  I don't know.  But ever since this encounter with stinky carne, I have not stopped by again.2 stars for...being rather ho-hum. Average food, average price. Was not a big fan of their supposedly famous orange sauce; it wasn't all that impressive, it just tasted vaguely spicy. Not that there's anything much to dislike, there just wasn't much to like either.Small place and parking sucks [be careful of all the one way streets in this area!] ...but definitely a place to check out! I came here based on a friend's recommendation and loved it. I know all the reviews say it...but YES the orange sauce is AMAZING! it adds so much flavor to their food, i bought a bottle to take home!I got the super quesadilla [from what i heard, nothing else on the menu is quite as good] and the food came out in around 5 mins. WARNING: the food will destroy any workout/diet plan you have been on! the food is pretty greasy and the orange sauce probably adds a gazillion more calories but it was so good, i devoured it in a matter of minutes and was craving more! it was cheesy, melt-in-your mouth, bursting with flavor. this is my new pit stop if im ever craving mexican food :)Legit. Breakfast burrito with chorizo and egg or the chile verde regular burrito. Inexpensive, and quick. I will be back.Good for late night eats! :)ORANGE SAUCE!!!  Really popular place, so if you are planning to eat there at lunch time on a weekday, prepare to wait.  But the wait is worth it.  Whatever you get, make sure to put their orange sauce on it.  You can also buy the stuff by the bottle for $6.  It goes bad after 2 weeks....  You can't be from San Jose and not have been to La Vics.m e x i c a n!! yomp yomp yompi used to think it was great, but then i realized that the only reasons i came here were because  1. Iguanas wasn't open or 2. they served cheap breakfast burritos and 3.  milanesa steak is on the menu whereas 4.  Iguanas doesn't serve milanesa.  orange sauce can be a deal-breaker for some so, if you must have superior orange sauce you know who i'm going to recommend.  when i'm skidding through downtown, it's obvious where i'm going for a cheap, huge burrito, depending on what is open.  it's not bad.  it's convenient.Prices are too high and food isnt really that good.Orange sauce.. enough said!The orange sauce is god. I tried to look up how to make the orange sauce and I could not find an easy recipe! I'll just buy it from La Vic's! When I'm drunk and hungry, this place is hands down the best place to get hangover food. The chile relleno burrito is my favorite as well as the quesadillas. Man.. I want some now!This place is great. Great sauce, cheap burritos. Fast service. Though, quite frankly, you can walk into most hole in the wall mexican joints and get pretty much the same thing. But LaVics is open later than a lot of those places and has that delicious orange sauce.My boyfriend introduced me to this place which is right by San Jose State University campus and tons of college kids come here. It's not a bad spot if you don't mind the line. We ordered a cheese quesadilla and a nacho cheese fries. They were both amazing, however, I'm allergic to MSG and immediately, I broke into a rash. I wish I can say I can come back but unfortunately, I can not. I recommend going but not giving it any higher than 3 stars.How I love this place!  Their vegetarian tacos (minus the sour cream) are the bomb!!  They are the only items I have gotten here as I love them so much. And the orange sauce is YUMMY!!!Both locations in San Jose are fantastic!  Quick service, affordable and delicious Mexican food, and walkable from my downtown office!  Oh and the ORANGE SAUCE!!!I'm an addict of this place... the sauce... the quesadillas... drool.I remember the first time I came here. Years ago as a Sophmore at SJSU, I thought, "Maybe I need a break from Iguana's and see what's so special here." During my break period in between classes, I came to La Vic's and ordered a Carnitas Burrito. I remember seeing the employees giggling and laughing while looking at me. I didn't think much of it. When my order came up, I saw an employee dumping in tablespoon packages of orange sauce in my to-go bag. I was completely confused. I asked her for the green sauce (saw it in the fridge) and she said, "Yeah, here." So, I went to my car and ate it and poured the sauce and ate. Towards the bottom of the burrito I found weird bits of hard pieces that seemed like bones? I was pissed off and swore that I'll never eat here again. I don't know why I still go here. It's... too... addicting...Their Super Burritos are a bit above mediocre, but for the price and size, it's worth it. I normally have the Torta or Super Quesadilla. I love the Torta because they add avocado and beans!! I love the Super Quesadilla because the tortilla has a nice buttery, crispy-ness. They're both a smaller, cheaper version of the Super Burrito which is worth it if you have a small stomach. I tend not to get the (Super) Tacos because there's no point. For a dollar-ish extra you can get the items I've mentioned above and it would be double the portion of one taco.The Orange Sauce is too good to be true. Good chipotle heat with a bit of garlic and sour cream (or Mexican crema?). Every once in a while it tastes a bit different, BUT IT'S STILL SO FREAKING GOOD. But if I buy a bottle of it, I can't eat it with anything else because fries or other burritos I've paired it with neutralize something in the sauce so you can barely taste it. I think it's made to be eaten with La Vic's food. It makes me sad. I don't want to be the sad girl chugging Orange Sauce like a can of Whipped Cream.Good spot for quick dinner or late night eat!! Love the special sauce!Yum!  Orange sauce!Love the food. And even the breakfast burritos. Orange sauce is the bomb.So good. All the time. Especially after drinking.yummers! but watch out for the drunks on a saturday night, unless your one then its the best place to be.after many years and many imitators, i still love La Vics the best. It doesn't have the tastiest burrito, or the nicest decor, but the orange sauce still reigns supreme among the competition. I know Iguana's has an orange sauce, but it's too spicy and not as good as the La Vics orange sauce. I'd have to say that the sauce combined with good quality food give this place the nod over many others.I would come here a lot during my college days. Now I go only every once in while. My favorite thing to get is a super burrito with carne asada. The orange sauce is great and I personally like adding to my burrito. At times I do not add orange sauce and the burrito is good by itself.Canitas Quessidllas are the bestThe food quality varies too much for my taste, sometimes its excellent and sometimes I wonder what is going on in the kitchen.  Not really worth the effort if Muchos is open down the street.I ordered two super burritos on a weekday afternoon. Chicken and pork. I've heard great things about this place, but personally it was kind of disappointing.The wait wasn't too long and the service was friendly. I noticed everyone was asking for orange sauce so I assumed that was their thing.I asked for four cups of them. When I got home to try, the burritos weren't what I expected. There was supposed to be salsa and guacamole, but there was hardly any at all. The orange sauce just wasn't for me. It was like borderline spicy mayo in my opinion. Sorry La Vics. I wanted to like you!I love this place.  It's the best go to place for food therapy or  late nite partying food one can get.  My fav is always the Super Nachos cuz it's the best to share with friends.The previous reviewers who gave this place 3+ stars really need a reality check. No one in their right mind would consider this place "good" or even average. If you've eaten at a couple burrito places and think this is a "good" burrito, please please PLEASE try other mexican restaurants. Here is a reality check to those who want a real review from someone who's eaten at 100+ burrito shacks from Rosarito, Mexico to Fort Bragg:This burrito shack barely gets two stars from me. I ordered their carne asada super burrito with a bottle of the orange sauce. The burrito was sub-par - the meat was flavorless and dry. The rice was terribly soggy and flavorless as well. There really wasn't anything in the burrito I liked. The only flavor in this burrito was the orange sauce and that was average at best.There are countless burrito shacks that put this place to disgrace. As previously stated, this place can't even compete against any decent hole in the wall burrito shack from Berkeley or San Francisco. One place that comes into mind, is the small burrito shack on 19th and Franklin in Oakland. Their green sauce is 10x better than the orange sauce and they have the best carnitas I have tasted in the bay area. Too bad I can't find their name anywhere. Closer to San Jose, try Victor's Taqueria on 844 S Winchester Blvd. Much better carne asada meat and the majority of their customers are Mexican. Always a good sign.When I walked into La Victoria, I was trusting my friends to make a good food decision for the night - being an East Bay girl, I'm not exactly in tune with what's hip in San Jo. That being said, I think they made the right choice.For an April night, it was pretty steaming in there, but that's what we get for wanting to get dinner at 10:30 at night. We were dying to escape the sweltering temperature so we didn't stick around. On our way out, they had to explain the novelty of the sauce to me. All I can say is, how charming.My veggie burrito was wonderfully standard, pretty much exactly what you want when you go to any place called "taqueria." Bonus points for being Cutie Central.Orange sauce, orange sauce, orange sauce orange sauce...Orange sauce? Orange sauce.Yes, the orange sauce is fantastic. It makes an average burrito into a very good burrito. The meat in the burritos isn't fatty, which is all I really ask for.They charge for drink refills, though, which I find reprehensible.La Vic's.. you were really great until management changed.  Then your steak quesadillas got sloppy and watery. :(  Great horchata and orange sauce though!  SJSU student's spot, along with Iguanas.EDIT:  This place was on fire and was closed for months but finally reopened.  Had my friends drive my car over there (they were craving La Vic's and I was feeling like a lazy bum) and they ordered me my steak quesadilla.  This time it was pretty good.  Not like they used to be, but much better than the last couple times I've eaten it.It's really yummy, but sometimes greasy. The portions are large and filling. Love getting the Super Burritos and Super Quesadillas. The orange sauce is always a must. Parking is a drag and the location is a little small. The place is pretty popular crawling with SJSU's Spartans, so come earlier to beat the lunch crowd. FYI minimum charge for use of credit cards is $6. They also charge 60 cents for fountain drink refills.I came here thanks to my co-worker's raving about it. And I wasn't disappointed. I had to have the lengua (in a burrito) and boy was it yummy! My hubby had a burrito too but he doesn't remember what it was. All he remembers is that he liked it. And the burritos were huge! As for the sauces, we got both and I liked them both. Disappointments? Well, everyone did say that it's super crowded, but when we went on Sunday between lunch and dinner times, there were no crowds. So not a real disappointment. Would we go back? Heck yeah! Too bad it's kinda far for us, but, any time we're in the area we try to go there. Hmm... have to try out the other locations but supposedly this one is the CHEAPEST! Woo hoo!This is one of those places where you only go when you can barely walk in a straight line.  So on a drunken star scale I give it a 3.  Of course the food here tastes like cow ass.  But its 3 am and you'd almost eat cardboard at this point.  The wait takes forever, but you can yell as loud you want which makes time pass quicker.  Just writing this review makes me want to yell.  BLARRRRGHH!!!!!This place has AMAZING orange sauce, I always pick up a bottle when I visit my friend in SJ. The burritos however aren't too great.Very greasy and wait times were about 15 minutes for one burrito on a wednesday night  with 3 people in front of me.I would rate the orange sauce a 5 and the food a 3, so my total is a 4Like everyone says, it's all about the Orange Sauce... but that's about it for me.  The "Super" burritos aren't that super... They're the size of a regular burrito. Minus 1 star.And the service is terrible... You have to ask for the orange sauce... and they don't even give you a full bottle... I had to share half a bottle with 4 people.  I didn't really get my orange sauce fix, darnit. Minus 1 star for stinginess.AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAND... the short chick with the blond hair hovers over you like a vulture... she stares at you from the register waiting for you to take your last bite... and as soon as you do, she snatches your tray and the orange sauce bottle without even confirming if you're done! Minus 1 star.My advice is: buy a bottle of orange sauce and go around the corner to Iguana's where they serve HUGE burritos for your money and the service is friendly.Great if you need to be filled up and have very little money (and are like me and refuse to eat at McDonalds). Orange sauce is amazing and I'm fairly certain I do not want to know what it's made of.As far as mexican food goes, not the greatest, but when you're a hungry student I recommend the chicken super burrito or the super tacos (eaten THERE, not to go - too messy). I eat here about twice a week. Not necessarily at this location. What can I say, I'm broke most of the time and I friggin LOVE the orange sauce.La Vic's is way overrated for what it is. Take away the orange sauce (the hot sauce that is basically a concoction of mayo, grease, hot sauce and spices) and the food taste horrible. The lines are long, they have a bouncer outside, the prices is a little high compared to other places near by and they take forever even on a slow night. Usually a line out the door means the place is great, but its usually because they are slow. I used to go here before Iguana's was reopened. It def a drunk food sorta place, when your drunk you dont know the difference.I have tried the chicken burrito more then once (to make it fair) and each time it taste like spoiled meat to me. The chirizo is great (as long as you dont think about whats in it). The food is usually too over spiced or too under seasoned. I would only recommend the place for the orange sauce (get some) and walk over to iguana's around the corner, its worth the 50ft extra walk for well seasoned food.All in all, they santa clara street location is a lot better, fresher, better service but they close earlier, the two different location does not compare.The only redeeming quality about this restaurant is the shabby collegiate decor...Having been to the Mexican restaurants in San Francisco, the food in San Jose is crappy and overpriced. But not all of us have the means to pay $20 to commute for decent Mexican food so La Victoria is the our only option : - (The carne asada is old (you can tell by its texture and color) meanwhile the beans/rice taste like they had their soul exorcised. The environment though is fun and sometimes it's just nice to have a hole in the wall to hang out with friends and savor the mediocrity. And the orange sauce is just orange sauce. The next time I crave Mexican food, I'll save my money for a trip to SF.La Vic's to me is one of these trendy drunken night food places......I would have given this place 2 stars, if it wasn't for the Sauce and the hours. The special sauce here is like nothing I have ever had.....It's creamy, garlicy, spicy and simply delicious...It's like an orgasm of flavors coating your liquor filled tummy. The food itself is really nothing to brag about......the quality of the meats is below average and it just isn't very authentic, but the sauce fixes all these problems. It's literally like putting lipstick (special sauce) on a pig (burrito). But on a long drunken night of clubbing, I think i would even eat a turd with the right amount of special sauce.(okay, maybe not....but ya catch my drift)Overall I would recommend this place to the drunk midnight to 4 am crowds, but not for someone wanting real authentic Mexican food.Not going to lie. I am a fan of La Vics. I know it doesn't have the highest quality meat, the best service or pleasant environment. But I love it anyway, let me count the ways...1. Quesadillas - These are the most amazing quesadilla's in SC County. They use a bit of grease and crisp the outside so it's ridiculously crispy on the outside, full of delightful Mexicana in the center. The burritos will fill you gut, these will fill your culinary soul.2. Nachos - This massive insane plate of awesome may have come from taqueria, but it's 100% pure American. At first, I was going to frown upon La Victoria for using hard premade chips, until I realized you have to have them to eat the nachos. There is just too much awesome on the plate for standard tortilla chips to handle. Choice meat, salsa, beans sour cream, guac and cheese "whiz"? Hear that? That is victory in your mouth.3. Burritos - Want portable food? The burrito is your thing. They are pretty hefty, and filled all the nacho stuff, but rice instead of cheese whiz and chips. I love these dearly, especially after 6 beers.4. Meats - Great selection, not highest quality, but certainly above average. Here is my top 5:    Carnitas 1 (when it's fresh it's only beaten by the mighty Muchos)   Al Pastor (so greasy and spicy you barely need sauce)   Carne Asada    Carnitas 2 (when it's not so fresh it's still good)   BucheSide note, their pollo is not that good. I think chicken is the worst of Mexican meats in general, but theirs is definately the worst option.So that's about it. You like quick, greasy Mexican that's above average in prices and quality? No other choice. Oh yeah...OooooooRANGE SAUCE!!!!!!!!!Food is decent and quick but that's it.  The best part is the orange sauce.  Other than that, everything else is average.Also, it's very convenient after a night of clubbing in the city.Right off campus to San Jose State University. Small place, wish they would try and expand to make more room. The wait is ridiculous especially if you just want to grab something to eat before heading back to school. Parking is hard to find unless u want to pay and park in the garage.Orange sauce is the best. That's itLa Victoria is a great resteraunt that I have been eating at for years. They are the best in the business as far as Mexican food in San Jose is concerned. Their Orang Sauce compliments anything on their menu. I guess my only knock on the place is that it can get crowded but the food makes up for that real quick. I would highly suggest eating La Victoria.Must i say, moving to the bay from hawaii, I never really got to eat real mexican food but only until my friends showed me this place while i was visiting and man was it GOOD. I got  the super steak quesadilla.Price is pretty cheap IMOWith any order you must have that special sauce.The friends joked around calling it orange crack sauce cause u keep wanting more lol.Late night food that is good... what more can one ask for?+definitely affordable...  most of the items are $4 ~  $6+not quite quality...  its ALRIGHT  +not so healthy.... but its DELICIOUS...     considerably guilty pleasure haha+Open LATE.... MAJOR PLUS2 complaints:   - Why is the bathroom always dirty... or apparently, now closed?   - It's always crowded, great for business, not so great for starving customers =]Orange Sauce on your Carne Asada Burrito... Good Luck finding a seat to sit in!Gets Ghetto in the late night.I thought this was the La Vic's I went to years ago but apparently there is another one (actually a few) in San Jo. Anyway, I was VERY pleased! The orange sauce is to die for! I bought my very own bottle for $6.I had the super burrito and it was very tasty. The meat (pork) wasn't gristly or chewy. Everything is a bit more spicy than my stomach can handle (sadly, I LOVE SPICY FOOD) but everything was very good.My only complaint is that the "chips and salsa" were just chips out of a bag from the grocery store.Otherwise it was very very good!Food is mediocre. BUT THE ORANGE SAUCE!! Thats where its at baby!When you meet a new friend who has never been here, all you need to say is....You : Hey, (whatever his name is)Him: Yea?You: Want to go get some La Vics?Him: Dunno what that is.You: Its a Taqueria,Him: Is it good?You: 2 Words, ORANGE SAUCE!4 Stars because of the OJ sauce.The orange sauce makes it GOOD!! yum yum! The sauce is not over powerful, it helps with enjoying your meal and hitting the right spots in your mouth (and tummy).If you have a mild or moderate palate, you're gonna need some horchata to wash everything down, water isn't going to cut it, orange saucing your meal can get spicy. I've only tried the super quesadilla and burrito--carne asada. The quesadilla is a must! i've never had anything like. My friend swears by the quesadilla because the tortilla is fried perfectly, i agree. mmmm soft and crunchy! You're definitely getting a good deal at this joint. It would be awesome if they supplied some chips with the meal like other authentic mexcian restaurants. Parking is a little harder if you're not a student or live/work locally.La Vics... I can only give you 3 stars, and it's only because your orange sauce is pretty damn tasty... otherwise, you'd be a below average taqueria...Your burritos are loosely wrapped, mostly beans and rice and the meats are just not that inspiring...Your quesadillas are slightly better because a ton of cheese will, more often than not, taste better than beens and rice...There's only a few reasons why anyone should go to La Vics...1) To try the orange sauce2) When you're drunk3) Cuz you miss the orange sauce (yeah it does happen)4) Cuz Taqueria San Jose is closed or you lack a car to take you to a better Taqueria like La Bamba...Tip for the late night eaters... Call in your order before you go, those lines get crazy long at nightConclusion: 1 star for orange sauce, 1 star for being open late and 1 star for trying...The Orange Sauce! There are those who are in love with it, and then those who are ehhh about it.I go back to La Vics every now and then to satisfy my cravings. The menu consists of the typical food you would find at a Mexican restaurant: tacos, burritos, nachos, etc. The good thing about this place is the fact that they open so late and it's home style feeling. Don't be fooled by it's exterior layout, it's a really great place to kick it with friends and just relax especially upstairs away from the crowded line.The food is moderately priced as well as the portions. Last time I went I ordered regular nachos and a carne asada burrito. The nachos were on point but I felt like the burrito was lacking flavor even with the orange sauce on it. A major plus compared to other eateries is the fact that their soda prices are ridiculously cheap. Huge cup for under 10 bucks? Why not? If you're planning on showing up during the afternoon, expect the line that might extend to outside but with service so fast you won't notice it. The only thing that threw me off was how there were people asking for cash nearby the jack in the box as well as the usual hangovers from thursdays/fridays parties all around hangover center..I love this place. Their carnitas burrito with orange sauce is fantastic.I agree with some people that perhaps it's not the strongest burrito without the orange sauce, but that orange sauce is enough reason to choose La Vics over Iguanas ALWAYS.Whenever I get a burrito here they get the order wrong. I don't feel like it's complicated, I just ask for no salsa. Several times the meat in my burrito has been overly dry.I can't give them higher than a 3 because my order is consistently wrong or not satisfying.The orange sauce is pretty good, but not the best I've had. The service is always great though. Great when you don't to go anywhere else but not my preference for burritos. 1 star for price, 1 for friendly service, and 1 for the orange sauce.After watching my Alma Mater (Idaho Vandals) smash the San Jose Spartans a couple of my buddies from the area thought La Vics would hit the spot after of course a heavy tailgate session.Upon arrival I noticed that this had been one of the challenge locations from "Man vs Food". It's basically a two story house (top floor sealed off to customers) right dead smack on the University of San Jose campus so the wait gets perdy ugly, but trust me when I say IT IS WORTH IT!!! But if your appetite is impatient, then you better head on down to Jack in the Box  literally 10 feet away next door.I asked my friends what they recommend and off the bat they exclaimed CARNE ASADA QUESADILLA or QUESADILLASADA and DO NOT forget the infamous ORANGE SAUCE.    WOW! this place puts Alerto's/Alberto's/Arsenio's/Rigoberto's to shame! The meat was superb, succulent and very juicy, but the orange sauce is key. Damn right i filled up a gazillion of the little plastic containers and I was set. It had a tangy spice that was extremely flavorful!There are numerous reviews that dont give this place the props desired probably bcuz they are frequent visitors, but as an out of towner and eating at La Vics just once I have never looked at another burrito the same way I do with the Quesadillasada + orange sauce and let me remind you I live in Little Tijuana aka Santa Ana, so I've tasted good.Next time i'm in town you best believe i'll be tailgating on the front porch.I'm in town for a few days for work and a local recommended I try this place since it is walking distance from my hotel. I must say, I am very thankful for the recommendation. Cheap, delicious food. Dinner consisted of 3 tacos--carnitas, chicken and pastor. I recommend them in the order I typed them. Be sure to ask for the orange and green sauces. They are both great, though the orange sauce was my preference. The horchata was very good as well. 3 tacos and some horchata came out to just over $10.I have only visited this restaurant twice, and so far I really like it. I have only ordered the "super burrito de asada"  and that's because i think its one of the best burritos I've tasted. They also have a great variety of food in their menu, which i'm planing to try out in the future.  The service there is really good, the people who work there are really nice, they even offer to clean after you. It is a small place, but its still a fun place to eat at. It reminds me of restaurants in Mexico.There isn't parking though, i go to SJSU so i just used the parking lot from campus and walked to the place. it is a restaurant that people who are hanging out, around down town might want to check out.Also, I believe the prices are fair.So far I really like this taqueria, so I definitely recommend it!Was downtown and decided to stop here for dinner.  I have been here a couple of times before and was really craving a decent burrito...I ordered a chicken super burrito.  The burrito was mostly full of beans, hardly any meat and it was super spicy.  I even ordered it without salsa and it still seemed really hot.  The quality that they are known for, was just not there tonight.The orange sauce is good and I noticed that they give you a lot more with your order (take out) than before. Maybe to mask the taste of their mediocre food?Honestly it wasn't the worst burrito that I have had, but there are too many other decent establishments to give my money too.In complete conflict because you can't expect to find the super flour quesadilla and orange sauce combo to contribute to your overall physical well-being...BUT, they are delicious.  I haven't eaten La Vics for over a year now as I had to suffer through some unhappy stomach aches over an excess of orange sauce intake.Anyway, I still remember this place feeling very crowded and cramped-but the food + hanging with church folks was an awesome time no matter what.  I remember how half of us would wait on a table to open up while the rest stood in line...If you want food that is yum but a surefire addition for your love handles, come here.I've been coming here for a couple years now and I used to love this place and even crave it. It was the go-to burrito place and the go-to post-clubbing-drunkenness place. However, I came here today ordering the usual Lengua Super Burrito and it was just not good. The orange sauce did not even help and I feel like their orange sauce is a lot lighter also. The lengua in the burrito was rough and not as soft as before and I left feeling unsatisfied. Maybe this place just tastes better after a few drinks, who knows. The prices are average and they are strict about their orange sauce. A little too strict ....Also, parking is very limited and late at night, the streets around it are filled with loud, drunken, crazy people of all ages.The bouncers at this place are super superbly aggressively rude and ***holes.They kicked us out because the needle struck 2am.  Keep in mind, we just got our burritos less than 5 minutes.I will never go back!!!!I recommend get there way before 2am or try Iguana's around the block....better treatment.btw, the orange sauce is terrible.ZERO stars!!!Seattleite review (White Center neighborhood):Coming from an area that consists of mostly working-class people of varying cultures, I've seen my share of taco trucks and tried eating at several--including my most favorite one, Taqueria La Fondita in front of US Bank!  After hearing about La Vics and having the chance to visit San Jose, my friend and I stopped here on our way back from San Francisco.We ordered the super burrito, two tacos, and a helping of carne asada fries.  The tacos were double the size of what I was used to (makes sense--it costs more) and filled me up as I ate it with the burrito.  Carne asada fries were very good as well, I wish more places in Seattle had it since the only place I know, Memo's in U-District, wasn't too memorable.  Orange sauce was good, but nothing too amazing. There weren't any flavors that stood out too strong in it so I guess it's good for "wetting" the food.  I LOVED the green sauce--it had flavor and the spicyness to go along with it :)The food was great and I was not disappointed!I really love going here .The orange sauce to start off goes great with anything .The food is a bit pricey,but then again anything over 5 dollars is pricey for me .The way they cook the food is very well done it's done in a very old fashion way ! Nothing bad about the place except that you have to pay for refill your soda .My BF and I went to this location last night and we had the best La Vic food ever!  We've eaten at the other two locations many times, but this one was amazing.  I adore their carnitas tacos so I typically order them and the tacos I had last night were THE BEST!The orange sauce seemed extra spicy, but I usually slather too much on, anyway.  The only way I would improve this one?  Better temperature control (it was cold inside) and more comfortable seating (cold hard chair bench on cold night in cold dining room, not so good).I'll be back for more!Five Stars just for the Sauce! I went to SJSU and was introduced to La Vics as a college freshman. This has been a staple spot for me since then - to this day whenever I am in the San Jose area I need to stop by and get my fix.Fortunately they have opened a few more restaurants in the bay area, so I can still get that Orange Sauce no problem! However the food at the other places don't compare to the original location.I first had this place when I was in college and this was the only location. Now I believe they have 5.The truth is, the food is only slightly above average, and the seating and parking are horrendous, but the real reason to keep coming back is... THE ORANGE SAUCE.The orange sauce, as most people on here agree, is fantastic. I believe they actually changed the recipe slightly in the last couple years, but it has not changed the taste. I believe the orange sauce at one time had egg in it, but they now say it is vegan and also it no longer causes those... shall we say "after effects".Anyway, I live in SoCal now and I make it a point to come here whenever I'm in San Jose.Every time I'm anywhere near San Jose I always have to hit up La Vic's. Sober or not this place is crave-worthy.The orange sauce is made of magic that makes your tongue tingle and you walk out of there wishing you had snatched a whole bottle for yourself.The super burrito is solid but the secret weapon is that super quesadilla.Great Mexican food thats open late night. Their orange sauce is also very tasty, it is a little spicy but very tasty.Its great how they are open so late. Stopped by here after heading to Walmart in Gilroy and I'be heard so much about this place. ORANGE SAUCE! drench whatever you order in that orange sauce.The food was great we really liked it the only thing is that when I pay for a burrito thats 9 dollars I want a big burrito that has meat in it.  This burrito I had was like a regular and had a little meat and a lot of rice.  DON'T GET ME WRONG THE FOOD WAS GOOD!  I'm all about portions and prise.The burritos are okay and there are better. But the sauce is what makes this place magical. It makes the experience that much better. I love the place for nostalgic reasons (college &partying in DTSJ). I'm not sure if I would urge people to go out of their way, but it's worth a gander.Best La Vic's in DTSJ. The orange sauce and atmosphere feels SO much nicer than the other location and it's open much later.A gem in San Jose. I've maybe had better small fast burrito joints in San Diego, but this definitely passes as excellent.Only reason why i don't give them 5 stars is because of of their customer service. The cashiers aren't very friendly. I understand many people will not be happy working late at night but its your job so least you can do is smile. other than that the food is great! Everything on the menu is delicious especially their salsas. Love getting their breakfast burritos their cheap and very fulfilling.Long wait but good food for late night cravings. Have to get the special sauce (it's ranch and tobasco but better than it sounds).My favorite taqueria! I can't live without it. I crave it two days a week.Rather go to Taco Bell before I come back here and deal with a late night supervisor with a Napoleon syndrome. Trying to charge me almost $9 for a breakfast burrito. Lady must be completely out of her mind.Orange sauce forsure. Dont go here on a weekend or at night tho (downtown location) it is pacttttt. Burito was decent, what  I expected but the orange sauce really made it worth.It's about that time I write a review ! After coming here several times, I'm always satisfied by the way it taste. I love  real authentic Mexican food, and they know wassup. My main order is their burrito but I'm willing to try other things. Need sauce to go with your food tho ? La Vic's got chu. Ask for the ORANGE SAUCE foh dat ass. It's the best hot sauce I've ever had. Sorry, Tapatio & Sriracha. You can also buy a bottle of the orange sauce, make sure you hide it in a safe place. There's crazy people out there !  Stop reading this, and get your butt over there. Now.Orange Sauce, I put that sh*t on everything!!The finest burritos in downtown San Jose. Their salsa/sauce is unique; I can't get enough of this food. The only reason I don't go there more often is the lack of parking facilities anywhere near the store. This place gets crowded around 10.30pm -- the lines can be really long. Between 8pm-9pm is the right time to be here.Good food at large portions and low prices. I've gotten their super nachos and cheese nachos, and I can never manage to finish the plate.Finally got to try this place out and see what all the hype was about. Walked in wasn't busy luckily ordered a super burrito carne Asade everyone in it. Was surprised the price isn't to bad I was thinking it would be more expensive since it's popular. Lady asked if I wanted sauce I was like yeah since this is what people always talk about it. Anyways after that got my burrito with the orange sauce bottle and went upstairs to eat it all quiet except my burrito and I it was like a special date. Well I took my first bite was like eating a regular burrito. After you get that opening you add the sauce in the mix I added the orange sauce and it tasted good for awhile then felt to spicy. Then I added more got more spicy then tried again which I don't know why I kept adding more haha. Anyways I didn't enjoy the sauce tomuch wasn't suited for my taste bytes. But other then that the burrito was filling and was decent enough but I had better elsewhere. Overall would I come back maybe, would I recommend the sauce if you like spicy then go for itOrange sauce!!!!!!  Just makes everything better.  When I go here I always get the super corn and carne asada fries. The hubs gets the super flour and 2 plain quesadilla for my boys. Great prices  and they are cleani like my la vic's orange sauce with some carne asada super burrito on the side. buy a bottle of the amazing orange sauce so you always have some at home. or at work. i kept a bottle of it in the fridge at work (until i ran out - i need to restock) and would eat it with any burritos or tacos from anywhere (i don't work near la vic anymore -___-). the food is good enough but it's really the orange sauce that brings me back.Hella new interior. Kinda like the older way! Let's hope taste is the sameCarnitas is muy bien!!!!Yea this place is alright. The price is average and fair but i am concerned with how sanitary the food is. I swear i always seem to feel sick after i eat their food. But the taste of everything is still exceptional.I moved this area quite recently, one of my friends took me to La Victoria. I didn't know anything about the Orange sauce until I got there. The moment I tasted the sauce I was deeply in love with that joint. Been there couple of times since last month, I'd love to go there every Friday night with friends after the bar! A good place to get some good food.You can put that peanut sauce on anything and make it instantly delicious! Always a crowd so be prepared to wait and good luck getting a table. Definitely worth it though! I recommend their quesadillas and burritosOne of my Favorite Taqueria. Just love there BurritosMy husband and I ate here in January, and I have to say that I'm glad I finally tried it after wanting to try it for so long since I attended State back in the days. It was busy when we arrived at noonish. The menu is small and the price is very affordable. The food came out fast and the portion was decent. Their orange sauce is the best ever! They have both up and downstairs seating and they accept credit cards. What stinks is there's only street parking so it makes it hard to stop by and eat when I want to as there's rarely parking.They have the bombest "Orange Sauce"!!!!! Its so good that I always buy a bottle of the sauce. Although I do think they overprice it but what the hell, you cant get it anywhere else. Try the sauce on everything you can think of. I put it on my pizza, fried chicken, and salads.I am beyond obsessed with the orange sauce here! I dont live in the San Jose area but I usually try to make it a point to stop by and grab a few bottles of their sauce when i get the chance because then i put it on EVERYTHING at home!I love the Super Flour Quesadillas! Their Orange Sauce tastes good on everything, I even ask for additional sauce to use as my chips dip. Parking can be hard unless you want to park in Jack in the Box's lot (at your own risk).delicious food, made fresh, great customer service.The breakfast burritos are delicious and hit the spot when you're craving some hearty comfort food. I usually get mine with only eggs, potatoes, cheese and sour cream. Mmmm!This Place is ok, im not a fan of the sauce but others i know love it.it gets really packed on weekend nights.. but its in downtown san jose what els would you expect? bars and clubs everywhere, and the university is literally next door. worth the wait in my book though the lines don't stop me!The orange sauce makes the food.La Vic- Is great mainly because no one else is open that late.  The food is marginal at best, but the atmosphere is good and the pricing is ok.  Other than that, they just need to bring up the food quality a tad, and I'd be a big fan.not the best but second to itIf you are a fan of traditional taquerias and love authentic Mexican food this place is just terrible. Just exaggerating it feels like someone threw up on a tortilla put some lettuce on it and wrapped it up. Obviously everyone can agree that the "orange sauce" is the greatest asset of La Victoria but that still doesnt drown out the foul taste in your mouth =( Thinking about bringing your family here during thursday nights? Trust me you might as well grab some Burger King go home and watch Netflix. It is extremely annoying to find parking and i guarantee you will be surrounded by drunken college kids who could barely stand on their own two feet. If you come here on college weekends be sure to BYOC (Bring Your Own Chair). It's difficult as hell to find a table especially with the size of this venue. Regardless of how much you order they always give you a limited amount of orange sauce which kinda sucks considering thats the main reason why people go there. Nonetheless, if you are faded off this planet and drank one too many Long Islands and you don't care what you eat, just as long as you eat, i recommend you go here. To make the long story short buy a bottle of "orange sauce" and get some Iguanas *Nom Nom*Pros: Orange Sauce Cons: Limited Parking SpaceHorrible FoodSmall Crowded AreaHorrible Food Only One Bathroom for HELLA PeopleDid i Mention the Food?Overall: I am GENEROUSLY giving two stars because the sauce is herraa good and its open late. I'll probably regret rating it that high in the morning but if you ever go there try to enjoy your food.....or not. =)I just have to say one thing: this place gives me the runs. I loved the super nachos but I didn't really think highly of the burritos. The orange sauce was delicious-- but you just know it's made out of all kinds of fattening ingredients. I've gone twice and haven't had a hankering for it since the last time-- probably because of my traumatic experience on the toilet. It's definitely a decent Mexican food joint to go to near SJSU-- but if you want really delicious Mexican food in San Jose, I wouldn't recommend stopping by La Vics. The place is definitely a hole-in-the-wall type of place and always frequented by SJSU students on weekdays. I'm not saying I wouldn't go back or that you shouldn't try La Vics-- but just be wary that you may need to go to the bathroom a few hours after eating.The two stars is for their signature orange sauce, but the burritos could stand to use a pick me up. They are super stingy about their orange sauce to the point that it just seems ridiculous, I bought a bottle of their sauce once and was using it while eating and one of the employees tried to swipe it away. Food is okay, I much prefer the burritos at Iguanas, but the sauce is admittedly worth the hype.My husband likes the orange sauce but I felt like the sauce was salty.  I cook my food with low sodium so my palette is sensitive to salt. I know many people are fans of the orange sauce but I am not. I just had a burrito here, carnitas was tasty. I would come back if I'm in the neighborhood.good burritosIve been coming to la vics for about 2 years and they have really good food BUT i think they changed a recipe or something because the food tastes so different, i mean you can still enjoy the burrito with the orange sauce but something changed overall (meat,recipe,who knows)I don't see the hype about this place. There needs to be more seating because it's always full. Orange sauce is fire thoughsteak quesadilla with orange sauce.eat itttt.Orange sauce... who cares about the rest....Yummmy orange sauce never fails! Great Burritos.Very good...very small...very busy...hot sauce is unique, hot and good.  I have had a better burrito, but this is a solid choice and should not be missed.I would pass on the chips...they tasted slightly stale and were not salted.  I have had better out of a bag.This place is famous among the downtown crowd, especially the students for its late night eats. The orange sauce is definetley laced with some form of addictive substance, likely cocaine. The food isnt amazing like some people have stated, I've never had a problem with the Super Burrito or the Chicken Tacos. But it is cheap, fast Mexican food. So dont expect to be blown away by the quality of the carne asada. But in my humble opinion, the sauce makes up for the shortcomings of the food. Very cramped dining area as stated before. Its best to grab and go if you have a place close by to sit and eat.  Definetely a good stop after the bar.After being lost for 1 hour,  I finally found the "place". Burritos taste like burrito you get any other taqueria. Nothing special, other than you don't get sick *cough*burrito factory on blossom hill*cough* I didn't really find anything so great about the sauce. My friend said it was Ok. The service is horrible. Well I didn't have any problem but other around me  had there orders messed up many times. You can't really blame the servers cause its bassically ran by 2 young girls. One has to do the cleaning the tables and putting out order and answering phone. While the other takes orders. The place is so small you can't really have more people working back there either..Pros: CHEAP, OPEN late, close to sjscCON: Food. Sevrice. Over hypeThe first time I went here I was sorely disappointed and I felt like this place was hugely overrated. I didn't think I'd ever go out of my way to come back here again.However, since that first time I have been back multiple times because of the convenience and because of their mediocre food and mind-blowing orange sauce. I don't really know what's in the sauce and I think I'm perfectly happy not knowing but I think it's one of the best things San Jose has to offer. (I don't really know why they started selling by the bottle because they'd make a lot more money forcing people to come back to buy their food in order to get a fix of the orange sauce like what McDonald's does with their sweet and sour sauce.) Because of their orange sauce, my mind has been changed since by first visit and I will go out of my way to eat here. In fact, I even have cravings for their stuff even though I never though I would.I also really like how they sell their coke in the glass bottle because anyone who has had coke in Mexico knows that their IS a difference between "hecho en mexico" coke and American coke (something about how coke in the States uses corn syrup because the price to import sugar is too high and how coke in mexico uses real sugar. It's slightly healthier for you too I suppose.) This is huge, huge bonus of eating at La Vic's.Parking sucks cause it's downtown and I always run into someone I know so now I just kindly ask my boyfriend go get the food while I stay out in the car. =)What parking? Have your friends wait in the idleing car while you run inside for your to-go order.  I've been going here for years and although the food is unremarkable (except maybe the nachos) their claim to fame is that addictive Orange Sauce.  Even though I moved away I always stop by and pick up a couple of bottles (one for home and one for those blah office lunches).  A cousin visiting from Canada was flying back through SFO with a bottle and those baggage scanners took one look  and knowingly nodded to her and said "La Vic".  Yes, it's that good.The gimmick here seems to be the orange sauce, and it's certainly worth a try.I came here and tried a carne asada quesadilla.  The tortilla was crunchy and buttery, and the orange sauce definitely made the quesadilla even more tasty.  The beef was a little bit dry and the guacamole was more runny than what I'm normally used to, but it was still very good.For $5 it wasn't as filling as I would have liked, but the taste and their orange crack sauce will keep me coming back, I recommend it.3 Stars for the orange sauce.For a late night quick snack, i would definitely rank this taqueria as one of the best. A lot of my friends say that this is the best taqueria in San Jose but i respectfully disagree. The food is OK, the service is horrible. The lines are always long and no place to sit down to enjoy your meal. Parking around this area is a pain in the butt. On top of that, the food is not something a person watching the calorie meter should indulge in. BUT!After any party or any club event, the most righteous place to head to is LA Vics, It is that quick fix for having such a great time and now we are hungry feeling. A perfect way to end the night. Hands down! Would recommend to others.First time here today. I had the carne asada super burrito. Very good. It's exactly what i like in a burrito. As for the orange sauce. It's good but not as great as everyone claims it to be. I think it would be great for other things not necessarily a burrito. I'd go back at some point.Amazing orange sauce, amazing breakfast burritos and really great carnitas super-burritos!The whole converted 2-story house thing is cool, but a little tight for space on the inside. Still beats most other mexican restaurants for ambiance, though.If your stumbling around at 1:00 in the moring in downtown San Jose and feel the need to stuff your face, then you might want to head over to La Vic. It's possibly the best food you could have to soak up the alchohol in your stomach after a hard night of clubin.  But after a while you realise the only reason you keep coming back is for the orange sauce. The food just isnt that great to be honest. It's heavy, the food leaks( I mean it really really drips all over the place ) and the flavors just arent there. La vic's food is simply a vehical for the orange sauce , so that you don't feel like a crack addict, because you know you want to free base the stuff.  So do yourself a favor and buy a bottle of orange sauce and head over to "Muchos" in downtown San Jose.I've been going here for years.. their burritos and quesadillas are good, but are pretty much nothing without their orange sauce. The price is reasonable and the service is fairly quick. The only real complaint I have is about is the parking. They "share" a parking lot with jack in the box. It's actually jack in the box's parking lot so there's a $2 fee to park there at night, but they're not as strict during the day.Nonetheless, I'll keep going back there as long as they have their orange sauce (:The Orange Sauce can't be beat, I come to San Jose once a year on business and make sure to stop at La Vic at least twice, once for breakfast burritos and once for a super burrito.I have noticed the quality go down a bit, but the sauce keeps bringing me back, the price is right and, did I mention the orange sauce?Little Background Information:I have been going to this place for years ever since my freshmen year at SJSU in 2007.However I believe it has dramatically changedAppearance:The restaurant is in an old style Victorian house.  The inside is updated and remodeled and overall clean.The inside is very well lit however the main room is small. There is not a lot of parking out front however in general there is a lot of parking in the area. No Music, however I would guess to hear hip-hop or a local radio station because of its location and there general clientele are clubbers, bar hoppers and college kids. Service:Like any other Taqueria, however sometimes the servers/help are impatient, but they are helpful. They are very conservative of their " Orange Sauce" they will come to your table and take the bottle if your finishing up your food before your even done or the bottle is empty. However they do keep the place clean.  They also have night security which is a big plus in my book because all the college/ clubbers drunks will be handled if necessary.I have also seen the security guard stop someone from stealing the orange sauce.  Food/Taste:as of 1/12/09Soft tacos are delicious, the steak/meat is very savory, while the toppings are a nice mix. The Burritos are ok, they have gone down hill since my freshmen year. Recently I went and the Carnesada(steak) burrito was mediocre  if not terrible. The steak was over cooked if not burnt; I say this because of the steak was dry and crunchy. The other toppings/fillings are good however very cheap with the sour cream and guacamole. The mysterious "orange sauce" is mildly spicy and pretty tasty. The price are a bit high for what you get. But their open late.DrinksThey have beer and soda. However you have to pay for refills on your sodas. Tips: This place is open late night/early morning 3AM, thus after clubbing/bar hopping a great place to go if you dont want IHOP or "traditional" Fastfood. Have a Friend order your food while you try to get a table. when the place is packed and tables are scarce while the room is small.  Take the first parking space you see.As stated in other reviews, the food itself is nothing special. There are much better burritos out there. However LA ORANGE SAUCE is an F-in 5 STARS. Can't get enough of it. I buy five bottles at a time when I am in San Jose.For such a little place, their food sure is great! I don't know much about "authentic" Mexican food, but I'll be darned if this wasn't the best I've had. The service is what you'd expect of a fast food restaurant, not bad but not great. They take your oder and smile. Other than amazing taste, I'm really happy with the choices given to you. Corn or flour tortilla, what kind of meat, what size, and other such things you can choose to your liking. And, of course, their famous sauce isn't famous for nothing.This is my go-to restaurant when I'm in the mood for some amazing (non-diet) Mexican food. I'd recommend it to others gladly.It's all about the orange sauce.  I'm officially addicted.  Can't survive long without it.  We eat here once a week.  The veggie tostadas are fabulous.  That's what I always get.  Crispy shell and they do not skimp on the cheese and sour cream. yum yum yum.  It's a small place and seats are hard to come by, but we usually get it to go.  Great taqueria!The orange sauce is where it's at.This place is very good. I love the super big veggie burritos. They are so big and yummy yummy in my tummy.  It's like a whole meal in a burrito.  I barely can finish one and that's only if you loosen the belt.  Ya can't eat here every day cause the super goodness will go to a super duper belly.  Oh man get the orange sauce, it has a nice burn and the after taste is amazing.  But watch out if you eat too much you might have a little after burn. :)It's not my favorite mexican place, but it sure gives my favorite place a run for it's money.  Yaaaahooooo.Okay so I eat here more than I'd like cause late nights with buddies and everyone wants to go here. Maybe it's cause I'm not into the orange sauce. Maybe its the grease. Maybe it's because I expect everything to taste super delicious when I'm drunk and this place just has never given me that great drunk eating feeling. I don't know, but I've had the burritos, the tacos, and chicken quesidillas (which is pretty good actually so I gave a star for it) but yeah, I usually now just walk to Jack in the Box right next door.I am veggie and their burritos are pretty decent.But the main part about this restaurant is the SAUCE! The orange sauce is so darn good, you can eat it with almost anything. Go here and pour your orange sauce heart away. The only thing that sucks is they don't give you much sauce if you take it to go, so I suggest you eat there.Great little place if you like burritos.They are most well known for the secret Orange sauce they give you with your food. You can use as much orange sauce as you want when eat there but if you order take out they just give you a few small containers for it.If you like the orange sauce so much you can actually purchase a bottle of it for $5 i believe.La Vics is one of those local restaurants that has a cult following that can be traced back for years.  Its a place where despite its newly (a couple of years now) renovated facade is still not a architectural marvel.  In fact, if not for the orange sauce La Vics may have never broken through the lines of the countless unexceptional taquerias that plague the streets of San Jose.  La Vics has used this extraordinary sauce and blended just the right combination of foods to accompany it.  I love La Vics, but I can honestly say that if not for the orange sauce, I would not drive as far as I do to get La Vics. I would recommend a handful of the items on the menu, but by no means is this gourmet.  But any one of the items on there menus, or anyone menus from Italian to Chinese food, can be much improved with a touch of the Orange Sauce.Beats Taco Bell or Del Taco, but not the real deal.   I grew up in Los Angeles and have lived in the East Coast for about the past 6 years -- the first thing on my to-do list when I come back to Cali is get some authentic Mexican food.  (There isn't much on the east coast).     I ordered 3 tacos Al Pastor -- Based on the excellent reviews of this place, I expected the traditional style you get with the spiced pork normally sliced from the meat, or even a bit with grilled pineapple.  (Sorry, love the way they do it in Mexico City).   Instead I got some shredded meat mixed with a bean like sauce slopped on top of two flour tortillas.    Ummmm...this reminds me of the "Mexican-Salvadorian food" that is everywhere in DC.     BUT -- the staff were awesome there, I ordered in Spanish and they offered extra of everything.    I'm willing to bet the burritto's there are awesome.     I also asked to try this orange sauce (que tiene esa salsa naranja??   Chiles!).....and the lady gave me like 10 containers.Overall -- good fill for a late night, the people were great, but don't expect any serious authentic food.Every time I go hear I'm a little more disappointed by everything. I went here tonight cause Iguanas was closed.Super Burrito is on the small side for $6 and is pretty average in taste. That is about 80% of why this place gets 2 stars. The orange sauce is good, but doesn't compel me to go back especially if there is any kind of lineAlways, always busy. When compared to places like Iguanas and Freebirds it feels very disorganized when it gets that way.  The person at the cash register couldn't care less about you, though the order call lady was pretty cool.  A bit cramped after you order, where the hell am I supposed to stand? Not bad a bad option if it is the only burrito place openORANGE SAWCE (Rick Ross voice). My sis attends SJSU and had to see what the fuss was about. I wish Cal had something like this during my time there.+ Delicious, flaky quesadilla...dripping wet if you order it with chicken.+ Burrito wasn't bad at all, same goes for the al pastor.- Dining area can be a bit packed at times, but hey...head on down to Iguanas and squat all over their outdoor patio, ha.I've been here twice out of the 4/5 years I've been going to SJSU, so I've been missing out a lot of the eateries around campus. So the second time I went to La Vics, I brought my brother to show him that there are more places other than Chipotle. I ordered the regular burrito with carnitas and the brother ordered the regular with carne asada. Brother said that the meat was smoky and he liked it. I liked that the burrito wasn't too dry and that the orange sauce gave an extra kick to the burrito. I will come again, if I don't get lazy from walking from BBC to La Vics.GROSS. the Super Nachos : expensive and disgusting. The carne asada was way too salty! I swore I would never go back there! Until my friend and I had nowhere else to eat and I decided to give it one more try..i ordered the chorizo taco and to no surprise at all..NASTY! I don't understand the hype with this place, it sucks. And their orange sauce is no gem.La Vics, an SJSU staple and mainstay... I can't say I am too much of a fan.First off, I am not the biggest fan of the orange sauce. It's too spicy and while it has flavor, I'm never one for spicy things but I try to bear it since it's good in small amounts. I have ordered standard nachos and breakfast burritos on numerous occasions and have felt unsatisfied. The burritos are passable if you get them before the price jumps during the "afternoon." The burritos are big and filling but I can't tell the difference from the ingredients which is very disappointing. I love breakfast burritos and these just don't cut it.The nachos come in a huge tray but you better eat them quick before they cool... or else the consistency completely changes and they become absolutely unbearable. I don't know what kind of cheese they're using but it's gross to say the least.I do have to say, the hours and the grilled chicken burritos are great. I will usually tag along if people are heading to there or I will walk around the corner to one of the other Mexican locations with better fare.Lets just list it outFood : Terrible(from the perspective of a San Diegan that has easy access to good Mexican food) - Super Burrito: 'meh', college dining halls are better. - Nacho Cheese Fries: absolutely disgusting from anyone's point of view. I was not sure if that grainy 'sand' taste was the cinnamon from the horchata or the fries, but, unfortunately it was from the fries. I am not the type to be picky in food; I'll almost always eat and finish what ever is put in front of me, but these fries were like a sludge of beans, potato, and cream. I could not finish it without feeling uneasy (and we were sober when we went) - Orange Sauce: good, but it doesn't make up for the food. You might as well drink the sauce instead of eating the food. People drench their food in the stuff anyways.***Note: The food will leave you unreasonably gassy for a week or so if you go more than once in a couple of days. I don't get gassy from eating Mexican food, but something about La Vics is just wrong.Environment: Pretty bad (people who go there at least) - People in line will tell others that they are closing, so the line can be shorter - On the wall there's a Sigma Nu sign, which I find to be a bit classless. Thug Life San Jose, making restaurants frat turf is really unnecessary.Local San Jose-ians put it simply as, "No one goes to 'La Vics' to just eat 'La Vics'. They go because it's drunk people food and for the orange sauce."The food is okay and their special sauce is amazing.Love the Veggie Burrito, and Chile Relleno Burritos. Nachos are superbCame here one a week day around dinner time and it was pretty packed (San Jose State is nearby). Thankfully we were able to find a seat to sit down. It was very hard to find parking nearby but I heard good things about this place. You place your order at a counter.  Food wasn't too expensive and the food was descent. In all I will probably come back again one more time but perhaps on a weekend or when school is out of session.Always exactly what I need at 2 in the morning. :)Love the orange sause.  been to all of them.  they rock!used to be betterThe super flour quesadillas are some of the best Mexican food I have ever had. I've had them with steak, but I'm sure the carne asada ones are delicious as well. They are very crispy and on the cheap side as well. I have wandered to La Vics in the middle of the night many times and they are always a very satisfying midnight meal. Make sure to stalk up on the orange sauce as well for the burritos. The carne asada fries are pretty good as well, but the quesadilla is the best item on the menu by far. The restaurant is a little sketchy late at night, but still delicious.Always have problems when coming here. I never leave happy.Horrible horrible service. The food is alright but very very greasy. The ladies that work here don't know how to treat their customers at all. Almost every time I've come here I had some thing come up and my last experience I just had it. They gave me nachos instead of carne asada fries. It appears the same on the receipt so there was no proof. She insisted she took the right order and refused to change it for me. She was extremely rude to me. After refusing to change it for me, she helped another customer and left my food on the counter I tried to get her attention so I can get my food back but  I had to wait like 3 minutes to get her attention and get it back.Great Food...Great Service...Highly Recommended ! !!This place is famous for that orange sauce! Im sure this food would be fairly typical Mexican cuisine without it, but with it..WHOOO DOGGIE!! YUMMYYYYY!Best taqueria in san jose.  Love the orange sauce!It's decent. Not what I expected. The nachos wasn't even great, and our total of 25 bucks tasted bland.Okay, this place is not CLASSY CLASSY, but there is nothing better than coming to La Vic's after a night of bar hopping and getting a plate of nachos with orange sauce.  OMG I'm not even drunk now and I want some!This is the place to go to after a long night out! The super burrito is not as good as the regular burrito to me. The chicken also needs work. I do enjoy their steak in a regular burrito as well as a super quesadilla! The infamous orange sauce is what made this place. Be careful not to eat so much of the sauce because its not spicy when you are eating it... but its going to give you problems the next day in the rear.They make some pretty good quesedillas and burritos.  The orange sauce is a definite when eating from here.I've lived in San Jose for about 6 years now and I have always had the veggie quesadilla when I go there. I do eat all kinds of meat but I prefer the veggie one here. It is absolutely great with the orange sauce!!Orange sauce. That's all.Muy BuenoAbove average burrito, ridiculously addictive "orange sauce". Usually stop by when i'm in downtown. Would recommend.Man I love La Vic's orange sauce. I went to school in SD so when it comes to Mexican food, I miss it! Everything is pretty good, especially the burritos. Everything is priced fairly and you don't have to wait.This one is right next to my school. One of my favorite places to go during my gaps.If you are a Vegetarian, please beware while accepting the order from the counter and recheck before consuming the food.. Many times they have goofed up orders and served meat, when told NOT to..It seems, that many times the person accepting the order is NOT well acquainted with English and end up messing up your orders..I have also seen cases (with my friends), who ordered food items with meat; but ended up getting vegetarian things served..It's not that they always mess up the orders, but it has happened thrice with me.. So now, I have pledged not to step inside this place..Pros: Quick serviceCons: The place stinksGoof-up of ordersThe staff not so well-versed with EnglishI've only been here one time...and I never had a burrito at any other place that was better than the one I had here. I need to come back ASAP! I ordered the supreme burrito with lengua (beef tongue). It was soooooo delicious. The tongue was so tender and juicy. What makes the burrito is the orange sauce. The best orange sauce I've tried, and it's awesome that they bottle it and sell it :) I would say this place is better than Iguana's.I love this place. The flavor of the food is good and everything is prepared to perfection. And don't get me started on their orange hot sauce. I can drink gallons of that stuff! I always order the super taco or the super corn quesadilla. YUMMY!!!Love there breakfast burritos!! so go and you can get them late at night if you want to pay a little extra but so worth it. There quesadilla is so disgusting, there other burritos are alright, cant mess up on a burrito. it just seem like they do not cut the fat off their meat cuz there is tons of it!My friends and I came by one night, and my friend asked the girls at the counter where the ice was since she burned her finger. They said "we don't have any", and my friend thinking that she or they didn't hear right, asked again, only to receive the same answer. She then asked if they had water, and of course the answer was no. I found the soda fountain and got her ice from there, and ordered food asking for a cup of water but was told that there are only water bottles sold. I bought a soda cup to fill up with water for my friend -__-After all of that, our food finally arrived only to find the meat dry and the tacos cold. I've been at this location before and the food was fine, so it must have been because it was friday night and they were really busy, but needless to say it was not worth our time and money and we will not be returning to that location. I would rather go to a place where the cashiers KNOW that they have ice.carne asada super tacos are to die for!!! then add some of their orange salsa and you are in for a treat!Good drunk food, but it's so hyped up and not that good.  There is a taqueria down the street and around the corner that is better.This place is really good, sometimes it can get really packed. Don't forget to try their orange sauce.Best tacos I've had in Northern California. The orange sauce is superb. Good food without all the pretensions. I'm a regular here.La Vick's has great burritos. Open late is a plus and its right across the street from San Jose State I come here for lunch sometimes.their sauce is so bomb ! I love this placeThe food is great, but La Victoria is famous for its Orange Sauce, which seems to be mayonnaise-based and suffers from lack of refrigeration.  I hang out with a bunch of faculty members at San José State, and many of them refuse to eat at La Victoria any more because they believe they've gotten food poisoning from non-refrigerated Orange Sauce.  It isn't as though the restaurant doesn't do its best, but the lunch crush is so great that the stuff just passes from hand to hand for a couple of hours.  But avoid the OS and the tacos and burritos are terrific.So I've been here quite a few times and I wish it were possible to give it 3 1/2 stars. I've only gotten the burritos and they are pretty mediocre. What makes La Vics is the ORANGE SAUCE! It's impossible to think of La Vics without it. It would be like going to a sushi restaurant that didn't have any wasabi and soy sauce times 10!!!!!! You just can't do it; the world would implode if somebody ate the food without the sauce. Don't let yourself and the the world down by eating La Vics without the ORANGE SAUCE.Orange sauce is phenomenal. Best Taqueria ever. Try the quesadilla, NOTHING comes close to their food. Would also highly recommend the Torta. I personally like the location in Alameda better, since its more spacious. However, the on San Jose Downtown isn't bad either.Good Ambience. Awesome Service, Friendly crew. Their Sangria is great. Dont try the Bubbly drinks on the first page if you are a guy :) Couple of my friends did and they werent cool with it. They have a good Syrah. Take Sangria by the barrel, its worht it.Well damn this place is crowded!  I think La Vicks is a bit overrated but it was definitely worth a try.  Its not expensive and it fills you up, that's for sure.  They have a lot of options and do them right.  I had a carnitas burrito and tried a quesadilla, both tasted good, but nothing really beats an Oakland taco truck.  Maybe its just me, but their orange sauce did not taste what a lot of people made it out to be.  Its a bit hectic, but they are super efficient.OK, what can I say that has not already been said about La Vic?  Probably nothing new, but I can back up a lot of what has been said about it.1.  The orange sauce really is crack.  I am in love with it.2.  The burritos are really good- my favorite is the carne asada super or the chicken super (that said when it comes to the meat choices, I'm not too adventurous).3.  Breakfast burritos are a great deal and are great...with the orange sauce :).  They do charge more for cheese so watch out for that.Love La Vic.Great Mexican food for fast-food type restaurant. Just like most other people, it's a great after the bar food.Don't come here looking for authentic Mexican food. I'm convinced that the majority of people who enjoy the food here only do because their taste buds are blinded by the popularity of the place. As a Mexican, I can tell you that it was nowhere near the level of deliciousness that real Mexican food is at.One star for the orange sauce.  Everything else was completely nasty.  My "super burrito" had no salsa, no guacamole, and no rice.  To top it off, the cheese in my burrito was still in solid chunks.  Oh yea, and I asked for no beans, and guess what I got....BEANS.  Oh and you think i'm done, i'm not.  My water had coffee grounds in it.  You know what, given all this lack of ingredients and addition of beans that I wanted, it did NOT taste good.  Left such an awful taste in my mouth, that I fled the scene as soon as possible!There food is good, not the best, until you add the ORANGE sauce.  Then  the food becomes the best taqueria food in town.  You must use the ORANGE sauce!!!The parking sucks.  I didn't care when I was a student, but now that I have to drive there, it sucks -- but so does most of downtown parking.Try their nachos.  They are good, although a few times I have gotten stale chips -- but the cheese "soggs" them out, so you can't tell.  If you get them to go, you get a bigger portion.If you speak Spanish, order in Spanish ... I have found they are nicer and sometimes hook it up.If you think this place is actually good then you are either mentally handicaped or you have never been to a good taqueria! The orange sauce is the only good thing about it! If it was so good why do you only see stupid college kids there that have no taste? Go steal a bottle of orange sauce and hit up a real taqueria!La Vic's has got to be one of the most convenient awesomly good taquerias ever. since the first time i went there, i was hooked and find myself trying to find an excuse to stop by and grab a Carnitas Super Burrito.  But that was years ago, when the orange sauce was FREE and they weren't so stingy with it!!!  Of course its no big surprise that everyone who goes there LOVES the sauce. but it kind of feels like they are sell outs a little.  now you pay $6 a bottle, and if you are a To Go customer, you have to pay $.50 per extra sauce. boooooooooooooo!!!  i suppose we all have to adjust to the economy....and i also noticed the quality of their meat has been HORRIBLE lately. i ordered carnitas and let me just say they might as well have substituted it for wet cardboard.but still its a great place to go....and the best thing that ever happened to college!5 words: BEST BURRITOS AND SAUCE EVER!!!!!Their customer service SUCKS, but you know what? I would give ppl crappy customer service too if I knew they'd come back over and over and OVER again for the food! They can totally do what they want, that is how good their food is :) :) :)Let's just say,I had me a great dinner! I had carne asada buritto.the quesadilla's are also hella bomb.orange sauce......mhm!So I've only been here twice. The first time was last year, and I ordered two chicken soft tacos. Nothing special. I tried the orange sauce, but I also know what it's made up of, so it wasn't my favorite. The food was bland. And then I went there maybe a month ago? I ordered a chicken burrito with guacamole, sour cream, etc. It was huge, and difficult to eat, and very watery/messy. It was also boring and BLAND. No flavor in their meat, beans, or rice. and I couldn't even find the guac or sour cream.The main reason everyone loves this place is because of their orange sauce. And that's because that sauce is probably the only way to enhance their food. Or at least their burritos and soft tacos. My burrito was so bland that I didn't feel like eating anymore and ended up throwing away 3/4 of it. If the only way to enjoy this food is by piling on their orange sauce, I will pass. Walk around the corner to Iguana's. I can eat and ENJOY their burritos without drenching everything in a questionable sauce.I have tried La Vic's about 100 times since I moved to San Jo about 7 years ago... Originally, I loved this place! In the last 2 years, this place has taken a turn for the worst... The service is okay.. The food is mehhh (watery meat and bland taste).. The orange sauce that everyone raves about is pure lard is enjoyable if you don't eat it drunk (if you do eat it late night prepare to call in sick the following morning because you'll feel like *%^$!)In San Jose, there are a million better places to get a burrito (try taking a walk around the block either direction HINT HINT)I went here a few nights ago and got food poisoning. I ordered a vegetarian quesadilla, surprising right? Either someone did not wash their hands or their was cross-contamination. Regardless, the experience was horrible and I wouldn't wish it upon anyone. My boyfriend got the al pastor burrito, which he enjoyed, but later suffered an upset stomach. His experience wasn't nearly as bad as mine but needless to say, I regret coming here for dinner.First things first, I'm a Mexican food connoisseur. So I'd like to think I'm somewhat of a expert in this type of food. I was first introduced to La Victoria through a friend who swears that this is the best Taqueria in the bay area, and that their orange salsa is exceptional. Being the foodie that I am, I went and ordered their chicken burrito. My impression of the place at first sight was good. It's small with limited seating and had a pretty long line and all the tables were filled. This I thought was gonna be a great burrito. In my experience the small, hole in the wall joints have the best food. I was very excited to dig into my burrito. I drenched the first bite in their orange salsa and dug in. The first bite was good. The chicken was moist, and it was seasoned well. The extras in it were ample, not too much, not too little, and yes, the orange salsa was delish. All in all it was a good burrito. Not great, not horrible, just...good. I would disagree with my friend that they have the best burritos in the bay. I have had better. I would say that the best part of the burrito was the orange salsa. The next time I ate there was after a night of debauchery and drinking and the food tasted much better. Now this could be due to the fact that I was drunk and I think at that point a deep fried boot would have been tasty to me. So consider the state I was in to really fairly judge their food. The next time I went there (and the last) I got sick. Two bites into it and I felt nauseous. I was able to get through half of it, and that was it. About 30 mins later and I was sick. Now, I don't think it was food poisoning, but there was something that just didn't go down well. All in all, it's worth the trip for the orange salsa and perhaps I should try something other than the chicken burrito. Would I eat here again? Sober-No, Drunk- yes.La vics is overrated and over-hyped. It's only popular because the sauce there is amazing and they're open late-in my opinion. Along with other food, the seasoning and sauce that compliments a certain meal really defines and enhances what would have been an ordinary meal into something special. In saying that, burritos and other items they have on the menu at this restaurant are less than impressive to other mexican restaurants that I've experienced. Basically I can buy the sauce they got in there and feel like I'm eating La Vics food on anything that I put its sauce on at home.Service is okay. The wait is acceptable since it is in a very busy business area. Also parking is difficult so walking is a wiser method of getting there. I didn't have a bad experience here whatsoever but the taste of the food was hardly desirable. To describe the taste of their food on a scaled of 0-5, it'd be a higher score the more drowned in sauce it would be. It's all about the sauce there...period. I won't be returning and never will unless I'm hungry after a late night party or outing at night.The most important thing to note about La Vic's is that the orange sauce makes the meal. The food alone is good for a taqueria, however compare it to the other choices in downtown San Jose, and the food is pretty standard. Still, you have to go to La Vic's to get the orange sauce, so you might as well get a super burrito to go with it. Living in downtown SJ, having this place open till 3 A.M. is a big plus. I have had countless times where it's 2:30, and looking for food. If you can wait in the long lines, the food is worth it over JBox and Hoagie Steak Out.I would recommend getting a super burrito, if your appetite is strong. The tacos are also good, as well as the quesadillas. Super nachos are okay, however they get soggy quite fast (due to nacho cheese sauce). As for meats, I tend to get carnitas or carne asada, and the selection of meats is pretty good. Positives:-Open Late (3 A.M.)-Orange sauce-Reasonably priced-Good portions-Good downtown location (especially for SJSU students)Negatives:-Almost always crowded-Takes a while for orders-Can be conservative when it comes to orange sauce (ask for several)-Not amazing without orange sauceTough to give this one a rating because the food is a bit iffy, but the sauce can make anything taste good. The key to "eating" here is to buy one of the big cases of the sauce and then go order food from somewhere else. Tons of Mexican food places have better food, but nobody has a better sauce.I am a bit scared to know what they put in it, but as long as I don't find out, I don't have a problem putting this on just about anything I eat. The place is always crowded, and I don't think anyone orders food without asking for extra sauce.Ooooh La Vic. I used to love you. I remember when the orange sauce was actually orange. Now it's kind of a yellow-orange. La Victoria is really hit or miss for me. It's sad how downhill it has gone. Also, when are they ever going to finish the one on Santa Clara street?! Unfortunately I have had more bad experiences than good lately. I had a friend that referred to their meat burritos as "Cartilage Burritos", so true. It's kind of a burrito roulette, 'Which bite is going to be the fat piece?!" They definitely over stuff their burritos with beans, hey I love beans, but the bean to meat ratio is ridiculous. Many times I have also experienced hard and crunchy rice, as if it has sat for a long period of time in open air. My last experience at the one on San Carlos resulted in...cinnamon flavored tortillas?! It wasn't just me either, after eating for a few minutes in complete silence my friends and I exchanged, "Do you taste the cinnamon too?" glances. We all agreed that churros and burritos should not be combined. If it's open, skip La Vic and head to Iguana's. They have an orange sauce that is actually orange! And they have waaaay more seating. And better food. Sorry La Vic, at least we have the memories.Very good sauce, awesome tasting bean and cheese burrito! A must visit if you're in the San Jose area!bombbeanandcheese.com - Rating the best bean and cheese burritos in California!Orange sauce, orange sauce, orange sauce! If for no other reason, let alone that the food is great, I would go there for the orange sauce.La Vics got my friends and I through college and many many a sharks game. If you haven't been, go! And grab a bottle of orange sauce (used to be $6, not sure if it has gone up since I left SJSU) and try it on some PIzza My Heart pizza, also delicious!Just got back from La Victoria about  20minutes ago. This is the I don't know what number of time I have given La Victoria opportunity. Every time I go in I hope it's going to be better than the last time I was there and it FAILS! I have been a fan of La Vic's since 2005...it WAS really good, but it no longer is! I just found out that if you want extra sauce you pay 25cents for the small piece of S&%$ container! No more La Vic's for me....IGUANAS!Had their breakfast burrito a couple of months back...was NOT a fan!Decided to give it another shot tonight. Ordered a burrito and it was delicious!! loved it and definitely changed my mind about this place. I feel that it's way cleaner than Iguanas and does not stink!Their sauce is just a hyped up thing. It's good, but not the greatest. If you want real orange sauce go up to San Fran and visit PAPALOTES. it's on 24th and Valencia. They have the best sauce! It actually has flavor!!!Overall, a good place to eat! will be back soon!Surprised to see some of the negative or average reviews..because this place is awesome. Well their burritos are great. At least people aren't saying this place is in the ghetto (like they say about the Jack In Box which is right next store).I really like their veggie burrito. For $5.36 after tax this is a great deal. Very filling and satisfying. Of course, you need the orange sauce to add the spice to it. Eating it plain would be little eating a salad with no dressing.I usually take it to go because it can get crowded. And seating is limited. That might only be the bad thing about this place. There might be seating on the second floor? Weird I don't know. Never even took a look up there and there is no signage saying 'seating upstairs'The building is interesting. It pretty much is a house with a stoop/steps and everything. Fits well within the college campus across the street. And you need burritos to make it trhough college. Well burritos and pizza to be exact. Probably not at the same time though.Luckily got here before the lunch crowd.  Ordered super flour carne asada quesadilla; i always loved quesadilla; but it was exceptional delicious, I had guacamole with mine.   Would love to come back to try other items; but currently content with the quesadilla.Typical mexican food, great place to grab quick food before your class. their secret sauce aint so bad, but i still dont see what all the hype is about with the sauce.Their sauce.....zomg....yummmm! I am def. craving this place right now! The last time I was here it was around 5pm and the place was not too crowded. Ive been here on a sat night and its always so hard to find a place to sit.Love the nacho fries!The wait time always seems a bit too long. I can go elsewhere and have food that is better, cheaper and faster. Other than that, its great if its late at night and your regular mexican food place is closed.Nice, clean and friendly place, good food and prices. Better than most Taqueria'sI've been to this place twice with a few friends and mmmm like everyone says, the orange sauce is so goodddd! It's a great place to go to late at night after the bars or something. It's definitely filling and pretty cheap! I can't finish the super burrito by myself, but it's so worth it to buy one! I was craving some burrito before I came here and it hit the spot. My friend ordered fries too, which I guess was on the secret menu? I want to try that next time I come here! One problem is that it can get pretty crowded...but they have pretty quick service! They also limit one bottle of orange sauce/table. I'm assuming some people try to take the bottles. Hahah.Really great drunk food; service is a joke! All I order is a plain quesadilla w avocado, sour cream and salsa and apparently that's the hardest order ever!!! They're rude, clearly don't understand English and it's a joke! Too bad no one that works there has any type of manners; what a waste.This review is on the corn quesadillas. consumed on premise. When it comes down to downtown taquerias and quesadillas, these are the only ones I think are well prepared. we're talking real simple here people. Melted cheese, some ok salsa, in a folded, fried corn tortilla. Crispy, melted cheese chew, great vehicle for orange sauce, but can actually stand up on its own. nice snack.Decent burritos at a good value, although I was paying for it later that evening and into the next day.Yummm, these are the greatest burritos, but you have to have the orange sauce or it's not the same.  It's quite a drive, so I don't go unless I am in the area, but it's always wonderfulGreat place to eat with friends friendly staff and food is greatLove this place!!!!! So delicious,.I agree it's a hole in the wall and they're open super late which is perfect if you're downtown having a good night. Highly reccomend people to stop by!Great food!!! Love it!!!It is hit and miss. I am not a huge orange sauce fan.The food OK with decent prices. The drawback is that they do not have chips. The service is fast and clean places.Best orange sauce in town. Everything is good here. Try the super quesadilla or crane Adams fries!I have frequented this place for 3 years, and have more or less enjoyed every time until tonight. Unfortunately, this evening I was so unpleasantly surprised that I am moved to write. I asked for a cup of water, and I was refused it. "No water. We have water, but we cannot give you a cup," I was told. I saw a water cup filled with water on the table closeby. I said, "I see a water cup, can I have one of those?" "No, water cup for you." What? 0 Stars.La Vic's is known for their orange sauce which people pretty much drench over their food. The sauce here gives La Vic's an edge over other local taquerias which sometimes have your average salsa bar. When you eat in you get the whole bottle but when you order our you get these small containers filled with the sauce. The carne asada burrito is pretty good and even better when you drench it in the sauce. I've also had the super quesadilla which when you order to-go is basically a burrito without any rice or beans. The carne asada fries here are also okay but very different from what you would expect from carne asada fries because they use nacho cheese instead. Sometimes you'll see some sketchy looking people outside and it can get pretty crowded on Thursdays nights and the days into the weekend. Being open late is a huge plus!Alright food. The last two times they've left out the guacamole in my burrito though.  Once on accident, once because they ran out and didn't tell me...but still charged me full price and offered nothing in return when I pointed this out.A San Jose burrito institution. The OG orange sauce provider. Open all hours of the night.Sadly, they don't have the best burritos downtown - but everyone keeps going there. My current favorite burrito spot is Mexico Bakery on Santa Clara - because they cook the meat right in front of you. It doesn't come from a tub that's been there forever.3-4 places downtown now have their own orange sauce. Branch out and try some new spots.Horrible service. Average food at best. Dirty floors and tables. They nickle and dime like crazy!  $.25 for salsa. $.50 for chips. $.60 for soda refills (a small soda us a $1.75!). They're even too cheap to give receipts.The guy charged me for salsa in a to-go cup, but it was free in a squeeze bottle. I asked for a squeeze bottle and he asked me for the little cups back! wtf?The chips are stale and tasteless.The tortilla tastes raw.There was a big piece of disgusting gristle in the burrito. Barf!The orange sauce is way overrated.The manic table cleaner asked me if I was done with the salsa bottle, and without waiting for an answer took it!This place sucks. I'll never come back.Yum!!!yum!YumMEHHHH. this place is alright. It's too overhyped. The la vic sauce isnt anything special, it's just some silly spicy sauce that doesn't add any taste or flavor to your burritto. I came in with a few friends around noon and it was pretty busy. Most of the tables were taken and the place was poorly decorated and it's not very spacious. The burritos are no doubt big but not very good....i've had better burritos. The hot sauce and the salsa isnt all that great either. Most of their food isnt really fresh...seems like they fridge it and then heat it up in a microwave. Overall, i wouldnt drive into downtown just to eat a burrito at LA VIC.Wow! What a difference 5 years make. I'm not sure what happened. Either the food has gone downhill, or my tastebuds grew up.  I now affectionately refer to La Vic as La Sick. I've tried eating here a few times, but end up with stomach cramps and diarrhea every time. This is the stuff that you eat when you are either too young or drunk to give a shit.There is a reason this restaurant s so popular. I love the burritos, and the nachos, and the "Orange sauce" is terrific. Everyone I have taken there has gone back on their own and taken other people as well.I cannot remember the last time i was able to eat a whole burrito. I usually get bored of my food easily but I guess I was very hungry. The orange sauce makes things better otherwise, it would be a normal place that sold burritos and such. I don't come here often unless I have a craving. I usually like real, awesome tasting Mexican food. I finally had a taste of a quesadilla with chorizo and it was pretty good. Maybe, I'll try it next time.La Victoria Taqueria has to be the worst Taqueria I have ever been to in my life. Everyone has told me such good things about this place and the orange sauce. I so much wanted to try this place out and like it. But I couldn't do it. On a Sunday afternoon after coming back from the Ski Dazzle snowboard convention I didn't know what i wanted to eat. My buddy suggested La Vics, so i was like lets do it. Because the last time I went to La Vics it was the other location and I wasn't that hungry. This time I was very hungry, and wanted to see if the food was good. Well let me start out by saying that the quality of this food is comparable to that of cafeteria food. I believe that's why the students here love this place so much. The carne asada was a joke, very tough and chewy. Burrito was wrapped very sloppy and loose. I would think after wrapping that many burritos you would have it down to perfection. That's not the case here, it was so sloppy i had to pull off so much tortilla to eat my burrito. And that nasty orange sauce people keep talking about. OMG that was some nasty mayo based crap. It tasted like some mayo with sriracha hot sauce and some spicy zesty sauce from taco bell. And if you "NEED" the sauce to make the food taste good, then that says it all. YOUR FOOD SUCKS! And as for the service, that too also sucked. It wasn't the workers that made the service suck. It was the management letting two people take orders, prep orders for pickup and clean tables. With all that money they are making at least hire some more staff. I felt sorry for the lady that was giving out orders. She was doing too much. And the line was crazy in that small ass house. Everything was so smoochy. Overall La Victoria deserves ZERO stars for their food and service and their NASTY ass ORANGE MAYO CRAPPY SLOPPY Sauce. 100% HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPELove this place, I was given a tour of the kitchen once and it was spotless.  Great food, love to take it home to enjoy.EFF U ORANGE SAUCE NAZI!!Prior to earlier tonight, I had not eaten here since before I graduated a few months ago from State.  I shoulda stayed away...we wanted Igauanas but it was closed.  We planned on eating there but said to go because I wanted to take home some orange sauce, since the one I bought in May went bad like a month after...it is not worth $6 people!  So my bf went up to get our food & then after I asked for an orange bottle to use since we were eating there..then when I sat back down freakin Orange Sauce Nazi comes up and says I need take these away and snatches our 3 orange sauces that were put in our to go bag.  Damn, stingy much?  My cheese quesadilla was alright not worth it though, and he only took 3 bites of his carne asada taco.  Prior to us graduating from State quality had been going down for years, but he said it was the worst tonight.  His carne asada was not only dry but had a somewhat fishy taste...eww!  Later, our friend was getting a burrito to go, and that b*tch only gave him one container of orange sauce, and he asked for one or two more & she said no, limit is 1 each.  They used to give at least 2 per order...they're so stingy on something that makes them famous.  Without your Orange Sauce you'd have no customers La Vic!! Iguanas is so much better; their non fishy tasting meat that's not dry, the NICE people that work there & their better menu & bigger space!  Whenever I come back to SJ it'll be Iguanas all the way; I would always come to La Vics for their quesadillas but not anymore.So my friend and I finally decided to try out la Vic and let me tell you wasn't very impressed. Their customer service is poor. My friend and I were the first ones to order out of 10 people.so they hand you a piece of paper with your number on it. I was 1 and my friend was two. Our numbers were the second to last and the last numbers to be called. I had the super burrito with milaneza. It was a decent burrito have had better. If you plan on coming here make sure to bring some coins for the parking metersThe burritos and tacos are tasty.  That's all I have ever had at La Victoria's but the service is not so good.  Soda refills are not free, and they limit their special sauce to one bottle per table and their staff patrol the grounds like guards.  I recomment their breakfast burritos, to go.OK, so with all the talk about the "Orange Sauce" I had to check it out, especially this place being down the street from my buddy's condo.I ended up getting a regular Carne Asada Burrito since I was still pretty full from the Amato's Cheesteak from the night before.  Overall, I think the burrito was OK, the meat, everything, nothing really stood out.  I didn't really like the beans in the burrito, but I should have said no beans, so it was my bad.  The orange sauce did make this burrito better.  I really enjoyed the orange sauce actually, as I was just drenching the burrito with it.  However, I don't think La Victoria Taqueria is that much better than say a....Chiptole, thus, I can't put anything more than 3 stars.  Good place, nice vibes, definitely a place I wouldn't mind going back to.Pop quiz hot shot!!! It's two in the morning, bars are closed and you're hungry.  In front of you, you have a Jack in the Box on the left and you have La Victoria on your right what do you do? Get your ass into La Vic for a super carne asada quesadilla and some orange sauce idiot!!!!  Best drunk food ever, I even have a bottle of orange sauce at my apartment. Care to join me?I think every student who goes to san jose state must heard or had try this place. I was first told by my friend who goes to sj state that this place is the place near san jose state if u want Mexican food..of course she was not wrong. this past weekend I have the chance go there again (cuz apparently.. my bf is being brain wash to fall into love their orange sauce) so this what u do... u go there n order whatever u want... and like a robot after u get ur order u will automatically grab the orange sauce.. and u train ur brain to squeeze the sauce on top of ur burrito or whatever everytime u take a bit of it. You tell ur brain it's very important to do that because the sauce just so damn good. The brain might make u pause and wonder... wait a min! do u know what they use to make this sauce? What happen it's got tons of calories!!!??? I suggest what u do at that point is mentally tell ur brain to shut up. lol... enough of me trying to be funny.. but yeah... both time I been there i had ordered burrito... can't recalled what I order last time... this time my bf got the carne asade as the filling and i got chicken. His tasted a lot better... the chicken for some reason make the burrito more wet. So I was bit bitter looking at his yummy burrito.... but it's true.. without the sauce.. their burrito is no diff from any other mexican place that makes burrito.bottom line of the story... the orange sauce will make u one happy person. It's bit spicy... but mild enough for everyone to handle. =Dcame here after the Bill Clinton's special rally at SJSU to see what the big fuss about la vics was.orange sauce was unique, which i like. but the quality of the tortilla was pretty crappy. the horchata was also really powdery. i miss socal burritos so much!! if someone know a good place up here, TELL ME.it's nice that this place is opened until 12:30am on a Sunday.. will prob go earlier to try Iguana's next time.without the orange sauce I think instead of La Vic we'd call it La Sic.  I can not think of any other reason to come here unless Iguanas is closed.  With Jack N' da Crack next door, I might have to get my Mexican on there.   2 tacos for $.99 please... wait make that 12 with a side of ranch.I really don't understand why this joint gets so many positive reviews. There are so many more taquerias in the downtown (El Grullo, Metro Balderas, La Penita, Super Taqueria , hell even Iguana's) that are better. Of course none of them are open as late. I have eaten here after a drunken night but I would rather let my stomach and bowels suffer through a Jumbo Jack  and curly fries next door . Trust me the orange sauce is not much more edible. The stuff I've had isn't very good. The salsa is bland and has no bite to it. The burritos are heavy with rice and beans and tortilla. Where's the asada? Damn I wish there was a Taco Bell downtown. I'd take a nice crunchy regular taco with the hot sauce over La Vic's sludge.I finally understand why people hype up that orange sauce. You basically need it, or you're going to feel like you're eating a burrito made out of sand. Ordered a super carne asada burrito and tasted it without the sauce first, to get a real impression of their burrito. ONE WORD: DRY. It was disgusting. In no way was this burrito SUPER. Friends that came with also had the same impression. Added the orange sauce on there and it basically made it into a greased up burrito. It definitely got rid of the dry factor, but not the fact that I felt like I was eating myself into heartburn. GROSS.Good burritos and sauce. Does the job for the price.o, o, o babystill the best placei need to try something new, real soon, but, to this dayhands down to the burritos baby!! *woot woot*yummy but the sauce and the salsa is slowly starting to taste different. when i first tried the orange sauce i thought it was soo good and so addicting but it's ehh now. the food itself is really yummy but honestly, there are tons of other mexican restaurants that tastes better. what i like about la vics is that it's always open super late so it's a great 4th meal after hanging out downtown.I can't understand all these great reviews.  It certainly isn't the best place to get burritos or tacos.  I can't really distinguish the flavors of the meat from the beans and the other ingredients.  The only thing that it has going on is the orange sauce and even that is not all that...you really shouldn't rely on sauce to make something taste good.  If you really want to get a fresh and great tasting burrito and taco, I suggest going to "Super Taqueria".  Preferrably the one located on Story and White Road.  I guarantee you will not be disappointed.Most overrated place in San Jo ever! The burritos are alright (I prefer the breakfast burritos over anything), and the orange sauce is seriously underwhelming...it's not creamy OR cheesy. If you ask me, I'd rather eat a burrito that tastes good alone, with or without some damn sauce. Sadly, La Vic's isn't half as good as the 24 hour burrito places on Mission in SF. The fact that some people consider LaVic the "best and tastiest burritos in California" is disheartening.This place was good until I found chicken in my burrito. I'm Vegan. Not Fucking ok.What can i say?  The sauce is definitely the boss!  This is the perfect spot for post drunk dining.  It'll help soften the blow of those 4 red bull vodkas and 5-6 shots of grey goose/henn that you consumed just hours before.  Be warned, this place gets packed after the clubs/bars let out.  So, if you're too faded to wait or you're gonna yack while you're in line, I suggest going elsewhere.  Prices are reasonable.  I always go with the carne asada super burrito, with no salsa or the carne asada quesadilla  with no salsa. The reason I go minus the salsa is because the burrito tends to get a little messy and drippy with the salsa in it.  Plus, the orange sauce makes up for it tenfold.  The sauce alone will have your taste buds begging for more.  Oh and you can always spot a few slimmys in line to spit yo game at. ;)  3.75 stars...close to a 4!so... i know. orange sauce. but seriously it's not that fab. overrated. if you come here not drunk, the quesadillas and nachos are actually pretty good.  if you come here drunk i suppose everything tastes the same.i don't know. just not impressed. seriously. i'd rather go to pita pit down the street late night. healthier.meh.oh LA VICS! this is what i hear about la vics for the past three years i've been in SJSU. "wanna go to la vics?" or "i just grabbed some la vics, i'll meet you up after" or"meet us at la vics" or "no! i can't have la vics, i have it way too much" or"i've eaten la vics only once this week! i'm tryna stop!" or"where's the orange sauce, grab the orange sauce!"you get the picture? SJSU loves la vics! I think we all go there just because it's so convenient and the ORANGE SAUCE just is so DELICIOUS! Honestly, the food isn't THAT great. the orange sauce saves them!  This isn't by far the greatest taqueria ever...it's just that specialty of having that tangy hot sauce seals the deal! It just works with the college lifestyle: fast service, close to campus, and open late. Wow, i might just want some right now!=)ALL TRUE SJSU STUDENTS HAVE LA VICS SAUCE IN THEIR FRIDGE!Super Nachos, Carne Asada w/ lettuce and a lot of ORANGE sauce =)If I could give the orange sauce 5 stars, I would...but without the famed sauce, the restraunt would be nothing. All my burritos have been dry and bland.. (Thank you sauce..) So I usually buy the sauce and bring it else where to enjoy my burrito. It's a nice place to go late at night when you need food, and you're craving mexican. Not always worth the drive to San Jose.Admittedly amazing drunk food, but not as good sober food. The food is honestly no that great, there is fresher Mexican food out there. The orange sauce is great though, and you may find yourself hoarding those bottles. the price is good for the size of those burritos. The crowd is pretty sketchy at night, and you may get catcalls, get challenged to a fight, or get your car stolen... all at the same time.this place is the best ever! yaaaayyyyyy!Hahah I've been to San Ho a few times but the after party is at La Vic...The Orange Sauce is the SHIZZNIT!!! You need to buy one for yourself but please keep refridgerated. The orange sauce can go with anything...pizza, hamburger, you name it!! Haha but for reals get the Orange Sauce it will be your new Hot Sauce!!this is just one of the places you gotta go after clubbing/drinking. i used to go during the day, too when i didnt have the luxury of enjoying San Jose's nightlife yet. and i think it's safe to say that La Vics is one of the places that i always miss about San Jose when im away for school. so many memories with my friends here. haha as weird as it sounds i love their quesadillas after i pick out the cheese. its too cheesy for me but once i take it out it is SOOOOO good... i dont wanna be that asian girl who orders a quesadilla with no cheese. and NO that's not a taco! because they use the big flour tortillas for the quesadillas and it's buttery and crispy.. oh but their tacos are also good here! =] get carne asadaaaa and yes.. the orange sauce is necessary. eat here!!!I've tried the other La Vic's location as well, and believe me, the orange sauce is DELICIOUS, but I still couldn't help but give this place a 3-star STILL. Here's some reasons why (and they're lucky I'm being generous right now because my friends convinced me to not be an a-hole about it):-I needed to take the largest piss of my life, so I came in here, ordered my burrito, and asked to used the restroom but the lady says it's already closed (WTF, isn't it the law for all sit-in establishments to have a restroom? I just gave you $5! Don't make me piss on the side of your restaurant now...)-Honestly, I would 2-star this spot IF it weren't for the orange sauce because the burrito itself was so damn disappointing that I had to mask it in the sauce. The beans were hard, the it was filled with rice and salsa, and had very little carne asada (which was rubbery by the way)-The cashier lady had a terribly rude attitude. I understand that she's probably serving to college kids, but this was at 10:30pm! The kids that are there aren't even drunk yet! Wait a few hours to get your "Ms. Thang" attitude on, lady.-The cashier lady walks over to my table and just pulls my tray away, along with my friends' trays, without even asking. WHAT IF i wasn't done? You're suppose to ask and not just butt in and do as you please...My apologies to this lady if she was honestly having a bad day, but I really did have that much more of a poor experience because of her.The orange sauce though is amazing, and I would probably recommend that you come here just to buy that bottle, take it to your other favorite taqueria, and use it there--there is where you'll find your 5-star burrito!Oh, you'll also probably find a 4-5 star burrito here when you're completely under the influence because if Taco Bell tastes good when you're drunk, this will definitely taste better...My absolute favorite taqueria ever. I went to San Jose State, and this place was a godsent. I LOVE LOVE LOVE the orange sauce, and their chorizo burrito. They are open super late and very early, great for a hangover. I live in Fremont now, but everytime I am back in San Jose, I buy a bottle of orange sauce!!The food is a good value, but it's nothing to write home about.  People rave about their orange sauce, but I personally prefer the green sauce; it's a bit spicier and better.  I usually get a super burrito with whatever meat I'm feeling like that day; I haven't found one kind of meat to be outstanding vs the others.  In summary, it's a solid taqueria, but I've been to many better ones.Not to repeat what Jessica L. has said, but it is true that La Vic's is slightly overrated and that hole-in-the-wall places serve better Mexican food. The food is still good, and the hours are great since they are open pretty late for everyone looking for a night time spot besides Jack in the Box or whatnot. The orange sauce is cool, but honestly, I don't see what the big deal about it is.Mmm. . . . Orange Sauce. . .Mmm.  Mmm.  Mmm.Carne Asada Quesadilla drenched IN Orange Sauce. . .Mmm.  Mmm.   Mmm.   Mmm.I can't wait until they open the Hayward location!  YAY!this place is a staple for the bar scene late night grub fest. every time i go here i seem to get three tacos and a quesadilla.... and i always feel like crap after. not because the food is bad but because i order way to much. better safe than sorry right? The carne asada  is pretty standard in flavor and texture which i would say is pretty good. the carnitas is probably my favorite. stay clear of the chicken. the chicken seems to always be way tough which is a little odd for chicken and it lacks flavor. the orange sauce is a key component. Without their mystical "orange sauce" that seems to fix other downfalls this place is pretty standard.HANDS DOWN THE WORST MEXICAN FOOD I HAVE EVER HAD!!  Ordered an Al Pastor taco and it looked like cat food!! Gave it a shot and couldn't even take it down!! No amount of orange sauce could help out the stewed looking meat!! I will not return nor will I recommend this place to anyone!!From much experience and many drunken nights on the streets of downtown San Jose during my time at SJSU, La Vic's has never failed me in providing some good Mexican food at a decent price. The orange sauce is their secret weapon; I can put that stuff on anything and it'll be at least 5x better than it originally was.Almost made it there last night ;). La Vic, I love you. Loved since the State days.Ummm the super carne asada quesadilla is AMAZING and with the secret orange sauce thing it upgrades from amazing to PHENOMENAL.Came here last night with some coworkers. I got the super burrito with steak. Its affordable and was appetizing. The orange sauce was delicious. Its super tiny and we were lucky to find parking on the street after driving around for 10 minutes. I'm looking forward to going back.la vics is definiteeeeely the spot for those late night munchies.after a long friday or saturday night of bar hopping, la vics is the spot, just head down 4th and swoop around the corner onto san carlos.seating is limited, the prices are a bit steep, and the lines get long if you wait.. but the orange sauce really is as good as everyone hypes it up to be. i hear it consists of all the leftover chorizo grease, mixed with mayonaise and some left over chili's. regardless, it would make poo taste delicious. and at 2-4am, the only other choice is jack in the crack next door.choice of meat super burritos because they come with guac and sour cream, and a bottle of that orange sauce. they're stingy, only fill the bottles up half way because people steal em. strictly one per table and that alone makes you want to boost one.hold on La Vics .... what the heck happened?! I hear that your sauce is VEGAN now? and yet it looks even greasy-er. the hype has died. the sauce has crapped out. the quality doesnt even exist. the last time i got a burrito here, the burrito was so watery. i got the chicken here and it was taste-less. not to mention, the burrito was so flimsy, i grabbed it out the bag and somehow poked a hole in my burrito, no pressure on it at all! just a grab!oh on the weekend nights, its straight ghetto. all the hoodrats come out and play, and of course they eat here too when they're drunk.I've even seen a video on worldstarhiphop of a dude KTFO and got jumped right outside, no joke. oh PS. one of my rooomates got the runs cuz of your sauce last night.Good. I've had way better. Orange sauce is gross. Burrito is dry.I loved their sauces. Great burritos! Super prices!La Vic is pretty good late at night when everything else is closed. For lunch or dinner, it does'nt even enter my mind as a place to go. Super Taqueria  on 10th st. is a far better option. Plus you might like the orange sauce but a friend of mine worked there and the recipe for it is not something you really want to know about. Especially you vegetarians. Just take some home and let it sit in the fridge for a couple days and you will see what I mean.One word: Delicioso!Well, the chicken quesadilla is delicious.  Holding the quesadilla in your hand, topping it with the famous orange sauce while the oil is dripping down your arm.  What's better after a night out around town?!?Parking sucks, seating sucks, line sucks, but the food is worth it.This review isn't for the food, it's for the customer service. Well I can't say much about the food when I never got a chance to taste it. I will explain.I wanted to say a little about myself before I start my review. I'm the type of person who wouldn't waste my time writing a review unless something is extremely good or extremely bad.  In this case, unfortunately the experience was horrible. It all happened on 1/28/2012 early in the morning around 12:30-1:00am.  My friends and I came out of a club early because we decided to grab some grub instead. We decided to walk to La Vics because it was close by and I've heard a great deal about their food. One of my girlfriend's and I ordered together. She ordered a burrito and I ordered a super burrito with extra lettuce and guacamole on the side. After waiting 20 min for our order because the place was extremely crowded, our order came out. We had 2 items wrapped in foil; one bigger item and one smaller item. My friend assumed the bigger one was mine because I ordered a super burrito. Because I was starving, I opened it and took my first bite when I realized it wasn't what I ordered. When she opened hers, she realized it was a large taco instead. Understanding that it was a miscommunication problem we went up to the cashier asking the lady nicely that there was confusion about the order. However instead of being understanding, she gave us attitude saying that she did not make a mistake at all. And saying that she can't fix anything. Because I still wanted my super burrito we asked her if she can give us that and she said that in order to do that, she has to charge us 3 dollars extra. Frustrated already, my friend gave her card to her to charge and started waiting for our orders again. After 20 min of waiting and staring at the cook in the front our orders were still not out. I then went to the cashier again and asked her where our food was. She told me that we decided to CANCEL it. By then we were furious! #1. She can't hear our orders and puts in random shit#2. She charged us more and cancels our food#3. She had a horrible attitude and when we were confronting her about it, she thought it was funny. She was smiling the whole time and thought it was a joke. #4. We were waiting by her the whole time. I know she sees us waiting for the food so why would she just let us stand there for 20 min if it wasn't on purpose. The experience at La Vic's was horrible! I would never go back to that location again. Also when I asked her where her manager was, she just answered me that "oh, he's around." What kind of answer is that? It was ridiculous! Complete waste of my time. My friend being a person that doesn't like confrontation decided to drop it. I thought it was one of the worst customer service places I have ever went to. We ended paying 12 dollars for no food. If I were the manager, I would have fired her a long time ago.  I also want to add she also messed up on one of my other friend's order in our group. He asked for a super burrito with no beans. Instead he got a regular burrito with extra beans! Moral of the story: Stay away from that chick while you order your food because I don't think she understand what hell she is doing in her job. And when it's crowded, don't expect them to get your food right.  She was a mexican looking chick about 5'3" ish with long hair. Possibly working most of the night shifts. She really can't do her job.great food for when you're in a pinch. decent pricing, but the wait is weird. most people love their orange sauce, although its not for my taste buds.Fan of the orange sauce since I moved here in 1996.So-so.It's nice to have a late-night burrito place, and this may be as close as you can get in San Jose.The breakfast burrito(s) are my personal choice.  The other burritos are too salty for my taste.People already know....one of the best burrito joints in South Bay. It's in a good location and the inside is really nice - makes you want to stay for a while. The onlly thing I've had there is the burrito and I wasn't disappointed. My friends say I need to go back for other items on the menu because they don't disappoint!There's one location I go to in San Pedro Square and another by SJSU, so I don't think I've ever eaten here sober.  But the orange sauce I HAVE had sober (my friend gave me a case of it as a birthday and/or Christmas present) and that alone is worth the price of admission. Plus they do a decent nacho cheese fries that could rival the best hole-in-the-wall taquerias in San Diego. Just douse everything in orange sauce and you kind of can't go wrong. I'm considering putting it on my cereal tomorrow morning....Decent burritos, good orange sauce, but nothing to write home about.  I used to drive here for lunch when I worked in South San Jose with a co-worker and have since been a couple of times after a night on the town.Yes, their orange sauce is addicting! I find the sauce to always be delicious but inconsistent with the level of spice! It was SO spicy when i had it the other night! I usually get their super carne asada Quesadilla (share with a friend, portions are huge) or their super carne asada tacos! Quality is okay, but it's hard to judge if the food is decent because the orange sauce makes anything taste good! =P Avoid their carne asada fries (nachos too)! The fries are too thick, not crispy and it gets soggy fast. I'd prefer iguanas food but with La vic's orange sauce! ;PTheir carne asada super burrito is bomb!I decided this place deserves only one star because I have now twice bitten down on something gnarly that had no give.   That is always creepy and a meal-ender.  The last time it was on the super-rellano burrito, which is vegetarian and therefore should have been safe.  Too creepy for me to return...The search for good al pastor in Nor Cal continues. The nachos we ordered were more like nacho soup. Soggy nacho soup.An overdue review:  I don't know what is up with the hype.  This place wasn't that great.  Located near the sjsu campus, an americanized mexican hole-a-wall place.  We had the burrito, it was overstuffed with rice and beans than the meat itself.  The orange sauce that everyone is raving about, not all that.  Its like mild orange mayo sauce.  Their carne asada tacos es NO BUENO, its very tough and chewy, like a cheap cut meat overdone, it came with these nasty pinto beans.  Over all experience with the food I would probably not be back, unless I'm drunk or high and its the only thing thats available.orange mystery sauce = holy sweet baby jesus give me some moe!!!! entree's that ive ordered in the past are decent. ive tried the beef burritos and tacos, super nachos, and tostadas. a super generous dousing of the orange mystery sauce makes me forget of the more authentic mexican dishes ive tasted elsewhere. every bite of food is filled with a plop of that orange mystery sauce of greatness and washed down with either the horchata or watermelon juice. freaking-yummmm-o!!!! cant get enough of it!!!! i definitely have to purchase the sauce for home. i rarely ever eat fast food but i'll make an exception for taco bell just so i can douse my taco with this yummy-oh-so delish orange sauce. i'll drive 3 minutes away to my local taco bell, come home, douse my taco, stuff my face, douse some more, keep stuffing my face, and when no one's looking...douse the inside my mouth with orange sauce goodness straight from the bottle. it gets busy at la victoria and sometimes its hard to get a table. service is efficient and prices are reasonable.-----5 stars: i am a loyal customer and cannot live without this place/restaurant!4 stars: consistently great food. a place i would definitely frequent if i dont already.3 stars: good food. id come back for more if a particular craving for something specific they offer hit me. 2 stars: for the sheer reason of convenience and semi mediocre food [but convenience being the majority of reason] id come back.1 star: id never be caught dead in the place ever ever again.The best thing is the orange sauce.  I like their burritos and quesadillas, but it's never complete until I down my eats in the orange sauce.  Usually take my food to go, as it's hard to find parking at either location.  Good for late night eats too!I dispise this place and think it's the biggest hype ever! The orange sauce? It makes me wanna vomit. Come to think of it, I think is HAS made me vomit! I think people only claim to like it because people have liked it for so long they feel they HAVE to or they'll get made fun of. I imagine at one point in time La Vic was as good as the hype but somewhere along the way it lost all of the real goodness, maybe the chef died, I dunno I just know that I think this is the worst place for a burrito in ALL of San Jose. This being said it was the only place open when I got home from a week in New York/New Jersey (aka a week with no burritos) so I devoured it! haha!it was really nice place and good serviceI don't like burritos.. but at La Vic's, I'd eat five if my stomach could handle it. And their chipotle tortilla adds another kick to it. Their carne asada is delicious, and combined with the orange sauce, it has a nice spiciness. ORANGE SAUCE IS A++++++Moved to San DIego in January and stocked up on four bottles of orange sauce to bring with me. Then bought two more the last time I went to the bay. I'm currently down to 1.25 bottles!Ive actually not tried this famous "orange sauce" but i have a small togo batch. However the quesadilla with buche was pretty solid. That's a hard meat item to get but they carry it here regularly. Flour tortilla was well crisped, good cheese and tasty buche. Im willing to try the other items but even if they dont have anything else that is good, I could deal with the buche quesadilla alone.This is a great little taqueria, the food and ambiance is just like eating mom's wonderful home cooking.  Great soft tacos on fresh tortillas, excellent strips of tender chicken breast in the taco de pollo.  Part of the fun is waiting in line which makes a wonderful opportunity to hang out and talk.Great food for after the club! Their sauce is the shizznit! Just don't like how crowded it gets. But eh, what do you expect? It's like that with any restaurant open late night for club goersExcellent burritos, and I dig the orange sauce, although to be fair Iguana's around the corner is good as well. I guess it helps I do not have high expectations for hole in the walls by SJSU. It is downtown SJ...I stole a bottle of their orange sauce once. Yes that's pretty ghetto, but my friend dared me to do it and I did it cuz that's how good the sauce is! I ended up giving it to my friend since I thought she would use it more than me. I would recommend using it within a week because she said it started to taste different after a while. These 4 stars are only for the orange sauce as the rest of the food is just okay to me. Seems to taste better when you're drunk... haha.i used to have a 5 rating in my heart for this place. but the prices got jacked up and when i went down to SD for school, burritos were never the same again. la vic's sauce is good. i used to believe it was the best place on earth. but now i know its jsut overhyped. sorry la vic's fans. it just doesnt float my boat as much anymore. the food here is just alright, besides the quesadilla which is amazing. it's all about their sauce. super high security too.MEDIOCRE as hell. I don't understand all the rave about this place. I got over this place quickly, I use to go to this place a lot back then. Get over it, people! This taqueria doesn't cut it for me. I mean the carne asada tacos are alright. Their carnitas are way too dry and have little to no flavor, I like my carnitas moist and flavorful, I'll even settle for greasy. And don't even try their pastor, what a disappointment. And geez 2.75 for a taco, are you kidding me? If you want some good/real tacos, I'm telling you, go elsewhere. The only thing I think they have going for them really is their rice and that's just a side. Not enough to get me to go there again.Orange sauce!!!!!!!!!!!!!! That's all I need to say.Best taqueria I've been to, hands down.  I don't even live in San Jose and we make trips specially to eat at La Vic.  I recommend anything on the menu, especially the burrito.  Everything is bursting with flavor and will jack you in the face full of taqueria heaven.  Definitely drown everything in the orange sauce.  I've had salsa, I've had sour cream, but nothing that compliments awesome taqueria food such as La Vic's Orange Sauce.  This place is such good post-drinking food as well; it fills the belly and stays there for a while, so if you stumble out of bed around noon, stumble over there, eat to your hungover heart's content, and then stumble back home and go to bed.  Good times.Thank goodness for Yelp. Allows me to bitch about this place.Got a few things to say about this place.1. The food is overrated. The only reason I can think of why people go here rather then Iguanas (which is wayyy better) is because of the orange sauce (which is also overrated). They probably make their burritos taste shitty just so the sauce taste that much better.2.Service is a POS. They treat their orange sauce like its their only child. Its ridiculous. The staff is not friendly at all. You want a nice/friendly staff that will give you all the sauce you want? Go to Iguanas. I may seem bias, but go there to see for yourself.3. I just came back from La Vics while turning in a paper. I only went there because it was too damn hot to walk to Iganuas and plus they hadn't open yet. Anyways so at La Vic's they have a $6 minimum for credit card. My order came out to $5.5 and I only had $3 dollars on me. So I asked the lady if she could just let it slide this one time. She nodded yes to me. Not sure if she understood me or not, I asked her again and she confirmed. When I got my receipt to sign, it showed $6 and I looked at the lady, and she just had this shady look on her face. Not wanting to fight about $.50 and also because I didn't want my food to be tampered with, I walked away..like a loser.Whatever, I am never going back there again.I love La Vics. Word. Everything they have vegetarian makes hell lot of sense after adding lots of orange sauce! I think God came down to San Jose, and hand delivered this orange sauce recipe my dear friends at La Vics! A must try spot in San Jo!Really overrated.  By far one of the worse Mexican Restaurants I know.  Sauce is okay, not the "best thing ever".  Without the sauce, the restaurant would have probably gone out of business years ago.  Sorry but those that actually think this restaurant is the best Mexican food ever has probably ate there either NOT sober or has never tried authentic Mexican food outside downtown San Jose.  There's a reason why the restaurant is open late, to attract people with the munchies or those who have nothing better to eat. If you want good authentic Mexican food and you wanna feel adventurous, there are a lot of good places in SF mission street.  And yes, you do not need some damn orange sauce to make the burrito taste better.La Vics is the best place to go to on a late night after drinking downtown SJ. For your convenience, there are not one, but TWO locations not far from each other. Everything is pretty well put together but I have to say that the best thing I've eatten here (drunk or sober) is the chicken quesadilla with their infamous ORANGE SAUCE. Drizzle or slather your food with this crack sauce and you will forever be amazed. People try to steal their bottles of goodness but trust me, they will hunt you down and tell you to pay for it or give it back. It's like they have x-ray vision...or paper bag vision because my friend put a bottle in her brown bag and tried to leave with it. (fail) XP but all in all, La Vics is open late and service is fast and friendly. Doesn't hurt your wallet either.This is my favorite Mexican place in San Jose. The food is authentic, no frills, reasonably priced and the orange hot sauce is to die for. It's spicy yet creamy and makes an already great super burrito, well, super great. I've never been here for lunch, but the lines aren't too bad around dinner time and getting it to go doesn't hurt the quality of their food.They really have a take it or leave it attitude...the food is good, heck the lines are out the door many times, but I don't think the food is THAT good.  It may be just me, but they cannot seem to get the order right.....I mean NEVER.The burritos were the best things in the world until I had one of their carne asada quesadillas. By far, the greatest quesadilla I've ever tasted -- quick and easy to eat. The chicken quesadilla is very messy. If you're in a rush, i suggest going to the Santa Clara location because the San Carlos restaurant is always busy with San Jose State studentsAte here today after years and it brought back memories.  This place hasn't changed much, an old Victorian converted into a restaurant and around the corner from SJSU.  Yes, the orange sauce ROCKS! But the food is pretty good too.  I recommend the al pastor and the carnitas here.  We tried the super nachos and it was just a mess!  The horchata was really good, which is interesting because the horchata at their other locations sucks.  This location is always packed and open late, so its a great spot for a late night craving.My grandson took my wife and me here the other evening. He raved about La Vics over and over for several weeks,  so we decided to give it a try.  I thought the Chile Relleno Burrito was delicious.   What made it so good?  The beans!  They really stood out.   A few days later I tried the Super Burrito... not as flavorful as the original Chile Relleno I tried with just beans and rice.   I think the cheese,  sour cream,  etc added to the SB detracted from the taste of the beans. The Orange Sauce is really great!   The one negative of this particular location  in my opinion was the lack of attention given to thedecor.   It was bland.   But the food?... Very good!A dingy hole in the wall Victorian restaurant with cheap Mexican food less than $6 includes a Watermelon drink. The "Super Nachos" with shredded spicy chicken breast will knock your feet off which comes with salsa, melted cheese, sour cream, beans, and guac. Don't forget to ask their specialty "Orange Sauce". The watermelon or strawberry drink is only $1.50 for medium size. It's not too sugary but it is a drink to dive for.Noooooo. This location now charges tax! ): & every time I come, they seem to give less & less meat & they're still not all juicy ): I'll still come by this location when I'm craving for some orange sauce while I'm at school, but I think I would rather go to the Hayward one.La Vic is OVERRATED! At first, it had the burritos and the orange sauce going for them, but after a while, I got to see the essence of their food. The burritos are dry and their carne asada tastes like leather, and the sauce doesn't have that kick anymore. Why people go there constantly is beyond me. Oh, and I hate going there after the club. Too many thugs and too many drunk retards, but I digress.I think the only thing good about this place is the orange sauce.  Without it the burritos are nothing special.  I think there are a lot of better mexican restaurants in the area.  But if you're hungry at midnight this place should hit the spot.I have been here plenty of times just because a number of my friends love this place, but I really don't. I don't think that there's anything really great about this place except for their orange sauce. Without the sauce, I think that everything tastes very bland. The quesedillas also make me queezy and the burritos are dry.The food seems mediocre to me. Doesn't seem too unique or different. Was just like a normal burrito for me. But the sauce is what I come for.This place is in the heart of San Jose. Downtown, and right next to everything. Known for their Orange sauce, this place is yummy at any time of the day/night. Pretty small so it gets crowded but it's always fun to be there. I would say if it wasn't for their orange sauce, their food wouldn't be all that great. Except for their tacos and quesadillas! Oh man..I love you La Vics..Meh, what can I say, its a late night burrito spot, can't expect much!Be careful if you are VEGETARIAN.......their orange sauce is made from mayonaise and chorizo......absolutely disgusting if you ask me... im glad i didnt make the mistake of eating it.Everyone always talks about how great this place is, so one drunken night, (and a few sober ones) I went here, hoping to be impressed, but I never am. The burritos are unremarkable: rice so-so, meat tasteless and just overall mediocre. The only redeeming factor is the orange sauce, but that does not a yummy burrito make. Plus, every time I eat here I get the runs, which is a common sentiment among the homies. Food better be damn good if I'm gonna pee it outta my ass later, and sadly La Vics is not.I'd say 2 1/2 stars. I ordered veggie burritos. Mine was kinda mushy like others have said. The problem is the whole pinto beans and the need to serve them with a slotted spoon so all the liquid gets drained. Also, the burrito would've been much better if they actually took a minute to cook the tortilla so that the cheese could melt. I've never gotten a burrito where the cheese slices were actually still formed inside. Yes, the orange sauce is good. It's basically ranch dressing with chili. I guess who doesn't like ranch? The chips were disappointing, generic Tostitos basically. Anyway, the search goes on for a Mission-esque comparable burrrito in San Jose...Always satisfied with their NACHO FRIES :)As everyone says, try the orange sauce! Don't forget to have some of their green sauce as well  Definitely love getting burritos here.I've been to this place only a few times and I've had different experiences . The first time I went in the middle of the day when the restaurant wasn't as busy. I order the super quesadilla with carne asada, a Jamaica water and bought two orange sauces to go. The quesadilla was crispy on the outside and the cheese, guacamole and meat where evenly spread out. I added the orange sauce took a bite and realized I should probably buy more orange sauce. It's amazing and it's vegan. The Jamaica water tasted pretty authentic too. The second time I visited the taqueria was at night and the place was very crowded. I ordered the same thing to go. When opened my quesadilla it wasn't crispy and everything was lopped in the middle. The orange sauce was still pretty amazing. Another time I ordered the nachos with carne asada. I must say they weren't my favorite.  The tortilla chips where round thick yellow tortilla chips and the yellow nacho cheese over powered the carne asada instead of working with it.  I will not order the nachos again.Quality of food has improved! Quesodilla used to always be a soggy mess, now it is fresh and crispy!Mmmmm....when I'm so intoxicated from all the drunkeness and dancing my booty off, I come here to devour a burrito and chips and salsa. I can only remember the taste of the special sauce that they serve. I like the fact that they are located in downtown san jose and are open late. Besides eating at Denny's or Jack in the Box, this is the one place that a majority of people would go to after a late night. Downside, not quite clean. It's always packed. A long wait to get your order. Upside of the place...Affordable.I lived in the bay for awhile but never found a decent mexi joint until I came here. The mexican food here is bomb. Not to mention- the ORANGE SAUCE. I was seriously thinking about smuggling the orange sauce down to SD. HAHA. Mmm. Me gusta!!Went here for lunch recently. Had the veggie burritto with some "orange sauce" (special garlic sauce) on the side. Pretty good stuff. They also sell Mexican coca-cola here. Place has limited seating. Fast service.highlights:- tacos tacos tacos- orange sauce- security guard (he can be pretty funny)lowlights:- chorizo (way too salty)- security guard (he can also be very anal)- long lines, lack of seatingWhenever I come to this wildly popular late-night taqueria, I usually order a bottle of the sauce affectionately referred to as "orange sauce" with a side of carne asada super burrito.  Undoubtedly I can easily finish, on my own, at least half of the bottle of the aforementioned sauce, drenching my burrito in it with every bite.  The burrito itself is not especially noteworthy but the orange sauce is pretty much like crack in a bottle and often justifies the detour to get some.  They should have come up with a better name for the sauce though.one of our staples for tacos and burritos. love the carne asada and the chicken. this is more a 'down home' style mexican than the cali-mex of aqui and chipotle and the like. i am sure they don't use heart healthy EVOO for cooking nor do they skimp on the oil or lard either. that's what makes it taste good!everyone raves about their orange sauce, it is quite tasty. get extra and then hoard it in your fridge. i love getting 2 carne asada tacos and assaulting them liberally with the orange sauce. then i tell myself it's healthy. i only eat one tortilla. tacos are typically pretty packed with meat, and burritos are even heavier. next time i might actually weigh one of these suckers and see what kind of real artery damage i am causing. love their thick rice and beans in the burritos, yum yum.tried the nachos once but they were strangely disappointing, esp after the big blowup review picture they have near the cash register, best nachos in SJ or something like that. i've def had better but it could have been the 5 minute ride home that did them in. we typically get to-go and eat at home, though i have gone here for lunches a time or three. overall really fast service, totally packed at almost any time of the day or night. no ambiance and no parking...take the light rail and get off at paseo de san antonio and walk the few blocks over. it helps to burn off the extra orange sauce calories...whee.What's all the hype about? The burritos are mediocre.. what makes it good is the orange sauce. C'mon now, people. You'll get better shit from the roach coach down the road..let's be real, you only go to La Vic's for their orange sauce. the food here is just plain sub-par: too much rice, not enough meat, and the meat you DO get is dry. it's $6 to buy the bottle. it's a much better value to get the bottle and squeeze it on a worthier burrito. and dont get me started on the "security" guy. what use does a mexican restaurant have for security? is he paid solely to watch after the orange bottles so no one sticks it in their jacket and runs? WHATevs.Came here since brother wanted to take me and others since he liked this place. He ordered a carne asada burrito. The meat was fresh and so was the rest of the ingredients. Meat was very flavorful. The tortilla was also delish since some places are dry but this was warm yet still soft. I LOVED the orange sauce. Will def. come back when I am in this part of town. I will def. ask the brother to bring me home one when he comes back home. The burrito was huge since I didnt finish it and had half left. I saved it thinking I'd it on the drive home to LA if I got hungry. I didnt want to eat it since thought it was spoiled brother said to eat it since it wasnt and I did and he was right. It tasted the same when I first got our order. YUM! Highly recommend this place.Some people just don't get it.  The Orange Sauce... I'll never forget it.  My girlfriend and I made excuses to go shopping in the San Jose area (we're from SF) just so we can go to La Vic's for some burritos.  If you've only been there once and already giving a bad review, go at least two more times.  I was not impressed at all the first time I went.  Now I don't want burritos from anywhere else.  I've converted quite a lot of people.i've been here a few times late night, and it was always cheap, quick and decent food - the orange sauce is awesome...but..a few months ago i decided to grab some carnitas burrito for a quick dinner.my friend got carne asada... the meat was dry for his and INEDIBLE for mine - it's as if the carnitas was overcooked for a few hours, and the left outside for days. it was just awful.so 2 days later, unfazed, i decided to give La Vic a second chance. surely they could prove themselves right?WRONG. the meat was as bad if not worse. i think i should've just saved the other night's awful burrito and eat it again. there were pieces where the edge of the meat was so dry that it would break skin if i scratch it against it2 stars for the orange sauce, but i haven't been back there for anything and will not go back except to buy more orange sauce. it was the worst burrito i've ever had, and trust me, mexican food in montreal takes a strong stomach to handle. bleh - THUMBS DOWN La Vic.La Vic has delicious burritos but the orange sauce is a gift from the heavens. What other restaurant has two locations within mear miles of one another and BOTH have lines out the door. La Vic does, and they have the orange sauce to thank. The food is delicious on its own; but adding the orange sauce takes your eating experience from good to wondrous.OK SO FIRST OF ALL THIS IS THE BEST PLACE TO GET BURRITO'S BY FAR. So I first tried La Vic's about two years ago && I totally fell in love with the orange sauce. That sauce is great with pretty much every type of mexican food. Its $6 for the bottle which isn't bad I guess? I usually just eat there so I can get unlimited use of their bottles =]The best part is the food's affordable its like 5 bucks for a huge burrito...its also open hella late so after a night out its always nice to get some good mexican food.  Only part I hate is that its small inside and seats get taken fast and lines can get long, but its only understandable since SJSU is down the street && the fact that la vics is hella popular so who wouldn't want to go there. Either way its all worth it.This place is awesome! i love getting burritos here late at night. its perfect for those days when your downtown and buzzin. The orange sauce is delicious!It's not just the orange sauce, the food is pretty damn good. Even though it gets super packed, they move quick. It's definitely your late-night spot. Just be careful with how much orange sauce you put -- maybe it's just me, but I can't handle as much as I used to! Such a shame. I really love their nachos, burritos, and quesadillas. Also, when the hell did they start having upstairs seating?!I've lived in San Diego for my undergraduate career, and after eating countless burritos, I pretty much thought I had tasted it all. I was so wrong. La Vic's is absolutely fantastic! The orange suace. I have no words. I will be back for more!2 words: Orange Sauce!!!!! Love it!Visited La Victoria for the first time one week ago. The food was good, especially the Carnita Tacos! So delicious! And YES that "Orange Sauce" (whatever may be in it) is addictive. We brought a bottle home and have been cooking our homemade dinners according to what would go with the Orange Sauce. Not tired of it yet. LoL.i guess if you want a quick food fix, this is a decent place to come to... not too long ago, we went to the location right by sjsu and i had of course, a carnitas taco.... fat taco, packed with lots of meat... but you also had to pay for it... three something.... expensive for a taco... tasty though... we got it to go so we could eat outside... stingy with orange sauce... husband and i were fighting over it... had the same thing at la vic's other location and ugh... one, they took forever with our order and it wasn't even crowded... and two, they slapped my poor taco together with no love and drowned it in sour cream and guacomole... or can i even assume that's what it was?i ended up not finishing it... i guess i'll just stick with the quesedillas...Located across the street from San Jose State, this is a spot for students.  It's all about that orange sauce, which is for sale at $6 a bottle. I had a super burrito with carne asada. The burrito isn't bad--descent flavor and not dry like other places.  But my preference is for "al pastor" which is spicy and a bit more juicy.  The horchata is surprisingly bland.The team and I decided to pull a late night La Vic's run after giving SJ's Christmas in the park a run through. The friday night line was long to say the least, but the staff ran through it pretty quick. Alright, I'll be the first to admit it, the orange sauce is the bomb digity shiznit. It's pretty much rad and is this places claim to fame. The carnitas meat was plentiful and delicious, my chile releno was decent, but the nachos got cold fast and were lacking. Sometimes I feel like when a restaurant relies heavily on one "hook" (the orange sauce in this case), they end up being able to slack off on the food a bit. Basically if other taquerias reproduced the orange sauce, La Vic's would be a dime a dozen.the corn quesadilla with carne asada is the only thing i get here. its hard to mess up on and it taste like a fully loaded taco with extra cheese... yummmyNot the best Taqueria in the entire Bay for me. But I stopped through here again and the steak super burrito, chips-n-salsa, with that orange sauce pwned it. I was choking over the orange sauce coughing heavy but my excuse: it was good.I feel dirty after eating here, and I'm fucking Pakistani.Came here based on a friend's recommendation. We ordered a couple super burritos and YUMM is all can I say. Fresh tasting ingredients and the sauce they call "orange" sauce adds a nice touch. Personally, I was a little suspicious of this "orange" sauce at first, but it was good. I'd name it something more appetizing than orange sauce, but I guess it works for them.The orange sauce ROCKS! I always pick up a bottle of their secret sauce and use it on whatever I can put it on before it runs out. My only complaint is that it is $6 a bottle so it is pricey to take home but when you eat in the restaurant they give you a bottle to use.All I gotta say is that I love their Orange Sauce and the nachoes (drenched in Orange sauce!!) =)i go here from time to time, but my past visit just might be my last.one of the worst experiences i have had dining in here.other than the ladies screamin yer number like crazy, they even LITERALLY breathe behind your back to check for the bottled orange sauce. i was very uncomfortable, me and my group of friends eating while the ladies watched our every bite. as soon as i finished my very last bite, the lady took my garbage with the swiftest hand and took the orange sauce too. i told the lady were not done yet because i had friends still using the bottle!they take their orange sauce too seriously. one time one of the ladies chased me off the street because she suspected that i stole the sauce bottle! i honestly could have sewed the place, but i was feelin nice that day.let me talk about the food. yes, it is quite OVERRATED. just try the food without the orange sauce. it is quite VERY SALTY, and the orange sauce just covers it up. good orange sauce, ok-to-eeeehhh..... food.to be honest, super taqueria off 10th and william is quite underrated IMO.i have to say IGUANA'S is better. hmmm let me think, iguana's has student discounts, friendly service, $1 menu's, great selection of food, live bands on some days, free drink refills....i think i'll go to iguana's!!the only time ill go back to la vics is if i get some taqueria food at place not named la vics and i feel like getting some orange sauce with it.let me stress... OVER RATED.I love that sauce on my carnitas enchiladas. GO ORANGE SAUCE!Being from San Diego, I am very hard on most Taquerias out in the bay area because Rice and beans are not my cup of tea in a burrito but everybody has there own "thing". La Vic has been recommended many times to us from family and friends. So we decided to head out that way for a late dinner, and boy was it crackin. There was a line and the wait was a little long but the orange sauce made up for it. I orded a super burrito no beans with carne asada and the lady ordered a super flour quesdilla with carne asada.  The meat was pretty good, pretty juicy but a little bland but the sauce put it all together. Loved it so much, I bought a bottle to take back home. 3 stars for the food.. +1 star for the sauce.If you've been downtown, you must've heard of this place. I've been going here for a long time (though it's been a while since I've been) and I have a feeling that they've gotten a little worse over the years, but maybe it's just my imagination. I still recommend this place. Everyone raves about their orange sauce, which is pretty good with what they serve, but I do feel as though it's a bit overhyped at times. Usually order a Carne Asada Quesadilla and love it. Have visited SJSU a few times last summer and remember coming here for lunch all the time. It's two stories if you want to eat inside but it usually gets busy quick and seats are always packed downstairs, so watch out. Never had a problem inside though, service is fine and things have always gone smoothly for me.I only go here for one reason just like everyone else in the world. I go here specifically for their orange sauce. If I am hungry then I will order a super chicken quesidilla (no salsa because it makes the quesidilla extremely soggy). But other than that, their burritos aren't very authentic to me. Might I mention, the meat is VERY salty, which is why I avoid going here. I wish they had better burritos because I loves me some Mexican food.The burritos are cheap, fresh and made quickly.  Lines can get long during lunchtime, especially when school is in session.  The orange sauce is to die for, but bring gum or a breathmint for later (lotsa garlic, I think).  They also do breakfast burritos which are quite tasty.I really don't understand the fuss about this place.  They always mess up my order and i speak pretty good spanish, it takes forever and a day to get your food, even when they arent busy, you have to constantly be on the lookout for tow trucks eyeing your vehicle from the jack in the crack parking lot.... My wife went to SJSU so she adores the place and since i love her, i dont mind driving down there and eating my disappointing food.I thought i would try something different since i havent enjoyed the nachos, carne asada tacos or burritos, tortas are just average...  even their famous orange sauce is just ok....So i tried the pastor - and it was drenched in what i am guessing is chorizo grease, i gave up after one bite - i was ashamed to pass it on to my dog but he will eat ANYTHING! Luckily i was smart and i also order their tacos de lengua (tounge) and to my astonishment and surpise i was furtuitous enough to have found it to be nice and tender and melted in my mouth....So next time the wife is feeling nolstagic, i can go and get her veggie burrito minus the onions, tomato, & sour cream and i can at least have their 1 item that tastes good... LENGUAIts like heaven in my mouth!!98% of their food is crap but their quesadilla and orange sauce are GOLDEN. that is a fact as old as time.but here is their misstep that warrants this low rated review:1) i came in around 2:15 and asked if i could get my quesadilla para aqui, but they said NO, it's currently to-go only. I thought meh, that's understandable, they're closing in fewer than 15 minutes (according to yelp for monday nights). normally it wouldn't really matter two shits to me because i was going to scarf it down there real fast anyway....but the way in which the cooks package the food to-go, rolled up and wrapped in foil, renders it soggy much more quickly than otherwise, negating the very crispy characteristic that places these quesadillas at the forefront of all quesadillas in the first place! mine was still delicious, but it really was significantly less crispy even though i unwrapped it almost immediately. what really bugged me though is that as it turns out, they actually stayed open til 3, which would have meant my friend and i had ~45 minutes to eat . and they won't let us dine in when they're that far from closing? shady.2) i was so fucking thirsty and apparently it's a new policy to refuse patrons water because they don't want to provide water cups. i speculate that it's possibly to either save money on cups or to circumvent guests smuggling soda into their water cups thereby preventing the cannibalization of their drink sales which have huge profit margins. i'd say the kind of pissed off people get when they realize how shady you are leaves a much more negative impact over all though.Had the regular burrito with carne asada. They gave me two things of orange sauce. It's a sort of ranch-y hot sauce and its the perfect complement to the savory, meaty burrito. Open late. Cheap. Will eat here againThe employees were nice enough and the orange sauce is pretty good but I wouldn't recommend the food unless you are really drunk.  The taquitos were so overdone on the ends of the chicken were like crunchy leather and I'm pretty sure they microwaved  the wet burrito I had.  My suggestion is to go around the corner to Iguanas unless you're really drunk and can't stagger any further.Yum! As far as food, AMAZING! As far as location/parking, very poor. I use to come here ALL the time but, between the college kids from SJSU and the lack of parking close to the restaurant, it has made my trips to La Vics waaay less. They have awesome security who manage to keep the place somewhat settled, but most of the time, on weekends it's madness! Which for some, makes it even better of a scene and for others, complete chaos! If you have never been, you NEED to go and taste the orange sauce though, its amazing!ORANGE SAUCEEEE; I'm all about that orange sauce hype. It's addicting. La Vics is open until 3AM, so I swing by whenever I get late night munchies. I won't say it's the best Mexican food in the area, but their orange sauce makes it pretty high up there. I do use the orange sauce for other non Mexican food items. For $6 a bottle, I'd say it's a steal. GET YOUR FOOD CRISPY; it will taste that much better. Enjoy that delicious orange heaven ;)La Vic's is always my first choice on Thursdays after a night out drinking with the homies. Don't be put off by the fact that 75% of my trips here have occured in the midst of a drunken stupor - I have also been known to make the round trip from Hayward, on rainy nights and work nights no less, just for the simple fact that the food here is THAT GOOD. Oh, and the orange sauce goes great with frozen pizza as well (I bought two bottles of it while I was broke and living out of my freezer in San Francisco... it definitely transformed the aforementioned pizza as well as ramen, hot dogs and rice into something worth swallowing!).The orange sauce makes all the difference. THey bottle it now and sell it by the bottle. I was traveling to LA so i didn't have a cooler to chill it, but next time i'll be prepared.I'm really not a big fan of la Vics. I went to SJSU for 4 1/2 years and have always preferred going to iguanas around the corner over this place. The place is in a small house looking spot. They're really crowded around normal meal Times and after the bars close. Their carne asada meat is bland, and the on occasions my beans were undercooked. Maybe it's just me, but I'll easily pass on this place.I love the food here!  Not a lot of seating, not real fancy, but the food is RIDONKULOUS  All you have to know is get the ORANGE SAUCE! That in itself is what drives people to this place.  The green sauce is fantastic as well. I would love if they opened one in my town, but I can always hope!it's a serious love-hate  relationship with this place. Hate the service, the cramp seating style, and the McShady attitude with the orange sauce and the food. love the orange sauce, the entrees, and the joy it makes in my mouth. *sigh* i can deal with inattentive service, but being extremely frugal and charging extra for refills on drinks (60 cents), is pretty wtf.  totally not a "lets not give a crap and give more to the customers" environment. more like a "I WANT YOUR MONIESS BEECHESS!" i was once charged for taking out guacamole out of my super burrito at the other location. who the fuck, charges you extra when u want to take something out?? this was a while back, so hopefully they don't do that anymore. i'll admit, la vic is the shit sometimes, on a drunken night, but whassup with tacking fees on most things?holy shit, this orange sauce is beating the shit out of me. acid reflux!FOOD IS 3/4... ORANGE SAUCE IS A 10!!!!  Everyone in the San Jose area MUST go here for late-night munchies, or their AWESOME breakfast burritos.  You must visit... If for no other reason than to try their Orange sauce!  Buy a $6 bottle.  You will NOT be disapointed!!!I took away one star because of how hard it is to get rid of the taste of the orange sauce. Often hours later i will still have the taste in my mouth. I will brush my teeth and hopefully i don't burp cause the taste will come right back. Oh I do love the sauce though. I get emails asking to send them the sauce!!! The food is standard fare for a taqueria. Everything is solid from what I have tried. Go for the sauce I say. Just bring a tooth brush and altoids if you are going out after.It's all about the motherf*ckin orange sauce! This mexican joint would probably be 3 stars if it wasn't for the awesome orange sauce. Pick some up next time and throw it on a sandwich, burger, or prettty much anything for that matter. The chicken quesadillas here are above average as well as the burritos. Eclectic, mostly drunk post-club kids after midnight on weekends. Good times.fresh ass burrito. i really tried to find somethin bad with it. but i cant. it was fresh food, good meat, delicious, sauce. long lines, but i forgive them for that. i love this place. the chicken is delicious and the steak is too.It's their HOT SAUCE that makes everything PERFECT.YUM!  I don't even like mexican food and I have to say that this is one of my favorite Taquerias.  The Orange Sauce is THE BEST, and 1 burrito is good for 2 meals for me.  I can eat half at lunch and eat the rest at dinner and it still tastes as good as the first bite I took.  I wish there were more of these places!!Maybe I didn't experience the great food like everyone else because I ordered nachos instead of a burrito...For all the hype that has been built around La Vics, I wasn't that impressed. My nachos were basically the same as a burrito I could have gotten, but instead of rice and and a tortilla, everything was spread across stale chips!I got a huge portion for what I paid and there was probably no way I could have ate it all if I wanted. I firmly believe that the nachos there are meant for 2.While everyone around me was giving La Vics high verbal marks, all I could do was figure out a way to make these nachos taste better. A friend suggested putting the famous orange sauce over the nachos. That didn't work out too well, and I eventually threw everything out, got a coffee from Starbucks and called it a day.While my experience at La Vic's wasn't that great, the other people seemed to really enjoy it which earns it 3 starsBest drunk food ever. I've been going here for years. It's known for it's orange sauce but try the tacos. I just found them (I always got the burritos) they're amazing!Burritos are mediocre at best, but the sauce brings the taste to another level. I always get a bottle of the sauce when I'm in town.Used to get these all the time when my sister was going to SJSU (years ago). She lived right around the corner from this place. Good burritos and I love the orange sauce! I even bought a whole bottle before! I used to drive from an hour and half away just to eat here! lol, yea that was a little crazy..I'm always a fan of this place. I just wish they expanded their chairs/tables so they can have more people coming in and sitting down.Great carnitas tacos.  Love their salsas.Eh.  It's ok.  This place would be below average in San Diego.  But since its like one out of a few mexican restaurants in San Jose, its probably one of the best.  Burritos are small and they fill it up with rice, beans, lettuce...not a lot of meat.  The orange sauce is pretty good, but can give you the runs.  I hate how it gets so crowded and the line is so long for an ok place, these kids don't know what they're missing in San Diego!I love Mexican food and this is the perfect place to go for some good food after you get out of the clubs in downtown SJ. They open till 3am from Thur-Sat!!!Honestly, I have ZERO clue why this place gets so much hype as it does. Oh wait, I do. It is that orange sauce everyone always keeps talking about. They even sell it by the bottle. Management even tried cracking some clever pun about it on the menu: "Orange you glad you tried La Victoria". Yeah, how original.Anyway, came here after a fraternity type function and had to drive circles around downtown San Jose because there was no parking anywhere to be found and there is no establishment parking as far as I could tell. The actual eatery was small and cramped and not the cleanest place I have ever sat down to eat a meal, but whatever, I guess it passes. Barely.Having heard about this mystical "orange sauce" for months and finally trying it, I can say that it most definitely does not live up to the hype. I ordered the standard plate when you want to judge any taqueria: burritio de asada. Our order took a while because of all the people who had ordered and who wanted to order. (Also, if you come here with a group looking for late night grub, expect to go chair hunting, or just stand) When I finally did get my burrito, I took a bite sans orange sauce... it was bland, tasteless, and just not that good. Disappointed, I poured on some of that secret sauce. You get an awkward tangy taste. For all the hype surrounding the food here, I can honestly say that this is the most forgettable burrito I remember eating in my life. If you need to draw people to your "Mexican" restaurant with some weird condiment instead of the actual food, then something is wrong. You are honestly better off going to a legitimate taqueria in San Jose where the only condiment you need is homemade salsa.1.9/5La Vic's is the best spot to go if you're craving anything at night. It's close to SJSU which makes the place really affordable with big eats. Whatever you get there must be orange sauce on it! Orange sauce makes everything at La Vic's taste even better. Granted it's all fat or whatever, but hey, you can't deny it's hella good.Not the best Mexican food place but it does hit the spot after a night of drinking. The orange sauce AND the green sauce is pretty freaking delicious! I will definitely go back when I'm in the area!Yes the orange sauce is muy bueno I will admit that up front. I had a lot of expectations before coming here. A lot of my friends raved about this place but they've only eaten here after a night on the town.  I have been meaning to come here but somehow cramped quarters filled with drunk people always made me put it off.So I came to La Vics (thats what the cool kids call it) on a Sunday night hoping there was no new Sunday night club that just opened. Luckily, it was just filled with an entire San Jose State dorm. No problem, if the food is good I'll wait. I ended up ordering an al pastor regular taco, super carne asada nachos, and an orchata. The al pastor taco was way too greasy. The consistency of the meat was mushy and undiscernible. Call me a purist but I like my tacos with meat, onions, cilantro, and sauce and thats it. There was an article from The Wave strategically placed right by the register(works every time), which highlighted the nachos. I enjoyed it but nothing to write home about. The round chips they used were stale and not crispy at all, reminding me of something you would buy in bulk. Lastly, I am a big fan of orchata and theirs was too watery and not enough cinnamon.All in all, I can see why the late night crowd enjoys this place. Although the cramped quartes, few tables, and snakelike line seems to beg  for drunken altercations.  I think I will come back here one more time to try the quesadilla and torta.If all else fails, it will be worth it to come back during non club hours to buy the a bottle of orange sauce($6)  to use on other people's tacos.In search of flavorSalty McCrackersonbeen eating here for for a long time. I've noticed that the sauce has gotten waterier. They should stick to the original reciepe!Solid tacos though nothing to write home about.it's really just not that great :\\decent burritos, i guess. but i've had much much better.it's just trendy place, and the layout is cool, but that's about it. plus the staff is pretty hurrying. rawr, i need to think about my burrito choices! lol :\Its definitely the orange sauce.I would pay for a bottle of it, Oh wait, I already have.and the foods pretty good too. prices asre great and its in a great location.I LOVE THIS PLACE! This place gets really crazy on the weekends, but its worth it!!  yummmmyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!Great burritos. The steak has just the right  amount of caramelization on it.They dont get the best food or service but they are open when they need to be... 2 stars...I am not a fan of this place.  I think their quality has gone wayyyyy down.  The orange sauce I got recently tasted watered down.  They were also VERY stingy with the sauce.  When I asked for the orange sauce, they rolled their eyes at me and handed me one.  One little container per burrito? Are you serious?  That is way to little.    Rude Rude Rude!  I will be taking my business around the corner to the other place...you know...the lizard-like one.Excellent, cheap Mexican food.  The burritos are huge, the nachos are amazing.  Even the breakfast burritos for $2 are delicious.  Make sure to use the La Vic special sauce....  it's really really good.La Vics sauce is BOSS!...Now there are many taquerias in San Jose but nothing compares to La Vics because the sauce they have is crazy.  It is this weird looking orange sauce that taste good on everything.  They have tacos, burittos, nachos, quesdillas, and even entree plates.  They even have drink like Horchata and Jarritos.  I only go here for two things and that is the Super Quesdilla and the famous La Vics Orange Sauce.  I really recommend you eat there as the quesdilla is real the best fresh, if you take it home, then the wrap it up and it looks like burrito and gets super soggy!....La Vics is the best Taqueria in San Jose because their sauce is boss and taste good on anything you order!Orange sauce is amazing.  Sometimes their meats are dried out and overdone,  sometimes the rice is also dry, but at the end of the day its still la vics.Maybe this place is good when you're drunk, but I thought it was pretty awful. The famous orange sauce is some kind of cayenne mayonnaise. It's not good. My burrito tasted a bit like dirty dish towels. I didn't try anything else, but definitely won't be back.This place is good for all those late nights after drinking. Sober? I can't say it's the best??I always ask for more orange sauce, chili rojo and chili verde and I can't believe how much they actually give me.  I think once ended up stashing about six of them in the fridge so that I could use it on other stuff.  I've put it on cheese pizza before (I like my pizza spicy), and I would probably do it again.I can't complain about the college kid "hangout" feel, since this is a college hangout.  And if you're looking to grab something after a night out at bar/s, it's going to be packed.  However, this is the only Mexican place close to my friend's apartment that has not made sick after a night at the bar/s.  Weird, since I've tried a couple other places, and they were packed too - but when I got back "home"....yeah....it wasn't such a great experience.  So I stick to what doesn't make me sick.  I do change up what I order though.  I go through phases.  I usually get will lengua or carne asada, but in various incarnations.  I usually will get normal tacos (don't like the "super" anything), burritos, corn tortillas.  I had the enchiladas once - meh, not ordering them again, it was really expensive for not a lot of food compared to other items, and they were not good.I haven't tried any of their breakfast burritos, but I have a thing for bacon and potatoes in my burritos, and I read in one of the reviews, that they have that!  I'll have to try it next time.  Another thing to try is "nacho fries" (just for the novelty of it).  I'm picky about my French fries.  I really dislike skinny "fast food" fries.  The best fries I've had were at the Kingshead Pub in Santa Monica, CA.  So I'm always looking for British style "chips", since they're so different than American fries.  I've discovered through a Mexican friend when I was complaining that I can't find a place like Kingshead close to where I live (since we always used to go there), she told me, go to a greasy Mexican place and get fries there.  What? There's fries at greasy Mexican places?  How did I not know this - oh because it's not on the menu!  So since then, when I have a craving for "chips" - I have to settled for getting some fries (and the crinkle cut ones - or steak fries) to curb my craving.  Now I'm getting hungry thinking about a bacon and potato (which probably means "French fries) burrito...ORANGE SAUCE! Why bother going here if you do not get the orange sauce?! I recommend the super quesadilla with carne asade.La Vic's, as it is affectionately known, used to be a 4, or even a 5 star fast food restaurant and I ate there for almost 4 years. Unfortunately, ever since Iguana's, their primary competitor, went out of business, the quality of La Vic's has gone significantly downhill. The orange sauce IS good, but not as good as the other reviewers say, and definitely not good enough to redeem this place now that it isn't as good as it used to be. At least it's still open late.Usually busy. They have the best carne asada quesadillas! The burritos are okay too. I usually hate spicy food, but the orange sauce is pretty good.Burritos are good esp when your drunk hahah and best orange sauce ever...I can eat that with anything! Place is dirty and cold but that doesn't faze me at all...some of the best joints are in dirty rundown spots! O and the Nachos are good too!OMG!  This place is so tasty!  I am a huge fan of their steak burritos and steak tacos.  Use their Orange Sauce!  It's so spicy and I always buy a bottle to take home with me.  I put that sauce on everything I eat, from hot pockets, mac & cheese and cereal!  Ok, not so much the cereal, but damn, this place is fabulous.  When I'm in the downtown San Jose area, stopping by this place is a MUST.  Make sure you don't consume too much of the Orange Sauce because remember, it has to come back out!  I had a bad experience with the Porcelain God so now I'm always conscious of how much I use.  ;)i love the orange sauce! so good! so much better than the iguana's hot sauce that's right around the corner. it's not the best place, but it's still really good.i recommend the quesedilla and the super burrito. and super nachos. make sure you use the orange sauce :)service is decent. they make it pretty fast. you can't use your card unless your order is i think $6 or more.cheap, fast, open late night.small/not a lot of tables so i usually take it to go and eat it somewhere else. there's a lot of tables right next to the 4th street parking garage on sjsu's campus.Perfect place to grab a yummy quick bite or to go because seating there can get filled by the time your order is taken. I order the cheese quesadilla 4$  and The super taco for 3$ with guacamole is just sinful with two toasted corn flour tortillas to wrap the beef, guac, sour cream, and cheese ( I skip the beans and rice) is so  delicious especially with their Majic Secret Orange Spicy Sauce. Crazy burst in your mouth of yummyliciousness. I'm sure my heart hates me, but I wash all that down with their Aqua Fresca watermelon/ strawberry or Mango just crazy good and Inexpensive. Go shock your taste bud and heart, but not your your pocket at La VicsMy husband took me here the day after our wedding...funny huh...I was craving a breakfast burrito and I knew they didn't have any at the Fairmont so he took me here.  Loved it!  I don't know what that orange sauce is but it was super good.  Good place to go to after hitting up the clubs!Other than the orange sauce, I think people over-hype the place in general. The burrito's are not that special, but it's decent. Ive been here when it;s crowded and the service does take a while, but you get your food in an appropriate time.Sorry, folks, but there are better places that offer better authentic Mexican food. I get that it is popular among the college crowd and the food is great if youre in a time-crunch or are just craving some quick Mexican food, but nothing to special.As a Mexican, this is food one can prepare easily at home. But great place to catch up with friends and have a decent meal. :)Burritos are average. I only come here for the sauce.Loved itReally good food, at an affordable price. I love their Orange Sauce, and their Super Quesadillas are BOMB-DIGGITY! And it's close to the SJSU campus, so it's really convenient when I want to get my grub-on.It might be because I've been spoiled by San Diego joints, but this place is a complete shithole. Granted I finished the food only because Mexican food is bomb, but still this place sucked. And all I kept hearing from people was how good this joint was. Either these people have low standards, wait, no, that's exactly it. Drive to SD and even cross the border to taste real Mexican food.late at night, or middle of the day- this place hits the spot. Orange sauce is the #1 reason to go. Buy a bottle to take home.I got FOOD POISONING from eating a quesidilla. Enough said. Until I decide to "try" it again. It will stay as one star.The orange sauce made me go back to church!Chavellas!! enough saidThe Orange sauce is awesome as well as the burritos.The food is pretty good, but the atmosphere is better.   The burritos are good, but without the special hot sauce they wouldn't be anything special.  It's a casual environment, but bright and usually bustling.    One of the best parts about this place is that it is open until 2 AM, even during the week.So I was a fan of Mexican food... I still think it's delicious, and I'll eat it on the occasions I have huge Mexican food cravings. I used to frequent La Vics in my early college years. One night, my roommate and I were craving La Vics (we lived in Santa Clara (SCU)), we drove to La Vics expecting the usual pile of delicious greasy food. After we finished, we both started to feel VERY sick... like sit on the toilet and don't get up type of sick. It was quite uncomfortable. It happened twice before I decided to stop going... food quality may be questionable.If your stomach can handle it, this is your typical hole in the wall taqueria- you'll get all the yummy greasy food you want here! The sauce is pretty good too.I've never been inside coz my sister is usually the one that gets me food from this place. The only thing i've had are their burritos and they're pretty good. The sauce is good. And that's all I have to say.horrible in every way possible.lost my businessIt's all about the sauce, take that out and the you have dry meat. I'd rather have a burrito that has a lot of flavor without their special sauce. AND it's really expensive! I've had burritos for $3.25 without tax in Tracy and it has a lot of flavor without any special sauce. I think their burritos are like $6 something over here, right? But I know it's around that price range and I say thats a little too pricey considering the fact that their meat is not even tender enough to chew. Oh, and as for seating, have fun finding some because it gets really crowded. Overall, I'd buy the sauce any day but I'd put it on another burrito. =PProbably my favorite Mexican food restaurant! Their food is great a well as their orange sauce 0_o it's soo good.This is my most favorite place to eat in the whole wide world! I come here atleast 15 times a month. Im going to eat there after i finish writing this review. Realtalk. My diet consist of Mainly Lavics. They have the best quesadilla ! Mediocre burritos and y'all already know about that orange sauce, no explanation needed. If you ain't tried it you probably eating at taco bell or del taco too much. Oh and the strawberry drink is bomb!La Victoria Taqueria is easily the most over-hyped burrito joint I've been to.  The fact that I even gave it two stars is because of its one saving grace, the orange sauce--a creamy, mildly spicy sauce that people go crazy for.  I personally prefer Iguana's orange sauce as it tends to have more flavor and a lot more spice, but I'm willing to say that La Vic's is excellent in its own rite.  If, like me, you've bought a bottle to take home you'll soon find yourself slathering it on anything and everything.Sauce is great and all, but at the end of the day La Vic's is a burrito joint and in this regard they are terrible.  The burritos are SO soggy--not in the pleasantly greasy way you might expect, but flat soggy.  They're never put on the griddle to warm up/toast and when combined with the bounty of watery lettuce and other ingredients, creates a sloppy mess.  The beans and the meat lack flavor and the rice is overcooked.  I've never been satisfied after eating a La Vic's burrito because the only flavor comes from the orange sauce you HAVE to slather on.I don't understand why people have rated them so highly and on review it is most often because of the sauce. This is a BURRITO joint, not a sauce factory, and as such is two stars at best.La VIc's tastes better when you've had a few drinks. I used to come all the time when I was younger and out and about more, and La Vic's was the spot to go after clubbing/bar hopping in Downtown San Jose. Then I tried them again when completely sober and the food tasted not so great. My friend was in town and really wanted to go here after the bars, so we stopped by around 1:30am on a Saturday night. I got a Carne Asada Super Taco without beans (Cheese, Sour Cream, Guacamole, Salsa, $3.15, yelp.com/biz_photos/la-v…) which was amazing with the unlimited orange sauce from the bottle since we chose to dine in. This taco was a steal for only $3.15 since it had a good amount of meat and other toppings. The line also wasn't too long when we got there and it only took 10-15 minutes to receive our order, and there were still tables available to sit at. By the time we left (around 2am), the line was out the door. Lesson learned: only dine at La Vic's with at least a mild buzz, and come early to avoid the post club rush! There is 1 unisex bathroom available for patrons to use at this location. Parking was easy for us when we came, since there are a good number of street parking spots available.love it hereI love La Vic's. It's the go to place for Mexican food for me. It's crowded at night (especially Friday's) but it's worth the maybe 20-30 minute wait. I waited roughly 10-15 minutes on Friday and that was a shock to me. You may have to deal with rowdy SJSU students and downtown San Jose citizens getting out of the clubs but it's pretty funny. I love it here. Always go back every time.For all the hype, I'm not impressed. The place is busy and full of college kids, as one might expect from the location, and their fabled orange sauce flows like water, but here's the deal: A taqueria combo plate should come with tortillas or (at the very least) chips. Also, an enchilada usually involves some sort of sauce. I ordered a combo plate with two cheese enchiladas and one chile relleno (pretty standard stuff). I asked for sour cream and guacamole and corn tortillas, same as I would at any other taqueria, and got none of them. In fact, I noticed that there were no tortillas and asked the girl behind the counter for some and was rebuffed by the guy in the kitchen! He actually stood in front of a shelf full of tortillas and told me they didn't "do tortillas". I don't think this was a misunderstanding; I think the guy really refused to give me any tortillas. He also told me they were out of chile rellenos. No chile rellenos? At 11:45AM? That's pretty bad. What I eventually got was the three enchilada combo plate ($7.50) - literally rice, beans and three enchiladas. These enchiladas had no sauce. I shit you not. Just tortillas and cheese. And grease, of course, but no sauce. The only bonus was a piece of chicken that somehow made its way into one of my enchiladas. Yay! Bad scene all around. Don't believe the hype.Ok 3 stars... but an extra star for the orange sauce they have.  Burritos are mediocre but made better with the orange secret sauce. You can buy the sauce and put it on another burrito somewhere else *thumbs up* for an even better burrito experience. Haven't tried any thing else they offer but for a quick filling lunch a la vic burrito will do the job for a fair price.Came here on an urge for a late night snack and was pretty happy with the results. It's right near San Jose State so there were a lot of late night hungry students when I went. I decided on the taco supreme and found that the steak meat was fantastic. Besides the really drunk/high people there it was a hunger that was full-filled for a late night meal.La Vic's, oh La Vics...how you are so overhyped. You are one of the worst place I've ever eaten at. Been here once some time last spring, wasn't impressed. Decided to give it another chance since I craved a quesadilla. Your braised pork was fatty and flavorless. The green sauce had a bit of flavor but greasy as well. Salsa...what salsa? 2 or 3 mini cubes of tomato? Oh and your tortilla, half cripsy, half greasy. And how could I forget about the oh so popular orange sauce. Tried a bit of it and never, ever again. It's just a bottle of orange grease that could give you a heart attack anytime. After eating at the horrid place, my stomach couldn't even digest all the grease in my belly. In fact, I was coughing for a good 10 minutes feeling so ill to the point of vomitting. Yeps good times. I will never eat here again.This place is alright to eat after a late night of drinking/clubbing. The lines do get ridiculously long during those times. I used to go here a lot with friends to eat some carne asada burritos/quesadilla. Now things have changed since I have experienced Socal mexican food. This place does not even compare. The burritos are okay, but the orange sauce does make it taste better. The only reason I would go back is for the orange sauce.The burrito was good and filling, but I don't get how everyone raves about the orange sauce, it was ok. Maybe cause we were there on halloween but the crowd was questionable, and the area is a little sketchy.Not only are the food greasy and oily, they have some of the worst customer service here ever. They gave me the wrong order and wouldn't even change it even though I had the receipt. I was a regular customer too. There are better mexican places around the corner.Came here at 1am on a Sunday night. You would think that these are off hours, but the place was relatively packed with only one table available to sit at. I would have gone to Iguanas but they're closed on Sundays.I ordered the chicken quesadilla, no guacamole and a small soft-drink. Somehow on my first fill-up, I do not see the $.60 refill sign and as I usually do, only fill my cup half-way.My food comes and I can already see it's going to be a greasy mess. This was the most disgusting quesadilla I've ever had. I'd say it was 50% grease and 30% runny sour cream with barely any noticeable cheese or salsa. I finish the first half by basically force-swallowing it with the aide of my drink.I don't look forward to eating the second half but I'm hungry. I go to refill my cup and as I am filling it up, there is an old lady yelling at me "sitty cent! sitty cent!" It's at this point I notice the aforementioned sign, own up, and throw the lady $.75 in quarters, to which she gives me a nickel back (I guess they tax refills).At this point, I'm surprised they're not charging me for extra napkins to finish their disgusting, greasy quesadilla. I only get half-way through the second half and happily admit defeat, I'm sure my stomach was thrilled.The food here is disgusting, I can't believe they're charging $.60 for refills on what is 2-5 cents on syrup and carbonated water and was overall a very negative experience.Save your money and go around the block to Iguanas. The orange sauce, no matter how good it is (very over-rated), is not worth the very sub-par food here.You can't beat the orange sauce!3 1/2 stars?! This place is hella good! The food's amazing-- I recommend the Super Burrito with Chorizo decorated with their famous orange sauce, and it's fairly priced. But I wouldn't recommend eating here on weekend nights, unless you go before 2am. There tends to be a lot of stupid people there that require the services of La Vic's stupid security guard. The guy's a complete douche that takes his job way too seriously.My stars are mainly for the orange sauce and being open late. The super burritos here are good especially with the orange sauce, however the burrito alone lacks flavor compared to other taquerias. The place is usually packed, so the wait can be annoying especially because there is no specific wait area and you can barely hear your order being called out. It's better and easier to get your food to go because it's hard trying to find a table to sit at.Their food is good but they always burn their carne-asada. I would give this place a four star but their employees are below mediocre- they are rude and obviously dont care at all about their customers. i wouldnt trust anyone who isnt respectful with my food. (especially if you cant see their kitchen).Recently I went to La Vics with my friend who had prosthetic leg and we tried to eat here, when he sat on a table due to lack of seating, he got reputed by the manager and was forced to stand. I believe that this is a violation of his rights as a disabled citizen. After talking to the manager he threatened to throw us out. I believe that this is wrong on so many levels and due to the managers lack of respect and acknowledgment that I asked we should discontinue any business to them. If you disagree I do not object however please keep in mind he is disabled and just trying to enjoy a burrito.I crave this place all the time. Unfortunately, you have to plan ahead and go at a time when you think you can find parking. There is very little of it, and it's all street parking. Expect to wait in a long line as well...But, when you get past that, get a super burrito with carne asada or carnitas and pour on the golden, fabulous orange sauce. It is heaven...spicy and fabulous.So good.Orange sauce is pig fat grease, hence it separtaing. Cheap food but you have to pay for refills and you have to pay for chips and salsa. There is no service you pretty much do everything yourself. The only reason people eat there is because it is "cool" the food sucksI'm a vegetarian so I always order the Veggie Corn Quesadilla (beans, rice, cheese, guac, sour cream, fresh salsa, and lettuce) for only $2.50!  It's the best Mexican Fast Food in town.  Don't forget the orange sauce, it is to die for.  Mmm, deeeelicious!  And you can even buy a bottle of this stuff to take with you!I like their burrito and orange sauce! Try their super burrito with beef tounge!!! Its super good and tasty. Their steak is not as tasty as Burritozilla but I love their orange sauce. Beside you can get chips for a dollar!Being a student at San Jose State, how could I not hear all the hype about La Vic's and not try it out?I decided to try out a Super Steak Burrito, and it was very, very good. What was even better? The famous orange sauce! I'll be honest, I'm not the biggest fan of spicy sauces, but this is definitely an exception.The location for students living on campus is amazing! It's such a short distance from campus, and it's definitely worth going. Prices are adequately priced for the food, and it stays open VERY late (good for all the people that go party, and are extremely hungry afterwards.)Definitely going back!Used to loveee this place my first couple years of college, but their orange sauce isn't the same anymore!! Why change the recipe when it was so good! Besides that, it's a nice place to get Mexican food for cheapthe food isn't bad, but it isn't remarkable either. the orange sauce is an entirely different story, i bought a bottle the other day and i am guarding it like the holy grail.My absolute favorite taqueria ever!! I dream about it when I'm away at school and can't wait to visit home to eat a carne asada burrito! I love the cute little house it is set in and the staff are all very sweet.  And of course everything is deliciousssssI love the Nacho fries here. It gets very packed but the costumer service is still great. ALWAYS  returning. I love how they're open late too.i remember my friend ruben and i used to go since 1999. Since then it has blown up especially after all the clubs. I usually get the super quesildila with carne asada, sometimes two orders. The sauce is the bomb. I try to take the suace home cause it pretty much goes well with anything like friend chicken and even burgers. Try it. But the bad part of it is it gives you HOTT ASS the next day. You and the toilet we see each other often the next day. Thats just me. But this place is great. The prices and the portions are well worth it.If La Vics only sold their carne asada super tacos and that orange sauce, I would give them 5 stars. Everything else is mediocre. But that orange sauce... and those tacos.. Orgasm in your mouth. Every time. 4 stars just for that.While working down the street over the summer, I went to La Vics every chance I had. The co-workers thought it was a bit much, but I can't get enough! Probably because they didn't have the super tacos with the orange sauce. Really is the only thing you should order. And it is amazing! I miss you La Vics.This place is 5-star when drunk, 1 star when sober.  So I give this place 3 stars.This place is a regular for me.  The burritos are quite tasty, and so are the nachos, BUT I must admit the orange sauce MAKES IT!!  I agree that seating is a pain in the ass, and if it's busy when you walk in there, it can take you up to half an hour to get your food, which is frustrating.  BUT where else can you get a nice, big, GOOD burrito for $6?!  Plus, if you get in there before 11:00, they have pretty decent sized breakfast burritos for TWO BUCKS!!!  Cheap 'n' cheerful, people!ORANGE SAUCE IS MADE OF CHILIES AND LARD. I tasted it, and all I could think about was eating lard. Ewwwwwww :(The super quesadilla was AMAZING though!Man, this place is the reason I can never leave San Jose. It is open late and although the food itself isn't that bad, the orange sauce is like a love story.Sauce=good, line=miserable, food=shit, parking=suicide. Did I say enough?it was just ok.  I am not a fan of burritos filled with rice and beans, with a slimy outer shell.Oh La Vic's, how i love you so!! No doubt, the best quesadilla i've ever had. Add some orange sauce to it, and the best quesadilla becomes even better. Yum!! They're open late so thats a plus, but it also gets CRAZY busy there at night esp club nights so don't expect a great experience at those times. Sometimes we make trips from fremont to SJ just to eat at la vics, my fam always gets frustrated and says things like "DRIVING TO SJ JUST TO EAT A QUESADILLA?!!?" is it worth it? i say, YES!!This place was pretty good - it's a good location because I had no problem parking there on a Sunday noonish.  I didn't actually try the orange sauce because my friend said that it was spicy and I'm a total wimp when it comes to spicy food.  I got a steak quesadilla and thought it was pretty darn good - it came quickly and the order was right.  I think it's lame to charge for refills but I don't need that much soda anyways.  Still seems stingy!the best things here are their supreme quesadilla, nachos, and the orange sauce!  i dont really like their chips because they aren't the fresh fried ones you usually receive from mexican restaraunts, also, their burritos aren't very tasty...other than the chips and burritos, this place has good prices and yummy food!Mmmm mmm. I had visited this establishment years ago with friends, and the orange sauce had haunted my dreams since. I don't know wtf is in that stuff, but it is amazing. I had to find it again. So today I searched and with great luck found ol' Vic with the power of the interwebs. My veggie burrito was pretty good, but really, that sauce. Just go for the sauce, mayne.Without "The Sauce", this place is 3 stars at best.  For way better Mexican food, go to Burrito Factory on Almaden Expressway.ooooo how i love their orange sauce!  if i could... i would just steal the whole case and take it home with me!!!!i looove loove their super quesadillas!  it's soo bad cause it literally drips with yummy oil but it's so bad for you but at the same time, when you eat it, you don't even feel bad because it's so good!!if you come early enough, they have their breakfast burritos for less then $2.  they are really generous on the portion that they give you for the price you pay!La Vic...you are so good, especially in my early twenties when I would go to you, drunk and hungry. Although, must warn you guys, Orange sauce is great until it comes back up at 4am. that was when I regretted my Orange sauce application decision. Oh well. You live, you learn. The food here is good, and of course the Orange sauce makes it great.Tastes good after a few drinks but you'll pay for it the next day...this is an old favorite of mine! the old victorian house with a tiny parking lot. the orange sauce has made them well famous around here, and i'm sure, beyond! it flies off the shelves, as it should! and it's vegan. good to know. so, my favorite would defo be the potato and egg breakfast burrito with cheese -- sometimes i'll get potato & chorizo (now serves any time -- after 11am, i think it's bigger) -- and some oj. great way to get into the day. with the orange sauce, it's jammin'. and the green sauce is equally great. their menu, however, runs the gamut and they do a proper al pastor.This place is a must anytime your near San Jose State. A kick it spot for all the students to get some good mexican food and of course eat some of that orange sauce. I dont know what the hell the orange sauce is but godaaaaym its good. It probably clogged a few of my arteries but hey its ok im young. I had their burrito which isnt bad but when you dip it in the orange sauce it becomes good. But everytime I go there i get the super quesadilla with flour tortilla which is very good, but when you dip it in the orange sauce it becomes....well just try it yourself and youll know what im talking aboutOrange sauce. The burritos and tacos would be just okay if it wasn't for this sauce. They guard the sauce bottles with an eagle eye so don't even try stealing it. Trust me, I've tried. You could buy a bottle, but that's no fun!this place would be nothing without the orange sauce.i mean, dont get me wrong, the food hits the spot...... when u are drunk off your ass after the bars at 2am. but after actually trying the food while sober, it wasnt all that great. in my opinion, just buy the orange sauce and hit up a better burrito place.The foods ok. But that damn orange sauce makes it taste 100times better haha. Me and my girlfriend live in O.C. and we bought a bottle to bring back home. Everyone loved it. So the next time we head back we need to buy more.I am a huge fan of La Vics. As everyone has already said, I'm sure you know about their secret/special "ORANGE SAUCE"!!! All i can say is: Deliciousioso (is that how you spell it??) LOL. Besides that, I enjoy the Veggie Quesadilla, and the Super Veggie Burrito!! This is definitely one of my favorite taqueria's in the bay area. Everytime I hear it's name I have to go and grab me some Mexican Food! YUMMY! OH, and it's open late, and conveniently placed right next to SJSU. There is also another location off of Santa Clara St. near Old Spaghetti Factory! Check it out!ahhhh...La Vics...I remember the good ole days of living the college years in SJSU dorms and drunkenly roaming over to La Vics for a Carne Asada burrito. Usually drenched in orange sauce with a large horchata drink, it was definitely to die for....and well, I pretty much did that the next morning. Eating this delicious meal the night before usually equals to me worshiping the porcelain goddess the next morning. At the ripe age of 26, it is no longer a feat that I can conquer.....but a girl can always dream....I came here a couple times sober after that first time. And the quesadillas are still AMAZING. crispy tortilla, creamy fillings. I think the orange sauce is overrated tho, it's good without it!Carne asada super taco with orange sauce is my favorite and usual here. It's pretty much loaded with everything. Forget their regular taco; super plain, just meat and shell.Amazing on good days, a nice relationship with tjhe toilet on bad ones. It's a hit or miss here. The staff is always so nice though, and when its amazing, it's AMAZING!!This place has saved me many times. The super burritos here are enough to fill anyones gut and I have to concur with Alex about the orange sauce... sobers me up real quick and is very tastey! Too bad you have to get there before 2 am!The oraje sauce is really the only reason I go there.  I am a fan of the burritos but their food is good not the best Mexican.  But the oraje sauce makes up for it all.  If you are a fan of spiciness...this creamy secret sauce is for you! It adds such a kick to my burrito and nachos.  I usually buy a bottle and eat it on everything...good on lasagna too! :)The burritos are so good my roommate and I would each eat 2 after a night at the bars! That  says it all if you considering we each  weigh less then a buck 20! Ohh I dream about the orange sauce. Oh and if your in the mood for something else the carne asada tortas are great.i wish to add a 1/2 to my 3 star rating, but yelp won't let me :(the only downside to la vic that i can see is the wait. it is always crowded because of it's close proximity to state. other than that, weather or not you like the food i feel is a subjective thing. the burritos are ok. the quesdillas are sloppy and greasy, i've never had the taco's...for me the real star of their menu are the carne asada super nachos. piled high with nacho cheese, sour cream, guacamole, pico de gallo, carne asada, and of course a few squirts of the famous (or infamous depending on who you ask) orange sauce, they are a make a dirty good lunch or late-night drunk snack. basically, while i may not go out of my way to grab la vic's every chance i get, it's still a yummy option when i'm looking for some nasty, nacho goodness ;)I love this place!  When I lived in Downtown San Jose, I would eat here constantly. Sometimes the chicken items don't agree with my stomach, and I've talked to my friends and sometimes they have the same issue, but I've never had a problem with the Carne Asada! Try the Orange Sauce, it's the best!I love love love the orange sauce!! It makes up for everything else. If it wasn't for the orange sauce, then I would not love La Vics as much. Without the sauce, my quesadilla/burrito is like any other I've had. Its not special but the sauce definitely makes it delicious. Service is ok, the workers there are not extremely friendly. It gets pretty annoying when you hear them constantly screaming out each order number if you are eating in. The place gets crowded fast and the line would extend out the door. Hard to find a table when it's after club hours or during lunch. Parking is pretty annoying, hard to find parking. I used to park at Mcdonalds but you might get your car towed away so I stopped.On some days it does get a bit crazy with all the drunk people around, so if you want to avoid that, don't go too late. Other than that, I LOVE THE SAUCE!Went here after the Linkin Park concert and noticed the burritos aren't made as well as they used to. There was way too much beans and not enough meat. I would have thrown it away if it weren't for the orange sauce.There's a lot of hype about this place, and in my opinion, not much at this place is worth all that hype...EXCEPT for the orange sauce. That slightly sweet, mostly spicy special concoction is what keeps me coming back. I recommend eating-in so that you can pour as much of it as you want into your burritos, tacos, quesadillas, mouth, etc. If you come here in the mornings you can get their breakfast burritos for pretty cheap, which is also something you can douse with orange sauce.In the debate over whether La Vics or Iguanas is better, I vote La Vics!Their burritos are awesome, their quesadillas are awesome, decently priced, and convenient.You get a lot of food for your buck, so don't go unless you're hungry. It will fill you up.There is only one reason why this place gets 3 stars from me.The food is mediocre, but this place is all about the ORANGE SAUCEIt's all about the sauce. That's the only thing it's got going for it.Without the sauce, no one woud go.You know the food is not going to be good when all the customers only clamore about the sauce. LOLWhere do you go for the best freakin' quesadillas in the entire world? Duh!! La Vic's of course!!! The super quesadilla with carne asada and the works is a quesadilla to crave!! And it's all about their orange sauce!! Holy MOLY!!!!! This is the one reason I miss living in San Jose. La Vic's.... I miss you!If you asked me when I went to college, I probably would have given this place 5 stars, but then I found out, as mentioned in a previous post, that the orange sauce contains chorizo (pork) grease leaving me feeling betrayed, since pork is against my religion. Lines here are long and once you order, it can take pretty long for them to get your food ready. The reason I'm giving this place 3 stars is because the super nachos are off the hook, even w/o the orange sauce.For the past six months, whenever I am craving a burrito I find myself at La Vic.  I hated the orange sauce at first and thought it was some type of spicy thousand Island dressing. Also the burritos didn't need it, they were tasty all on their own.  Lately though I find myself putting  more and more orange sauce on my burritos.  It grew  on me...This place is awesome! I love their quesadillas and burritos. The prices are also reasonable....  but of course, none of these matter. There is only one reason why people come to lavics: the infamous orange sauce!If you haven't been here, you should check it out. If you have any SJSU friends who have high praises of this place - well, you can trust them. The orange sauce is the real deal. It is as good as advertised.Friendly service, great food! Their sauce is out of this world. Me being a desi, it gives the Mexican food the extra kick perfect for my taste buds. My favorite - quesadilla! I used to come here more often when I lived in the south bay. Now that I'm in the east bay, I have to try and come here every time I'm in SJ downtown.I will party in DT SJ just so I can stumble down the street to La Vic's and get a burrito or nachos. "what you wanna do tonight?" "hmmm i feel like eating nachos after drinking.. so let's go to San Jose". Who knows if this place is any good when i haven't been drinking, but damn i start craving this stuff even after putting down my 3rd drink. A word of caution.. make sure you have toilet paper in the bathroom before you sleep cuz most definitely you will be running to the bathroom first thing in the morning to drop the kids off.star for orange sauce.star for place to get sober.        for food.        for service.star  for seeing drunk girls/people acting stupid. love it! hahahaLa vics is amazing the best thing to get there is either the super quesadilla or the super cheese fries. The Orange sauce is amazing and i put it on everything. The only place sucks about is that its hella crowed after 11pm. Its kind of ridiculous and it makes me wanna punch someone in the faceI used to die for their orange sauce.  It's pretty good.  Their burritos are okay without the sauce.  I tried everything else and found their quesadillas and tacos to be good too.  I go here sometimes in between classes or just when I'm craving the orange sauce.  If you want reallly good burritos, I recommend going to San Diego instead.  It's just 8 hours away if you drive.......a lot longer if you walk, but really short if you fly.Walk through the crowd and up the stairs, through the door, and you're already at the end of the line. Worth the wait, though. Lively people cooking and eating. Drunk or sober, that orange sauce is good on Everything xD.. I wonder how many bottles of it went missing since they started making it?....i love Mexican food, and i am pretty picky.  i like enchiladas and burritos the best.  here at la Vic's the burritos are AMAZING! the enchiladas.... not so much.they're are also most famous for the orange sauce, which my friends and i call crack sauce because its so addicting.  the help is nice, the service is good, the price is reasonable, and the hours are awesome.  they stay open late for hungry students, and drunks trying to sober up.Yummy yummy yummy!I didn't even go to SJSU, and I went to this place often coming from Fremont.  That sauce is as good as it gets.  The best part is it's open late as hell.  I have no idea why Iguanas is rated higher since they have nothing on this place.Best everSuck restaurant ever...Horrible experienced at this restaurant and 1000% sure never plan to come back this place again ever never, ain't truly recommend to anyone about this place, you might have a good experiencing once you go there, good luck, sorrie Wujis, suckTerrile place cashier scams you on your change. bad Business practice. BE ALERT AND COUNT CHANGE KEEP RECEIPTS. very rude when confronted. Who keeps you in business  ?Not a great fan of La Vic. I eat here only when I run out of choices. Decent food though.These burritos are incredible!!orange sauce! = wow!  rumored to be some sort of salsa mixed with mayo?whatever it is, it's tasty! food is good, too.I too think they put crack in the red sauce.  This place is fabulous if you find yourself in downtown San Jose at 2am with a lot of booze in your belly and the ability to stand in line.  The food itself isn't that delicious, although the portions are huge, but the sauce makes it so good, you eat everything and become instantly sober from the pound of food that is also now in your belly.Orange sauce, huge burritoes, hearty portions of meat and cheese on their super nachoes, and great atmosphere for a college student. Parking is no fun during the day but there is free parking after 6pm in the 3rd street San Carlos garage. This place does get packed and the line stretches out the door. A friend of mine once said, he eats this everyday especially their burritoes. He goes to SJSU and it fills him up easily while tackling finals, classes, and crazy teachers. Always a treat to eat here and one day, Imma swipe a bottle of that orange sauce haha...haha i like this place. It's cheap and super yummy :] the style of how the restraunt looks like is real nice.Great place to get a quick bite to eat in between classes.  Good prices, bomb sauces and good meats!All my friends love this burrito place but I still find La Costa down on Monterey Rd better. It's just the sauce that makes everything really good. I mean, if you eat the burrito plain its like many other places, sometimes even bland. Try the nachos though, I thought those were good. Well, I would eat here from time to time but It's not a favorite or anything.I LOVE going here for the burritos. The orange sauce on it is amazing!You can't go wrong with the orange sauce and big burritos. :pI like getting the chicken burrito here. To be completely honest, the burritos aren't the best in the world. But if you take into account the orange sauce... :] That's a different story. It's usually crowded in there; I like going there for late-night. They usually try to kick you out after you finish your food. I'd buy the sauce by the bottle, but it's $6 each. :'( Good though! The burritos aren't very expensive. :oI do not get why everyone raves about this place.   Their tacos and burritos do not compare to other places.  The orange sauce is overrated.  Plus, it was just weird that I did not even finish my burrito and the cashier took the bottle back.  Did she think I was gonna steal it?  (This has actually happened twice.)came here late on a friday night to stuff my face with burrito.the armed guard amused me, as did the hordes of drunkies.my carnitas burrito was solid. the flour tortilla was velvety smooth. i wasn't aware of the orange sauce, but i'll have to try it next time.carne asade super flour quesadilla with orange sauce drizzled everywhere.. delicious! also super filling; food coma is bound to hit you afterwards.my friends and i always come here after a day at the beach, or late at night, or whenever. quesadillas are always good; i haven't tried anything else though. however service + security can get a little uptight and rude.they're also kinda stingy; if you get a to-go order they only give you 1 (sometimes 2) little sauce cups of orange sauce. that's barely enough for a quarter of a quesadilla. and refills on drinks are $0.75La Greasy!  Eek man, the only thing I ever get here is the quesadillia.  Everything else is just way too greasy and I won't let my arteries suffer from it.  Yeah, the orange sauce is good, but that's because it's made from chorizo fat!  Surprise...more grease!!at first, i didn't think much of the orange sauce, i didn't think it tasted like anything at all. but i gave la vics another chance and this time i ordered something different. a carnitas burrito with orange sauce = divine! as a matter of fact, i'm craving one RIGHT NOW! can someone drive one up to sf for me? pwease? did i mention that i came back to my hotel room, in a drunken muchies rage and finished off my leftovers and also the bf's and then for some reason, i downed one of the sauce containers. YUMMO! FA status for real.Seriously, this place is way over hyped. The burritos are big but nothing special.I usually get the enchiladas but they're pretty pricey for what you're getting. The only thing that makes this place stand out is the orange sauce, hands down. It's delish! But seriously, buy a bottle for $10 and get a burrito someplace else and enjoy it in the comfort of your own home.If I gotta put something on the burrito to make it taste good then its just A-OK. The orange sauce is prob the reason for people going here instead of other places. They are also pretty cheap. But I found the super burrito I had to be a bit on the bland side without the sauce.Tasty quesadillas and the orange sauce is good with a nice kick.  I'll be a bit generous here b/c I can hardly get past how horribly unhealthy the food here is XDFirst time in a long time at La Vic's. Orange Sauce is still makes everything taste excellent.  Food is not the best but is head and shoulders above their imitators around the corner.THUMBS UP FOR FOOD, THUMBS DOWN FOR SEATING. If you go on a busy NIGHT you'll be lucky enough to share a chair with a friend. Everything is yummy and I give them an A for accepting debit cards, of course with a min purchase of I believe 7 or 8 bucks. But you're gunna pay it because their food isn't cheap nor pricey! SJSU check this place out. And if you're an out of area student attending SJSU you must try this place once!My fave place to go downtown on a late night for some comfort food!! Chicken quesadilla (on flour) is my #1... along with nacho supreme (my #2). The burritos are really good as well, filling, with fresh ingredients. Prices are reasonable, and last but not least you MUST EAT EVERYTHING WITH THE ORANGE SAUCE!!! Two thumbs up!breakfast burritos were slightly below average. chorizo was a little different than i have had previous. bacon breakfast burrito was pretty bland. savior was the orange sauce. holy shit they should bottle it and sell it online.What can I say, La Vic is a landmark in SJ for Mexican food. I prefer their burritos as their tacos have beans and aren't really taqueria style. Their burritos are huge though and definitely will fill you up at a reasonable price. Of course, the orange sauce is delicious and you gotta put some on every bite. Mmm :Porange sauce! mmm. love love love it. it's good on everything too! i'll admit, i've forked out the cash several times to buy a bottle. don't try to be a gangsta and attempt to steal it. they WILL catch you!the food is just okay. a few times i've ordered food that had dry meat in it.the burritos sometimes have more beans than meat. lame. the chicken quesadilla is a good go-to dish. hasn't failed me yet!this place is cheap and the portions are good for the price. not a lot of seating, especially during the nighttime because of drunk people coming from the club .. so beware! bathroom is dirty, so either hold it or go somewhere else.I'm writing a review for La Vics now mainly because I'm super craving it now...and it never gets old...no matter how many times I order it.  I always get the carnitas burrito...the super burrito...BEST EVER as everyone already knows.  Once I even finished the whole thing...in a single setting...mm it's that goodThis place is always on point with their food and sauce. Sometimes the food can be a little oily but it tastes awesome. Most of the time when I go to La Vict's I always have to battle long lines and the workers usually get my food ready in about 10-15 minutes but when you're walking out late on a friday night and looking for a place to feed your hunger, then this place is the place to be.What else can I say except the ORANGE SAUCE ROCKS! I've been coming here for years for their breakfast burritos and orange sauce and have never been disappointed (it could be because we're usually either intoxicated or hungover when coming here but we love it!). I highly recommend La Victoria - it's a staple in cheap, delicious Mexican food at any hour.The wait was RIDICULOUS.  My friend and I waited... at least 20 minutes for just a chicken quesadilla.  It was one of the better quesadillas I've had, but I don't think the wait is worth it.  Also, it was a little too spicy for my liking (I can't really handle much spicy foods).  And what is this hype about the orange sauce? I didn't think it was that big of a deal?I think this place is only good after late night munch when nothing else is open. I don't get all the hyped about this place. I tried it a couple of time and find their food to be less than decent. As for their orange sauce, I think it is only okay. I had better some place else.It's true, the orange sauce is good, but the food is pretty standard. Ordered a carne asada burrito and the boyfriend got the carnitas quesadilla with a spinach tortilla. I would like to try the chile rellenos next time... with orange sauce, of course. A def upside to this place is that they aren't stingy with all the salsas and sauces... we asked for extra and they politely obliged.This place always satisfies my taqueria food cravings. Like most people, I love coming here for their orange sauce. I ALWAYS order the super questadilla wtih steak. They just put carne asada fries on their menu (it's called nacho fries for them), it looked good and I wanted to order it but I just couldn't leave my beloved questadilla. Next time La Vic's ... next time :)Not my favorite, I'm an Iguana's girl, but everyone is obsessed with their orange sauce. I don't like condiments in general, so if you are a martian and have not had their orange sauce, I heard it's all the rave, so you have to try it. My birthday this night was not all that, the whole beans were sort of stale, if that's even possible, but they tasted sort of old. I mean after we ordered it did get super busy so maybe I did get an old batch and they made new ones? I do go back and forth from here to Igauna's so they have more chanced to redeem themselves.Unfortunately, a lot of my Mexican food ventures excite me. The reviews are so often overhyped. To be short (because there isn't much to be said about this place), my burrito was completely ordinary. They aren't even generous with their ingredients; at one point I was just eating tasteless beans and dry tortilla. Taste-wise, not that special. The orange sauce? Not that great either. It's basically a mildly spicy mayonnaise concoction marketed with a flashy color. The hype killed this place for me. Expect the ordinary.Food here was alright. I'm not a huge fan of Mexican food so it has to be really good for me to love it. I was told to use a lot of the orange sauce since that's what La Vic's is known for. Unfortunately, it was too spicy for me :( Darn my weakness. Since I didn't use much of it, the food wasn't extraordinary. Oh well, at least it was cheap! It's probably good drunk food too since the place is open late.Its a good place thats near SJSU and 100x bettter than iguana's around the corner, but this location is starting to sink. The food wuality has gone down and their beloved orange sauce, which used to be soooo good, taste different. I hope they didnt change their recipe. I would much rather eat at their other locations on Santa Clara or the one in Almaden.My favorite Mexican restaurant. You can't go wrong ordering anything on the menu, but I personally recommend the carnitas quesadilla with orange sauce of course. I never leave San Jose without hitting up this place.It's been years since I've actually dined in here. The Taqueria is decent, and made for to go orders. I ordered myself a super taco which was delish. Kind of funny because I wanted a snack before a huge dinner later that night. Yep, I was fully satisfied. Don't forget to try the orange sauce! That is what they are known for!Good burritos. I like the breakfast burritos the best. Good early morning stop when you need food to fuel up for the day.  If you are not hungry for an entire burrito just order a quesadilla.  They are tasty and filling too. Nom nom!Not sure what the hype is about this place, but their quality of food is horrible. Everytime I eat their carne asada I have to get spit out a good portion of it because it's just fat instead of edible meat. The orange sauce grosses me out. However, open late and easy location.The burritos are good and the sauce is unique.Great authentic Mexican food!mmmmm comfort food hahaanything is good with the orange sauce!Oh man, I can't believe I didn't review this place yet! This was the ultimate go-to dinner run when I was working late nights on the Spartan Daily at SJSU! To be perfectly honest, I've got taquerias I like better, but there's just something about this place. Maybe it's that orange sauce. Or the wide variety of patrons you see here. It's definitely fun times. Don't expect anything fancy though. We still try to stop by here from time to time even though we don't get to San Jo much.5 Stars to their Orange Sauce. Not sure what is in it but all I know is that makes this place what it is. Without it I think the food would be avg.I love La Vic's....  It's all about the crack sauce!!!  The crack sauce makes everything good.  I think I could just drink it by itself.  I like their stale nachos with nacho cheese and their shredded chicken... it's really really good.  Also their Super Quesadilla with chicken.  If you come for breakfast, you should get the breakfast burrito with chorizo, eggs, potatoes, cheese, and have them add bacon.  That'll cure any hangover.  Don't forget the crack sauce!!Sundip D.'s review on La Vic's is dead on. This place would not receive half the attention it gets now if it weren't for their orange sauce. I ordered their chicken tacos and agree it was too gamey-- made me want to become vegetarian. The chips are also stale. Prices are cheap, but I probably wouldn't return again unless I was reincarnated as an SJSU student.4 Stars for 1 reason.....ORANGE SAUCE! :) It makes everything taste yummy...the burritos, nachos, tacos, etc.....The orange sauce is the most delicious sauce I've ever had, BAR NONE!  My favorite dish is to get a cheese quesadilla and smother it with the sauce.  : )theyre orange sauce is amazingly good. and as most of the people think, its true- without the orange sauce, their burritos are not as good, but at least everything in their burritos taste fresh. so thats a plus from me. and of course with the orange sauce, its YUMMY... and, its open late. not many non-fast food places around downtown stay open late to cater to your 12-2AM cravings or suffice for yours and your friend's drunk asses.also as another yelper mentioned, that orange sauce IS good on just about everything else. my roomate was able to get a hold of a bottle of it once and brought it home (since he ordered a large amount of burritos for a group.. we didnt steal it! haha). and for about a week and a half, we were putting it on almost everything else we ate.. yUMMmm...I still dream about the chorizo breakfast burrito doused in orange sauce.  It's been 4 years since I lived in San Jose, but I still haven't found a better cure for a mean hangover.  I really haven't found anything better for late night drunk food in Boston either.Mmmmmmmmh....orange sauce. :)Thanks for staying open until 2am on a Sunday so I could get my taco fix after a late concert. Super tacos rock!. Enough said.2 Words 1 Place LaVic Sauce!  It has a kick so watch out! The absoulte best after partying.. Their pretty fast, so dont let the line get you down. ITS WORTH IT!The hot sause is really good here. Take some home and use it as a salad dressing if you dare.great food and it's cheap. I love the sauce!!!!! The sauce just tops everything off.I love the orange sauce.  I could buy it by the bucket, if only they didn't charge $6 bucks for a regular sized container.  I'd give it 4 stars, only if the food is wasn't so so, nothing real special.  Portions are alright, nachos are huge though.  You have to eat it all within 30 mins otherwise they get soggy.i think this is the better location compared to the one on Santa Clara St. because its open later, which is sometimes bad since it means long lines at night. Also, the sauce here is usually better and spicier. I like getting the carne asada burrito with the orange sauce is the best. In the morning I either get the chorizo or the bacon breakfast burrito. I sometimes buy the orange sauce since its good on practically everything: eggs, steak, chicken, you name it!ORANGE SAUCE AND HORCHATA!!! oh yeah the super burritos and super tacos are pretty good.BREAKFAST BURRITOS!! I love my bacon breakfast burrito. So awesome. One of my co-workers gets one everyweekend, and I can't go on mine with out one! LoL And of course, three lil buckets of that orange sause. So hot. Yummay!Orange Sauce is deliciously awesome! The carnitas here are really good and crispy. I added multiple squeezes of orange sauce when eating my burrito. Yum. Big fan of adding extra onion and cilantro in my burritos and this place piles it. Cheap prices too. La Victoria Taqueria is just one more good taqueria in the Bay Area.the 5 stars is for the sauce alone.  enough said.  the food is ok, but when you add the sauce, suddenly it's a fiesta in your mouth, and your tongue is the pinata!!  ai ai ai chihuahua!!!!  i believe the main ingredient for the sauce is crack, because when i used to live around the corner from here i ate here at least 2-3 times a week.  i always get 1 corn quesadilla and 1 flour quesadilla.  someone toss my food a life saver, cuz they're drowning in orange sauce!  there must be sauce w every bite!the horchata at this location is usually chalky, but is much better at santa clara st.  i've also had the flautas, which are aite turned phenomenal w the sauce.  the chile rellenos are actually quite delicioso on their own.  add some sauce, and you're floatin outta your shoes.Orange sauce.  It's good, but not good enough to justify the rave reviews it gets.  It seems like the food here is far from authentic, good enough, but not super stellar.  I had a chicken quesadilla, which was an absolute mess by the time I was about 3 bites in.  the meat is super watery, so grab about 500 napkins before you sit down and you'll be fine.  2 stars for food, one star for smothering said food in orange sauce while trying to eat neatly in front of my cute dining partner.Everything you've heard about the orange sauce is right!! It's sooo good. I ordered an al pastor burrito and it was delicious! The meat was perfect but I do wish it had more cheese and sour cream. I'll definitely return on my next visit to San Jose.Okay my review may not have been based off of a recent meal from here...But i have ate at this particular establishment plenty of times to know enough to write a review.  I went to San Jose State for 1 year and was ADDICTED to my traditional carne asada burrito but mostly the carne asada quesadillas with plenty little things of orange sauce and when i moved I would buy bottles of the orange sauce to last me for a little bit. Times are tough as far as obtaining my orange sauce now since i live in AZ now. Now that i live out here all i can think about is their yummy carne asada quesadillas to go by the way they are like rolled up so you can eat them on the go.(i would do this on my lunch breaks almost every day) I was in love with California burritos from Anaheim and when i tried it years later after moving to AZ it didn't taste as amazing as i had remembered so who ever thinks that so cal's mexican food tastes so much better honestly i fail to concur with that statement you just need to know what to order and where to order things from. I could name a list of places on two hands that have stellar mexican food. La vics is the reason i can endure spicier foods now and i miss them dearly they need to spread nation wide ASAP!Just like their other location, the food is tops and the OS is amazing, only thing that could get better is the interior.the only reason I give la vic's 2 stars is because the orange sauce is delicious. everything else sucks at this location. the one in the south side is WAY BETTER!!!!Chicken Nachos were ok.  The chicken tasted good but there was more cheese sauce than anything.The food's okay, but the orange sauce is outstanding!! That alone brings it from average (3 stars) to 4.I like this place before midnight.  I love the quesadilla - carne asada.  If I am drunk, yes, La Vic's sounds good, but I always suffer the next day.  La Vic's is favored by most, I just don't like the 1am rush after the clubs and at that time the quality of the food gets a little sketchy sometimes....(way too greasy).I went here because of the rave reviews of the orange sauce.  The sauce was tasty and creative, but unfortunately the rest of the burrito's contents aren't terribly inspired - for instance the meat didn't seem to be taken care of too terribly well.  This is a place to get a quick burrito if you're on campus.It's the orange sauce that makes the food; without it the food is not that great. I usually get the torta with carne asada.Depending on my class schedule, I would stop by occasionally to get myself a breakfast burrito. I personally think the food here is much better than their second location on Santa Clara. In my opinion, La Vic's is overrated.The best taqueria in San Jose....Super Taqueria and La Vic's are my favorite.  Although the lines can be very long after you leave the near by clubs/bars, it is well worth it once you dig in.  I only get the carne asada quesadillas, so my review is only based on that. Plus you can't forget about the orange sauce that I can put on any type of meat to give it that extra kick!!I'm not so impressed with the famous "orange sauce." It's basically some garlic aioli and some chili paste. In any case, it's certainly not good enough to save an average burrito.$4 for a flour quesadilla cannot be beat! Be prepared to wait a long time in line and for your food, but the orange sauce makes it allll worth it!I started going here during my freshman year and instantly became hooked. Nothing comes close to the overall delight I get from eating a carnitas super burrito with orange sauce. Now don't get me wrong, I am fully aware the only reason its good is because of the sauce but is that such a sin? I mean the only reason I go to China Chili is for the oil dumplings and I go to Cheesecake Factory for the avocado rolls. The best thing about this "guilty pleasure" is that I could get it almost anytime I desire (i.e. 7am-3am). Everyone should try it at least once, you just might get hooked.The regular chicken burrito taste like the average chicken burrito found in most taquerias I have been to in the South Bay.   However, the reason I continue to revisit La Vic's is because of the ever so versatile orange sauce that everyone had been raving about.  From pizza to rice, salad to turkey deli, it's kept me happy.Crowded, stuffy. Especially on weekends.  Average burritos. Mine fell apart due to the abundance of wet ingredients. Soupy pico de gallo and carnitas or something? Regardless, that orange sauce is money. I would love to buy a bottle of it and use it on other things. One of my friends said it hit the spot when he went there drunk. Then he ate there while sober and realized it sucked and he couldn't even finish his meal.this place has knocked me out and made me sick twice already.  as in bed-ridden can't go to class or work sick.why do i still go?  i guess because it's a happening hot spot at 2 in the morning.  but that's pretty lame in itself.  at 2 in the morning, you get every hood rat and his hoochie girlfight-starting girlfriend up in there and it's laaaaame.  i've witnessed 8 fights, and my friend was present at a shooting at the jack in the box next door.as for the food?  ummm... shoddy.  their only saving grace is their orange sauce, which i'm told is some combination of mayonnaise and hot sauce (dairy free for all you lactose intolerant peeps).  don't eat it if it's too dark or started to break.  it means it's been sitting out for hours upon hours.i gave it 2 stars for the convenient hours and their orange sauce.  but i'd suggest instead to buy a bottle of orange sauce ($6) and go home and knock that sucker on some microwaved frozen burritos.  it'll be cheaper, safer, and more delicious than the crap you'll get here.Great Orange Sauce!!! The food is just ordinary without the orange sauce.  They charge extra for credit cards less than 6 bucks - cheap!!!!!!!!!!!. They charge 60cents for refill - cheap!!!!!!. The only good thing here is the Orange Sauce. 5 stars is only for the sauce and for nothing else.the food here sucks. the only thing that makesit edible is the damn orange sauce. for reals.if i ever find myself here on a drunken nightout with the bf & friends is only because everyone else wanted to eat it. & if i do eat therewith them i make sure i drown my food inthe orange sauce cause i wouldnt be ableto eat it & somewhat like it if i didnt. the end.Honestly I think this place is overrated. the so called special "orange sauce" is nothing more than your everyday chipotle mayo. I'm not bashing on them i'm just saying that you can get a better burrito some where else that offers the same sauce.Pretty busy at any time of the day. Not sure what the how raze craze is about their "orange sauce" cause it's alright. The food is alright, and I guess they are as fast as they can be.Mans way to over rated for me! It's dimly lit inside and the walls are orange, I think managements gone too far with the hype over their orange sauce. But when I went there a couple weeks ago with a group of friends and it was full...so I stood hoovering a table of kids just chatting hoping they would leave. they did. Sat splattered the sauce all over (that's what she said haha) and ate the nachos. They weren't amazing, I didn't have an AWHmazing moment infact without the orange sauce they'd be boring and plain.Over rated the only thing that gets people here is the sauce the food its self is mediocre.For my money, if I'm down in this area I'd rather go to Iguana's. But this place is a close second. I've only had the Carne Asada ( which was only alright ), and the Chile Verde ( which has been solid everythime ) burritos. As mentioned by just about everybody else on this site, this place is all about the Orange Sauce. They even sell it by the bottle, although it doesn't keep very well at home.Orange sauce makes allll the difference, I need a bottle for the fridge! Burritos & Tacos are the best, breakfast burrito with chorizo was kinda dry. Quesadillas are on the way greasy side. Parking is a pain, do NOT park at Jack in the Box you WILL be towed, no doubt. New location off of Almaden is closer to home & less crowded so I'd recommend it above the other 2. Viva La Orange Sauce!The orange sauce is the hit here. I think the sauce makes this place famous, but other than that seems like an average place for Mexican food. I like the chicken tacos with orange sauce. But like I said, the orange sauce seasons everything to taste delicious, but without the sauce the food is kind of plain.I agree with everyone else...get a bottle of the orange sauce and go have yourself sum fun.Ate here this Saturday for the first time and was happy with the food. I had a veggie burrito which was very filling and tasted good. Veggie burrito basically means no meat, so don't expect extra veggies in it above the pico & lettuce. I liked the orange sauce, but it was not really spicy. Not sure if it's supposed to be, but I was expecting more kick and flavor. I did enjoy the burrito though, and tasted the carne asada from my hubby's burrito which was pretty flavorful. I didn't "super" size my burrito and it was still more than enough to satisfy my hunger. There was nothing bad about this place, but I don't think it's OVERLY impressive either that it deserves more stars. This is only after one experience there, so still need to go back and try more dishes...A friend of mine talked me into going to this place. It is a decent place few steps away from SJSU. We parked at the parking lot of neighboring Tequria and walked over. This place is busy. We were able to score a table which I understand is unusual as this place is packed with students all the time. This place is clean and food is average. In my opinion besides the Sauce it doesn't have anything working for it. I will never go out of my way for this place. Didn't see any fish or veg burrito. I had the bean burrito and downed it with the orange sauce, SAVIOREpic place!It was 1am on Saturday night and I was super starving. All I was thinking was fast food and I would possibly eat anything. My friend then took me to this place. I was soooo confused when I get there.First of all, the place is located in a small Victorian house next to my school and I don't even know this place exists. Secondly, there was a crazy long line to get into the cashier. Lastly, there was a tough security dude standing in front of the entrance. I felt like I was at a crazy college house party or something. The wait wasn't so bad and it moves very quickly. I ordered Super Burrito Al Pastor and while I was waiting for my friends to put down their orders, I've noticed there was another security standing next to the cashier (or maybe he's the same guy and he moves like a ninja?!). The security gave a dirty look as if he was saying "hurry up, make up your mind, there's line behind you!" I barely be able to move and of course there was no empty seats as well. "The food is better be good" I'm starving and intimidating by the crowd....Then they called my number and we finally sat outside at the porch. The burrito is huge and heavy and it's sooooooooo good! The orange sauce is just way awesome: creamy, sour, hot, and sweet blend together to strengthen the burrito flavor!. You will definitely need lots of napkins to eat this though!I finished the whole burrito and it definitely made my night :)I might be just extremely hungry that night and couldn't tell if the food is really good or not, but I will definitely come back soon and perhaps revise my rating...i love love love their carne asada super flour quesadilla. the burritos are alright but i prefer the quesadilla because its crispy and im not gonna lie...also because its more oily and delicious. just like everyone else i like to drench my quesadilla in orange sauce, which makes eating a very messy affair but dude, totally worth it. prices are pretty good too.really like this place but not gonna give it 5 because i think there isnt enough seating in there and plus I haven't tried iguanas which according to all the hype, is a lot better.I love this place. I always have the chicken burrito with avocado and a horchata. I have never had a better tasting burrito than I have from here. It's always fresh and oh so mouth watering. They also have very fast service. The down side to this place is the location. They have no parking. So I always have to park in the Jack in a Box parking lot, go into Jack's and buy something small, then go to La Vic's so I don't have my car towed. But either way I always come back for more!I definitely come here for the orange sauce. It's sooo yummy! I usually get a flour quesadilla. Very fulfilling!it's good here.. food is decent.  the thing about this place is their sauce... the sauce of all sauce.  the sauce that patrons always stole before they started selling it..i'm only familiar with the burritos, quesadillas, and tacos.. always carne asada and i've never had anything to complain about. the joint looks like the downstairs of a home.. it's been awhile, but from what i remember it's not so big and tables are scarce.  it's a pretty popular place so it's probably best to take it to go.No their sauce does not make this place the best Mexican restaurant around. But it does not mean the sauce isn't freakin delicious! Their burritos are pretty darn good. I wouldn't recommend getting a quesadilla, because it seems to be reallly greasy, like to the point where grease is dripping out. But this place is a quick, decently priced place for some yummy Mexican food, especially after a late night at a bar/club.I can't believe how good this place is until my Fiancee took me here. The food is good, but when you put the special sauce... its the best!La Vics was the go-to happening spot throughout high school, I even wrote an article in the school newspaper about La Vics. As the years pass, it has stayed consistently average. The only reason I have been going for so many years is for the orange sauce. It has been said so many times before but I will repeat it, the orange sauce is yummy! The only thing I recommend eating here is the veggie burrito with lots of lemon and both the orange and salsa verde. That is a burrito I can settle for every once in a while.I don't understand what happen to this place.  Quesadilla is good but supper greasy.  The meat in my burritos and quesadilla was really really not good.  It was dry and overcook.  I got the carnitas and the pastor both were way too dry and a bit too salty.  The only saving part of the meal was their orange sauce.  Without their orange sauce I wouldn't have been able to eat my food at all.  Anyways their orange sauce is good, will probably just buy it and eat somewhere else.In a land full of Taquerias I can say that La Victoria is truly the last word in fast mexican food. I love the hours and of course and most importantly the FOOD! Everyone knows about the orange sauce but even without the sauce the food is excellent! Sometimes I have left overs from the night before that I eat straight out of the fridge the next day and it still tastes good! :) I love this place with a passion and after them I can't eat anywhere else because to me everywhere else is flavorless!Always come here and get the steak quesadilla so I highly recommend. Love how gooey the cheese taste and look when I devour it, especially with orange sauce drizzled all over it! Tried the burrito before, wasn't all that great in my opinion even after I poured a bunch of orange sauce on it.  The nacho cheese fries with carne asada wasn't as good either, just a bunch of beans, meat, and cheese.  I guess I was expecting it more to be like carne asada fries loaded with sour cream, pico de gallo and guac at the other mexican joints.  But love their orange sauce, can't ever get enough of it!Food here has made me sick several times. Their orange sauce is overhyped. Don't understand why people would wanna eat a crappy burrito drenched in that sauce.Their burritos are good and huge - enough to split for two people. And they make it exactly how I like it (I'm veeery particular with mexican food). And their orange sause is simply amazing! I even buy it in a bottle to take home, first time I ate an entire bottle with a spoon in one day :)The best Veggie Quesadillas with awesome hot orange sauce!i remember this place opened up when it was like my first time working in downtown sj, i was only 19 years old and working at the wherehouse which was located right across the street from it, and i gotta say it was def a better option than alot of places, there veggie tacos are some of the best!! and def the orange sauce which i remember was originated from here!!!!!!!!! quesadillas and nachos are great too!!!!!!so i only come here after a long night of excessive drinking, this is the spot to be at! its open late and everyone comes here! their burritos and tostadas are pretty good and they even have ice cold bottled water!! that's every dehydrated drunk person's favorite drink that's non alcoholic. anyways, the spot is conveniently located near all the clubs and bars, so walking/driving isnt a hassle. also, their orange sauce is great on everything.Sometimes I just cover myself in orange sauce while I'm listening to hiphop. I don't know why I do it but I can't stop.Without the orange sauce, their food is average at best. But, with it, their super burrito can be really good. I have to have at least three packs of their sauce to go along with any of the food from the menu.I really wanted to like this place after hearing about it so much but I found the food to be just okay, I don't think I would go again unless someone else wanted to go there first. It was bad by any means just for what you are paying it should be better.MMM.. orange sauce. It's quite addicting. I always get the super burrito with chicken. It's the best!! There's always a line and you kind of have to be aggressive to get yourself a seat, but we always go back for more. I try not to go more than once a month though, because I don't think it's too good for your health. :P Oh yeah, I recommend eating there while your order is hot and fresh.. it's not nearly as good when you wait til its lukewarm to eat it. (and don't even think about microwaving that burrito!)the orange sauce is like culinary crack..enough said.p.s. don't get their regular nachos to go...they put the melted cheese whiz sauce right over the chips and they're all sogged up by the time you get home.this is a good local eatery. i love their corn quesadillas here. it's actually better than the other location on santa clara street. even though their corn quesadillas are better, their horchata doesn't compare to the other location.the orange sauce is pretty good, but over the years, i realized that it changed a bit. the taste is a bit different. i guess, spicier and something else? other than that, it supposedly makes the food better, but the corn quesadilla with carne asada and the regular burrito with al pastor doesn't need it. the torta tastes wonderful with the sauce though.parking sucks. credit cards/atm are accepted with orders $6+. pretty noisy since it's a small place that is busy with people during lunch and at night.VERY greasy, but the quesadillas are amazing. Tortillas are just right, slightly chewy and a tad burned/crispy, good flavor. Carnitas with the hot sauce - so good. It's always very full inside, especially late at night. Hard to find seating sometimes.It is cheap,  good,  and you have to love the orange sauce!I could eat the whole entire La Vic's menu as long as I had the sauce to go with it!! Delicious, fast, and affordable taqueria food with a great orange sauce!!Great for authentic burritos, but I always feel like something is missing from each order. They often leave out the small things like the sour cream even after you get the Super Burrito. But after a late night La Vics is just goodDefinitely a huge fan of their carne asada super burrito, with the orange sauce obviously. I only gave four stars because I've never tried anything else-- I just can't break away from the burrito! However, friends who have taken the risk away from the super burrito say that it wasn't a good choice (I believe they ordered quesadillas and nachos). I agree with other Yelpers-- without the sauce the food's probably average.Food here has always been good and the prices are reasonable.  I prefer the burritos here over iguanas and i still think the iguanas burritos are pretty good.  But when u add the orange sauce it's game over, u can literally put orange sauce on just about anything and it's going to taste better,  try it on pizza, sandwiches......if u come at night after the bars/clubs, plan to wait awhile.The best thing about this place is the orange sauce.  Other than that it's just some greasy Mexican food that you wait way too long for and pay too much for.  It's not all its hyped up to be.  I have had better tacos at the liquor store on the corner of vine/alma/almaden.  EL Rancho?the original location whose kitchen got burnt down! yet it still looks the same after with no real desire to improve the interior. oh well! that's a taqueria for you, keeping it authentic!this place is just standard mexican fare. it's the orange sauce that kinda makes this place stand out more than others. but in reality with it, this place is average.i do love their agua frescas though. i LOVE the watermelon flavor. it's so fresh & light. this place also opens very early & very late, so any of you hungry people out there who like to eat at odd hours, this place is likely to be open!however, why don't they give SJSU discounts? i know this place is cheap already, but hey... doesn't hurt!3-star burritos that get a 1-star bonus for being available after a late night of hyphyness in downtown SJ.  Place gets real crowded when the clubs get out so if you see your night's not going anywhere, skip the parking lot pimpin' and run to La Victoria to get in line.   Be sure to use that highly addictive, (possibly crack-laced) orange sauce to add some flavor to your burrito.  Stuff is real good.I LOVE LA VICS! Ever since my ex boyfriend introduced me to the hot sauce here, i fell in love with it. even better its open til around 3 or 2am. I'm like a vampire, im out almost all the time until at least 1 or 2 and if im really hungry or just craving la vics ill head over here and get myself a burrito. but you have to eat it with the hot sauce (orange sauce). its absolutely to dieeeee for!People flock to this place after clubbin like moths to a flame. My faves are their super quesadilla, super burrito, and super tacos, all with carne asada. Of course, I won't order all 3 of these at once, because that would be crazy. If you want to claim a table, better head here before 1am. Afterward, be prepared to either stand around and wait for one or take your order to go. And please, if you know what's good for you, don't forget "the sauce"! You won't find that stuff anywhere else but here.3 stars for "so-so" service, alright food, but bomb diggity sauce!  This is a great place to eat while pulling off an all nighter, late night snack after the club, or if your craving some decent Mexican Food.  But beware, a few of my friends have gotten sick from their food and we once found a plastic wrap in one of our burritos.i think the food is okay, but the best thing about this place is the sauce.  JUST THE SAUCE.  i swear i've been there so many times and at least half of the time they get my order wrong.  It's not like i'm asking for specifics.  The only thing that i've asked for is a carne asada quesadilla with only meat and cheese. and even something sooo simple, they can't get it.  I think there was one time i waited 30 min cause i had to go back 3 different times...not happy.late hours+ fast food + awesome burritos and quesadillas, + ORANGE SAUCE = 4 starsla victoria's has fantastic burritos and quesadillas that my brother and i love to chow down on. my favorite? carne asada quesadilla. regular dish and a yeah whatever, i know... but pour on some of that orange sauce and its over. heaven with every bite. actually orange sauce on anything la vics or not is just overall heaven and yes if you catch me back home with my friends there, we will be the bunch of asian folks fighting over a bottle of orange sauce or silently stalking the other customers until they leave to snatch their left over bottles. honestly... when you think la victorias its all about the sauce. food's pretty good, prices are decent but the sauce is where its really at. its what everyone in san jose goes for. i can't even begin to describe how good this sauce is except to tell you that recently one of my friends flew home to san jose from san diego (thats where i live now) and we asked.... no made him buy us 2 bottles of orange sauce in exchange for picking him up at the airport. thankfully he was a smart boy and opt out of having to take a taxi home. there was a time after being suckered into watching Hostel in theaters I couldn't eat or think about la vic's orange sauce anymore due to a scene in the movie but hey... luckily i grew out of it.in conclusion:go to la vics order some food, maybe some horchata BUT DON'T FORGET THE ORANGE SAUCE.ORANGEEEEEEEEEEE SAUCEEEEEEEEEEEEThis place is the best place to go eat during like midnight. Thanks to SJSU people for introducing me to this place. LOVE IT.Totally worth the stomache that is destined to follow after eating here. I buy the bottles of orange sauce and put it on all my food. No really. Pasta, sandwiches, pizza the sauce makes any meal that much better. I really like the burritos too but I get vegetarian so I don't know about all those complaints about dryness. I love it!Parking and seating is a joke. I don't see the big deal about La Vic's, ooo the orange sauce... big deal... i had super nachos with el pastor...my meat was salty... i was using the stupid orange sauce to cut the saltiness of the meat... sad story...I'm a fan of their orange sauce. I have yet to try the burritos, only tried the tacos (which were small and huge lol). It's pretty affordable. You have the pay for refills on drinks (60 cents).this is for both locations.. i always get their super tacos and you cant ever pass up their orange sauce ,man!! these are the two things that keep me coming back here. and maybe even cause they close late, but yeah. I just dont like the small places, its get crammed and its hard to find a seat at the la vics next to sjsu. 4 stars for that damn sauce. ahahThis place is only good for the orange sauce.  Only go here if you are extremely hungry and there's nothing else open in downtown San Jose besides fast food.  The meat is dry and the place is too crowded.  I prefer a taco truck over this place any day...good food.burrito...averageenchalada...ehhsuper taco...amazing, beans, melted cheese, gualamolesuper quesedilla...pretty damn amazing as well.  greasy as hell.super nachos...the best...meat, nacho sauce, guacamole, etcenchalada's and burrito are pretty average...nothing to gawk about.  i rarely get these here anymore.the orange sauce makes almost everything taste better, you gotta love it.  if i want a good burrito i usually go elsewhere, but if i am craving a super burrito, or super nacho's this is the only place that can do it.  they are the best here hands down.My co-worker was recommending this place so I thought I'd give a try.  I came here the other day for lunch and it wasn't all that, let's just say that I've had better food at other taqueria's than this one.  The only exception would be their orange sauce that gives their burritos or tacos a kick to the taste.Seriously La Vics is overrated. I mean, yes the orange sauce is GOOD... I slather that thing over EVERYTHING. But other than that the food is just ok. I would much rather go to Iguanas a couple buildings down for better food. The food is greasy... I mean VERY greasy. I ordered a couple tacos one night and there was grease all over the foil. Gross! Haven't been back since.I have no idea what's in the sauce but I don't really care. All I know is, its so GOOD! Please try it. I insist. Here, just put it on your food once....or twice....oh....okay, you need to get your own bottle because that's mine. GIVE IT BACK NOW!I've been officially DeLaViced....mmmgood. now I know what everyones raving about...esp da orange sauce. I had chicken quesadilla, steak & cheese burrito & nachos mmmm....yummyI normally don't eat mexican food often because most of it is so high in fat. But last night, my friends and I got hungry at 2am. So we stopped here. My first thought when walking up... GHET-TO! People just hanging around the joint, sitting down by the stairs eating like homeless people. Perverted guys giving you that "I want to sex you" look when walking past them. Place was VERY overcrowded. You walk up, 2 security guards at the entrance, one is an actual officer with his belt equipped with a gun, flashlight, and all that other good stuff. My first instinct? What the hell, can we just go to Lee's Noodle House and get some freakin noodles? Nooo, but my friends wanted TACOS. After standing in line for about 5 minutes, we stood around for about 15 minutes waiting for a table so we can FINALLY sit down and eat. When we finally sat down (had to fight for a table), people kept squeezing by, pushing and knocking in to stuff (place was really small and cramped), so my friend and I said "F IT" and went back to the car and ate in the car. Would've gave this place 1 star, but as soon as I took a bite out of the chicken burrito, I was like HOLY shiiiiiet! This is better than the Irvington Taco Truck! Haha, so I bumped it up to 3 stars.If this place is consistently busy like this, they should open up a bigger restaurant, and maybe they'll get 5 stars.It's been years since Ive been here... but I still remember the orange sauce... simply the BESTI have eaten here on nights after a crazy night at the bars, the next day after waking up from the bars, and completely sober, in the middle of the day, to get an eat to bite while in the DT San Jose area. It's safe to say, that the closer it is to 12 midnight, the better the food tastes... No matter what you order though, the orange sauce is key! Otherwise, without it, you're stuck with greasy Mexican-ish food.Their burritos are really good especially with their infamous orange sauce. It just goes with the burrito. I also had good customer service the last time I went there as well. The only thing bad about this place is going there late at night. Yeah, it can be a cool spot to chill and what not late at night but the place is as big as my living room. There are no seats and its usually crowded all the time. They also dont have their own parking lot and you cant park at Jack in The Box which is right next to it.You can't go wrong with any of the items because that orange sauce just makes it 10x better! I always order the super flour quesadilla because I like the crispy texture of the tortilla! Super burrito if I'm feeling brave and probably inebriated. Also don't forget to buy yourself a bottle of that orange sauce, it'll be the best $6.00 you've ever spent!I don't eat meat but whenever I go here I get the Vegi Burrito.  I think the price is reasonable, the service is sufficient and I LOVE their orange sauce better than Iguana's.  I also went there today to buy a bottle of their orange sauce, I'll probable try to see if it goes good with the my home made tostada salad.its a little taste of heaven. i had dreams about this place and its orange sauce when i was stuck in the country void of all mexican food (aka japan) the last two years. one of my first stops was always to la vic's for a quesadilla--that's smothered in cheese and beefy goodness on a crispy yet soft tortilla...with none other than that bright orange heart-stopping sauce with a horchata to match. i can only imagine how many more times i will be eating here once i start school @ SJSU. oh and did i mention its RIGHT across from campus? =)I want to like this place, but their staff sucks.  I hate when employees look/act annoyed that its busy.  Do you want our business or not?   Also, the orange sauce (which is good), they are so protective of it, it makes you not want to like it.  For example, I went with a group of about 15 people and because a third bottle ended up on our table, a lady went up to us to say "only two per table" and stuck her hand out and waited for us to give it to her.   Rude.  Also, those who ordered for "here" we told her that we were sitting upstairs and she just put it on any table she damn chose to.  And the plate was hot., so we couldn't carry it.  Bottom line:  You chose to run a business near a college, don't treat everyone like a college student who is on a budget and has no opinion.Been here more than a couple of times! its good, not the best but I would go back. Great salsas, and fast service. Always busy, mostly with long lines...This place is everything that it is built up to be. Great food, great prices and yes the orange sauce is to die for. Definitely worth the trip to downtown SJ!No problem. In and out we went. It became busy after us. I ordered a quesadilla con crema y avocado and a horchata/strawberry drink. It's a very collage-y place (near SJSU), it's the downstairs of a victorian house. WIll come again. They also hold video game tournaments upstairs...I havnt been here in over a year! I went on Monday and then I ended up going again the next day! I tried the super quesadilla! YUM! Better than the burrito. Kind of messy to eat but so worth it. I still love the orange sauce, its the perfect spicy. And service is quick and easy. And the ladies are nice. The meat wasnt dry and cheese tasted like real cheese not processed.San Jose's startling dearth of culture numbs the mind. Only Jesus knows how such a thing could have happened in this lackluster megalopolis, which ironically is teeming with a great diversity of immigrants. When business requires me to be in this disgraceful festering turd of a city for any length of time that coincides with a mealtime, Taqueria La Victoria is my holy savior; my guiding light. It's not exactly authentic, but it's damn good. A taco glutton's Shangri-La, the tacos here are obscenely large, containing like 1000 times the meat that a taco in Mexico would have. The orange sauce is divine. The pork is falling apart delicious and the carne asada is crack in meat form. So if you should be so unlucky as to find yourself in the crappy vulgar urban embarrassment that is San Jose, thanks to La Vic, at least you know that you won't have to eat shit too.What can I say that hasn't already been said?   Don't let the fact that they're busy packed deter you from walking through their doors.  They're like a well oiled machine and know how to work through the chaos.  They have to being that they're located next to SJSU.  Though I don't live in the South Bay I come here often after a late night of comedy at The Improv or a night out.  My meal of choice is their Super Nachos while my friends often get their super burritos.  They give such a huge portion for their super nachos and you could seriously have 2-3 people (depending on hunger) share just one order.  Of course everyone knows about their Orange Sauce aka Crack Sauce, which they sell by the bottle.  When taking any order To-Go, make sure you ask for extra orange sauce.  You won't regret it.  The sauce itself has a nice heat to it.  Not too overpowering.  The spices in it aren't overwhelming and are definitely not competing with each other.  I like it very much.  Buy a bottle for home.  I've used it on salmon/crab cakes, eggs, chips, etc.  It's a multi-purpose sauce and highly addictive!  I wish they'd open up shop in the City.  I hate having to wait till I visit San Jose to purchase me a bottle of crack sauce.  But, I guess it helps to have something to look forward too when heading south.  I like that they accept credit cards.  But, one thing I wish they had was better parking.The location is convenient and they're great for a late night meal after drinking. The burritos, tacos, quesadillas and nacho supremes are good but I'm sure everything else is too. The special orange sauce is a great way to top it off. If you dont like spicy though, I suggest not using it. I have friends who could eat here almost every day. Me on the other hand can only handle it once every 3-4 months. If I eat it any more than that, I'll get sick of it or just feel extremely guilty.La Vic's has won many local awards in San Jose for their mexican food. But, I have to say that the only real distinguishing difference between them and other mexican food places is their Orange Sauce. I would suggest buying some after you try it; the sauce is available for sale separately. Seems a bit pricey but it's in line with other mexican food places. LA Victoria's- Con mucho Gusto!I used to go here all the time when I was an SJSU student years ago.  I was addicted to their orange sauce...I even purchased a bottle to bring home for $6 so that I could use it on my 25-cent frozen burritos.  Unfortunately, the last two times I went there, the carne asada burritos were so salty that I had a hard time finishing them.  I don't think I'll be back back again unless they cut back on the salt in their recipes :(.The quesadilla is very delicious with the orange sauce. Burrito isn't anything special only good when you are super drunk and you drench it in the orange sauce. Should hire way better security guards then they have right now.Call me crazy but I don't see why this place is this big of a deal!!!!Hmmmm their orange sauce is addicting! I always ask for more sauce cuz three small cups is not enough! This is the only place where I really like veggie burritos cuz I always get quesidillas everywhere I go. I like how they have an upstairs seating area!Had a Super Burrito with carne asada and tons of orange sauce. Although the burrito itself was decent with good chunks of meat and flavor, the sauce is definitely where the main flavor is coming from. I don't recall running into anything like that in So Cal (or anything as memorable). It must be all the rumors floating around, but I saw a sign that said that the orange sauce is vegan, which confuses me since it's hard to believe a creamy sauce is made without and type of dairy product. Typical seating you see with small business in downtown SJ, and of course, horrible parking options. With Iguana's around the corner, it probably depends on my mood on which I would pick.I'm drunk, in San Jose, with homies, late night, oh yeah it's La Vics.  Chicken Burrito with Orange Sauce. I don't care what's in the sauce, all I know is that It's bomb and worth the wait.  I will never get tired of La Vics.  Oh yeah, make sure you don't make a u turn when you get there, cuz cops will pull you over, dumbo!   Hella Dumb...Can't get any better than this for a good Mexican late night bite. Especially with their amazing orange sauce. GET the super quesadilla. They deep fry it for extra flavor!Ahh the sweet sweet orange sauce. I love La Vic's! Top notch burritos and you can even by the orange sauce!!!! ooooh la la =)Good real Mexican and El Salvadoran food. Price is not the cheapest but it's also not that expensive. $10 for a good meal.Eh its okay for late night drunk food.  I stopped eating there after collegeplace is alright. feel like it's overhyped. lots of drunk aggressive people when i came on a friday night. burrito was average. the guacamole is watery. i wish they had normal carne asada fries instead of nacho fries, because the nacho cheese with the fries is just too much. it was drenched in cheese and really gross by the end. actually, it would've been better to not have cheese and just drizzle it with orange sauce!orange sauce!!Don't believe the hype. This place is just okdrunk as fuck after a night out in DTSJ ? well then stuff your face with some bomb ass food from here then attempt to drive home. sober enough?Orange sauce... that's all you need to know.favorite!Love this placeThe burritos are okay but the orange sauce is fantastic!The best quesadillas in the bay. And the burritos are pretty damned good, too. Fast, cheap and always busy, La Vic's (and its orange sauce's) reputation is well-deserved.My favorite thing about this place is the orange sauce... nachos are great too!  2 locations in dt sj.This location is much better than the Santa Clara street location. The food isn't as great, but location is much quieter. Also, the chorizo grease sauce tastes much better. Be careful not to park in the Jack in the Box parking lot. You just may get your whip towed.i've been searching high and low for a taqueria in the south bay that tastes similar to my fave, el faro in san bruno and san francisco - and i found it!  just tried it for the first time this past weekend, on a gloomy overcast sunday - cozy victorian house setting, the food warmed my hungry tummy, and made my taste buds do a little dance.  la victoria is YUMM-MIE!  can't wait to go back.  (and they're open late!  niiiice.)The food ranges from average to slightly above average, but I have some serious concerns with the cleanliness and food safety. They sold my friend an expired orange juice (more than 3 weeks past due). When he alerted them to this, they seemed to not care and said "well, all the ones we have say that date".  I'd expect a little more concern if they realized they sold someone expired juice! Anyway he ended up being OK, but being hit up for cash by homeless people outside the place kinda ruins the atmosphere. The orange sauce is great though!Orange Sauce deserves the 5 stars. The food isn't that great anymore. I first came here before they expanded and blew up. Before they had the bouncer to make sure nothing goes down, and to catch you if you steal the orange sauce bottle. Now that they've blown up, the burritos got smaller, the food isn't as good because I suppose they wanna try and make more money.This place is GREAT! I love the sauce!3.25 starsokay, i have to admit, i've only been here a couple of times before, but never for a burrito. their nachos (which is what i usually get) are good.last week was my first time returning in a very long time...which is why i decided to try one of their burritos. so i got the chicken super burrito and BOY was I disappointed! the chicken was dry and the ingredients were a little overpowering in ratio to the amount of chicken.also, I remember thinking the orange sauce was good, but nothing special. i reconfirmed this on this particular late night trip. it's not that great. it leaves a thick, slightly oily feeling in your mouth (it is mayonnaise-based) and it doesn't have enough kick for my taste. but overall, it's a slightly better than average taqueria and definitely get extra points for being open so late.This place is pretty good. Though Iguana's around the corner seems better priced and better. This place has nothing that really stands out except for the "orange sauce."i freaking hate the orange sauce ok?  that stuff is so freaking gross!!!unnatural!!!!Orange sauce is all I can think about now. I want it drizzled over everything. The carnitas super flour quesediallas were super mouth watering awesome. I loved the tender juicy pork and the flaky quesedilla. This totally rocks that quesedilla experience I had at the previous expensive mexicab restaurant I was at. Awesome food at awesome price and top it off with ORANGE SAUCE! Yayyy. I also tried the cinamon rice drink...but that is some acquired tasteGood food, Ok price. Recently the prices went up but nonetheless there is no other place with the orange sauce that i know of. Delicious hot sauce but last time the orange sauce was like a paste and was quiet bleh. Usually buy a bottle everytime i come here to take home ;D Great place. Ill be back here from time to time, when im not in classMy husband just took me here today. I wanted to try it since he and so many other people have told me how great this place is. I was so excited to try this place, but when I took my first bite, I was quite SAD and disappointed. We ordered a carne asada super burrito. The carne asada was super bland and overcooked or just too tough to chew on. The sour cream and guacamole (I think that is what it is) was all watery and did not really even resemble anything but mush. The orange sauce did make the burrito taste better, but the sauce was not that great either. I do like the fact that the place is clean. I wanted to be WOWED, but nothing lived up the the RAVE from friends and family. Does everyone's taste buds just seem to like mediocre food? I may try this place again since my husband enjoys it, but would never go back again myself.Eh...It's okay!! I would come here if I was dragged along by drunk friends at 2am but thats about the only time!Cheap, tasty, and filling. The only real word one needs to read to know everything about this place. The burritos are huge, the orange sauce is killer and most of the stuff is taken on the go by the students. The the amount of business they get the food comes out pretty quick.I'm giving this place four stars solely for their signature orange sauce. I always buy a bottle to keep in my refridgerator, because it can pretty much make anything tasty. The burritos here are all right and they tend to leak, which I don't appreciate very much.My friends and I use to always visit La Vics late at night when we would have the munchies.  Their food was not the finest, but we continued to return because of their infamous ORANGE SAUCE, which was always a mystery to us.  It was a year ago when we discovered what the orange sauce consisted of and after knowing I have not returned.  Nope, I will not claim my resources--I heard it's made of fat.  What type?  I will not say!  You're basically drizzling fat/lard on your food.  Not worth clogging my veins!Orange sauce is to die for. I keep a bottle in my fridge at home and at work. Its good for turning OK Mexican food into incredible food!I have come here on many occasions and it always seems to be crowded. One time I came here and they even had security that made sure we stayed on the rug when we were in line! My friends LOVE this place, however I'm not a big fan. Don't think it's as great as everyone says it is. Their orange sauce is okay and the food is cheap. I'm just not a big fan of cheesy or greasy food.came here about 1am to feed my hungry stomach. had a massive carne asad burrito that i shared. luckily we got there before the hordes of bodies came out of nowhere. i swear once we sat down about 40 people magically appeared. theres something about eating with friends and having other people's asses in your face waiting for their orders while you eat. i guess its a good thing they hadn't had their beans yet!the burrito was good though!i've never actually been to la victoria, but thanks to my boss we always have a bottle of the orange sauce at work..so this review is based solely on that delicious creation..mmi'll update when i actually do goThis place is awesome. Their specialty is the orange sauce. It's really out there. People have been known to steal the bottles of orange sauce. I like the carne asada burritos and the nachos. They're open late so good place to go after a movie or if you just have a craving.Though the store looked kinda shabby, the orange sauce was awesome! But I find the burritos here to be kind of overrated, its the orange sauce that makes the whole place better. On the contrary, eating a burrito with the orange sauce kinda robs the true flavor of what a burrito should be. But in general, if your hungry and lookin for something cheap, this is the place!I love La Victoria!! I crave the taste of that orange sauce sometimes.. Customers should beware though, the sauce contains pork if anyone was concerned about that! I'm not though. I usually get a vegetarian quesadilla. I've gotten a burrito a few times but I think it's a bit bland. Too much rice. The sauce is mainly what makes this place awesome.back in my frat days, I would have given this place a five, but after exploring beyond walking distance, this is the score I will give it.that orange sauce though, there's nothing like it. the gf bought me a couple bottles to bring back down to socal where I'm livin now.orange sauce + kogi burritos. the end.What more is there to say besides "I love the orange sauce"? Their food is a bit above average, and they do have a chile relleno burrito, which not everyone has. The orange sauce puts the food way over the top though, and makes it an experience worth travelling for. I don't know what the hell they put in that sauce, but I know people that drive the 30+ miles to go down and buy some every few months. Yum! The restaurant is a little bit cramped though, especially during the lunch rush at this location when the college students come over from SJSU.This place is overrated!!! The burritos are awful! The dryness (it's like chewing a paper towel) is so overwhelming that even after you drench the burrito in orange sauce you still can feel the dry texture! I'd probably just drink the sauce or buy a gallon of it to eat with some future taco truck burrito purchases.Yummy steak burrito! N da orange sauce is goooood! Best way to end a drunken night in san joseorange sauce,orange sauce,and orange sauce...my homies like to hit this place upafter they play some basketball.good decision.this place is perfect to keep that sweat goin haha.you gotta chase down every bite of your burrito with some squirts from thatorange bottle.it never fails. one person uses the bottle, puts it down, instantly the other person was waiting for it. that's our system. it may not work for everyone. i heard some people would take the sauce and go to Iguana's... its all in the sauce my friends...peace.A solid burrito shop.  You'd be surprised how many bad burrito shops there are in San Jose and this one doesn't suck.  Its dirty but because its so busy.  Lots of scrubs sitting outside so its a bit shady.  I wouldn't take the kid here.there's really nothing else i can add to this that hasnt been said. the orange sauce is great, much better then any other "orange sauce" i have had any where else. i mainly eat the super nachos which usually hits the spot especially after a night after chillin at a bar. the enchiladas are pretty awesome too, but other then that everything else is ok. i definately suggest you to try it out if you havent the original location is cool but the newer almaden expressway location is a lot nicer.do u really need to review this place !!!??everyone knows about LA VICKS!!!!and the orange SAUCE!!!mMMMmmmmmm...!popular spot on Thursday, Friday, Saturday nights after the clubs and bars close. I like the burritos and quesidillas. Orange sauce is good. Food takes a while when they get backed up. On a busy night, we waited about 30-45 minutes for our food, crazy.Pretty good burritos though the meat can be pretty darn dried out.  I go here every now and then because its close and its sure beats that iguana place or godzilla or whatever its called.  its also open late which kicks in an extra star.Great sauce.  Good burritos.The food here is definitely cheap for a Mexican restaurant. I had a regular burrito, and it was HUGE for $5. Unfortunately, the burrito lacked flavoring in it. I even used their "hot sauce", but it did not help. My co-worker had warned me about it, but because I hear people raving about this place so much, I decided to give it a shot. Cheap, but nothing to rave about.Came here as an out-of-towner, which prompted all the in-towers to hype it up. The hype made my expectations high - but it wasn't met. The orange sauce is famous here for some reason. It was good, but not as great as the hype makes it seem. The food isn't even all that fabulous. The chips in my nachos were stale and the ingredients are so-so.I think that if it weren't for the orange sauce, they'd be out of business. I ordered an al pastor burrito. It was average. The sauce definitely made it better. Word to the wise, don't try taking a bottle of their sauce out with you. They have cameras and will not hesitate to run after you.great after party grub.  i luv the carnitas burritos with organge sauce!  lines are long and the crowd can be a bit rowdy late nite, but it's part of the charm.  remember to have someone snag a table while you're ordering because seating is limited.5 stars for the orange sauce. Breakfast burrito is a hangover cure. Chicken breast burrito is good when the meat is tender and not super tough. They charge for chips and drink refills which sucks. Otherwise, this place is nothing special. Its all about the orange sauce really.A classic that never gets old! Orange hot sauce is one of a kind.I kinda feel bad for the people working there,  When I went there,  There is a security guard standing right in front of the line checking up on everybody like its a prison or something.  Just a bad vibe all the way around.  This time its not the workers its the drunk customers being rude.  Cutting in front of me.  People yelling everywhere.  Fight breaking out.  All I wanted was something to eat.  Too much drama.  Will not come back here late night, probably during the day.I went here for lunch during Fanime and got the carne asada super burrito. It was very good and super filling. I wish they had a choice of beans. They only have pinto beans but I usually get black beans in my burritos. I like the orange sauce because it goes really well with the burrito. I think the salsa that they put in the burrito is kind of spicy.I came here last night to grab a quick bite with my cousin. We split a super burrito ($6.44 including tax). There was a big group ordering ahead of us, but our burrito still came out pretty fast. Their orange sauce is a lot spicier than I remember, but still good.First Impression: I've been coming here for years and sadly to say that this is my first review. This place from appearance from the outside looks like those old school houses that just got turned into a taqueria. The food here is not that good but the "orange sauce" (if you haven't tired it, brace yourself that it's pretty spicy, it's a good spice so don't worry) makes everything taste all the better. I think this place is only popular because of their sauce, without it this place would be ordinary. Who knew just one thing would be a phenomena?! I do have to say they have the best Chicken Quesadilla... Oh how I'm so in love how the tortilla is crispy while the chicken is still moist with lots of orange sauce!! Seriously, their sauce is a MUST try! The other dishes are OK, it's blah like other taquerias. I would suggest you to never come here after 8pm, because the line is ridiculous, especially during Fridays & Saturdays. This place doesn't have enough room to eat so prepare yourself when it's pack because usually everyone either takes it togo or eat outside. The ambiance is average, it has it's days when it's awful loud or real quiet. This place is very plain when it comes to decorations, there's nothing to really keep you occupied and look around besides your phone or having the anticipation of tasting that yummy sauce, or there's windows you can stare out in the distance if you don't feel doing any of the other two. Another suggestion is if you plan on parking in the JackInTheBox lot, make it quick like if you plan to take it togo, because they do snitch. The parking is horrible, so the best place would probably be the garage, but if your not willing to pay by hour there's always the streets to get rid of those coins you've been saving up for times like these.Last Impression: Without their orange sauce and Chicken Quesadilla I wouldn't be coming here for nothing. I need to note myself that I need to buy their sauce that sells for $6 a bottle so that makes it a another plus because now you can bring it everywhere you go and make everything you eat taste all the yummier! This place is YUM!Check out my photos i posted!I've been here a lot of times and the taste just gets better and better! I love their orange sauce.... it fits everything! my boyfriend and I also tried their regular taco with carne asada no beans..... blah its the bomb! Whenever I think of their burrito and taco it makes me drool HAHA just try it and you'll see!!Maybe my friends hyped it up too much for me, or maybe it was just their bad day. I ordered the beef burrito.... I agree, the portion is big, but it was just....okay.... nothing AMAZING.... I like their orange sauce though. But yeah, nothing AMAZING about it...Can I just say this is probably the worst Mexican food ever, even when I'm drunk. I've had La Vic's sober and intoxicated, and both times did not make a difference. Their food seriously lacks flavor which is why I think people just slab on a bunch of their orange sauce to make up for it. And damn, is it sketchy here late at night! I don't live in this area or near it at all, but even if I did, I wouldn't catch myself coming here. This place is only convenient because it opens til late, and there's full of drunk college kids looking for food in the area. I happen to be the one being dragged along to La Vic's for my friends' drunk cravings. I guess 1 star goes to their orange sauce.I came to this place once and the other La Vic's on Santa Clara once, and I, like many others reviewed, was also after the "orange sauce." I was excited at first, seeing that the prices were generally lower than other Mexican food places, but then realized that I was not as impressed with the Orange sauce as others were. In fact, I didn't even really like it. The burrito I got wasn't bad, but not amazing either. In addition, parking at both locations (given that they are in downtown San Jose), are both quite difficult to find...especially this location on San Carlos. (It is right next to Jack in the Box but there are signs forbidding La Vic customers from parking...)orange sauce, carne asada fries, super nachos .. maybe not authentic, but soo good. college would not have been the same w/out la vic's.no beans for me though yuck!Bomb ass foodLa Victorias or "La Vics" is a very popular Mexican restaurant near the campus of SJSU. A lot students go there to get a quick snack or late at night because its fairly convenient. Its hours of operation are from 7am-3am. The one thing they are known for is there "orange sauce." This spicy creation has people running back for more. To order at La Vics, you must walk up to the counter. The restaurant is fairly small with a warm ambiance. The employees seem to hate their jobs because of the people they deal with on a daily. The food is relatively cheap and is prepared quickly. I personally enjoy eating at La Vics. I did not enjoy the "orange sauce" the first time I had it but it was an acquired taste for me. Today, I visited La Vics, and had a super carne asada burrito, which was pretty filling. I believe as far as their product goes It was really good. There service is quick, their product is cheap, and it is easy to take to go. There are a couple things I believe that they need to work on. One thing is customer service, the employee's deal with a lot of drunk customers late at night, but are still unfriendly to regular customers. Overall my experience at La Vics was pleasant. If you are handicap, I'm sorry they do not have a handicap accessible way to get into the restaurant. The small atmosphere is cool and makes it seem like a very small family restaurant. If you're going for the food expect an average burrito but expect an amazing spicy orange sauce. The convenience level at La Vics brings clientele in. Being open until 3 am gets them a lot of customers. La Vics is in the right location and have a good product to continue excellent business.Went here for the first time on a Sunday mid morning.It was quiet, quick service.Got Burrito and it was loaded .Couldn't finish it all in one sitting and I love to eat ..so believe it was enough for two meals.However beware of the special orange sauce it will greet you later and hope ur at the crib when it does..CheersThat orange sauce is too good. Their burritos are amazing and cheap. My favorite taqueria around, and they are worth the far drive and the anger of trying to find parking on the busy one-way downtown streets. I'd have to say their carne asada fries don't match up to iguana's, but who cares! I come for the burritos and orange sauce.Agree re the orange sauce.The food is a little on the greasy side,  but it sure is tasty.  And inexpensive.  Fun!!!If you want Mexican fast food La Vic's would be your best bet.  Make sure to add the "orange sauce" to your order.  The strawberry frescas is refreshing, especially with your meal.  La Vic's is real authentic Mexican food.If I could.. I would totally stock up on their sauce.  Definitely a craving satisfier and I can honestly eat almost any meal with their sauce.Love the orange sauce! Tasty burritos. Decent service (sometimes a wait, but that's usually because the line is so long...). There's also a nice seating area upstairs, if you're with a group and want a quieter environment. i volunteer with the Silicon Valley YWCA and LOVE grabbing La Vic's for lunch when I'm onsite.Awesome Carne Asada and Chile Verdea very crowded place for lunch. The sauce is the key element here to dead for. I always order burrito when I come here. Their burrito is just ok, not outstanding, sometimes it's pretty good, sometimes the meat is kinda dry - so consistency issue. but I am not here for their burrito, I am here for the sauce. With the sauce, the burrito is great. I can't eat here without dipping into the sauce.Love the food and the atmosphere.  Such a sweet, family-owned business!Orange Sauce... Nuff said... BOOM 5 stars.So, this is the La Vics everyone kept talking about. So that's the crack sauce people say you need to put on everything. It was my first time here and I guess when people rave about certain places you have all these expectations. One taste of the orange sauce and.. I wasn't mind blown like I thought I would be. I heard a guy say it's not as orange anymore so I guess they changed the concoction. But it had the right amount of kick and flavor, and I'm not much into spicy food so it was perfect. The carne asada super quesadilla was delicious.The tortilla was very flaky and crispy. With the cheap prices I'd come back to check out the rest of the menu.We always get the carne asada super burrito with chips and horchata. Love the new seating and new bathroom!I am reminded of the old SNL skit ... the one in the restaurant with Adam Sandler's character asking the woman contantly 'do you like-a-da sauce?' ... give this place a try, you might love the orange sauce ... but if you don't, there's probably no reason to come here regularly.  It's nothing special outside of 'da sauce' ...its just okay. i mean the food is good, esp. when you hungry. the orange sauce will, to me, is NOT a miracle elixer that will set aside la vic's food from anyother restaurant. it is good, it does make their food better, but that shouldn't be the reason you know. i would eat here again, if i was in the area, their servings are generous and all, but this isn't authentic mexican food, try goveas for some home made mexican food.I didn't find this place until sophmore year at sjsu, at which time it was still decent. It's really degraded in value and quality and i'll often wonder why I even bothered with the place after finishing my burrito. Not a terrible place, but has much to be desired for. Portions have shrunk and the popularity of the sauce has made it impossible to find a time when service is fast.I haven't been here in so long and dayammm do i miss it.  The eating area is a lil bit small, but they have bomb ass mexican food.  2 WORDS - ORANGE SAUCE! yummmmmyyyyyyThere really isn't anything left to say about this place.  It's good and cheap... and the orange sauce is a must.When your stumbling around downtown after the clubs/bars let you out there is only one thing on your mind.... Orange Sauce! How do they get their quesadilla's so crispy, cheesy, and perfect everytime? How?It's the orange sauce that keeps me coming back here and I buy a bottle each time. I actually eat the orange sauce with a lot of things, like hot dogs, burgers, anything meaty actually. Besides the orange sauce, their burritos are HEAVY and very good too :)OKAY... I would like to say that La Vics is played out and overrated. Although I do come here quite often... the burritos at Iguanas are kinda better. But I'm not fully about burritos so don't take my word. The orange sauce IS good... but just take a whiff and notice that stale scent of urinal cakes. Oh, and someone please tell me why that whenever that big tall mexican rent-a-cop works... he tries and puts moves on me. I mean... I'm flattered but I'll pass.I dream about the orange sauce.  When we lived downtown, we ate here at least once a week.I always get sick after eating here.  but their orange sauce is the bestEveryone has pretty much pegged la vics: it is the perfect place to eat after a long night of drinking. It's always crowded, and the the place is so tiny! However, I think that they are pretty fast getting you your food, perfect to satisfy the drunk munchies!! AND of course there is the orange sauce. I have no idea what the hell they put in it, but it works. I always ask for extra so I can use it whenever I want! Unfortunately, this place mainly gets it's stars from the orange sauce and the random late nights it represents, because the food is nothing special. Not bad, just not great. My super carne asada burrito was so bland it quickly became an orange sauce burrito!My favorite place to come after class to eat with friends ... I'm in love with their burritos and super nacho...yummy!Over-hyped, but still worth the drive (at least where I live) for a good quality burrito. :)I've only tried it once but yes multiple reviews cannot go wrong! I love the Orange Sauce!!!!!!!!!I was in the San Jose area spending quality time with my daughter and wanted to make a stop at La Vic's because there is so much talk among my friends about their "famous" sauce. I tried their chicken quesadilla and bought my bottle of sauce to bring home. The quesadilla was okay, but the sauce made it all the more delicious. So like everyone else, I'd say food is alright, but be sure to get the sauce. It'll go good on anything.The orange sauce...funny thing is, on its own it's ok, or perhaps even weird tasting. But douse that on your burrito and the it's greater than the sum of two parts. or however that saying goes.  i am on a quest to figure out what is  the orange sauce, and so far i'm pretty sure the bulk of its flavor comes from garlic.I've had only one burrito here and on its own, without the sauce,  it's very average. It tasted like if a oaxaqueno burrito from Henry's dropped out of burrito college-- it could have been something great...but it didn't take those 8 credits of natural science. It didn't make me go "damn i didn't know a burrito could be like THIS" . For such an experience, I suggest hitting up El Farolito in the mission in SF. Where burrito PhDs are made.Decent burritos made better by their "orange sauce". does it justify a visit to the place absolutely! it makes the burrito totally worthwhile and worth a spot in my top 5 burritosThe orange sauce is delish. I love the super carne asada tacos here. Order two and you will be satisfied, I mean I can always eat more if I really wanted to...but two is just the right amount. This is definitely the go to spot when you're done playing in downtown.I've eaten here many times on many occasions and really liked coming here. The super burrito tastes eh probably just as good as any other place, but the orange sauce makes it better no doubt. Reason i'm giving it  2 stars is because i got food poisoned one time and i've never gone back. Well never even picked up a burrito after that to say the least...BUT don't be scared, i probably just struck bad luck haha the place is good. Usually packed past 9pm so prepare to wait in lineCame here on the LATE night this past weekend and the wait was stupid. Sure it only took about 5-10 minutes to place the order. But it took a solid 25 minutes to get the food. Jack in the Box started to look like the better choice as I swayed back and forth trying to maintain before i got some food in my face.It's only worth it to come to this location in the evening after everyone at the clubs want to grab a bite to eat. Hilarity almost always in sues here with all the drunken girls in there skimpy dresses cause drama, and drunk dudes fall all over themselves. Last time I came here on a Wed night at around 2 or 2:30 in the morning a huge girl fight erupted ending in a burrito being flung across the dining room landing on some of my friends. But anyway the food is great, I love the burritos, and of course the orange sauce is addicting! I much per fer going to the new Almaden location though, defiantly a lot less burritos flying everywhere!The cane asada quesadilla is the best w/ orange sauce.  that's it.  I drive from San Ramon for this and they are open till 3am.* Food:o Presentation: Sometimes messy but overall, it's ok for a taqueria! (3/5)o Temperature: Hot since they cook and serve it right away. (5/5)o Quality: Decent. (2/5)o Dishes ordered: Carne asada burrito and quesadilla.o Tastiest dish: Love their quesadillas! I used to love their burritos as well but after they remodeled, it doesn't tastes the same anymore. I love their orange sauce! (4/5)* Server:o Attentive: Ok. (3/5)o Knowledgeable: Ok. (3/5)o Friendliness: Ok. (2/5)* Restaurant:o Atmosphere: Always tons of people! This is a popular college place for late night, lunches, dinners, etc. This place opens really late so after people finish clubbing or drinking, they come here. There are usually no table space because it's so packed. The environment is super lively! (5/5)o Cleanliness: Clean but old looking. (4/5)o Cost vs. value: Ok. (3/5)* Will I revisit restaurant? For quesadillas, I will go to La Vics! For burritos, I prefer Iguanas (around the corner).i use to come here for lunch frequently when i went to San Jose State, now that I am currently not attending I haven't been down there. Last night I went and got a carne asada corn super quesadilla with some orange sauce, it was just as good as i remembered it was. La Vics is still open late, super packed at night and the bums still chillin out front at night asking for change.Years ago I thought this place was really good, but then again the only baseline I had for comparison was Taco Bell. A coworker of mine, who's a big fan of Mexican food, made a list of places that I should try. After going to all of them I got a better idea of what a good burrito is. I recently went to La Vic (it was the only one open at midnight) and I decided that the orange sauce wasn't that good to compensate for the mediocre burritos and long line.I've always liked La Vic's after coming to this one. I used to go to SJSU and ended up here one sleepless night. I wasn't really hungry, i was just with a crowd. So i ended up buying nachos to go. BAD MOVE. i found out the to-go nachos was in a HUGE bento box that i just could NOT for the life of me FINISH! I felt like i was in harry potter's taqueria and the box just wouldn't freakin empty! I was glad i did suffer a little that night though. From then on, i really have not ordered anything else. I go here for the nachos. I usually stay in the place however, since they give you that whole bottle of orange sauce to use. I REALLY like the Orange sauce. Mixing it with the green sauce? ORGASM IN MY MOUSS! The meat here is really packed with flavor and the guacamole with sour cream and the cheese and sauce MMMM!! This post is actually making me hungry RIGHT NOW. The mix is really good. People that order here usually leave REALLY full. Im impressed. Another first for me, another success. THE ONLY THING that i think people will agree with me about on the bad side, is that when its night time, and the place is full, there's NOWHERE to eat. This place is packed! I was just here last week, and the place was FULL upstairs and down. It was HOT upstairs too. We waited for a table for 5 to open up, and once it did, we swooped in on it. However, with the room that they need to work with, the layout is as good as it gets.  FOODS great, Prices are great, Quantity is great, I love La Vic'sorange sauce. thats all u need to know. Good carnitas and al pastor, in the afternoon or after the club.Been to the one on Santa Clara a few times, that is a better location. Thought i was going to get jumped walking to and from the car on a sunday afternoon. Food is eh...i think the burritos are not very "fresh" like the the chicken is soogie, had the super burrito or whatever with the gauc...and there was only one little spot of in the top, none throughout the rest of the burrito. Had the chips and salsa to start..the salasa is REALLY good...has a bite to it!Great burritos.Great quesedillas. Orange sauce is delicious. The people who work there are super nice.Thanks go didn't have to wait in line. My uncle did all the hard work to get some of these La Victoria Taqueria burritos. I heard you had to wait at least 15 mins in line for some Taqueria Burritos. Ok well lets just get right to the point... The burritos are kind of dry and bland. But surprisingly their magic Orange sauce is heavenly!!! DON'T eat the burrito w/o the sauce! It's a must! Overall La Victoria Taqueria is good mexican fat, excellent for a drunken night ;)Yes, it looks like a frat house and it practically turns into one on weekend late nights. Waiting in line for a taco at 1am on a weekend night is like watching an episode of Jersey shore... obnoxiously, I think I even saw some fist pumping. BUT it is all worth it, and super cheap to boot. I have hands-down never had a better taco anywhere, even in a fine-dine atmosphere. The food is very clean and fresh compared to other taquerias in the area, and the orange sauce IS everything people make it out to be. I have leftover sauce in my fridge and have been tempted to drink it on several occasions.Besides the wait (understandable given we always come after hanging out on Santana Row), the food is great after a night of boozing. Get a couple super tacos and the super nachos to share, drizzle with orange sauce and maybe accompany with a strawberry aqua fresca and call it a night.The quesadilla is very delicious withthe orange sauce. There's always a security guard who acts all tough for no apparent reason. He's always an ass to guys mugging them down. When I went, this customer's order was called and the security ask the guy for his receipt and tossed him his burrito spilling the orange sauce on the ground not even apologizing or anything.  The security guard does not even look buff or scary or intimidating. He looks like a crack head. Looks like that's where all his pay check goes to. The food is good, security sucks.latenight? drunk? craving for mexican food? LA VICS IS THE GO TO SPOT! the line does get ridiculously long at times, and the seating is packed, but fck it... that 'secret sauce' is worth the wait for! ... hahaha okay to be honest, its good but i think the sauce is overhyped! if theres no secret to that sauce people wouldn't give two shts about it!the sauce is pretty spicy though, and i'm the kinda guy that drowns my food in sauce... which means i drink a lot to kill the spice -- which means the 75 cents refill they charge can kill a brothas pockets! haha!don't be foolish like me. i made a poor decision of wanting to try something new on the menu. stick to whats best... -- CARNE ASADA QUESADILLA!Great food. Always get the Carnitas Super Quesadilla.  AMAZING.  Gotta try the orange sauce too, bit spicy, but right on the money.  Went to the Redwood City location, was less than impressed...But I keep coming back to this one.  Keep up the great work.I got a burrito, and it is MASSIVE (for someone my size).  I'd say it could be split between two people.  The burrito is pretty average tasting, but the orange sauce makes it taste even better! Don't forget the horchata, it's delish!You go for the orange sauce, it's best with the super chicken burritto, staff always is so-so, never to happy to be working there.  They hoard the sauce like it's gold and overprice it in the bottle.  This is great late night grub after the club.I haven't been there in over five years and I came back to get my usual when I was in college and nothing is the same! What happened to my white meat chicken burrito? The orange sauce is now Vegan? What is going on? I am so disappointed. Its not a good place to go if you have a group of four or more. There are no sittings and I quite frankly sick of the bums and beggers in the front of the venue. I could do without the piegoning when I get food. I am going to stick to my Mi Pueblo and mobile trucks for my burrito cravings from now on. The orange sauce is no longer the reason to eat there.5 stars for their Orange Sauce!!! We took a bottle home and it's delicious on everything; sandwiches, burgers, you name it!!!Don't see what the big hype is over La Vic's. I just viewed it as a normal Mexican restaurant. Everyone raves about the orange sauce but... I just saw it as orange sauce. Nothing distinctive about it-- oh, except for I did hear that the orange sauce is alllll this unhealthy stuff such as pork fat, etc. Eh. I don't think I'll even bother eating it again to try to like it.I've heard so much about La Victoria from everyone on campus! And even a co-worker back in LA. Heck, I admit I walked in with very high expectations. Unfortunately, it was ok... not that great. When you walk up the steps to enter the restaurant, there's this stench from the trash area near the door... ugh. Automatic -1 star. Very unsanitary. I came in right before lunch hour rush starts, so the wait was about 7-10 minutes. Not bad. Their orange sauce was interesting. Good tang and a good kick from the spice. I ordered the super burrito since there's guac + sour cream, my two favorite and must add ons for an additional dollar or so, so I thought why not? When I tried my burrito, there was barely any guac inside. I was so disappointed. The meat was very salty but the sauce helped hid some of that salt. The rice inside the burrito was mushy and honestly, not my favorite. I gave up after 2/3 of the burrito, because I was super hungry.... but the rice was getting mushier with every bite. I grew up eating rice almost everyday, so I definitely am a very picky rice eater. I don't mind giving it another try, but I'd probably come back for other things, not a burrito. Maybe an order of carne asada fries. Two stars for now, and we shall see later on. This really made me miss Alberta's back in Torrance even more.So, I'm sure the only reason why this place is still poppin' is because of the sauce and the fact that it's open super late. The meat for the past two years I've been going there has been DRY. The chips are stale when I order the nachos. The burritos are filled with rice and beans, and barely any meat. You have to drench everything in the orange sauce to make it taste amazing. I love the sauce, and it does make lots of things good, but shouldn't the basic foods there be good too?The food is great for a late night meal. It gets crowded but the service is quick. I have had the carne asada fries, nachos, and the quesadillas. All are really good and filling.My friends and I have been going to this establishment since highschool its our go to place after a party,nightclub,or when we feel like having some tacos or burritos with that special sauce its known for..its all about the orange sauce baby!lol great service.great food. :)2 stars for the orange sauce2 stars for the service2 stars for the fries in the cheese, sour cream, and guacamoleNO star for the Carne asadaLets just say I've been to more authentic taquerias.One of my favorite burritos and their orange sauce is incredible.Sauce is boss. Lady that calls out the numbers needs to calm down screams at the top of their lungs. Ordered the asada fries and its made for two they give a lot.  The gf got the usual the tostada which is a healthy choice and is really good but not really worth the price. Overall good food and its right near SJSU.My all-time favorite Mexican eatery in Downtown San Jose! Mostly students come in during the day because of SJSU and it could get crowded during peak hours. But service is great, place is clean, and the food is delicious. My favorite dish has got to be the super flour quesadilla with carne asada. The orange sauce also gives it a great kick of spice along with the green sauce (not spicy). Overall, definitely better than any other Mexican food chain and is definitely worth trying if you plan to stop in San Jose.The food here is average.  I only come here when my drunk friends drag me in.  What a ghetto setting DT SJ.  Makes me not want to live in SJ, oh that's right I don't and the ghetto vibe is the main reason.  The sauce is so on-point and that is why I am raising my review from 2 stars, to 3!  Students come in here just to buy the sauce!Pretty good burrito after the clubs in dt san jose. Orange sauce is real good. People love it. Beef sometimes crispy on the outside and tender in the middle. Always tender though. Small and crowded. Not much of a wait. They on it.orange sauce. yes.I had the pleasure of tasting these tasty a@@ tacos around 2 am after a club and one too many drinks.  The tacos were awesome!  But, not sure if the "drinks" are what made them taste good.  It was very crowded, though.Their food selection is great and the food itself is pretty good.  Their orange sauce however is on another level and is what makes this joint so popular. Their sauce  takes an otherwise mediocre taqueria and establishes it as one of the South Bay's best.  It's that good.  La Vic's is especially good after a night of drinking, often staying open late.  It's a must have for any out-of-towners.  It's not the best taqueria chain around but it is special nonetheless.ITS GOOD but not the best in the bay !Try their orange sauce! Its great on everything! Spicy as fuhh, but you just can't stop eating. Its super convenient for those late night drunken cravings for Mexican food. Doesn't close till 3am. And walking distance from campus. Soo goooooood. Going tonight! There's not much seating though.The burritos are delicious, but can't give it 5 stars because it is always exceedingly greasy (more so than other taquerias I feel like) and, it never fails, that the orange sauce gives me a stomach ache. IDK if it is the spiciness or  any of the other ingredients since I'm not exactly sure what is even in it :)!orange sauce, massive burritos and yummy quesadillas! mmmmmlove the sauce. I think that's what makes the food good.This was a god send the night my friends and I went there.  After watchin a sharks game, then proceeding to a bar, then hitting up La Vic in the late night hour was great.  The burritos, tacos, nachos, la jarritos drinks, and the chipotle sause were great.  Even at the late hour, La Vic was packed.  Service was quick and friendly, considering how busy it was.  Overall good food for the late night hour.Four starts for the creamy orange hot sauce and two stars for the food. It's the sauce that makes everything taste better. The best thing about the burritos it that the rice is not dry like at most places. If you are hungry try to eat a platter of nachos. Good luck, it's HUGE!This place rocks! Orange Sauce, Orange Sauce,Orange Sauce!!!!!! Super Burrito 4.95, Flautas 7.95, Orange Sauce Priceless. Great prices  and pleasant staff not to mention the food is killer. Open from 7am to 11pm perfect for those late nights! Remember to park in the Grande Pizzeria parking lot on 4th st. (Jack in the crack will tow your car in a heartbeat if you park in their lot).ORANGE SAUCE on a super taqueria burrito is the best combo in SJ anyone else agree? or tried?Their orange sauce is pretty much the only reason why everyone comes here again and again and again. It's pretty damn delicious. Burritos aren't good, it gets really crowded at night and on weekends, long lines, REALLY long wait after you order, no parking. But OH MY GOD THE ORANGE SAUCE. Yummm.After playing some tennis, me and my friend came here. She told me about this place before and I wanted to see what the hype was all about. I had the super nachos and it was good. Put some orange sauce on it and it was better. Now I want to go back and try some more.ORANGE SAUCE!!! I like the burritos, they are ok, but the orange souse makes it godly. May take a few tries to get used to the taste but each time you try it it gets better and better.Came here for a midnight snack after dancing at Vivid. Line was long, got a veggie burrito. Asked for no guacamole as I'm really allergic, and they literally scraped it off the freakin' lettuce and gave it to me. Yuck. I don't think I could or would come here again. I tried the sauce, wasn't too omg...hehe...When it comes to Taquerias, I consider myself a self-proclaimed purest. I judge them on the quality of their meat and the taste of their burritos and tacos. The burrito downright sucked and the taco had beans in it! WTF I have to admit the quesidilla is the ONLY thing I would order here. Accompanied with the mystery "orange sauce" the quesidilla was a 9.5 out of 10. Don't know what it's made of....... but damn its addicting. If you really want a worthwhile meal, I would recommend going with taco bell and some of that famous mystery sauce. If your in the area and craving a real taco, try the taco truck off Capitol and Senter Rd. The el pastor and carne asada are off the hook. Even the tortillas are made from scratch. USDA approved!La Victoria is the place to go if you need a break from Iguana's Taqueria right around the corner.  Most of my friends prefer La Vic's for the sauce, but I'm not convinced.  The burritos themselves are big and tasty, but a bit on the dry side.  I have to add extra sauce to the burritos for that reason, and then of course all you taste is the orange sauce.  Thus the lack of one star in my review.  However, their super nachos hit the spot, as do their quesadillas.  Service is efficient, however, expect to wait for your order as there is nearly always a line snaking all the way back through the lobby.Maybe it's because i'm from the city and i'm not use to their burrito but something seems to be missing from it. i guess i'm a big fan of salsa and guacamole in my burritos and i felt that the super burrito they offer did not have a lot of that in them. it's definitely a plus one for their secret sauce they have. it's really good everything! not too spicy but still have a punch to it. the only thing i find odd is the amount of security they have here at night. i guess this place gets rowdy in the wee hours of the night.Super Good!I'm a pretty picky when it comes to my burritos... my best friend kept raving about this place and the "orange" sauce ... but it met my expectations!!! The sauce especially...wow wow wow wow. I been told the sauce goes good with chappatis .... mmmmm....The avocados ...  nice and fresh... yum yum yum... what ruins a good burrito --- when the guac is brown and moldy ... *shivers* I've had that happen to me one too many times in SF... Don't worry... you won't get a dinky size burrito... you would assume so (cause the price is pretty cheap) but its a GOOD size... it will kill your hunger!I always get a burrito or quesadilla if I'm in the area.  I'm sure it's the orange sauce that makes the food so great, but I could never eat there without using the orange sauce to find out if it's still good without it.Get the Special Sauce!!!  It is delicious!!!  I am not sure I come here for the food or for the special sauce.  But nonetheless I keep coming back.  Spending a lot of time in So Cal the mexican food in Nor Cal cannot compare.  But as Nor Cal Mexican food goes La Vics is one of my favorites.This place is in serious trouble if anyone ever figures out the recipe for the orange sauce. I'm pretty sure that's the only reason anyone goes here. You can downplay the quality of the food all you want, but as long as this place has the orange sauce monopoly, you'll be coming back.I'll just echo what everyone is saying about the orange sauce. Friendly recommendation: get more than one cook for lunch hour. Even on days when I am the only one in line I've waited 20 minutes for a mere burrito!Pretty much anything I get here is Carne Asada, so I can't say how the other meats are, but they're probably great also.Carne Asada Nachos, Buritos, Tacos, Quesadillas, they're all tasty.Always end up going after midnight, so it's pretty packed.To be perfectly honest the food here is not that great. This has to be one of the worst taquerias that I've ever been to and they don't even have a fresh salsa bar and they don't even give any free chips, and you have to pay for that! And their so called "orange sauce" is not all that. There are other great taquerias is this is not one of them. People don't have good taste anymore.like everyone already said the orange sauce is amazing! you can buy a bottle of it for $6 there if you want. I ordered a super burrito and put a squirt of that orange sauce on every bite. The burrito was very average though, its the sauce that really completed this meal. I also ordered a horchata to quench my thirst, but even that drink was average compared to other taquerias i've been to, shit i should have mixed in some of that super orange sauce to spike it up!Go to this one if you parked closer to the theatre side. Go to the other one on Santa Clara if you parked by the sabor, taste, pearl area.Went here after a drunken night at the clubs. Wouldn't have known it existed were it not for the 15 or so people outside the club (parking lot pimpin, what it do?!) saying that was the spot to go to. I was told explicitly and lacking no fanfare that the orange sauce was about as important as the Patron was and hour earlier.  Line was about 45 mins long but it gives you the perfect setting to meet new people if you have that in mind. Ordered a super carne asada burrito and along with the orange sauce couldn't be happier. Walked back to the hotel and took my drunk yet fully satisfied ass to bed.You know you go to La Vics only cuz u want the orange sauce or either you're just too hungry and don't care what you fill your self up with. The foods ok. Its just their orange sauce that makes the food great. Seriously no joke! If they didn't have the orange sauce then I don't think I would be eating here. The place is small and always crowded so I suggest its only good for take-out.Carne asada is flavorful and crispy.Orange sauce is tasty, but kind of gimmicky. It's just hot sauce mixed with some salad dressing or garlic aioli. You can probably make it too if you find out the recipe. No complimentary chips and salsa.I like to eat here on occasion when I want a carne asada burrito. I love their orange sauce and always make sure to buy a $6 bottle before I leave. The seating area is small and it can get loud at times. The service is pretty fast irregardless of rush hours and the quality is consistent.I went here because I have heard so much about their special sauce. I decided to give it a try since we were nearby and I was curious. Personally, the sauce wasn't that great to me. I would of liked it to be more spicier and less creamy. The portions they give are big at least. I got their burrito and I could only finish half. Its definitely crowded at even the most random times I guess (we went around 2pm on a Sat). Its a place to try if you want to see what their special sauce is about.Ok, I admit it--I'm a burritophile.  There are few taquerias or taco trucks that I haven't tried.  The Victorian house/restaurant isn't terribly assuming and the location could be nicer, but the super veggie burrito at La Victoria is absolutely my top favorite for intense flavor.  Made with their own house-made "orange sauce" salsa, these are heaven in a tortilla.  Add more of the spicy-creamy sauce bite-by-bite from the old-fashioned ketchup bottles you can take to your table and it's an orgasmically intense burrito experience.  If you, too, have a love-at-first-bite experience with their orange sauce, no need to marry it--just take it home with you at $6/bottle.  The oh-so-wrong-it's-right Chili Relleno Burrito is also worth more than a glance.  Their agua fesca fresh fruit drinks are a sweet, tasty treat, too.I love the orange sauce here. I always buy a bottle and take it home...to put on meat, pasta, pizza, everything haha.   Good stuffDefinitely will never get tired of this place! The orange sauce is great with everything. The line can get long but its worth the wait.Love everything on here!!! hehe bomb ORANGE sauce that goes with everything heheGreat fast food tacos and burritos. Place can get packed at night, better to order take out than try to find a table. The line will also be long, and full of drunk college students (even at 8pm?). I go here specifically for the orange sauce, which is deliciously creamy and spicy and greasy all at once. Yum!MmmmmMMMMmmmmMMMm.  I wish  I had some orange sauce right now.I MISS EATING HERE! When I used to drive/pick up my sis to SJSU we would stop by here! La Vics is known for their Orange Sauce! Fuckin bomb! I've tried other burrito spots that try to copy the sauce, but nahhh, nothing compares!Everything has an authentic feel to it.  The food is good and the staff is efficient.  The Orange Sauce is where it's at.This converted house is a pretty awesome restaurant, I would eat there much more often if I were within walking distance.seriously this review has been long awaited after hearing so many rave reviews about la Vic's. Unfortunately I am only able to give them 1.5 stars. I ordered the carne asada burrito and a carnitas taco and was let down by both. The tortillas were a let down, literally felt like I was chewing through rubber. And the meat looked and tasted like it had been pre-chewed by someone. The beans were really dry as well. I bought a bottle of orange sauce as well, and I have to say it's "ok". A little let down and i'm not a tough criticThis is some of the best Mexican in San Jose. The tacos with the addictive Orange Sauce is a must. I have been back many times.Regular steak burrito was 6 bucks. The there was enough meat. Some rice in the burrito was kinda hard. Wasn't really cooked well. I thought I had too much beans. The only reason why I gave this place a 4 star is because  this place is right across from SJSU!!! really close if students are craving a burrito. Also, im loving the orange sauce! tastes way better than iguanas. Just saying! Me and my best friend had good seats too. We sat upstairs near the window. Place wasn't dirty..not too much room to sit but you will be fine.i used to come here quite frequently. not so much now that i have a job away from the area and have to take care of my car. (plus i am too lazy to walk) favorite thing to order when not crowded (not meal times or when all the college students are on break) eating in:super taco with carne asada + orange sauce + medium horchataand i am a happy camper.I love this place! Best burritos ever and they will customize it to the fullest. Parking is a bit of a problem since Jack In the Box will tow for parking in their lot, but seriously it's a risk I'm willing to take to get the best burrito ever. I usually call ahead and just run in to pay and pick up.After a long night of dancing, bar hoping and drinking La Vics IS the place to be for those late night cravings. I love their Carne Asada Burritos (no sour cream) and its not the same without their orange sauce! I have to be honest before La Vics i've never liked burritos. Its not that I've never given it a chance but always thought that I didn't have the right taste buds for it. La Vics really did caught me by surprised! IDK.. its something about their spices and the way the meat is chopped that just makes it so goood. well I'm going to make this short so all in all La Vics is the SHHHIIEEEETT!The food is alright, but once you slather that orange sauce on it it changes everything. I like the quesadilla the best! But anything with that orange sauce is bomb. I swear there's crack in it. They sell a bottle of it for $6 and it may seem a bit expensive but it's worth it! Don't try to take the bottles they have there for the restaurant because the security guard will catch you. Not that it's happened to me.The quesadilla was so crunchy and the carne asada was made just right! This place is hyped up over the orange sauce but to me it wasn't amazing like I thought it'd be. It was just a normal sauce that goes well with their food. Pretty quick service, not too long of a wait.Yummmmmy!!! This is one of my favorite places to eat.The Carne asada quesadilla and super Burrito are delish.Parking isnt easy but they do have a newer location in south San Jose. That is just as yummy :) HOME OF THE ORANGE SAUCE :)))Good mexican food, there's a similar sauce in SD but i've had it here first so i'll say they copied... this place has pretty average mexican food like any other tiny spots, definitely a go to spot when around, too hyped up thoughMy first time going here and it's pretty good.buut sucks they charged me on the sauce.I was thinking it's all good I heard the food here is great.but when I ate it ... The sauce was so plain compared to iguanas sauce.I prefer iguanas over this anytime.super burritos are half the size of iguanas and it's not even good.I find myself going to La Vics less and less... Sauce has changed and the food has gotten a lot more greasy. My main reason I don't come back is because every time we decide to go to La Vics, their workers are just unbelievably rude. Just plain ridiculous.The first time I came here was many years ago, and now my mother lives literally 5 miles away. I love how late this place opens. Whenever I hate my late night munchies, I know where to go and they give large portions. The burrito is alright.. the chicken could be better, but the orange sauce is what keeps me from coming back. Honestly, i could use a whole bottle of orange sauce for one burrito. The one con (which i didn't take a star off) is that when you come with a large group of 5+, the workers still make you share one bottle of orange sauce which i think is fucking dumb. 2 people could easily kill that bottle, let alone more than 5 people?? theyre pretty strict with their orange sauce bottles and they keep a keen eye on them (i totally understand why since it's so popular), but c'mon. 1 bottle between 6 people??The only reason i am giving this a 4 Star rating is their KILLER ORANGE SAUCE. Other than that, the food is quite mediocre.  I usually only get the Super Burrito, but it isn't to die for.  Now, slap some of that Orange Sauce on that burrito, the ante goes up.  It is a good place to have some quick late night grub if you're in the SJSU area.  and also a great way to eat off a  25 mile bike ride. (Bike Party).The best late night food in down town San Jose, but it is also the only spot in down town San Jose with two locations in the area other than jack in the box. Not the best burrito I've had but at 2:30 AM in the morning it's not bad. It is famous for it's "Orange Sauce" which they also sell for about $5. You'll be lucky if you find a place to sit and if you can get into a restroom. If you're not familiar with the area parking will be difficult especially because of the one way streets of down town San Jose.La Vic's is the best!  Orange sauce is awesome!I can honestly say I've had better burritos. The only real attraction of this place is their orange sauce and the fact they give you huge chunks I meat.La Vic as we in San Jose cal it has the best Carne Asada burrito in San Jose.  They are thick, they are long, and they are packed with deliciousness.   I get the burrito, my wife gets the chichen taco and she loves them as well.  The orange sauce is really delicious and I have a bottle that I purchased in my fridge as I type.   It gets quite busy in there but it is a fun, college crowd just enjoying good Mexican food.I go several times a month and will continue to go because it is good food for a good price.One of my favorite places to eat in San Jose, the Orange sauce really sets them apart from most Mexican restaurants in the area. The nachos are a huge but tasty meal, and you can't go wrong with a breakfast burrito.Very tasty!!! Cheap!! and I like there Sauce!!best burritos and the amazing 'orange sauce'The orange sauce is the thing that is the best here.  I think the burrito's and taco's themselves are just average, but it's when you put the orange sauce that makes everything taste so awesome.  You have to come here just to try the orange sauce.  In fact, it's so coveted here that they only allow you one bottle of orange sauce per table (which is why my friend moved to an adjacent table, so he could have a bottle of orange sauce all to himself).  Well worth a try, but if you're a burrito or taco purist, there are better places in San Jose.I love their orange sauce. It is best place for late night dining. I like their super nachosla victoria = la victory ....go sharks!Good place to eat.  Always busy, you can't go wrong with anything.  Even Jeff Garcia ate their once (saw him personally).  Famous place to eat after a night of clubbing downtown.If you go for no other reason, try their hot sauce, then make sure you buy a bottle to take home.They have the best burritos around, everything is hot and tasty, but make sure you call ahead because there is always a wait.The salsa is definately the reason to come here.  It is awesome, being Mexican I have  tasted hundreds of salsa and this is my favorite.  I've only had the burritos and quesadillas and they are the perfect compliment.  I must admitt, if this salsa did not exist, I would probably not eat here because it taste like any standard taqueria and there's many closer to my home!Like another poster said, without the hot sauce, the burritos arnt really that good.however i like their nachos quite alot, and their tacos are pretty good too.great prices, great hours. just expect to wait if you try to go after midnight on a weekend :PLet call this place for what it is, a great late night/drunk food place to grab a burrito. Is it fine dining, hell no! But it sure the hell hit's the spot at 2am in the morning after a night of drinking. Splash some orange sauce on your burrito and makes your food oh soooo very yummy.Great burritos!!! amazing sauce. Love La Vics!that orange sauce is the shitznitzit is sooo bomb!  love it love it love itThis place is not as good as I remember it to be. The taste just isn't there anymore. The only thing they have going for them is their famous sauce. Without it, their burritos are just average.Yummm... The orange sauce is soo good...The food is pretty good, but it's ALL about the orange sauce.  You can put it on anything, even pasta.  It makes their food go from decent to very good.  I miss La Vic...The Super Chicken taco!!!! off the hook! the Orange salsa  gets your taste buds tingling with joy!! I go there at least  once a month and I live 10 miles from this place.I used to goto here all the time until I realized one simple fact. It you aren't here for their orange sauce, then there is no reason to come.Hey!!  "Tangy Goodness" here with my 2nd review.  So after the THIRD EYE BLIND concert at music in the park.  My buddy Kyle Helf(Youtube) and I headed out to find some grubb.  We needed to be at Iguanas around 10:30 to see my friend perform and so we first stopped at LA VIC'S.  We both got the REGULAR  EL PASTOR burrito and boy was I surprised!!  It was AWESOME!!  Very flavorful and the it was cooked very well.  The orange sauce seemed cool but I couldn't tell if it was the spice of the meat or the sauce I was tasting but it was cool either way and had a good kick!!  I've only had the burritozilla at iguanas so it's alittle hard to decided which is better but I will definitely be going back to this place.  Nice place to hang out IF you can get a seat.  RISE ABOVEThis place looks like a house that turned into some type of "restaurant." The only thing good at this place is the orange sauce.  I recommend going there for the sauce and then buy food at another mexican restaurant.La Vic's is pretty decent. Yes, I'm one of those people that love the orange sauce, and yes, I know it's probably filled with lard and copious amounts of salt. But my taste buds like it, and I can't deny that.Things that I think could be improved: Their pieces of meat are cut a bit too thick, so it all comes falling out of their tacos which can be annoying. The al pastor recipe went downhill this year - is it marinated differently? Different style of meat? I can't tell. It's kind of gross now and their al pastor tacos (and burritos) were my favorite. Also, the To-Go bags can get kind of messy with burrito/taco juice leaking out of the foil, soaking into the bag, and then dripping onto my clothing. But the food is usually pretty good, except for their nachos - I'm not into movie theater style nachos, sorry!I've eaten here for quite some time and have been driven to other places now by their continuously ever worsening service and food. This place has gone waaaaay the fuck down hill over the years. The last few times I've gone out of my way to hit La Vic up the food has been a complete clusterfuck. The tacos looked like they were put together by a blind amputee. They were soggy sloppy under stuffed crap. Just because the skeezy stoner crowd doesn't give a crap what they're shoving into their gapping maw doesn't mean other people don't either. The only thing worth coming here for is to pick up some orange sauce to put on some real food. Maybe I'll try the other location from now on but this one is off my list for good.I really like the orange hot sauce.  The food is cool when you are hammered late night but if you don't have the sauce it's just not the same.  I like this place but I do feel that they put waaaay too much beans in rice in their burritos.  If i wanted so much beans and rice then i'd of ordered a bean and rice burrito instead of a super carne asada burrito.  The nachos are good, you def. get more if you order it togo.  Of all their locations, this is the one I like the best.  My good friend however, will never eat at the one on santa clara as he got food poisoning twice. hmmmm, makes me not sure i want to eat there late night again.....Orange sauce.  Need I say more?ORANGE SAUCE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This place is the drunk guys paradise.......LOVE ITMy top menu items for this place in order: super carne asada quesadilla, super carne asada burrito, super nachos. I'm not going to write much because for this place, you just have to experience it for yourself. Definitely one of my favorite Mexican food places - it ranks up with Albatros in Lake Forest and Super Sergios in San Diego.Orange sauce - it's better than average, but don't expect too much. If you do, you will definitely get disappointed. The good thing about it is that it has flavor in addition to a subtle sting (not very spicy at all). Most sauces are just all about sting but miss out on the flavor - the orange sauce is different.Best Mexican I ever had. All vegetarian items on the menu is great. Love their spicy orange sauce.My friends & I decided to eat at La Vics, since we've never tried it before & we heard all of the hype about it. Being the noobs that we were, we got lost on the way to La Vics & had to ask a local coffee shop the directions. After walking for five minutes, we finally found it! We went on a moderately busy day around 2pm-3pm, so it was easy to find seats upstairs. I ordered a super carne asada burrito. The wait wasn't that long, about 5-10 minutes (this wait is included with my burrito & two of my friends' burritos.) From what I remember, the regular sized burrito was about $5, and the super was about $6. The super burrito was definitely worth $6! The burrito was stuffed with ingredients & of course, it was huge. I couldn't finish it all, so I brought it home, which my brother ate. -_- The famous orange sauce makes the burrito even better. I prefer La Vics' orange sauce over Igauna's.- Kind of hard to find, because yeah, we got lost. - They charge 60 cents for refills on sodas. Yeah, I know.-  May be overhyped, but it satisfies your hunger.- Although I raved about it, I've had better, but I will come back.- There are two locations! ...Which was hard for me to decide which La Vics I ate at, so I could do my review.It's all about the damn orange sauce.  I love la vics!!  the quesdillas are where it's at.. burrito wise i would probably prefer going to iguanas.  If you're ever around the area.. it's a must try.Two words - orange sauce!!!! :)As a typically SJSU student, I hear about this place all the time. I use to come here during my earlier years to grab a burrito with their orange sauce. I realized now that their burritos are mediocre. I feel that sometimes their food is too greasy for my taste and the sauce is not to my taste. Overall the food quality is fine. I prefer burritos with the tortilla with less greasy and more flavor.During the down time, the place is quite slow but don't try to go there at night especially on a weekend after the bars close, the place is usually packed with hundreds of drunkies trying to get food into their systemI love their carnitas quesadillas with their orange sauce, definitely kicks Iguana's tasteless crap. However, I definitely do not recommend their horchata, it has a weird powdery taste, go to Iguana's for nacho fries and good horchata.La Vic's has just mediocre Mexican food, but when you add their orange sauce BAM! Everything instantly becomes exponentially better. The more orange sauce you add, the better it will taste. I don't recommend buying a bottle to take home; there's something about watching the animal fat, grease, and spices separating in the bottle that grosses me out. Eat there. La Vic's is open late so it's a great place to get some food before or after you go out and have a few drinks. Can't wait to eat here again, it's always on my "to eat" list when I come home from long trips.Orange sauce! I can put that on anything! the burritos are dry but filling. The Quesadillas are just BOMB!Hands down my favorite place to get a burrito, or if I'm hungry enough, the super burrito. Add on some orange sauce with every bite, and what looks like an ordinary burrito turns into a delicious party in your mouth. If you like mexican food at all, give this place a chance.Had a Carne Asada Super Burrito late at night, there where a lot of people.  Its a house gone restaurant. Pretty good burrito, but nothing special to me. The Orange Sauce was pretty good. It made my burrito feel complete. I think I'll try something new next time.The first time I ate here, it was mouth watering and made me come back for more. I went to get some quesadillas recently and the steak tasted really dry. I assumed it was just a one time thing but I had a burrito another day and the steak was still dry. Is it just me or did they change the chef? Well other than that, LaVics is a good place to eat at. When the steak starts tasting like it used to, I'll change my ratings!Heard so much hype about this place so I had to try it out.  I found the food to be really bland, (where's the fresh herbs?)  and the orange sauce could not help it.  The orange sauce itself was pretty decent, but not great as some other mexican cream based sauces.  Everything was so dry too and the tortillas were not up to par.People rave about the sauce, but its so-so, the carne torta was a bit dry even with the sauce and the meat was bland. the burrito was alright. prices are decentI love the orange sauce. I love the super steak nachos one of the best drunken eats, Really hits the spot on a sat night after the bars. Breakfast burritos are bomb. Great after morning workouts.Made a quick stop because friends keep hyping this place up. ORANGE SAUCE. Enough said. it was deliciousSpicy food and amazing sauce!! I went to San Jose State and this is the one place I take people when they ask me what there is to eat in San JosePretty good tacos and burritos. Not my first choice. Hard to find parking at times. The best thing available is their sauce. That thing can be addicting. I took some home and poured it in my sandwich the next day.Their sauce is boss! I could honestly put that stuff on anything.Sadly the last time I was there they must have changed their recipe for chicken tacos because they were just plain nasty.This place really deserves two and a half stars but it gets the extra halfer for their orange sauce. A popular late night drunkie munchie spot in college, this place serves up a good flour super quesadilla and an filling order of nacho cheesy super nachos. Definitely not authentic and a bit greasy to taste. Their burritos are a little overrated in my opinion and have a lot of rice and beans as filler. I personally am a carnivore to the depths of my soul so I don't want to pay for handful of rice and beans with just a tad of carne asada. Again, this place does have some perks like being open late and the orange sauce but unless its late or have had a few cold ones, plenty of other options in town to consider.This is most definitely my favorite Mexican Restaurant in San Jose. I love it! The enchilada plate is HUGE, and for 9 dollars it's TOTALLY worth it. Their orange sauce is worth buying a bottle for home, and all their meat is well prepared. I recently got the lengua enchiladas, and cleaned my plate it was so good. Their burritos are fantastic, and the people are always fast and friendly, even if there's a huge line.1/26/2012came here last night with my friends, jennifer and elaine.this place isn't to die for, but the orange sauce is a must try...just for the sake of trying it. i personally don't think there's anything special about it...but that's just because i don't really like or can take spicy food. i got the al pastor super burrito last night..i didn't feel like it was so super. =/ i asked for it to be double wrapped, but it wasn't =( taste wise...it wasn't too bad, it was just missing something...i don't know what though...but yeah .. i've had better burritos.my friend jennifer got the nacho cheese fries.it's basically a norcal version of carne asada fries in socal, but not as great. maybe because socal is closer to the border =pi'd say to get this on a drunk night or something for everyone to share. i thought the fries were too thick, if they were thinner they'd be a little crispy and the dish would have some texture. on the plus side, they're opened pretty late. cheers to drunk nights and late night cravings.Seriously the greasiest mexican food in the whole world. Last time I went I ordered a veggie quesadilla. On my walk home (I live about 5 blocks away) my quesadilla broke through the paper back it was put in because there was so much grease that it soaked through the foil and bag. The tortillas always get soggy and its just never worth it. However their orange sauce is life changing so I recommend you get orange sauce from La Vics and then walk around the corner and get your food from IguanasSurprisingly not bad this time. Defiantly not my favorite burrito spot. I would prefer a stroll around the corner for some Iguanas!ORANGE SAUCE! Works on everything!!!I love  this place!!! This is one of the few MEXICAN restaurants I go to. I always have a carne asada burrito. The burrito is not dry has the right amount of beans..rice and meat. The orange sauce goes great with the food. This is the only place where I order a burrito :0)I came here after a night of drinking at Singlebarrel. I got the breakfast burrito and it was delicious!brings me back to college days...not that i ever went to college anywhere near SJ. but i had friends who did! and La Vic's orange sauce always hit the spot. aside from making your mouth hole smell rank for hours upon hours after having downed half a bottle of that sauce, there's nothing to complain about. sure, the chips are store bought and the quesadillas greasy as all hell, but that magical sauce trumps all of that!i can not thank my brother enough for introducing me to the famous orange sauce! it's vegan and you can buy bottles of the sauce to take home! i've only had their breakfast burrito with potato and egg which is a good size and tastes great when smothered with orange sauce! hope to come back here again soon!Love it! We keep a bottle of their orange sauce in our fridge at home!! Great menu options!Hip hip hooray for the orange sauce!  La Vic's has great breakfast burritos!  When I was working near the downtown San Jose location it was hard to stay away!  Yum!great place if your looking for something to eat late at night.My favorite Taqueria, Super Steak tacos are off the hook! that ORANGE sauce is sick! Sick in a good way! what the hell is in that? Burritos are great and quesadilla are thick!I love good nachos and these are. Good salsa too but I come here for the mango aqua fresca. It is sinfully good.Great place for a late night snackthere sauce is what makes there food good. the food is ok and I considered a 2 steps up from taco bell. its always crowed with rude college kids.I used to think this place is the shit and the orange sauce was the bomb... now i just think it's aiiiighht.... There are so many other better mexican taquerias, and I am now hooked on King Tacos in SoCal... they need to open shop here!!I actually think for mexican food this place is about a 3/5 but since they are open late night for college students I'd rate it a 4/5 just for convenience. They're food is ok for Mexican, I've had better but it does the jobThis La Victoria is just fine after a night of drinking but as a student at SJSU I went here many times over a 4 year period for lunch/dinner. I usually order the enchiladas but stopped coming here because they would serve the enchiladas to me and the cheese in them was not even melted. I could easily distinguish between the individual slices of the cheese and they were dry. I do like their super quesadillas but they are also just ok unless you put their famous sauce on your food, which I don't like. When they can do a better job of cooking their food I may try them again and then give an update. I have been to other locations (downtown SJ and Almaden) and usually its the same story regarding the enchiladas.Last week on Wednesday, my friend invited me to eat lunch with her and two of her other friends that were visiting the States. A few days before that, she kept telling me about a Mexican place called "La Vic's". She would describe how great their burritos were, especially their quesadillas. She would also tell me about their special spicy sauce that she loved to pour all over her quesadilla. I had never been to any other Mexican fast food place besides Taco Bell. So I was curious as to how wonderful their food really was. The restaurant was only across the street from the University I was staying at. I thought this was really convenient for those who loved to eat there like my friend. The structure of the place was very similar to a house I would usually see in a suburb. This really took an interested to me. Most of the eateries along the street were in buildings. La Vic's was nowhere near similar to the other buildings. This made the restaurant stand out from the rest. As my friend and I entered La Vic's, I noticed a huge crowd of college students forming a blob instead of a line at the counter where they ordered their food. It was very difficult to walk through the room just to go to the opposite side. I knew if we stood in line, the wait would be terribly long. Luckily my other friend was already in line placing our orders for us. Since we didn't want to stand in the crowd, my friend and I went up stairs to the sitting area to find our other friends saving a table for all of us. This area was not as packed as the place down stairs. Because I preferred to eat at places with not a lot of people, I thought this arrangement of the restaurant was very convenient.   Prepping the food took a while. Twenty to thirty minutes had passed by the time my friend came upstairs with our orders. This was a bit of a long wait for me, partially because I was starving. Some of my other friends were not given some of the extras they asked for. Because of this, they had to go back downstairs and wait in the long line to ask for it again. So far, I had thought that the preparation of the food was not handled well. On the other hand, the taste of the food was very delicious. The tortilla of the quesadilla was crisp and buttery. And the meat tasted as if it came right off the frying pan. The cheese melted in every direction, which I thought was great because I love the taste of cheese. There was also a green sauce that was poured all over the inside of the quesadilla that I thought had an interesting flavor. Overall, I can say that La Vic's is a great place too eat in terms of their food.The sauce is great but the quality of food isn't the best. Carne Asada is too salty in my opinion.the carne asada fries!!!!! a+The orange sause alone makes this place worth five stars.  Food is pretty good, used to get it from time to time while I was going to school down the street.The sauce is really all it is. Aside from that, La Vic's other perk is being open late.I truely feel sorry for people who cannot (or refuse to) enjoy La Victoria (La Vic).  La Vic, although not truely authentic mexican food, is damn good!  I lived off of this place while attending SJSU and still go back atleast once a month to get my fix.  The orange sauce is something that must be experienced to apprieciate.  My normal meal from La Vic is the Super Carne Asada Burrito along with the Super Nachos with Carne Asada and everything covered in orange sauce.  Damn, I'm getting hungry right now just typing this review.  The carnitas is an alternative for me when I'm not in the mood for carne asada but those times are rare.  If you do decide to go to La Vic, be prepared for long lines and annoying people ... I usually call ahead to cut down on the actual time I'm in the joint.  The best times to go are when school is out or late afternoon ... avoid late night trips or lunch time, the place with be packed to the walls.  Oh yeah, the breakfast burritos are killer also ... chorizo and egg!  Damn, I'm hungry now.yes! orange sauce! and another good thing, they open late, until 2am!  i heard 3am for weekend, not sure...try their super nacho.. and / or super burritovery good price for very good tasting foodalways crowded, always have long lines.I used to like their burritos but the quality of them has gone downhill. The last few times I went there the rice was really hard and they load up on beans and rice with little meat. I've tried their quesadillas and nachos and they are pretty good also. PROS: - Yummy orange sauce. - Big portions.- Opens late. You can still eat there after bar/club.CONS:- Always packed with long lines. Sometimes there are no empty seats or tables.- Sometimes their meats and rice are really dry.- They stuff the burritos mostly with rice and beans with little meat.Food's great (especially the SUPER NACHOS!!!) but the staff is very unfriendly. Oh well, everyone I take there loves the food.Good Eats! Late Nite! Open until 3AM now~~~ woo hoo can't beat that in downtown SJ.  I recommend: the $3 breakfast burritos(until 10am), the fattie super burrito, chicken soft tacos AND don't forget to add the secret orange sauce!  get a horchata or jarrito soda to soothe the burn. water is free if u ask for a cup. and getting the menu items, the ones that come with rice/beans are pretty filling too if you're looking for a hearty meal.For some reason this was the SPOT for everyone to go after bar hopping on weekends, but I can see why.The nachos were SO good I just wanted to SLAP the cook! HAHA. ok but all jokes aside, they were the best nachos that I've had BY FAR. LA VICS! Why do you have to be SO FAR?I've been coming to this restaurant for over 5 years and yes things have changed since I first came here...  to be honest the food has slimmed down in terms of portions.. a change in cooks as well as ingredients are to blame. Not to mention the 'sauce's' ingredients have changed as well... to be honest it was better a year or two upon first going there.. or possibly my taste buds have been hit with too many spices... regardless there must be some type of addictive ingredient in there for I literally crave the sauce.. although it gives me a tummy ache if I over do it.. well I stand by this small little restaurant squeezed in between a Jack in the box and a tattoo parlor.. and yes I'm an alum from state.. GO SPARTANS!  But yes good memories and good food.Love them for their Carnitas. Gone here a couple of times now and they have yet to disappoint. The service has been friendly and the tacos have been loaded and tasty. Big con is they can be a little slow, but I think it is well worth the wait.I usually order the Super Veggie Flour Quesadilla drenched in the ever so tasteful ORANGE SAUCE! The only problem is they need to find a better way to package the bottles. The times I have bought the sauce it would only last me a couple of weeks until it would go bad.Let me start off by saying that I have eaten at LOTS of taquerias, they are my ABSOLUTE FAVE place to eat. This is not good/traditional taqueria-like food. It is decent @ BEST, and they hoard the orange sauce like its gold....come on...I can make a VERY close immitation @home and it wouldn't cost me nearly what they charge to buy from them. If it weren't for the sauce, I guarantee many folks would find their food offensive.4 starssolely for the ORANGE SAUCEever since moving from norcal, ive been cravingg the orange sauceeee, but honestly, if you don't like the orange sauce, don't even bother comingg, the foood isnt that greatBest beakfast burritos in town. I have started eating at this place, when the burritos cost $1.25. I'm guessing that is 10 years ago.  Back then the breakfast burritos end at 11:00 am, but with this economy breakfast burritos ALL DAY. I forgot to mention the current price is $2.75.OK so I moved to the southbay a couple of years ago and I have been on the hunt for a good burrito which for some reason I just cannot find. Everyone always ends up with La Vics at the best place to get a burrito, because the orange sauce is awesome. So I finally took the time and went there on sunday. Maybe I was expecting a lot because it was so overhyped and I really thought it was just ok. I got the  super burrito with chicken and it really was just your average run of the mill burrito. And yes I did put plenty of orange sauce which was also just ok but nothing spectacular. Maybe I just got picky taste? The search for a great burrito continues.........I love this place! The steak burritos are the best. Orange sauce is sooooo good. You have to park on the street and sometimes walk a bit. But it is totally worth it.Granted, I've only been here while extremely drunk and just come off of a good time.... the food here has been great ! especially for the price ! the orange sauce is probably Tabasco and mayo but damn its a requirement of their food. by far best downtown after hours spot to go after a fun night out.This place is the best burrito joint in san jose and 408 area. It's truly perfect. The burritos are always consistently good. The Hours they're open is perfect for everybody and they always surprise me with new frescas and not only that, it's at a perfect price! The only thing that is bad about this place is the parking and The limited seats but what do you expect from such a perfect Taqueria?4 stars for bomb ass sauce. I would use this sauce with frozen burritos.All I can say is their quesadilas and burritos are awesome! I live close to another La vics by Almaden but the San Carlos location is by-far the best! It might be a lil overcrowded sometimes but its worth the wait. Of course I drown my burrito with the orange sauce! I recommend the Chile Verde Super Burrito! *drools*The burritos themselves are super packed with meat, beans, whatever you order.  I can never finish a whole one by myself.  To be honest, la vics gets most of its customers from it's orange sauce.  no, it doesn't taste like oranges, but its more of a spicy, creamy, "i need more" sauce that keeps you comin' back.  The quesadillas are to die for (yet a calorie nightmare shall I say).  sooo good, and only $2.50 I think?  They are fried to a crisp, with delicious salsa inside.  pour some orange sauce on that and I can call it the cheapest dinner ever. Warning. I suppose the orange sauce is loaded with msg..or maybe not, but every time after I eat there, I'm crazy thirsty for a couple of hours.   The nachos aint so hot.  The chips were stale, which killed the whole thing.    this place is usually packed late at night.  cheap food, yummy sauce, nice service, i'm down.Love the orange sauceThe food is good, but the people here are rude, and need to learn to speak even a little bit of english. And they are way too picky with their sauce and how much you get.I hail from central california and am 100% mexican, I know good mexican food. La Vics to me is only good after a evening of drinking mainly because its one of the few places open late in downtown, and a good way to avoid a hang over the next morning. But other than that its never on my selection of down town dining options. With out the addition of orange sauce their burritos are pretty lackluster. But after hours of drinking everything tastes amazing.Sausce is really good no matter you order but the burritto by itself is not that great.This place is my second fav spot for fast Mexican.  They have a to DIE FOR Orange sauce and I love their tacos, burritos and super nachos.  Prices are reasonable and they are open very, very late!   Great for a midnight hankering!!Hands down!! This place rocks!! Gettin out the club slizard in the blizzard..best spot to grab a 2 foot burrito when your drunk!! Lines are long as hell, but it dont matter when your drunk! ask for the "La Vic" burrito, its not on the menu, its one of those secret things they have..It take 1 big homie to finish it or 2 skinny bastards!....and ya, I stole a bottle of orange sauce..It taste good in my McDonalds in the mornings at work! lolI adore the orange sauce, super nachos, and super quesadilla of carne asada.Honestly, i really dont eat here that often. there is only one reason why i come here, the sauce. I usually buy up to 3 bottles. i use it on everything, also great for use in marinades!!Delicious.  I didn't even like Mexican food before coming here.  I also like their orange sauce.Their orange sauce is AMAZING, you can put it on almost anything.  However, the rest of the food is mediocre.  The burritos when I lived on campus 6 years ago were fantastic, but have gone way downhill.  Their carne asada has tons of fat and can some times taste a little over cooked, their chicken though some times dripping still takes a little dry too....  If you are looking for a good burrito I prefer Iguanas, but nothing comes close to La Vic's orange sauce..no matter how unhealthy it may be.  ;)This place is always hella good. I like that there always open late and have that amazing orange sauce. The only down side is every time I go in there there's always a long ass line. Thats why they got 4 stars instead of 5Good food and the secret goo is amazing. It can take awhile to get your food though since there is always a line and all food is cooked to order.Love the Orange Sauce. The food is always good a great place to get a burrito.  I come in during lunch time and while there are lots people in line I never felt like I had to wait long like some of the other posters.BEST FREAKIN BURRITOS EVER!  but...1) seating is limited. like..VERY VERY VERY limited. they need to remodel the place bigger or something2)parking sucksLove this place, love the orange sauce, love the food!! However, the one next to San Pedro is nicer!!Delicious! The Orange sauce is the best and I love their hours. I wish the clientele was better though; if you're not in college it can kind of be an annoying and busy scene. However, that's a good sign the food is good. Crowds = good food.Ah, La Victoria, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways... one, two, three....Like everyone says, it's the orange sauce that transforms and transfixes, metamorphoses and mesmerizes. The tacos and burritos can hold their own, but with a generous dollop of this liquid gold, it, well... yes.There's always a bottle of this stuff in my fridge, and I even took one to a weekend getaway with some friends where it quickly made the rounds one evening to adorn our homemade tri-tip corn tortilla tacos. Those who say "what's the big deal? It's just some creamy, spicy sauce" would be the same who call tacos just meat, beans and rice on a tortilla. But we know better.The main reason we like La Victoria is because of their sauce, which goes good on almost anything. Being open late is a huge plus, but they don't give free refills (which is smart from a business perspective) and they make a lot of money as it is always busy. Prices are somewhat up there but it's good food.Soooo GOOD!!!! the Sauce is the best.. I went back in the other day to buy a bottle of sauce for $6!When I visit my buddies in SJSU, we always end up here at 3AM. Yeah, I know...straight to my thighs. This place is pretty damn good for what it is.The orange sauce is AMAZING. That said, the sauce is basically a must. Without the sauce, the burritos themselves are just meh. A little bland, even. but DAT ORANGE SAUCE. I'm thinking bottle of orange sauce plus a super burrito from tacos la perla in Fremont = WIN WIN WIN. My two gripes are that parking is basically nonexistant (but it's downtown, so whaddya expect I guess) and that they close the upstairs sometimes. Seriously, if it's saturday night and the place is packed with NO seats, then why the hell WOULDNT you open up the upstairs? Grrr argle bargle so frustrating!!! :(But yeah, one of THE places to go when you're hanging around SJSU.After a long night at the club and drinking, this place is so good and hits the spot especially the burrito with orange sauce.Amazing super tacos! Burritos is awesome! I had the carne asada on both. The shredded chkn didnt look so good. Hard to find a seat but it was worth it!I was craving a really heavy, fatty burrito to eat after I was done with finals so I visited La Vic's since I haven't eaten here in a while... I hate to reitterate what everyone says, but I actually prefer La Vic's Orange Sauce compared to Iguana's smoky orange sauce. I bought a carne asada super burrito. wait wasn't that long. burritto was meh, but OHHLAWDY they packed this with a shit load of beans. damn the meat was so fuckin dry and chewy it felt like I was eating paper. you could find a better burrito somewhere else. this type of food is only good if you're drunk. I give an extra star primarily for the orange sauce.My friend took me here one night after a concert and it hit the spot! Great tacos and orange sauce, great service and cozy restaurant experience. Recommended if you're a fan of comida mexicana!It's OK. to rate a place like this any higher is straight up ridiculous. It's a 3 star fast food joint. PERIOD.orange sauce chicken burrito!!!A drunk person's heaven situated in downtown San Jose. Although their recent batches of  orange sauce seem completely different from when I was parading through downtown, it is still good but now I much prefer the green verde sauce over the orange sauce and it's spicier! Hands down, one of the best quesadillas in town. Their breakfast burritos are not bad either. Good cheap eats!Rude service, great food.I eat here frequently, the food is great. The service is fast, and my favorite item is a quesadilla. They could improve their chips though...The orange sauce is good everything else is below average. Not a fancy place where I would take someone. Go here if you have no where else to grab a bite!Orange sauce is amazing, everything else is just average.  Usually buy bottles of orange sauce and get food to pour it on elsewhere.Very good food.  We have to double check our take out order.  There is always something missing or the food is made wrong  (beef instead of chicken, rice when ordered without rice, etc).I love to go there more often but everything is salty and greasy I still go every 2-3 months I love love love the orange sauce :)food is ok, better now that they give more customization but really like there ORANGE SAUCE over the food, worth just buying the sauceI have tried much of the menu but the only thing worth getting is the quesadilla, specifically the carne asada. The place is very tiny and some would consider it to appear unclean. The service is pretty fast and the workers are nice enough. This location is open late but be prepared to run into late night party-goers such as myself.la vics is THE place for tacos and burritos in san jose, and that's without counting the amazing orange sauce you can drizzle on top. you'll wish two tacos didn't fill you up so thoroughly so your mouth could keep delectating the flavors. don't let iguanas tempt you with their ten foot burritos, they don't begin to compare to la vics. quality over quantity, always- though their portions are pretty hearty too. the line can be intimidating, but in my experience has always moved quickly, and your food will be ready before you know it.Nice! I just got a Steam Wallet card code for FREE! :D steamwalletcodes.comBlah blah yadda, they use bad meat. Yadda yadda blah, they have great organge sause. Yabba Dlay ole, they have long lines and take a while to make things when you're drunkest and need to go pee. Don't park in Jack in the Box because cops like to hang out there and bust you.But that's what's cool about this join - everyone seems to be in the same state of mind as you when you're ordering. When you come drunk, everyone else seems drunk. When you come mind f'd after finals, everyone else seems dazed and confused. Kinda weird, not going to lie.Unsung heros of the menu are the quesadillas and the little chain that blocks off the upstairs. I have no idea what's up there, and I swear i can easily hop over/break through that dinky chain, but for some reason i haven't. Ten points to whomever can tell me what's beyond that chain, i assume its where they make the cheese sauce, from melted craft singles and a can of cayan pepper.Mexican hat dance!orange sauceeverything else is no buenoi get the shits everytime i go here..... CHORrrrO  for the winYOu got to try this ORANGE Sauce! it is the bomb for reals...although they only gave me one to go last time i went so this time i went i made them pay.....each bite i took i pilled the orange sauce...hahahha i almost killed the hole bottle! I wonder what is there secret with the sauce! The serivce suck but the food was fantastic!This place is bomb! I came here after the club and although it took forever to get my food it was well worth the wait!!! That orange sauce was so Freaking GOOD I almost died.... This place is good. Food is Great. Prices are cheap..... If I didnt live in Oakland, I would be there a few times a week!My brother swears this place is the bomb, so I went to try it for the first time last year.  I ordered a chicken burrito and was very dissatisfied. It was WATERY!  It was literally dripping chicken juice (or something), it's like they forgot to drain the stredded chicken.  And this was before I even used their famous orange sauce!  I really couldn't critique the actual taste, because I was too busy soaking up juice with my napkin. Needless to say, the tortilla was soggy.  He said I should give it another try and maybe try the carne asada instead... If I happen to be in the area, I'll give it another shot, but I'm not going out of my way for it.  You only have one chance to make a good first impression and well...they blew it.orange sauce is awesome! i wish i had the recipe!i think i go through about  a bottle a week at home! and great food for great prices.asada nachos are the best!La Vic is spelt O.r.a.n.g.e.s.a.u.c.eBurrittos are ok, but the Orange sauce is something else! They sell it by the bottle too.And they even have orange sauce police - who makes sure you dont have more than one bottle at a table any given time :)If you go late night you will have to wade through a bunch of drunk college kids but when you have the orange sauce craving, it doesnt matter!Orange sauce!!!!!!!The burritos are good, I've had better. But it's the Orange Sauce that makes them oh so tasty! That sauce is pretty good, I put that stuff on for every bite! I know that some people even steal those bottles! Yes they do have cameras, and they won't let you back in if they see the face a person who stole a bottle of their precious sauce, that's what a friend told me. They sell them for $6 a bottle. You can even take those little containers of sauce to go. Yeah I made the mistake of forgetting to take some, and I was stuck with just the burrito. And I realized that the burrito is nothing without the orange sauce. So go there and if you don't finish your burrito, don't forget to take home the Orange Sauce!Worst burrito I've ever had. I was slightly buzzed still from the bars downtown...that didn't even help a little. I used to eat here when I went to SJSU and I got the veggie burrito. I gave it a star only for the nostalgia. My burrito smelled like dirty dish water, tasted almost the same. And to top it all off I tried something new with the chicken. It might as well have been rope. It was so tough I almost pulled out a filling and my jaw was sore!! I ended up having to just pull the chicken out and eat the beans. Boo for La Vics! I'm sad it's gone downhill and they think quality can decline at night.i heard from ppl that it was REALLY REALLY good but it was okay.i thought it was gonna hit the spot but it didn't. the service was fair. too crowded. full of drunk stupid ppl.avoid going there on thursday night.Open til 3. Orange sauce.Convenient hours and location do not make up for possible food poisoning and an OVERRATED orange sauce that I hear is nothing but mayo and grill grease. There, I said it.Used to be the best around. But recently they have gone from good to bad to inedible . The sauce is a joke and watered down to something horrible. The burritos are nothing but tortillas filled with oh not filled but dipped in salsa and if you are lucky u might find some meat in it. I miss the old reliable la vic. RIPThis place has subpar Mexican food to say the least but their orange sauce makes it worthwhile to come here. Without that sauce this place would get 1 star and nothing more. If you want a late night ass buster then go here.If I could give the orange sauce a review of its own, it'd get an easy 5 stars, but La Vic's just doesn't hold a candle to all the other options near by with better food for a better price. Staff usually seems like they're tired of their customers. Ironic no?Love their chicken quesadillas with their orange sauce. perfect!As a student at SJSU all i can say is that i am glad that this place is so close to campus. I love the super burritos here and the orange sauce is amazing.I am very surprised not to see a better rating for la vics, wonderful food awesome little place to go and eat. and there orange sauce is one of a kind i could put that stuff on anything. if your looking for a burrito you wont forget this is the place to go.La Vic is famous place for the Spartans to come eat for Lunch and Dinner. It is crowded, so findind a spot is not always easy. We get the burrito and nachos. This place is famous for its orange sauce, which is slightly tangy and spicy. (Don't add too much if you can't handle spiciness) The price is decent for its food.Ill keep it short and to the point.Pros- Orange Sauce: DELICIOUS- Chicken Quesadilla: BOMBCons- Burritos: SUCK, better luck going to the place behind La Vics for the actual burrito- Service: TERRIBLE, super stingy on orange sauce, literally had the waitress grab the bottle of orange sauce out of my hand, poor the free ones they give you on the table and say "Use your own!"- Prices: BELOW AVERAGE, they have been steadily making the burritos pricer every year. without the orange sauce I 100% would not recommend this place.Fantastic! The Carne Asada Super Burrito is great and its very speedy service. The Orange Sauce is the best hot sauce I've had outside of my Mom's homemade.The burritos are tasty.  Don't miss their red hot sauce.  The tacos I would rate 2 stars.Meh. I've experienced better.Exactly this.  I didn't like it. I've gone more than once, given it a second chance, and it just isn't very good. The place is nice, very clean, the cashiers are sweet; but the food, eh. I've ordered lengua tacos and carnitas tacos.  My brother got the nacho cheese fries with carne asada.  I got an agua fresca--fresa, admittedly this very hard to pull off because strawberries will go bad within hours.  I give them props for trying.  But you could taste the bits of spoiled strawberries in my drink and it had a lot of sugar.   I was hungry, I ate all my food, I am full; but I have had better and don't plan on returning.Also it was $18 for two tacos, the nacho fries, and two aguas frescas.  Not a lot but since I didn't enjoy my food, it was a bummer.Orange Sauce makes this place a 5*.  If you don't dig the orange sauce, I'd suggest you get your Mexican food elsewhere.Why 4 Stars?3 Stars for being average...and 1 additional star for the orange sauce.I only eat here because of the orange sauce. Without the orange sauce, its just another average burrito. Big portioned though, I usually share it and i'm still full from just half.I tried the super nachos...it sucked. I will not try that ever again. Not enough meat, too much cheese. I ordered SUPER nachos not REGULAR nachos, and it was a dollar more than the super burrito. I personally would have gone with the super burrito.The orange sauce is great but my order is never right. Last time I went I literally got a rice, lettuce, sour cream burrito. I could have made that at home...A good place to get food after hanging out in downtown late hours. The food is ok, but what makes me like this place is just the damn orange sauce. I rather go to La Costa for great Mexican food, but if I am in downtown I go here for my last night hunger.Fav pre-sharks game grub!  Luv the shreddred chicken quesadilla...smothered in orange sauce!  We drive the 2 hours just to buy extra orange sauce to keep at home...uh-maaaazing!This place has been my Favorite Mexican Restaurant in San Jose since I 1st found it about 20 years ago. I recommend the Chile Relleno!!! it will blow your mind. Try the Horchatta.the only reason this isn't getting a One-Star rating from me is because it's near my school, inexpensive and the wait wasn't that long.  I can't be very favorable for the flavor and texture of their meats.  The first three bites are decent to lure you in, but the rest of the burrito is one big disappointment.  Anyone who thinks the best tacos are here hasn't had a legit taco at all.  (Trust me, I grew up in Mexico til I was 10, with continuous flights thereafter)  I've had the carne asada and the pastor meats here (which are the foundation of the meats found in Mexican food)  Asada is plain, and pastor is soggy.  I hate to say this but I guess the only good taco places are the ones where you only see non-English-speaking Mexican people - even I hesitate from going to those places, but the taste makes up for the awkwardness.  I hope all mexican foodies can grow the gut to the aforementioned types of restaurants/trucks/stands,  you guys won't be disappointed!Great prices for the food!  Overall, pretty good Mexican food and as other reviewers have said the orange sauce is absolutely delicious.  Definitely will keep going back.Food is great don't get me wrong, but the service experienced here is horrible. Super burrito comes out to $7.01 after tax and cashier was hesitant to let a penny slide. Let alone no water is served past 8 pm on busy nights, staff is consistently rude.. This is a service industry, get with the program.Order the carne asada super quesadilla floor tortilla. It's gotta be the most amazing quesadilla I have ever had! I love the burritos- carne asada! The line is normally long so come during off hours. Try the orange sauce, it's not the same every time just because they use real peppers (I think) and the heat level changes. The nachos and plates are also worth trying!Check your Super Burrito! Every time I order a super burrito i receive a regular burrito (no guac, or extras). This has happened several times. I don't enjoy getting home and discovering I payed extra for a regular burrito.Great tacos and burritos. Love their salsa!My girlfriend and I live in LA, but we love La Victoria's orange sauce, so we bought two bottles to take with us. $6.00 a bottle seemed a little pricey, but worth it, we thought. Unfortunately, the bottles the sauce comes in are the cheapest pieces of shit known to mankind. They're always clogging, and we'd constantly need to shake and slap the bottle to get any orange sauce to come out. There's also no way to close the nozzle, so you need to wrap it in tin foil to keep it fresh in the fridge. Then one time, when trying to unclog the bottle, the entire side of it cracked open and spilled all over the table. They're clearly very, very cheaply manufactured and not the ones they use in the restaurants. You'd think that for something La Victoria charges $6.00 for and which probably doesn't cost them that much, they could afford to use bottles that aren't bottom-of-the-barrel. 1 star until they stop using cheap bottles.Prices are great, food quality is excellent.  Orange sauce rocks, even though many have gambled at what the ingredients might be.  Respect the sauce.  Breakfast burritos are the best, but everything on the menu is authentic.The chicken tacos are pretty good and that's why I'm giving this place 2 stars. However, one of the ladies who works there is so incredibly rude. I ordered a grilled chicken taco and they gave me a shredded chicken taco. So after getting my order,  I very politely told them that I asked for grilled chicken, not shredded chicken. She gives me a dirty look and says to me that she heard me say I wanted shredded chicken and argued with me about what I supposedly ordered. Why would I order shredded chicken when I absolutely hate shredded chicken?We love the burritos and stop by 2-3 times a month.  They get your order fast (when there isn't a long line), the cook prepares good food consistently and the people there seem to like what they're doing.  Works for us!3 Stars because the burritos are aight... the nachos are okay... the ORANGE SAUCE is BOMB!!even if it weren't for the orange sauce, this place is generally open till 3am.love the tacos and orange sauce-and the girls working are great looking!!it's too bad this place has such bad service.  Because there food is really good.  But to be honest is it worth being treated like crap to get a burrito.  I mean come here when you are drunk for sure; because you won't remember how awful they were to you.  But if you come during the day, sober, and lets say you order something with no beans because you don't eat beans.  And lets say you bring it back because it totally has tons of beans in it....and how bout first you wait in line AGAIN, and then you explain to them that it is WRONG, and instead of apologizing they do the following: humiliate you by saying you are lying, hold up the line to look for your old ticket to see what you actually ordered, and then when they realize that they screwed up, make you WAIT next to the register, refuse to give you a new number, and take 10 minutes to remake your burrito... laughing the entire time.  I think some of the employees may be possessed... there is no way real people treat other humans this way.  So yes, if you are drunk go eat here, hopefully blacked out and can't remember how bad you were treated..  But if you are sober prepared to run the risk of being treated like crap and having to remember it.  Rant = completed.Great mexican food, not so clean - overflowing trash receptacle...seems to be the standard in California.this place flat out sucks!  it is way overhyped.  the sauce everyone talks about is nothing special.  the carne asade is chewy and barely edible.  the place is cramped and loud.  there are many better mex places than this.This is probably one of the most overated mexican places to eat i've ever encountered. Everyone gives this place good ratings for its ORANGE SAUCE. Ok ill have to admit the sauce is riduclously good however it doesnt make the food spectacular. The different kinds of meat on its menu pretty much taste all the same FLAVORLESS. Its sad to say but this place only does well becuz its open late and all the drunk folks dont know any better. If i could give this place ZERO STARS i would. Its amazing how ppl on yelp are so generous with their stars.two words: orange sauceWorst customer service ever. The people that works here are incredibly rude. The only great thing about this place is the hot sauce.this place is SOOOOO OVERRATED. i see NOTHING GOOD about this place, not even the damn orange sauce! the orange sauce isn't even flavorful, it just tastes like saucy fat! i would never come here by choice, and would only eat this after a night of drunkenness in downtown sj, when nothing else is open.So..it was late and we had a hankering for a taco...so since we were at the Brit and ready to go...we decided to flow over to this dive. We ordered nachos and a chicken burrito. The nachos were straight out of a Costco bag....stail, hard, thick, round, and tasted terrible. They tried to drown the taste with tons of salt. (I don't salt my food...so I would appreciate it if restaurants wouldn't do it for me (light salt is ok)). The cheese was liquid cheese straight out of a soup warmer. NOT real cheese but some chemicals with cheese flavoring.....what you would get out of a can at Costco. Mostly used by none profits for baseball games and things like that................NOT a Mexican restaurant. Next was the chicken burrito. Yuck....very runny with liquid dripping out of it...were did that come from? It was rice, beans (hard), and chicken. What part of that is liquid? The burrito was thick wheat like flour. Terrible. Will not eat hear again. BTW we did ask for our money back on the nachos...she gave back our money with a bad attitude....poor service too. Didn't even care or ask why. Because they don't care. If I return it will be to see if they improved their food quality. Ill let you know.good but not the jamaicaWhile I love this place, the guac isn't my fav. The grilled chicken is way better than their regular chicken and the horchata is amazing! One thing they have going is AMAZING breakfast burritos!My first time at La Victoria.  I had a Cane Asada Super Burrito.  Not a lot of meat.  Lots of Rice.  The innards were luke warm to cold.  For some reason from reading other reviews I thought the Orange sauce was going to have an orange-y taste not just colored orange.  Duh.  I really enjoyed the orange colored sauce anyway.  I don't think I'd go back unless I lived or worked in the area. - Update.  Got ill from the burrito.  So I down grade to uno star.well what to say....food is good...but you gotta stand in that crammed line and get it....also place is not very clean...they have their coke machine outside but they charge money for refill thats ridiculous...but i love their chips and salsa and also their orange sauce. but dude don't tip them they are so arrogant people out there.....i love lengua tacos, hurchata, orange sauce. damn fine eats.lousy burritos.  i agree with the statement "most overrated place in san jose".  if you come in late at night, they'll stuff it full of rice and beans because they think you're faded and won't know the difference.  i also don't see the hype in their orange sauce.  doesn't taste too bad, but there's no kick to it.i am simply addicted to the orange sauce!Foods decent, all meat so the guys I know love it!  Would prefer not to eat here if given a choice because I like my veggies and spices that make things not all taste the same.all the food here is average, but what makes it one of the best is it's secret sauce. not sure what they put in it but that thing is mouth watering. best place to go to after going out in downtown san josegood burrito,excellent sauce!  Without the sauce, the burrito is good, but nothing to go there for.  The sauce makes the burrito!!!  I didn't realize they have a large upstairs dinning area with booths, which is good for kids to run around and have some space.I never understand the hype about this place. The food is inexpensive but not very good. What kind of a real taqueria serves stale chips and shredded chicken instead of pollo asada? Students on a budget often this joint, but not me. I'd rather pay a little bit more and get grilled chicken and some fresh, even greasy chips. Now that I think of it, you can judge the quality of a Mexican food joint by the chips-give me the home made ones any day.used to take fourth street to work everyday....love this place....right on the way....i get up early just for it there's another place i think on santa clara but i love this place.....always got the breakfast burritos.....yummmmmmiiiieeeeethis place is known for their orange sauce.hands down.la vic's is definitely the place to be at after a night out in downtown sj.  the only thing i ever get are the carne asada tacos and thus far, they're the best tacos i've ever had!.. especially with their awesome orange sauce!  yummm.   i dont think ive ever tasted their burritos or the other food, but seriously, their tacos rock!an awesum 2am meal in san jose when your in a drunken stooper state of mind~i dont think ill ever go here sober...when im partying down @ santana row or dtown san hoe....im always ordering the tostada...that portion they make is huuuge/stacked with all the goods...only downfall was this lil wana be brown thug that kept sayin "shark city, shark city dog what what"....I had the munchies and was hammered. I ate 3/4 a bottle of Orange Sauce at 2 am with the super nachos.... but it was cool because pretty much everyone else in there was drunk too...The only negative was that I had heartburn for the next day :(  5 stars for heartburn!The "Super" Veggie burrito sucks here.  First off, there is nothing "Super" about it.  They also do not take the 2 seconds that it takes to strain all the water off the lettuce before they put it in the burrito, so you get a wet and sloppy burrito.  Although the orange sauce is good, 7 bucks is definitely not worth if for a disappointing burrito that probably very unhealthy to begin with.  I will go to iguanas next time or just make my own.  I just had to edit this to say I just finished my burrito and the end was disgusting.  So much juice pored out.  I will never go here again unless I am starving and there in nothing else open or I am very drunk.i love la vic's especially after a good night of drinking in downtown sj!  the orange sauce is my favorite!  the burritos are huge and cheap!!  their super nachos and quesadillas are also great!  this place is open really late which makes it an ideal spot to head to after you hit the bars.. there is a new location on santa clara street which is just as good.  the chicken tends to get a bit runny so i usually get the carne asada.ahhh, la vic how i miss u. those thursday nights at 2am after getting hammered at tres. the super chicken quesadilla with a shitload of orange sauce. the random homeless "bouncers" at the front. u need to expand to sf yo. or at least deliver!!! :P seriously, if it was possible to make love to a restaurant, i would make sweet passionate love to la vic.Simply great taco/quesidias/burritos with really good saucei don't really understand why "la vic", as the locals call it, is put on such a pedestal. i feel like a jerk posting it with a mediocre rating amongst such rave reviews, but i really didn't see what was so great about it. the carnitas burrito was good, but nothing exceptional as had been described to me before eating there. i didn't see it as being any better than several other little no-name taquerias that i'd been to in the area. yes, the orange sauce DOES kick ass. i got an extra serving of it to take home and put on a burrito from the little taqueria down the street and was quite happy. oh and i don't know if there was something wrong with the fountain, but the horchata was absolutely awful. i couldn't even finish it.IGNORe all the negative ratings about this place!  LA VICTORIA is BOMB!  The food here is good - especially the breakfast burritos. The chicken meat is hard.  But I like their carne asada.  Writing this review makes me hungry!  OH did I mention their orange sauce? I love it. U can buy a bottle for six bucks. My all time fav is their carne asada quesadilla. The only down fall is they get every busy and it's very crowded and loud.  Understandable  because The state university is across the street.its all about the orange sause! man that sause is addicting! their burritos are pretty darn good too. i like the chorizo burrito, with the orange sause ~ thats it for me! just dont let me talk in class after a la victoria meal ~ without a gum or sumthin'.completely-frickin-overrated.the place is dirty. like, touch the table and you'll get hepatitis dirty. my guess is it's kept running only because of it's patronage by desperate local collegiates.salsa was watery and tasteless. chips were stale. carne asada burrito was completely mediocre... c'mon, folks, it's a burrito you can get at any halfway decent dive, provided they haven't been shut down by the heath inspectors. and the orange sauce?!? IT'S JUST CREAMY HOT SAUCE WITH GARLIC.get over it already! and once you are, please, do us all a favor and go get some real food.i actually thought my burrito was very average. nothing to jump up and down for, which is soo sad because i LOVE burritos!! my peeps are saying that  i done F'ed up?! i guess the special orange sauce is where it's at? in my opinion, a burrito should be bangin', sauce or not. maybe i'll try um again, maybe i won't....food is not good at all! the sauce is used to mask the crappy food.food is alright i just love the orange sauce they have its the best sauce ever thats the only reason why the food taste good with out the sauce its alrightDisgusting and overrated. The burritos are not good at all and the  service is crap too. They always managed to screw up my order when I didn't know any better and used to eat there. Oh, and the dining area is always so dirty and sticky. Blech!i have a change of heart guys.. after being excited to finally eat la vics, because i havent had it in a reallly long time, i mean, im talking about a year, i was soon shocked that it didnt taste all that great to me anymore. my usual order here is the quesadilla. it didnt have that yummy taste anymore. even if i did put a lot of that infamous orange stuff, it didnt work wonders for my taste buds anymore....there food is the bomb!! man.......the place was packed !!!!!!!!!! I had to wait but...it was well worth it!! well I orderd a carne asda (hope I spelled that right) burrito...it was big and tasty...yuuuuuuummmmmmmy...the  Orange Sauce was tha bomb yayah!  well i love this place and it is fosho the best  Taqueria spot in the south bay!!!!awesome food!!crammed, loud, orange sauce is totally overrated - i didn't think it was anything special. the beef in my carne asada burrito was chewy and flavorless. my burrito was all rice except two bites of beef on each end. i'd go to rubio's before coming here again.both the food and the ambience of this place are horrible...honestly people aren't coming here for the food, they're here for the orange sauce....no shit food is gonna taste good when you're drunk....anyways just buy a few bottles and put it on food you get somewhere else.Nothing much here to rave about. I ordered their nachos, but it was about as good as Iguana's right around the corner. Yeah, I had some of their orange sauce, too. I don't get what all the hype is about. Methinks they're running on reputation more than just serving up good food these days.It's only good when you are staggering home from the bar, and only then if you put lots of orange sauce on the food. I usually just buy the orange sauce and go to a better restaurant. Don't leave the sauce out for a weekend though, it bubbles out the top and looks sickening. Talk about a nice surprise after a vacation.I'm sad to say but I have just received the worst service ever here. I have been coming here especially to this location because I purely love the vibe and downtown atmosphere. Today I was craving my normal breakfast bacon and egg burrito, yumm! I drove downtown just to get my fix, I stood in line over 15 min and then was then quickly helped. I was fine with the normal rush and waiting especially at lunch hour and being next to a college. I hear my number being called. :) yeah!! Asked for some orange sauce that they complementary give you, only to be given 1, really one? I was upset because me standing there waiting for my food I witnessed everyone else getting 4 or 5 samples of orange sauce WTF! I'm hungry so grab my food and leave to my car to drive home 20 min away. Only to arrive home and bite into a burrito filled with meat and salsa, that I didn't order!! Now having an un pleasant taste in my mouth that I cant seem to get rid of, I'm still left to be hungry , irritated and spent gas to buy a burrito that I didn't order.. Thanks La vics  Sigh...fuck food is really good if your drunk ,but beware it will make your ass explode.............Holy mother of God! Cliff introduced me to this place and I gotta burn this in: mother effin orange sauce! You can put it on your armpit and it'd still be tasting excellent. I had some carne asada burrito with the orange sauce and my mouth proclaimed its love to me. I can see why this is THE downtown San Jo' late night post-debauchery spot.It's really about the orange sauce. I don't care if it's got crack in it. It's flipping tasty. The carne asada taco's are the best thing on the menu. Be prepared for a wait at those busy times but it goes fast and there are some great people there to mock I mean check out. Have fun with it. La Vic is yummy no matter dine in or take out.take the orange sauce away and you have nothing.Ask for the orange sauce!!went there for breakfast, and the burrito was amazing!  made better by the hot sauce which is a must have.  can't wait to go back for dinner!great place for late night hunger. honestly, the food is just regular Mexican to me. it's the ORANGE SAUCE that is so AMAZING!!Orange sauce ..... I must have it.....Dane Cook - "Orange sauce all over my body"the orange sauce is worth the 40 minute drive, the carne asada burrito is solid on its own but the sauce really makes it happen, same goes for teh super nachos, solid but with the sauce, amazingorange sauce!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Victorias Secret might be this small place downtown san jose called LA VICTORIA! This small itty bitty place packs a HUGE punch with their famous ORANGE SAUCE! Sauce izz da boss! My rec is to eat at LA VICS so that you can enjoy the unlimited orange sauce on anything you order. This sauce really is boss and it makes most items on their menu that much better. Actually to put it in my own words it like mexican food on steroids once you put on that sauce. My favorite thing to get here is the SUPER QUESADILLA with carne asada! It comes out hot / juicy / crispy / and once you add some orange sauce it might be good as biting into a york peppermint patty! This place is kind of already known for one of the top spots after a night out partying in downtown sj. Also really popular with the SJSU students. I have alos tried the burrito but wasn't a huge fan of the super burrito. The carne asada fries is pretty good here.Overrated,  The food is very average.  Everyone just drowns their burritos in their orange sauce and claim it's the best burrito around.  Nobody can actually taste the food in the burrito, hence why they probably don't put a lot of effort to make it taste great.  I'm not saying the food is bad (I honestly think it's harder to find a bad Mexican restuarant than a good one), it's just not as great as what everyone makes it out to be. The staff is also rude as hell, granted they do have to deal with a lot of obnoxious people on a daily basis...but its still annoying.yummy...good foodI was here with my co team and one of your co worker, a petite stature woman in mostly ponytail sneered at me for having a soda in a water cup which whom my friend poured of from his soda cup. I said I didn't got any from the machine and it was from my friend's and she said she don't care and throw away the cup or pay a dollar something for the soda cup. I want her fired! everyone at the store were disgusted by her attitude. I'm going to tell to the other cops not to go here anymore for a bad manner advertisement.i make a trip here once in awhile just to pick up a bottle of the orange sauce... $6 a pop is pretty outrageous... i dunno why, but i still get it.  goes great with those store frozen taquitos - deep fry at home and serve with THE sauce.  or chicken nuggets.  and all other burritos that i bring home.came here for lunch the first time to see what the orange secret sauce was all about.  this place is great!  really crowded during lunch hour but i thought my super flour chicken quesadilla was delish.  the flour tortilla was cooked to perfection - nice and crunchy on the outside.  the marinated chicken was good and that orange sauce is yum.  parking sucks during lunch.  there's always the garage but you have to pay unless it's after 6pm.  i will definitely come back again!I went in on a Sat afternoon and asked for a quesadilla with only cheese beans and rice. My boyfriend asked for a carne asada burrito only asada beans and rice. Did not realize till after that they had charge me almost $8 dollars for a plain quesadilla!!!!!!! Wow . And the quesadilla had barley any cheese and beans and rice. $1.50 extra for each item and the extra cheese. Went back to a cashier named "Mauricio " which I think he gave me a fake name. I told him I "asked for extra cheese"  he responded their is extra cheese their was no cheese.Then I asked if you think that's extra cheese then I would like my money back I paid $8 for a plain quesadilla. He said I'm not giving you a refund. Wowowoowowooeowooooooooo this is not the only time this has happend.Then I remember ohhhhhh that's why I don't come here their customer service is shit and soooo is their food. Would soooooo rather eat a Chipotle anytime. Do not recommend this place at all. Not worth the wait, time or money.the original la vic (but i love the newer 2nd location on santa clara & san pedro).   i love the burritos & tortas there (especially the lengua & the carnitas).  you can't see it, but they cook everything to order (unlike an old burrito institution that was shut down by the health dept located across from mcdonalds inside/next to cafecito).   and best of all:  regular burritos are still under $4.  the orange sauce is great too (they sell em for $6 a bottle if you care to take one home).  i always eat the first half of my burritos here without the sauce (so i can enjoy the unaltered flavor), then i kill the other half with the sauce (and lots of it) for fun.   make sure you try the tortas too!  and if you're lucky, they'll have strawberry fresca.  on SOME occasions, the burritos will be sopping wet either from beans not drained well or oily rice, but thats a rarity.   cheers...  -nick2kas far as burrito joints go, this is special. the carnitas are well cooked and spiced. if they get that right then i'm sold. beyond the good carnitas, they have this orange sauce. it's a creamy salsa-type sauce that 'kicks it up a notch'. it's unique to most other burrito joints. so now i come here and nowhere else for my lunch time get away. it's near, it's convenient and it's solid. they make a really good horchata too.the orange sauce is what makes their food good. i've heard horror stories and rumors about this place. i've also had a few bad experiences with their food - all to the point where they had to remake my order. the more i eat here, the more disapointed i am. it defintely gets packed since it is one of the only late night restaurants in downtown sj. the last time i ate here (which was only 3 days ago), the wait for my veggie burrito was about 35 mintues.  all sjsu students eat here at one point as do all the drunk clubbers that need to refresh themsevles from all the thizzin and freaking they do. the second location (on santa clara) gets just as busy and doesnt ease the crowd at the san carlos location. i would tell anyone to try the food and dont forget the orange sauce...but mexican food does get better the closer you get to the border.only been here once.  everyone talks about the orange sause.  i had a burrito it was ok not the best. but like half the ppl there cover their food with this orange sause. i dont think it would drive all the way to san jose for orange sause.pretty good i was super drunk but the orange sauce was pretty awesome.  my husband loved the quesadillas, just steak and cheese, he was drunk too though haha. maybe we'll try it one day when we aren't drunk and can actually write a fair review.The three stars is for the orange sauce. The food is fine but the orange sauce is awesome.  I have seen various ideas on what it is made off. I don't know about chorizo grease and the rest. The one thing I can tell you is it has a ton of raw garlic in it. You can get a similar spicy bite from yogurt, cilantro, raw garlic and green chilies.Honestly not sure what the big hype about La Vics is.. I've tried it twice already and I'm not impressed! The orange sauce is nothing special, the parking is horrible, and the decor/atmosphere just turns me off.seriously, please go here, this food is so deliciously greasy i almost want to get on the caltrain to san jose right now. and DO get their mysterious orange sauce. you will not regret this life changing decision.hmmm best quesdillas! i'm not a huge fan of burritos but that orange sauce is the best! i buy it and put it on everything at home! get the super quesdilla with chicken! yum! this place is especially good at 2 in the morning! :)over-rated. their super quesadillas are okay, their reg quesadillas are alright for being so cheap, their burritos are nothing special, and their tortas don't stand out. orange sauce is just extra fat, nbd. they don't even have free chips/salsa and charge you for soda refills.i used to come here a lot, but there are just so many better mexican food places to eat at.  still i do come here, i mean the food is alright, nothing fancy or special.  just ok, but the special hot sauce they have is what really makes it good.  i mean, if this sauce was sold at stores, i think this place wouldnt have too many people here, but because its not, it tends to get quite packed especially on the days where people go clubbing.  i went tonight and it was pretty dead.  never really seen la vics like that.  haha overall opinion, i guess its worth trying once, but living in san jose where theres a taqueria everywhere u go, im sure ud find something better.  oh well enjoy! ;Dim not really a big fan of la vic's.. its all to talk about at school. maybe a few stars for the orange sauce that makes up the food but nothing else cuts it. it's so unhealthy and oily that after you step out you see new pimples growing out of your face! maybe the best time for this is if you were so hung over you didn't notice the oil and thought it was water! I also don't like the way they to-go their mexican pizza, thats what I like to call it! (: all wrapped like a burrito, no thankyou!I tried the Super Taco and Super Quesadilla.  The taste and texture were okay except for the fact that it was salty to the point where I cringed at every bite.most say it's over-rated, but I think it's a good place. famous for it's sauce because it's better than Iguana's next door, but their burritos are a tiny bit not as good as Iguanas.great sauce ... that's what i remember!the orange sauce is the best.  i love the quesadillas!i came here all the way from fremont after reading good yelp reviews. the orange sauce definitely isnt THAT good. it was alright, i liked how it wasnt doused in grease, tasted fresh.overrated. but still good. i'd rather go to iguanas around the corner to get it for cheaper with the 10% discount. but i guess if youre all bout the orange sauce, stick with la vics. san jose taquerias def top any city's burritos..maybe just with the exception of la..the other home of little tijuana...this place is OK, but if i hear one more friend yap about their stupid sauce ima go crazy, its not THAT good, mix som freakin mayo with some spicy red salsa couple spices n theres ur frakin orange sauce yippie dooOoOOOoGreat Mexican restaurant. Love the orange sauce!! La victoria is the best.quite possibly the best and tastiest burritos in california. don't expect a fancy restaurant, you order and take out or sit if you're lucky enough to find a table. the place can get packed with students and/or people wanting to sell you a mind altering substance, but don't let that deter you or you'll be sure to miss out!i'd somewhat have to agree with the good and bad reviews on here. as good as La Vic's is... it is somewhat overrated! i've had better mexican food at better whole in the wall places! but for what it is i can't complain all that much! though the times i've gone they never seem to get my order correct when i order my burrito and say "No Salsa" only to find out when i get home that its loaded up with salsa! :-( not cool seeing as i get sick when i eat anything thats renotely spicy! overall its a good place!People have talked about this place for months before I actually tried it.  I got the vegetarian burrito and it was pretty good but I've had better.  The orange sauce was good.  The prices were fair, but the business hours are the most convenient.  I would recommend this place but don't expect too much.I've only ever gotten the carne asada super burrito and it blows my mind every time.  I get two everytime I go, one for now and one for the fridge.  As everyone has already said, the orange sauce es muy bien.Eggs simply can't be cracked here after 11 a.m.Every time I eat here, the next day my digestive system tells me in subtle and not so subtle ways not to go back.  Despite this well intentioned advice, I seem to wander back in there - usually under the influence.  Being low on supplies one morning, my guest and I decided to walk over to La Vic's for breakfast.  Morning, on this day, began around 10:00 and started at a leisurely pace.  We got out of the door around 11 and arrived at La Vics shortly thereafter.  Upon ordering breakfast burritos we were informed that breakfast burritos were not served after 11 a.m.  Eggs being the only special ingredient required in the preparation of breakfast burritos we concluded that eggs simply can't be cracked here after 11 a.m.  We both caved and ordered a chicken quesadilla and a vegetarian burrito.  I expect this sort of rigid adherence to an artificial time-table ordained from on high at a large corporate chain, not a local Mexican restaurant.orange sauce is a must. its the only reason everyone comes back.dude. the orange sauce... theres something special in that thing. its so good that i had to buy a bottle for my house...Steak tacos with the mystery orange sauce.  Yum.  The sauce gets hotter as you eat it, you're starting to sweat and don't know why you are dousing more of that crap on your taco.  Addicting....This place is very small.  There are only a few tables to eat.  I ordered a carne asada burrito.  The pork was a little overcooked, but I actually enjoyed it.  Their famous orange sauce made the burrito taste even better.  Prices are reasonable.This place has the best sauce and the best churriso. Get churriso anything...I usually get the burrito and it is sooo good. The horchata is a bit gritty and powdery though. Its right next door to San Jose State!their burritos are good. pretty much the only thing that makes this place a staple is their orange sauce. the end lolSo much hype surrounding this place...I mean this place is pretty good, but I don't think there needs to be this much excitement over it.  Came here around 12pm on a weekday, and I think it's a good thing we came no later than that, since many students and employees from local offices come here for lunch.  I ordered the super carne asada burrito, and it was pretty cheap, only 5.95!  If you go to Chipotle or something, it's a more expensive, especially considering that it includes guacamole.  The burrito itself was massive, probably a good 8inches in length? maybe not...but ya, my friend basically forced me to add the notorious orange sauce to every bite of burrito I took, which became voluntary after a while.  The orange sauce is deceiving, there was so much mystery surrounding it, that i assumed that it was called orange sauce because it tasted like orange.  But no, it tastes like a creamy chili sauce.  There are some mysterious red flakes (maybe chili or paprika) in the sauce...I'm curious to find out what exactly is in this sauce, but I"m also good not knowing how much unhealthiness I'm actually eating haha.  It felt kinda weird how La Vic's was in a house.  I want to try Iguana's now and compare...I feel like they're both pretty similar.was day dreamin' about the orange sauce, so i had to make that drive downtown.  parking sucks of course but you can find street parking.  i normally go to Mi Pueblo for burrito's, but La Vic's was good.  I did pick up 2 bottles of the sauces!  NOM.AHHHHH! I LOVE LA VICS AND THE ORANGE SAUCE!!!!! I don't know what else to say if you haven't been here, go and try it NOW. Such a great place for mexican food, every time i go here has been great, always taste good day or night. The cheese quesadilla is cooked perfectly and is the best one Ive ever had. The burritos are great too, not the best but that orange sauce puts it up there. This place is on point and if you don't like the orange sauce then i don't know do not go here lol. I give it only 4 stars cause they can be a little stingy with the sauce, if you get it to go and want extra its 25 cents and they give you only one bottle per table, i manage to kill a whole bottle guaranteed every time i go so. If anything the sauce is great but not that good to charge so much, also if you go here on a weeknight near the time they close they make you get it to go yet you can still eat inside, doesn't really make sense. Still one of the most bomb burritos I've had! Also if they're going to branch out to other locations they should make sure that the food is on par with the original location, for example its kinda crazy that I had the WORST burrito of my life in the redwood city spot and the BEST in the original one, really need to do something about that...its expensive, i like the big nice burrito, very delicious.but the place is so damn small, i feel like i was grinding everyone when i was waiting for my food. the little mexiccan girls are pretty nice.omg my favorite burrito place in the world!yummmmmmmyyyyy!!!!!!That friggin sauce is rediculous!! it makes the food taste so much better.  Just don't plan on working with customers anytime soon if you are in retail. the garlic smell might burn their eyebrows, ;)love their orange saucebest part about this place is their orange sause!eh it's all right, burrito's are about average, they have this orange sauce that's pretty good, service is lame, prices are slightly high, but it's about the only thing open late downtown, lots of college students here, also lots of cops and transvestites, i wonder if there's a connection?MMMMMMMM  Oooooorrraanngeee sauce..... if it was not for that  this place would be just another Taqueriathis place is good but i think its a little overrated. theres a million and a half taquerias around sjsu and this place is average. the best/worst thing about la vic's is that its open late... but because its open around the time clubs and bars get out, theres a crap load of people and i get claustrophobic. overall this place is a decent place to eat and has good prices for the amount of food you get.typical mexican food really its only the orange sauce that makes everything so damn good. i would of gave a 4 but the food just got worse. not in quality but they dont cook it right. like a few days ago i just got a super burrito with lengua which is tongue. it wasnt cooked all the way when i bite into it, it looked kindof raw. i ended up going to the bathroom the next day. ugh.i come here just for the chile relleno burritos.  i order the super.  lots of orange sauce and i'm good to go.two words orange crack.This is a late night mecca of downtown.  For no particular reason except it's close to the SJSU dorms as far as I can tell.  Food is ok but nothing to write home about.  Wait times are long and service is slow and unfriendly.  The horchata is obviously made from a mix and is usually chalky and too concentratedthe orange sauce is a must: it makes anything that they make (which is already really good) uniquely delicious!it was a must during our student days at SJSU, but it still remains a place we enjoy every time we go again!severely disappointed with this location. not that I'm a la vic's fan, however this location isn't even half as good as the santa clara location. don't bother even bother...I would have given it zero stars, but it required me to select atleast one...i don't understand how i came here more than once. The first time was horrible, and yeah. nuff said.food is good,workers are cool,orange sauce is awesome. torta is the closest thing i can eat to a cubanito sandwich from back home. feels tiny inside though.oh well,food is still good so i give this place a go!ok sauce, I prefer iguanas, more smokier, meats are usually burned or the burrito drips of the sauce. no bueno. geta crowded late night thursday-saturday. way better taquerias out there.Disgusting, salty, dry meat. Salty, tasteless, watery orange sauce. Charges $0.50 for soda refills. Doesn't give enough orange sauce if food is taken to go. Terrible customer service.orange sauce! service sucks. quesadillas are the bomb! crispy and greatness in the inside.been here for the billionth time, and all have to say is the orange sauce makes everything taste good!.. the line gets long because its right next to SJSU.. my favorite thing on the menu is the super quesadilla carne asada which is super juicy and delicious.. not the best burritos cause I've tried plenty of other taquerias... but its worth trying at least once...you'll probably turn into a fan because of the sauce alone..not the best burrito but the sauce is awesome! Good pricing and open late.i love the carne asada fries, i highly recommend them. good place overallmy girlfriend NEVER likes to eat Mexican or burritos but when we dropped by here on the way to sjsu and she fell in LOVE with the sauce. she has been converted. nuff said.man. this place is infamous in san jose.  what kid or young adult doesnt know about this spot.  its the afterhours spot where you see the belligerent party goers.  in the daytime, you see the students, loyal fans of the "orange sauce", and first timers not exactly knowing what they've stumbled into.   i've never had a mexican sauce that was better than the orange sauce.  it gives you just enough to salivate on but won't get naked in front of you...keep you comin back for more...just as your ideal classy date would.   in terms of their food, its whatever.  the burritos are whatever..the tortas and quesadillas are decent.  really..its all about the sauce...i'll make a trip there for that alone...and i'd be 1 of thousands to admit that i'm sure.Better burritos are served at Iguana's, which is right around the corner.  La Vic's burritos are oily and not very good.  If you went to SJSU, which I did, there were two kinds of people: La Vic people and Iguana's people.  I was an Iguana's person and always will be.  I have heard that the orange sauce is better at La Vic, but they have comparable orange sauce at Iguana's.Orange sauce..liquid crack i tell you!  Damn good stuff!  Try chicken burrito without the beans.  Only 1 star taken off for the crazy service.  If you are eating there, they hover like buzzards over their bottle of orange sauce.  It's like the minute you stop chewing, they swoop in and try to take the bottle away.  I opted to buy a bottle for the $6 charge hoping that next time they would know I am not trying to take your f*in sauce.  No luck, they still are like moths to a flame....the sauce it great, but DAMN people.  Take it easy!Judging from what I had here so far, I am give this place four stars. Maybe I was just really hungry that day but the burrito I had was pretty damn good. I had the super burrito with carne asada. It was a lot meatier than most burritos I've had. It was nice and cheesy, and well seasoned. The burrito was smaller than Iguana's but I have to say that for me it tasted a little better.  Iguana' adds a lot more beans to their burrito. The burrito was decently priced at 6 dollars, about the same as Iguanas, but I wouldn't say it was a bargain burrito. Most places I can get a burrito for less than 5 dollars. Also the famous orange sauce was pretty good but I could have eaten it without the sauce. I guess this place is a little over-rated but I still like it.The Orange Sauce... that's what it's all about!Staffs seems to be changing more often and Ya now there's no minimum for Credit Card use. There's no visible change to this place except for the price. 1$ is increased in everything. Yet teh place is packed to the core especially late nights. Guess most of the SJSU students would have visited this place atleast once and Hey who is not a fan of their orange sauce???its okay food, it seems like a limited menuservice here sucks they are really up tightI love this place. So small and sometimes unknown by others but every time i go there its filled with people. I love their orange sauce and everyone who i've known has tried it has loved it. Goes great with their quesidillas.Ridiculously good, authentic, delicious Mexican breakfast, lunch, or dinner.  Located in downtown San Jose, this place became one of my favorites when I worked at an interactive agency just across the street.  The orange sauce is killer and the portions are large, so if you can't finish your meal, store it in the fridge, and it's even BETTER the next day.  Especially good with a Coke.  You wait in line, order, and everything is prepared hot and fresh.  The chicken tacos are amazing with fresh lime and cilantro.  Enjoy.  Authentic California-Mexican food.Yes, the orange sauce is really really good. Everything else was fine, but nothing super special. They guard their orange sauce like pitbulls. Maybe I'm in the minority with my opinion though, because it was really hard to find a seat here.so its 3 am im drunk and im craving la vics and i just have to be 500 miles awayum yea i hear the orange sauce is good so try putting that on everythingStandard taqueria close to sjsu, but the orange sauce changes everything due to it's unique taste. It's good on everything!awesome. 2 stories for seating, and orange sauce.Super veggie burrito: decently filling at an okay price.. but nothing amazing.U know.........i use to LOVE this place. But the last few times i went which was a long time ago, i decided this place sucks. I asked for extra avocado in my burrito and didn't mind paying extra. Took it home...and there was no avocado....nothing i couldve done bout that at that point  since i was already home and thot it was just a mistake. So the next time i ate in...again i asked for a paid for extra avocado. Once again....no avocado. I took my burrito up to the lady that worked there and assumed she forgot to add the avocado. She insisted that it was there...so i had her dig around w a fork to show me where the avocado was...she couldn't even find it. So i asked if she could add more...and she said id have to pay extra again. I was so pissed i never went back. The only good thing about la vics is their orange sauce ne ways.......and this isn't the only place with orange sauce. There are plenty of places w o sauce. Some places even have multiple kinds of o sauce just as good or better. I know its convenient for ppl who wanna eat after clubbing.....but seriously.........OVER IT!so, i've decided to give this place another chance and surely enough it redeemed itself. their carne asada super burrito with the orange sauce is on hit. have been dining here multiple times and then tried iguanas again and i can definitely say that la vic's better.mediocre Mexican food with the orange sauce.The only thing a person should get here is the quesedilla with orange sauce. Overall the orange sauce is what really makes this restaurant what it is. However price is cheap, food is tasty and filling. Good for people who are in a rush.The enchilada here is the worst I have ever had. It consists of a few slabs of cheese and unfresh meat.  This place is only great if you are a poor college student without tastebuds.they've changed a lot sauce isn't as good, just go to iguanasAfter a long night of bar hopping with my girls . . . our next stop to satisfy our hunger is La Victoria. Simply the best burritos! So many 5-star reviews. . . need I say more?This place is especially drunk or high at 1 in the morning...everyone else there will most likely be in the same condition.  The burritos are pretty good, too much beans and rice though.  What really gives it four stars is the orange sauce.  Great place to go to when you have the munchies.YUMMMMM!  The orange sauce is the bomb!!!!!!This place is alright, nothing too crazy.  The orange salsa is good and that is about the only unique thing about La Victoria.  This place is great for a meal after all the bars and clubs close downtown and you want to get something in your stomach before you pass out.  Check it out but don't have high expectations.Vegetarians beware: Without fail, La Vic's always seems to let a stray piece of steak or chicken sneak into your veggie burrito.la vics is great for late night eating with friends. or alone, i guess.i currently reside in san diego, and although the mexican food here is awesome, i miss orange sauce. that makes everything a lot better.Delicious and Economic! Loved it...good fast and to the point and the orange sauce is the bomb,super quesadilla is my favoriteWent to this La Victoria location for the first time a couple of months ago and was not impressed at all. I used to dream about La Vic's but now I know of way better places. The food was just ok. The orange sauce here didn't seem right compared to the other locations. My burrito was not good and I left very disappointed. I will not be back unfortunately because I have found spicier burritos that leave my tummt happy.I go to La Vics just for the sauce! if it was not for the sauce I wouldnt really go... but decent burritosthis place is only good for their quesadillas and orange sauce. their burritos suck, i've had way better. some of my friends like coming here after a late night in downtown... i sometimes dont mind because anything you eat drunk tastes good. but drunk or not, i'd still go for a burrito somewhere else.this place is overrated. if you need to smother your burrito in sauce, then it your burrito must not be tasty to begin with.. they have a great menu with everything from burritos to quesadillas this is what its all about. reasonably priced and open late. this place is what a good Taqueria should be.  not to mention their orange sauce is probably with out a doubt the best complement to their awesome food. La Vics is my place for late night snacks and food during the day.I have only gotten the Super Burrito. It is excellent, huge and fair priced, but not inexpensive. The orange sauce here is excellent and add that to my 1st sentence, and bam, thaat delivers the 5th star. Only disappointment is that they should be 24hrs.bad service when i went today for breakfast.  I usually go to cafe rosalena and wanted to try La victoria and the burritos are half the size and the quality.  I asked for bacon and potato and they put 1piece of bacon in my burrito.  I will never go here again for any food.  I am sticking to cafe rosalena for breakfast.  I go there atleast 2times a week and have never been disappointed.great late night favorite! i love the orange sauce! i love the super nachos, the carne asada super burrito and the the carne asada tacos!Very nice chicken burrito and the orange sauce is wonderful.  I had ordered a super but they didn't upgrade it - a demerit.  I really like the vibe of the place.  I would recommend to a friend.  I would just ask for verbal confirmation of the order.great great great mexican food please try burritos they are off the hook.Every college kid at SJSU thinks this place is awesome but keep in mind 95% of the time they eat here they're probly trashed and starving from the munchies.  the orange sauce is good, the burritos are average at BEST!  and the people who work there are so rude and seriously piss me off sometimes.  I understand they may deal with a lot of drunk college kids but when people give you business it doesnt mean you can be extremely rude to them.  But its ok, now i take my business to iguanas  down the street!I bet the orange sauce would taste bomb over white rice. Will update! :9Horrible. I like the food dont get me wrong. But customer service here is horrid. I came with a friend of mine with a prosthetic leg. Due to the amount of drunkards in the store there was limited seating so my disabled friend sat on a table. The manager then came and told him to get off the table or we would be kicked out! This was horrible customer service. In no way did ANYONE try to accommodate us and try to find him comfortable seating. I refuse to come to la vics ever again and will continue to tell all my friends and fraternity members not to come here and provide this place businesspros:- the orange sauce - #1 sauce known to man...i reccommed buying a $6 bottle of it to take home, it goes great on A LOT of different foods. breakfasts, sanwhiches, pastas and pasta salads, potato salads, rice, beans, fish...honestly just about everything.- the burritos, quesedillas, and tacos- the prices - reasonable/standard- the hours -open late nightthe cons:- long lines at times, can get insanely busy late night- VERY minimal seating- can get loud and lowkey ghettobottom line: not the BEST mexican food i've had nor of the greatest quality, but la vics will always hold a sweet spot in my heartThe Mexican food is Mexican food, but you gotta drown your food in their orange sauce as suggested by my friend.  It has a spicy kick to it :).Best tacos and burritos in San Jose.  Can't beat the orange sauce.Burritos area a little dry but the orange sauce makes up for it. Parking lot is accross the street around the corner. I mostly go for the burritos and sauce so I cant speak for the tacos or other items. Tables are hard to come by around lunch time but this is a great staple next to SJSU.The breakfast burrito is delicious! Love their orange sauce!good service, servers are nice. food is delicious! wish they'd sell the sauce for cheaper.La Vic's used to be a place I eat at every now and then. To be honest, their food is good, but nothing spectacular. Yes....its all about the orange sauce! Seems to make everything taste better but I don't think its a good thing that the sauce is required to make the food actually taste really good... Anyways, I used to go there often until this one day, me and my friends ate there one night. A few hours later, we were all itchy. WTF?! Not cool at all!! The place is usually kind of full and it seems a bit dirty. I'd rather goto Iguana's which isn't too far away...decided to check this place out from hearing about the famous orange sauce. i have to say that i was pretty impressed. the burrito was big enough to fill me up and the carne asada had a good flavor. the one thing that makes this place good is the orange sauce.This place was great. I usually like to get the super burrito with carne asada.  The food is excellent and cheap but the real draw is the sauce. The "secret" orange sauce really adds that unique flavor which makes whatever its put upon that much better.  I would def recommend La Vic's to students on a budget especially those at SJSU since it's right down the street. Another plus is that they're open until 3am on the weekends for all you bar hoppers.  The only prob is the amount of people there and the line, I would recommend getting their phone number and making a pickup call to save you a lot of time.Overrated. Ordinary food. Run down place. If it weren't for their "special sauce", then it would be like any other tacoburritoquesidilla shack.This place was alright. when i received my burrito the tortilla was all hard and gross. the orange sauce was pretty good. But basically this place is alright if you want not authentic mexican food go here.Honestly i LOOOOOOVE La Vics when ever i need a mexican fix id go here because its not the burritos that are good or the tacos its the orange sauce which is made out of lard but i dont care ill slather that stuff on anything haha. usually when i go i kill a whole bottle for myself and all the homies are like wtf blah blah blah i dont care. BUT recently i went there and the suace is different unless it was just that batch. The sauce is now a darker orange and its hotter than it is tastefull. i was expecting a orgy in my mouth experience instead i got like a o my stomach is not going to settle this blasphemy. Well super burritos are about $5.50 and fountain drinks are $1.75, their open till 4am, bouncers a pervert he always looks at my butt, and its a small place and always packed. If they ever change the sauce back let me know but for now im giving them 3 stars for that 2 hours i had to stay on the toilet because of themthis place seems to always be poppin' no matter what time it is in the day (or night). their veggie burritos taste okay, but they are HUGE. i've only had their orange sauce once or twice, but i'm not a real big fan of it. i lalalalove their veggie quesadillas and horchatas though. that's all.love this place.... and the ORANGE SAUCE!  i've actually driven randomly just to get a burrito here because of the orange  sauce. I've told friends about it and they've gone and loved it as wellDissapointed with the Orange Sauce! They totally put cheap or watered down stuff. I used to love La Vics and it seems like they just wanna make a buck more. Im goin to Iguanas because there orange sauce is good and its a thick sauce like la Vics USED TO BE! Sorry La vics you lost a loyal customer!i like la vics, and i wish i could like it more because it is an important party of downtown san jose. the burritos are good/okay but what people really come here for is the orange sauce. if you order asuper burrito compared to a regular you get guacamole and sour cream, but you can hardly notice the difference. in fact most of the time you dont notice the sour cream and guacamole at all, so i just order the regular burrito, i get the same thing and pay less, the super quesadilla is better than the burrito in my opinon, and i really enjoy the super nachos, those are a hit, the costumer service is so so, they make sure you dont steal the orange sauce. i lost my phone while i was there and they werent very helpful. its a good place for late night.The super carne asada with orange sauce after clubbing is a god-send. During the day or when better locations are open the food is meh. However, when it's after hours and your choices are jack in the box denny's or i-hop, La vics is the choice.La Victoria was our life-saver. When we first time came to San Jose about a few years ago, it was very late and we were not sure if there are any restaurants open around 11pm. We went out to walk around the area. La Victoria, despite the fact that it was very late, was very crowded with students like as it was a peak dinner time.  We ordered the burritos and they were so big, tasty, and filling. It was the best burrito that I tried and since then, I am a fan of this place. I hope the taste remains the same.i used to come here often, but not as much because their burritos are gross. bad quality, but i do admit that their orange sauce is great! i love this orange sauce.great taqueria. fast service, good food.  Orange sauce!!!Located in an old Victorian House, small place, large crowds, hard to find parking but amazing tasting "Orange Sauce!"  Their food is average Mexican but their orange sause can make the food orgasmic.La Vics has tasty food. However, is it clean? NO! They make their food so fast to keep up with the demand that they don't really pay attention to other things.  I've been eating there from time to time, and recently I found a bug in between my burrito and the foil wrapper.  To top it off, just last night i bought a Torta (sandwich) and today I cannot leave the restroom. I asked the lady if they cooked the meat right and she said yes.  I got food poisoned so bad that I just can never go back in there.  Be careful when you go there, make sure the demand isn't big or your food might not be as clean as you expect it.I have been eating here since 2002 while attending SJSU and the food was good in the past but the orange sauce is too watery now & they need to improve on their service & quality of food.....Their burritos are uninspired and packed with filler ingredients like rice and beans. Their quesadilla tastes better but feels greasy and fatty to eat. Compared to what's in the area it's average, but the Mexican scene here is just atrocious to be honest. Oh and the orange sauce was the most disgusting sauce I've ever tried. It tasted like nacho cheese from a can. It only gets 2 stars because it's cheap, but like every other Mexican place around here, you get what you pay for.this location has the best sauce out of all 3.  super chicken quesadilla with lots of orange sauce.  bummer is that they charge you .60 for drink refills and .50 for chips and salsa.  but its a smart business move for them- glad they are around with so many locations.  I crave this place when I am not in san jose.Nacho cheese fries=BOMB! nom nom nom i would just hold off on the sauce they put on em last time they made my tummy twerk :-/ but other then that i LOVE!I love the breakfast burritos at La Vics, but nothing else I've tried there has been up to par. The nachos were especially gross, but that could be me not liking fake nacho cheese. The orange sauce is quite good, but be warned that it's not vegetarian (although sometimes a person working there will claim it is). I believe it contains mayo, chorizo grease, and lard, all of which makes for a delicious if super-unhealthy combo.My husband and I love La Victoria. For us, it's all about the chicken - burrito, taco, nachos, whatever. Just get the chicken. We've tried the carne asade and carnitas, and they were just so-so. The chicken is enough to make up for it and give this place 5 stars. I also often get the super veggie burrito. Also, really good, but if we do carryout it gets cold by the time we're home because of the lettuce. This is easily our favorite taqueria in San Jose.super chicken Quesadilla with orange sauce.big burrito it,s ok but not my favorone of teh best taquerias ever! my bff took me here and we split a super burrito...and it was amazing! their beef was marinated wonderfully and their rice was to die for!a perfect spot to get that mexican food fix if you're a student at san jose state.  their famous orange sauce really gives their food the "umph" that it needs. with that being said, the food without the sauce is dry and quite greasy.  their nachos are made with processed cheese sauce and yellow corn tortilla chips - not too much of a favorite of mine.  their quesadillas, however, i give props to - its quite greasy though, but it does the job.  this place is great to hit up after some dancing, but leave early enough to catch it before it closes - the bouncer, yes - this place has a bouncer - will regulate.  but they're cool and friendly, just dont get dumb around them.  this place will suffice, but still second rate against the formerly existent competition, iguana's taqueria right around the corner (food quality was tops).  the sauce, is what is saving this place from failure.  the price for their food doesnt match the quality and taste they yield.LA VICS! As a SJSU student I had to eat here at least once during my first year and I have to say it lived up to my expectations. The burritos are pretty good and well sized, a super burrito will definitely fill you up sufficiently at around 5 dollars or so. If you can make it there before 11 AM you can also get breakfast burritos that'll satisfy that early morning hunger. The prices are also very reasonable coming from a college student. Great for those late night cravings due the fact that their open till 3 in the morning. A con would be that the nachos aren't topped with real cheese but rather the fake nacho "cheese" that would be more suitable at a movie theatre. Now I had to mention this it at least once and that is the ORANGE SAUCE. Basically pure lard in a bottle but taste soooo good on your burrito. A guilty pleasure that I have to indulge on every visit and have to pay for in the gym the following morning, oh well it's worth it. Definitely a place worth trying if your looking for mexican food in san jo.nacho cheese fries with all the super nacho toppings, fat kids paradise! no rolled tacos, but solid mexican foodnot one of my favorites, very plain tasting border line crapy but the hot sauce is good enough to cover up the poor flavorsuper corn quesadilla with steak please.......it's super good with the orange OR the green sauce.  always love the food here but don't get to come here as often as i would like since parking is hard to find.  other then that the food is awesome I've tried super nacho (it's super big), corn quesadilla (best ever) and burrito (yum). dont forget to try the drinks strawberry and watermelon is my fave......very satisfying after every meal here.  was there today monday at 12AM and it was packed.  great food just wish there was better parkinglove the sauce the food is goodburrito: OK. this was by far the juiciest burrito i've ever eaten (not necessarily in a good way.) with every bite, juice flowed out and all over my hand. i ordered the super burrito, but as i ate it (and i ate the whole thing) i couldn't identify any ingredients in it that qualified it as super. not too pleased.la vics is the spot to be at best burritos in town the orange sauce is out of this world. great for late night day time anytime i go  every other day  i get the super burrito  and my fav the great orange sauce of the bay lol they got this beautiful girl working ther to witch is a plus ;]This is a review of my last experience at La Vics.  I used to love coming here during my college years at SJSU.  Either I've fell out of love with their food, or the food just isnt as tasty, or Im just disappointed because they messed up my order.  All I know is that I recently came to La Victoria after graduating 3 years ago.  I was so excited about coming back here because it brought back a lot of college memories.  But I was sooo disappointed.  For one, they messed up my order.  I ordered super burritos no beans, they gave me regular burritos, one burrito with beans.  It was soooo dry.  And the "carne asada" did not taste that great either, just plain dry.  The famous orange sauce used to be to die for.  But now, its just "ok".  That was the only thing saving my dry burrito, I was drenching it in that!  I guess I grew out of my "SJSU diet".  Or the food quality just got worse.  The worse part was I took the burritos home and didnt eat it till dinner.  So you can only imagine how disappointed I was to bite into a nasty dry ass burrito.  I would say this place is still a good food spot to go to when ur drunk or high, but of course when ur on that level, anything tastes good.  soooo disappointed!