Each time I've been to Chicago we make a point of having pizza at a different place.  I've been to 2 of the Gino's East and had thin and deep dish, Uno's and another place who's name escapes me right now but I have to say my favorite is Lou's.  If you've never had a deep dish in Chicago then I'd have to say try this place first.  Overall the quality of Lou's is in my opinion just better than the others I have tried before.You have to kind of keep in mind that some of these places can get pretty busy with lines and when you do get seated you have to be prepared for a wait depending on the type of pizza you order.  Some of the larger pies can take upwards of 45 minutes to prepare before they are brought over to your table.  In fact, your server will probably warn you so you are aware that preparing made to order pies take a while.We ate outside because it was a nice day.  I was facing south so I had a view of the EL and the Merchandise Mart.  I had ordered the sausage deep dish.  The crust was perfect.  It was right up the side of the pan like a wall to hold in the goodness.  Lou's sauce is my favorite as well.  They put the right amount on top and the consistency is just right.  That is important to me especially because my wife doesn't like sauce that is too acidic.  Basically if you want to tour Chicago's deep dish restaurants, variety is a nice way to go but personally I prefer this place above the others I've had before.  I will eventually try more places but this one so far has been my favorite.We waited an hour for a small pizza in which we devoured it in less than 15mins, but it was worth the wait even tho we were rushing to John Hancock for our ride at the tilt....I dunno what promotion they had that day on July 5 but we got a small deep dish pizza (chicago style) for only $9 including tax, what a friggin deal!!!!!!!The pizza wasn't as saucy and gooey as I expected but it was still delicious and I loved the carmelized cheese on the crustA small was good enough for 2 peopleMy wife and I separately chose this place for a 'Chicago-style deep dish pizza.' I went off of a Yelp review, she was referred here by local friends. Wait: Friday evening dinner- about 45 minutes. I strongly recommend putting your pizza order in early so it will be ready after an appetizer.Atmosphere: Loud, energeticStaff: Attentive, difficult to hear over the noise levelFood: The Bruschetta was amazing! The bread was toasted perfectly. It was just a little too much for 2 people.The deep dish 'The Lou' (minus mushrooms) was very good. It was heavy on spinach. The tomatoes were fantastic. The crust is thinner than most other deep dish pizzas- I liked it, but my wife thought it was lacking a little. The small was definitely filling for 2 people.Clearly I am not a Chicagoan and I do not know what "real" Chicago should be or taste like. BUT I can say that the the pizza here will be something that I will crave for years to come. I went there with a bigger group (9 people) on a Sunday afternoon. It was still hopping, but the wait was only 45 minutes and there were plenty of furniture shops to walk around in the area. We did put our orders for pizzas in, per the hostess' suggestion. We got the large Lou and the Chicago Classic. First of all, they say that a large pizza feeds 4 people. Total bullshit. That thing easily feed like 6 people. And not 6 little petite girls that will normally only eat a salad for lunch. Like 6 people that just did a triathlete and then feel like gnawing their hands off as the hunger hits as the endorphin high fades away (and yes, we were actually in town for a triathlon and we race to eat).But before we get to the pizza, which is making me drool just thinking about, we also ordered 2 orders of mozzarella sticks and a large Malnati salad to munch on while waiting for the pizzas. The mozzarella sticks were just normal apps that you can get anywhere, nothing special, but someone at the table really wanted them. But the salad ... oh the salad. It was delicious! Normally I don't like sweet Italian dressings, but it balances out the saltiness of the salami, olives, and cheese very well. I had to stop eating the salad knowing the pizza was coming. And the pizzas came. Everyone on the table was doubting that 2 pizzas would be enough. And when we were looking at pizzas, we still doubted that it would be enough. But then we all had a slice. And the table went silent. We were too engrossed in the cheese and butter crusts and just the general amazing-ness of what a chicago style pizza should be. I don't think any New York style pizza was able to do what these pizzas did to us. Everyone had 2 slices and were in pain by the time we called uncle. But we still had half a pizza left that we left with the only person that lives in Chicago (he just moved there from DC). The service was amazing. Our waitress made sure that our glasses never went empty. The only thing is that the upstairs room that we were seated in was that it was sooo warm.Hands down, I will go back and am a Lou Malanti fan. I know Chicago has many great pizza places, but I don't know if they can top this place.Below average. So much potential but such poor execution. Estimate was 25 minutes, took 40 minutes to arrive, though it's excusable given it was a busy lunch time.Waiter ok but was more more attentive to everyone else than us. He came exactly 2 times: to take our order and to bring our bill (after we had to ask another waiter). A different person from the kitchen brought our pizza. Ordered classic cheese pizza with extra sauce. Was literally raw and doughy. Nothing but the bottom was cooked. Think the consistency of a dumpling. Sauce was just ok and had potential to be better - I've made better tomato sauce and I'm a 21 year old who cooks for fun in my spare time.I'm was actually shocked we didn't complain until I realized the waiter was never there to ask us how we liked the food.I'm still dreaming about this pizza. Everybody needs to try this place if you are ever in Chicago. My friend's and I tried probably every major deep dish place in the city and most of us concluded that Lou's had the best pizza.When we came by for lunch it was extremely packed on a Saturday afternoon. The good thing is that you can order your pizza ahead at the counter so that it comes out once you get seated. Just grab a couple beers at the bar and you're set. My party got 2 pizzas here, The Chicago Classic and the Lou.The Chicago Classic had to be one of the best pizzas I have ever had , EVER. What made it unique was the the sausage was a giant patty, not crumbles like you are used to. This gives you a bite of sausage with every bite. The sauce and cheese they use was very good but what sent this pizza over the edge was def the crust. It was so buttery and flaky yet not heavy. The Lou we got since we felt like we needed some veggies. This pizza was ok, I preferred the Veggie pizza at Giordano's but the Lou was still good nonetheless. Besides the pizzas we got the Malnati salad which was very good and an order of bruschetta for an app. The bruschetta ok. Nothing too fancy to talk about. The service here was also top notch. Our server was extremely friendly and attentive. She got everything to us quickly and check up on us often to make sure everything was to our likings. If you are in Chicago I highly suggest coming here. This is a place you don't want to miss.I can't seem to survive without a weekly deep dish pep delivered to my apartment.  Of course I will visit the restaurant any time I have friends or family in town, love seeing the look on all their faces when they try the best pizza they've probably ever had in their life.  Great outdoor patio to enjoy a few beers while waiting for the pizza.  Super friendly wait staff and delivery staff.The hype is real.This place is great and the pizza is amazing.  Every time I come the service is excellent and the pizza is fresh. I can't believe that guy Theo who is complaining that the server or the host Did not close out "his" tab at the bar. Do you want the server to cut up your pizza and feed it to you also? The servers, hosts, and bartenders are busy (hence the wait).  Perhaps the host can bring you a tissue so u can stop crying.  The problem with yelp is customers with unrealistic expectations that use this as a vessel to complain about things like this.  Sorry you had to walk up stairs. Sorry you have to close out your own tab.  The only thing I feel sorry about is the table after you that had to wait and extra ten minutes in line so your ungrateful self can have a table.Great pizza and service... Reasonable prices and never disappoints!One of our first stops within our first hours in Chicago. Pizza was everything I dreamt of. Buttery crust. Filling. Toppings were superb. Lou's Special was what we got. Their 3 dip appetizer though was very underrated. Also loved the trophy room feel with all of the jerseys hanging on the walls.Visiting Chicago for the first time, a lot of people recommended this place for Chicago deep dish. So I figure I should give this place a  try. So I ordered the The Malnati Chicago Classic which was really good!! The only thing is deep dish are very cheesy, so you must be a big fan of cheese to eat these pizza. The best part of this deep dish pizza I have to say is the crust. It was the best crust I ever had!!! It was crunchy and buttery lets say i couldn't stop eating the crust!!!I would totally recommend this place for Chicago style pizza! Make sure to reserve in advance or call ahead for take out! This place is always pack!The wait??!?!???!!! Geez it takes forever to get in here - so make a reso if you can. If you can't, get your name on the list and head over to the bar next door for a drink while you wait. Also, preorder your pizzas to cut down on the wait time once you actually get in. The decor is pure sports fan, with jerseys framed throughout the space. The staff are lovely however and efficient. The food! Great deep dish pizzas (we sampled the Lou and the classic - the veggie was my fave despite being a devout carnivore). The crust is flaky and buttery. But the best part was our dessert (which we actually ordered while waiting for our meal).Deep dish chocolate chip pizza!??!  Heaven!! I would go just for dessert.It was my mom's first time to Chicago, and we knew deep-dish had to be part of the agenda. I had been to Gino's East before, but thought maybe I'd try another of the popular joints. This wasn't too far from our hotel, so my mom and I dropped by for lunch. We ended up waiting about 15-20 minutes, so not bad. In fact, you can pre-order your pizza at a counter so that it's baking while you're waiting/getting seated. I was STILL in line when we actually were seated, so I didn't even get to put in my order.We ordered the spinach salad and the Lou's special, which has spinach and tomato. Spinach salad was delicious - came with lots of freshly sliced strawberries, goat cheese, and a balsamic vinaigrette.The pizza was super disappointing. The crust was yeasty and underdone, I believe, and not as buttery flavored as I would have imagined it would be. It was pretty bland and actually...quite healthy tasting. Normally I have one slice of deep dish and that is ENOUGH. My mom and I ended up finishing a small pizza. Maybe we ordered the wrong thing. The fact that there was no sauce made this literally cheese, spinach, tomatoes, and crust. It wasn't very well seasoned, so perhaps a more traditional pizza from here would be better. However, it's not helpful to call something a special if it's not very good.We ended up going to Gino's the next day and that was definitely a much more delicious pizza.I'm just visiting Chicago for the summer and had already had Giordano's and Pizzeria Uno, so I figured I would give Lou Malnati's a shot. The short version is that Giordano's is still my favorite.I had the lunch special, which is a salad and a personal pizza with a drink, plus I ordered a starter of garlic bread. The salad was a typical side salad, so nothing good or bad there. To be fair, I love me some garlic, but the garlic bread seemed somewhat bland. Definitely needed the marinara sauce on the side to help give it some flavor. The pizza itself was good, but not as good as Giordano's, IMO. On the plus side, the lunch special is available on the weekends at Lou Malnati's, which is not true for Giordano's, so if that's what you're after, then Lou Malnati's is not a bad option. If I'm given a choice, though, I'm still going to Giordano's.This place was ok.  We were told to order an appetizer cuz the pizzas would take 30 min.. I think the appetizer spoiled our appetite.  Service was average.  I was without water for awhile.  The pizzas were aite.. But didn't seem like traditional with all the sauce on top.  We ordered the original and the Lou. The original was better.The quality of the product is good, but it's a little overpriced and the service is horrible. This place is the Comcast of pizza.Fridays weekends etc are always busy it's expected and it's one thing to have awesome pizza but to have awesome customer service is what makes me come back! Best Lou's Malnatis is the river north location!On a friend's recommendation (one that used to live in the Windy City), we waited the hour long wait for Lou Malnati's. It was pretty early, midweek, but it was already crowded. While waiting, you're supposed to pick out your pie, since it takes around 40 minutes to cook. My mom and I were deliberating for too long (not that there are many choices...), so they called us to our table before we were "ready."We finally decided on two smalls -- one Chicago Classic and one "Lou" with sausage. We also got a Malnati's salad, since our wait was going to be substantial. The salad was sweet and alright -- nothing special. I was a little overwhelmed by the Gorgonzola. When the pizzas came, I honestly couldn't taste much of a difference between the two, which was disappointing. The crust was thin, crispy, and flaky, but everything inside the pizza was lacking in flavor and slid off the crust. Nothing was adhered to anything else, so eating it was strange and disconnected. The spinach in the pizza also caused it to be really watery. Overall, I was disappointed. The pizza wasn't bad, but it wasn't amazing either. I was expecting this heavens-opening, orgasm-inspiring meal, and I was let down. Maybe my expectations were too high.Among the big 3 (Gino's, Lou's, and Giordano's), Lou Malnati's is the best Chicago Deep Dish Pizza, hands down.  We just spent a weekend in Chicago and we tried all three.  Lou Malnati's won, hands down, and here's why:  Their crust is significantly more flavorful and flaky with the perfect crunch.  Their sauce is bight, lighter and more tomato-ey, a perfect foil to their rich and flavorful sausage.  Their cheese glues everything together perfectly.  Clearly, they are Chicago's best pizza.Good on it's own, but not in comparison to others in the area...BEST PIZZA I'VE EVER HAD.To say this is the best pizza in CHICAGO is saying something, as Chicago knows their pies.  I was expecting "good" but I got "great."  I'm not a pizza snob - I can Domino's it with the best of them, but Lou Malnati's may have turned me into a snob.I ordered the Lou Malnati's Classic Deep Dish.  I have a big appetite and I could barely get through two small slices.  It's rich, but it's AMAZING.  Perfect blend of sauce, cheese, sausage and dough.  I'm afraid to ever eat another slice of pizza again because it will suffer in comparison to Lou's.  Service was impeccable - our server, Dean, was friendly and was always one step ahead of our needs.  Environment is great with a Chicago flair.When we left, there was a crowd outside the door, so I suspect that may be the norm and we just got lucky.  But, for this pizza, it's worth camping outside like it was Black Friday.  It's that good.  If you want to experience true Chicago pizza, your first stop should be Lou Malnati's.Came to Lou Malnati's after comparing deep dish reviews in Chicago.  The 2 of us split a small Classic and even on an empty stomach we couldn't finish it!  All the ingredients were incredible from the tomato sauce to the lean sausage to the flaky butter crust.  We even reheated the left-overs the next day and it was still amazing!Be sure to check-in with the hostess carrying the tablet up front.  Then you can go to the register and place your order while you wait since the pizza's can take 30+ minutes to make.  Then they simply call or text you when your table is ready.This was my second Lou Malati's, the first i visited back in 2013 while on business in the Chi. This location was much more inviting and the food was delicious as it always is. Me and my crew had two large pizzas, the Lou and a Pepperoni deep dish. We even ordered the dessert pizza. Note the dessert pizza isnt worth it. One thing we did because of the super long wait was order the pizza then went down to this Irish pub 500 ft away and just had some drinks while we waited for our 90min table time. (this was on a tuesday so...its a popular spot)If you visit Chicago, Lou's is a must have - at least once just to say you have been. Its one of three places you have to try deep dish pizza in Chicago.NYC family of 5 looking for true Chicago deep dish pizza experience....visited Lou Malnati's after hotel recommendation and we weren't disappointed....great food!!  Everyone loved their pizza choices......went next day to taste of Chicago event and tried three other deep dish versions, none compared!  Kids insisted on going back the next day for more.....Many people told me that if your in Chicago you have to try the deep disk at Malnati's and boy were they right. This place was amazing, from the meat to the cheese to the crust! The wine and bear selection was good but not great and the place was mobbed even on a Monday night but they have a full menu at the bar so that cuts the wait time down considerably.Malanti Chicago Classic is a combination of sausage, cheese, tomato sauce on buttercrust.  The sausage was very good and the crust was crunchy. Spinach deep dish was excellent the first time I had it but not as good the next time I had it. I could do without the the Calamari fritti.I would definitely recommend going here for the pizza!  It is amazing.  You can also order the pizza dough gooey, which I love.   We ordered "The Lou" and "The Classic," both were really great.  The service was also good.  The bar was fast and attentive.  Our server was personable and we appreciated his knowledge on the menu.  I would recommend going a little earlier during nighttime.  We had to wait about an hour.  The wait was worth it.Best deep dish pizza in the city. Also an amazing thin crust offering. I would recommend the butter crust for everything. This is a classic joint but is infinitely superior to Gino's and of course, Giordano's, which are both mediocre in their own right.My first and favorite Chicago style pizza!! We stopped here while on a food tour. I wish I had gone back for dinner. I'm not usually a pizza fan but I could eat this often!!I have to confess, I never has a "Real" Deep Dish Pizza till now. And having it at Lou Malnati's might have set my standard from now on a lot higher when I am eating one of these pies anywhere else.We shared:Malnati Salad - Romaine lettuce, tomatoes, black olives, mushrooms, Volpi salami bits and gorgonzola cheese with our Sweet Vinaigrette and romano cheese- Since it takes awhile for the star of the show, our pizza to arrive, we decided to sharea a salad!- Even the salad was so so good... love the cheese and more cheese with the house made dressing!- Family Size is good enough to feed 5 of us! The Malnati Chicago Classic - Made with Lou's lean sausage, some extra cheese and vine-ripened tomato sauce on Buttercrust.™- The crust was so good, I didn't realize that it was a "buttercrust" till now but definitely worth every single calories and fat content!- Sausage was well seasoned and moist and went so well with the cheese, cheese and cheese... and the sauce was tangy with a good bit!Family style is the way to go! So get your friends and families and your love ones and just share some love and be fat and happy together! :)I can still remember that buttery crust... Now I know why Pizza is call a pie!My first visit was a weekend last summer.  We arrived late (after 9 PM) and there was still a crowd.  We sat outside.  We had the BBQ Chicken club salad to start and it was wonderful.  Fresh, flavorful, and huge!  The dressing was awesome.  We ordered the Malnati Classic.  We ordered a medium which was more than enough pizza for two!  Crust was hearty but a bit bland and there was a lot of sauce. Service was great.  Vibe was casual, laid back, lots of tourists.  Great location for the tourist city buzz!This place was packed! We got there around 7 and the wait was 1 hr. There's a waiting area and you can eat pizza samples while you wait! How great is that? You can also pre order your deep dish so it's ready when you sit down. Anyway, the wait ended up being way less than an hour, probably closer to 30 min. The calamari was delicious and I could tell they do have quality ingredients (apparently they hand pick tomatoes once a year). Then our "small" pizza arrived. It was not small. I was struggling to finish that last second piece. It was sooo cheesy and the sausage is more like a sausage pancake in the cheese instead of the bits I was expecting. Also, the service here is wonderful. They asked us to move to another table to accommodate a larger party and gave us a dessert cookie to make up for it. It was delicious and very generous of them. I walked out holding my stomach like an expectant mother. But no regrets. I'm glad we came here to experience Chicago deep dish pizza.The service system is the problem, more than anything else. So look, they aren't going to be able to seat you for awhile, but they let you order before being seated. There is a small bar and you can order a drink. So I handed the bartender a card, since I didn't know how long we were going to be waiting. But there isn't a seat at the bar, and we have to sit behind the bar on a bench. We get a call that our table is ready... and present ourselves to the hostess with our drinks in hand and she takes us upstairs. And it is a way upstairs.We are seated and I mention I have a tab at the bar... and then she says, rather rudely "You'll have to close that out." So she expected me to go downstairs to the bar to do that. Fine, I thought, I'll do it when we are leaving. Then the waiter comes and asks if we want drinks. But then he tells us that he can't serve us until we go and close out our tab at the bar! Which is outrageous. Why didn't they ask or inform us before we went upstairs with our drink. Why couldn't one of them have brought us the bill and my card? Why after making us wait for our table, would they make a customer go down to the bar, stand and wait for the bartender to get us our bill?Seems like something simple to fix, but they just had attitude. So we left. I hope they can give that pizza with anchovies to someone else.Let's start off with a little bio. Not about the restaurant, about me, of course. I love thin crust NY style pizza. But, when in Rome, try the deep dish. A table for two on a Saturday at 2pm was a 45 minute wait. Add another 30 minutes for the pizzas and we had ourselves a very late lunch. We ordered the classic and the deep dish pepperoni. I likes the pepperoni slightly better, but both were pretty similar. The sauce was heavy and really flavorful. The cheese was globby and abundant. The crust was crisp and buttery. In short, delicious. I still prefer my thin crust, but if this is what all deep dish tasted like, I could see myself converting.The host was very bad , there was a queue but they let all people who came much later to us in and even after 45min I was asked to wait for 20min more.Ok have not had a Chicago deep dish pizza in a long time - this was definitely one of the best I have had in many years.  In my mind the sauce on a pizza always makes the difference and there sauce was amazing.  The service was wonderful and the restaurant itself was very nice. Definitely bookmarked on my yelp account!Two buddies and I were in Chicago for the weekend and we tried to get into Malnati's on a Friday night, ummm..that will be an hour wait. So we tried again on Saturday and put our name in four the hour wait and headed next door to grab a beer.  Perfect plan. Plus you can order your pizza while you are waiting, because those deep dish pizzas take about  1/2 hour to cook. Those are some dense pizzas.We got texted and the place was packed. We were seated at a booth in the back, pretty small place, but everyone had a smile on their face.I got a Diet Coke and my buddies ordered a glass of cabernet. I tried a sip and it was good cabby.  We ordered a Malnati classic with the sausage and cheese.  We also ordered an appetizer, but it didn't come out until we were done with the pizza, so they took it back at no charge. We were so full after the 2 slices of 'za, I couldn't have another bite.Our waitress was super nice and refilled my Diet Coke a few times. Then the medium pizza came out. The crust was perfect looking, heck, the whole pie looked AMAZING.The first bit was full of sauce and cheese and a buttery, crispy crust. Then I started to notice that the sausage was actually a slab of perfectly spiced sausage covering the whole pizza.  Genius!After one piece, I was almost full. As I finished the second piece of heaven, I was uncomfortable full. These babies must have 600 calories a slice. But I figured since I was in Chicago, I had to try a slice of deep dish pizza.My buddy said that he and a friend ordered this pizza in Minneapolis and they will send it to you freeze dried. He said it was awesome as well.The price was pretty reasonable. For 4 drinks and Diet Coke and a medium pizza plus tax, it was $55. Not terrible for a night in Chicago in downtown.Without a doubt....The BEST pan-pizza I've EVER eaten !3.5 star review.  Good Chicago deep dish - perhaps not the best I've had but solid.  The house salad with red wine vinaigrette was average.  Service was attentive.  We were quoted a 45-minute to an hour wait so we went ahead and pre-ordered our pizza, per their system.  We were delightfully surprised to receive a text about 15 minutes later saying they were ready to seat us.  The one thing that was not to my liking was the noise level in the dining room.  It was ear-piercingly loud, at times, which really detracted from the overall experience.  I will say that a party of six people was seated next to us and when they left, the noise level improved but was still loud.  I'd go back but I'd probably prefer to try a different place over Lou Malnati's.Being a New Yorker, I had to stop by Chicago on my way to North Milwaukee, to try some deep dish pizza and see what all the hype was about.  The wait wasn't too bad, 20 minutes.  We ordered the Classic and since it took 30 minutes we ordered the calamari for starters.  I wasn't crazy about their special "cocktail sauce" they paired with the calamari, we just wanted some good old marinara sauce which they brought us eventually (and it was good).  I expected the extra cheese on the pizza to be stringy but it was globs of it instead so I tasted more cheese than anything.  the buttercrust was okay, i guess i like my crust crunchy and not corn mealy (sp?) service was a bit slow but they were busy so i can understand.Great deep dish pizza, one of my families favorites. I'm a huge Rosati's and Gino's East fan, but have to admit Lou Malnati's has the 2nd best Chicago deep dish (in my opinion), but others in my family will disagree :-)I didn't think anything could beat Blue Line in the bay area, and boy was I wrong.The crust on Lou's vegetarian pizza was amazing, as was the rest of the pizza. Pro tip: call in your order ahead of time so that it's ready soon after your arrival. I can't wait to go back to Chicago so I can stuff my face with more Lou Malnati's pizza.Best deep dish I have ever had. Must try when in ChicagoThis place is busy...I can see why because they have excellent PIzza.The sausage is really like an entire patty across a layer of pizza.Not sure if this is "the best" but it sure is good.Decent Service and atmosphereYa know when a place becomes so famous they don't really have to try to win people over anymore? I think that's happened here. Yeah, the food was great. But the service was seriously lacking. I sat at the bar, ya know, the whole driving cross country alone thing. And I'd had a really fun day being a tourist and wanted to chit chat with the bartender. Again, I ran into the problem I've been having which is Being a female while waited on by a female. She was completely disinterested in me. I tried to engage her in conversation and she was just not havin it. Gave me the bare minimum while socializing with her coworker friends at the service bar. It is incredibly disappointing and lonely to not have anyone to talk to and as a bartender, that's part of your job. You suck at your job if you can't have a conversation with someone you can't flirt with. I won't go back. The Art of Pizza has way better pizza anyway and the dudes behind the counter are awesome.Great lunch special for 10.50 you get a soup or salad (small) to start. Then a personal 6 inch deep dish regular, sausage, pepperoni plus a drink with refills. Great deal. It's deep dish chicago pizza and definitely different from NYC pizza I am used to. The pepperoni was my favorite moreso than the sausage, but that's personal preference. Typically needs a knife and fork to eat. Nice crust. Crispy and not soft or soggy. Just the right amount of food for a nice lunch to put you into a food coma. Even ice tea was included in the lunch special for a drink.Friendly service, kept checking on us and very attentive. Large room and can accommodate large parties. Would call ahead for reservations on weekends.Based upon the yelp reviews,  this was the first place we came when arriving to town,  but we were a little disappointed.   The pizza wasn't bad,  but we thought the stuffed pizza at Giordanos was much better.The place was packed with 2 hour wait.  I"m used to great NY pizza and think the pizza was ok.  I was expecting it to knock me off my feet but I didn't leave Chicago thinking I had the best pizza.  IF I Lou's or Giordanos, I would select Giordanos anytime and I'm not one to like "chain" pizza.  I rather find the hole in the wall pizza place that makes your mouth water and didn't feel like this was it.  Loved the decor and location.The first time I was in Chicago, I tried Giordano's and was fairly underwhelmed by the experience. Enter Lou Malnati's. THAT BUTTER CRUST. So good. I regret not getting more toppings, but I'm glad to have gotten one thing right, which is that butter crust. Highly recommended. Even better that that my friend and I got to watch the game 2 of Kings-Rangers in double overtime while enjoying local brews (Goose Island and 312).The three star rating is a result of a mathmatical formula by which the food (rated 5 stars) is added to the service (barely deserved 2 stars) and divided by 2.  Let me start with the good.  Wow!  Deep dish isn't really my bag, but this was some seriously yummy pizza.  Crust was light and crispy, with a really nice yeasty flavor to it.  Sauce was tangy and fresh- a bit acidic- reminded me of eating a tomato.  Pepperoni was buried in there somewhere and was also good.  Service?  Not so hot.  The menu recommends that you eat the pizza with a fork and a knife (really your only reasonable choice!), yet getting those utensils proved to be rather difficult.  Not only did nobody ask or notice that my table was lacking, but the waitress that brought the pie took off before I could say anything and then the entire staff began a serious game of hide and seek.  I finally got what I was after, but by then the pizza was a bit on the cold side.  I finally gave up on any possibility of a refill on my iced tea and called it an evening.As first-time Chicago tourists, we had to try Lou Malnati's for some deep dish! We waited for more than 2 hours for a table for two on a Friday night but thanks to the good natured staff and other guests - we had a good time making friends and drinking at the bar while we waited.Initially, it was bit overwhelming. We could barely get in through the door there were so many people. Here's what you have to do: push your way in. Most people there are just waiting for their table. Find the person who is holding a clipboard. They were probably be straight ahead from the door. Put your name down and then get in the cashier line on the right to preorder your pizza. They will time this with your spot in line so your pizza will be warm and come out shortly after you get a table. Then wait until they call your name. Don't go far!As far as the food - the standard pizza was of course great. And they offer gluten free crust. Even though it's busy you've gotta stop by here at least once if you are visiting.Let me just quickly state that Lou's is better than Giordano's. My wife and I visited chicago from NJ and ate at both places in back to back nights. And we both agree that Lou's is better. We're still not fans of deep dish pizza but no question Lou's wins. Similar wait times as Giordano's. But one big difference, at Giordano's they call out ur name looking for you. And if u don't hear them or miss them, ur screwed. That is what happened to one couple when we got to Giordano's. But at Lou's, they use technology. They get ur number so that when ure next, u get both a call and a text that ur table is ready. Easy for them, easy for me. No need to worry about whether or not u missed ur name being called like that on couple at Giordano's. And now the pizza. The pizza is a million times better than Giordano's. The crust/dough didn't taste like a day old, frozen then microwaved dough. It tasted fresh and made to order. The service was decent. Nothing that jumps out at you. While the pizza was good, my wife and I are not fans of deep dish. We love our thin crust pizza.I'm from North Jersey and right next to New York City so I have to say from the start that I think New York style pizza is the best.Ok so my cousin, his girlfriend and I go the Lou deep dish because she is a vegetarian.We were able to place this order in while we were waiting on line, but really I don't see the purpose.  I believe they put the order in once you are seated.The place is pretty small and it should maintain the spacing better than just letting everyone crowd around inside.The bartenders there were very friendly, I was able to get a drink rather quickly in a packed room as I was waiting for my table.Finally go to the table and the staff was very friendly.The pizza...It reminded me of pizza hut.  That's about it, it was noting special.  My next time will be giodanos or however it's spelled.  Hopefully that will be betterI would come here for lunch, but for all the hype I wasn't too impressedHands down the best Gluten Free Pizza I've had in over 8 states. The pizza crust is legit and they even make the thin crust with weighty toppings which give you the taste of a deep dish.  Go there expecting a wait, but you can put your name on a list, get texted later when table is ready. Preorder your pizza to expedite service. Then head down to a bar up the street and don't worry about the wait.Atmosphere is ok.  it feels like a pizza parlor, but don't fool yourself, that is where you decided to go so focus on the pizza and forget the atmosphere.This is the best Chicago deep dish pizza I've had in the city, hands down. Be prepared for a long wait to sit down but you can place your order at the time you sign up to be placed in line for a table so that your items come out pretty quickly once you're seated. We ordered the Malnati with extra spinach and onions which made the pizza even more delicious. I highly recommend this combination!Although we were 2 people, we ordered the pizza good enough for 3 and had 4 extra slices to take home. 2 slices per person roughly fills you up even with a strong appetite. The prices are reasonable and the waitstaff extremely friendly. They told us the wait would be an hour but we were seated in about 40 minutes.So worth the wait if they are busy. I have lived in NYC for three years and love my thin crust pizza but this was awesome.Great vibe and awesome service from everyone.3.5 StarsIt started with lackluster greeting from the young lady hostess with braids who seated us,  I'm glad she wasn't our server .Thing got better when our waitress  arrives,  she was a sweetheart . We ordered the classic I had personal size and my husband had the small. We also shared a Caesar salad since she told us its 40 min for pizza to arrive.  Pros: the classic deep dish with sausage sauce. O do wish the sausage was more spread out instead of a thick layer.Con: company has many locations but should make sure the first impression from hostess doesn't taint the brand.I was so excited about trying the deep dish at this place and waited an hour to get my fix. After having not so great deep dish elsewhere, I'd figure I'd go to one of the best in the city. Well, after trying this place also, I can't say I'm a big fan of deep dish. The crust was not my cup of tea. Toppings were limited to sausage and pepperoni so vegetarians only have the option of eating plain cheese pizza. Mushrooms? Peppers? Onions?Despite being a local Chicagoan, I do not frequent deep dish eateries. It would only come up on my radar when a friend is visiting from out of town or a non-local friend has the crave. The usual order consists of: Malnati Chicago classic, Malnati's salad, and calamari. What makes Lou's deep dish better than others is it's not overly stuffed. The sausage is lean and not overly salty as it carelessly rests on a bed of vine-ripened tomatoes. One can easily down two slices without feeling too guilty unless you also ordered appetizers. The calamari was standard, lightly breaded, and seasoned. It delight to have but I would not say it's a must-order. As for the salad, I could care less. Honestly, when I go for deep dish, I'm not looking for a healthy meal. I mainly ordered it so as to not further provoke my out-of-country friends into thinking what unhealthy and detrimental eating habits Americans have. In conclusion, I would say Lou Malnati's is my favorite deep dish eatery thus far. The ingredients are quality and the prices are fair. Do beware of the long waits though. We waited over an hour on a Saturday at 7pm.Really good deep dish! The cheese was fresh, sausage was def made in house and the sauce had good flavor. Service was good considering they let us eat in house while we ordered for delivery ahead of time.Best Deep dish pizza. I have been here several times while visiting Chicago. This is defineyly a bucket list place to visit.Deep Dish Pizza Yum!!My Yelp Friend (YF) Gem saw I was visiting her hometown of Chicago, she sent me a list of places I might be interested in going to. For Deep dish pizza, she recommended going to Lou Malnati's. I have never had a deep dish pizza and what better place to try it than in Chicago. Fortunately, Lou Malnati's was within walking distance from my hotel and we had time to burn, lunch was possible yes!!We got there during the lunch rush. We put our name down and the hostess suggested we place our order now, since the wait for a table was 20 minutes, they could start on the pizza while we wait. We pre-order "The Lou" - Spinach mix, mushrooms and sliced roma tomatoes covered with three cheeses. We added ground sausage and the lady taking out order suggested cooking it well done. It sounded good to us. We went outside to wait (the place was packed, waiting list was long). About 20 minutes later we were called. We went to the second floor and were seated. Our waitress confirmed our order and we ordered Calamari Friti for appetizer. The calamari came out fast. It was good. Fried perfectly crisp outside and tender inside. It came with marinara sauce which were a perfect match to the calamari. Our pizza came out next. It was very delicious!! The crust was perfect. The ingredients blended perfectly. Adding the sausage was a good idea. Delicious!!Service was very good!! Helpful suggestions and friendly service. For a thin crust loving person like me, I liked this pizza a lot!!Solid 4 StarsI'll definitely be back. Thanks Gem!!I don't care how much you think you know, if you live in Chicago or have ever visited and not tried this place, you clearly need an education about life. Fret not, for I am here to guide you on this journey. Like every other New York-born-Italian, I'd rather carve my own eyeball out than admit that Chicago-style pizza actually deserves recognition, let alone praise. It certainly didn't help matters that the only time I had ever tried it was at a Pizzeria Uno in a lonely Miami strip mall.  That experience basically reinforced the notion that Chicago had no idea what they were doing when it came to pizza. Fast forward to my first trip to Chicago when I decided to expand my horizons and walked into Lou Malnati's, clearly with a huge chip on my shoulder. While ordering, we were told that it would take 30 minutes for our pizza to arrive. 30 friggin' minutes? I could watch a sitcom in that time. I smiled on the inside because I knew my opinions were once again about to be confirmed. 30 minutes later, I was forced to reevalute every decision I had ever made in my entire life. How many things have I been wrong about?!! I decided that I would have been willing to wait twice as long for this perfection.  Of course all of this occurred in complete silence because there was pizza to be consumed, savored, and enjoyed. Sadly that trip came to an end but I came home on a mission to find that same quality pizza in South Florida. Mission failed! I thought I could push those thoughts of gooey cheese with a soft, yet somehow crispy dough out of my mind, but I do not posses magical powers. Fortunately I've been back to the city several times since then and on each trip, the first thing I do is see Lou about some pizza.I visited last night and tried three 'pies''- pepperoni'- Lous'- Malnati Chicago ClassicAll were good, but its a challenge to eat three whole pieces. The butter crust is nice and the cheese is decent quality. Overall I did not like the sausage used on the Malnati Chicago Classic pizza, but I think its a personal preference at the end of the day. Drinks are average and the pricing is fair. Its a good place to visit if you're in the city and need to try a local favorite.Saw Lou on Bobby Flay's Throwdown (Lou won) and decided to try it.  We got a pizza from a number of different famous Chicago pizzerias, all deep dish.  My favorite was Lou Malnati's.  Their crust is just phenomenal and I liked that the pizza wasn't so thick and gooey that I was gagging from cheese overload.  It really was the best deep dish I've had in Chicago.Awesome Pizza and this is coming from a New Yorker! You can't go wrong with anything on this menu!Sooo good! Wait was only about 45 minutes on a Saturday night. They let you order before being seated to hurry things up. Great pizza though not classic chicago style pizza.First time in Chicago, and headed out for some deep dish pizza.  My only experience with deep dish was via the Pizzeria Uno chain back in Poughkeepsie NY and Fairfield CT in the late '80's, early '90's.  I liked it then, but would being IN Chicago, home of the real deal, surpass my memory?YES, oh, yes.  YES!!  Ask my waitress, Mindy, who was greeted by a big, food-in-mouth smile each time she asked how it was!I ordered the soup of the day (french onion, w/crouton, w/out cheese), the spinach bread, the house garden salad with red wine vinagrette, and the individual deep dish with extra cheese, sausage and tomato.  Timing of the food arrival was well managed, in fact, Mindy told me up front what to expect - 30 minutes on the pie, 15 min on the spinach bread, and the rest asascgbagt (as soon as she could go back and get them). Soup was very flavorful, with the outer edges of the crouton still crisp and plenty of savory onions.  I thought I'd be let down without the cheese.  Not at all.  Liked it!House salad was akin to a chopped salad, a very generous single portion with plenty of tomatoes and cucumbers, unlike some places that toss 2 or 3 of each and call it complete. That, plus the croutons and dressing, had me in a good, good mood!The spinach bread came with a cup of home-made marinara.  It was a good sized individual loaf, with a good amount of melted cheese and spinach inside of a crisp, delicious crust.  A biteful with sauce... YAHHH!!!  Sensory satisfaction!  I ate that slowly, initially thought I'd save some to go, but nope!  It was too good.The pizza itself.  Individual size, which at first looked small, but then again it was deep dish where size is deceiving when compared to thin crust.  Sausage was delicious, a mild blend of Italian spices and very juicy.  The cheese, sauce, tomato... so much better than I remembered!  I was more full than I anticipated and took the last two slices to go, which did NOT make it back to the hotel since I finished them off before I got there!  VERY good.I am sure you can search Chicago up and down for the very best, primo deep dish eatery.  There may be one or three out there.  But for me, Lou Malnati's hit the mark with each item they delivered to my table.  I'm glad I included Malnati's on my trip to Chicago!  Prices were reasonable, menu options ALL look appealing, and the staff treated me, as a single diner, very well.  Cheers!Be ready to wait! It is walk-in only, of a smallish location in hotel central.With that said, if you find yourself wanting deep dish near your hotel, go to Lou Malnati's, it is still my favorite deep dish. Go here especially if you are visiting Chicago and haven't made reservations anywhere else. Two reasons: 1) Deep dish dinner is a must and 2) You are seriously going to wait over an hour (if not much more) at any restaurant if you did not make any other reservation. I plead with the tourists who come here, do not complain about the wait! It is like that everywhere. Plan ahead or plan to wait.I only give this location 3 stars instead of 4 because I have been to the Gold Coast location which is just better. It's bigger so the line goes quicker. This location is just smaller, and filled with out of towners who (rightfully) want some Chicago Pie. No foul on the tourists, just makes it busier in a busy city. For a seating of five, on a Friday night, it took 1 hour 20 mins before we were seated (read: not that bad for the area). The food is good. We had picky eaters in the bunch whose palates haven't grown in yet apparently because they didn't think their thin crust cheese pizza was as good as little ceasars, but they were wrong. It was good for a plain cheese pizza.The deep dish my family ordered had pepperoni, green pepper, onion, sausage and sliced tomatoes. Very good in the buttery crust. Personally I don't like pepperoni in my deep dishes but it was a consensus so I didn't fight it. Our waitress was a gem. Kate(ie?) Just cool, always was around when we needed her, had an eye on our refills.Final note: While you wait, you can put in your order for pizza. They will cook it most of the way and then finish it off when you are seated and ready to feast. This is a good gig because deep dish can take upwards of 45 mins to cook, so it double duties the waiting time for the food by ordering before you're seated.Thanks for taking the time to read before you feed! Hope it helped.As an east coast guy, my preference for pizza is thin crust neopolitan but when in rome, my oldest wants to do some deep dish.  We stopped by after a ball game for a late night bite.Friendly staff seated us quickly and the place was still pretty full at 11pm on a Saturday.  We went with the Malnati special and dug in for what was supposed to be a 30 minute wait.  Maybe the late hour made it go faster but it didn't seem that long.The pie had great flavor.  I added up some pepper flake and parm.  Nice tomatoes and the sausage was great.  Flakey buttery crust that washed down with a nice Chiantti (need fava beans).Great place, highly rated and deservedlly so.We visited from California and decided to give this place a try since it was down the street from our hotel and the reviews did not disappoint. Yelp was a success!We got seated right away for a party of 2 during the mid afternoon. We ordered the spinach stuffed bread with cheese and marinara sauce and the Lou Malnati Chicago Classic: sausage, cheese(lots of it), and a yummy buttery crust. Both of our choices were so tasty we had no room left for dessert. Ordered the small which serves 2. Each pizza slice was the size of my face and I wish I could have taken some home back with me!Our waitress checked up on us often and our answer was the same each time she asked us how we were doing: "great!"Highly overrated pizza. Seemed like a generic frozen pizza but honestly not even as good. Cannot understand the hype. Hopefully I find better pizza than this on my trip in the Chi.Visiting from Portland. Chicago friends said this was the place to try if I needed deep dish. I've never been a deep dish person but figured I'd give it a go. Was there on a Sunday night. Wait wasn't too bad but we ended up sitting at the bar watching the Hawks game. Bartender cool. Pre ordered pizza. Split a salad.  Butter crust definitely the way to go. Not sure why I would have ordered thin crust...I can get excellent versions at home. But deep dish at home would be Pizza Hut or the like. And I'd rather gnaw off my own leg than eat that crap. Also...Chicago rocks.It's good pizza, but the atmosphere is very suburban. I'd recommend the takeout, but I honestly think Giordano's has the better Chicago Style pie.The deep dish butter crust maybe the best thing I've ever eaten. We came to Chicago for a couple things. Trying the pizza definitely one of them. If you're a foodie looking to check this Chicago Classic I'd highly recommend coming here. I'll be devoting the next year or so trying to make something comparable.This pizza is seriously life changing good!!! The best ever!!! You won't be sorry. Simply amazing!!!!Not a fan of deep dish (I'm a thin-crust NY pizza kinda gal), but this stuff was good. The cheese was stretchy and fresh, and the tomatoes in the sauce were definitely not out of a can. The buttery crust is their signature, so go for that. The calamari appetizer is a very good. Unlike a lot of calamari out there, it's not chewy at all. Service and crowds seem to be the main complaint of other reviewers, so do what we did--go for a late lunch around 3 pm and skip the rush. On a nice day, the outdoor seating is great, even if your service is a little slower.You can never go wrong with this place! The deep dish pizza with the butter crust is a mustSimply amazing pizza. We got it with the butter crust. YOU MUST DO BUTTER crust. It does not make the pizza overly greasy, rather it makes the culinary experience complete.I love pepperoni, but I was with a friend who keeps kosher. We got mushrooms. I was already skeptical it was going to be boring, but heavens no. It was cheesy goodness. In correct proportions of sauce cheese crust. I can't wait to drag my husband to chicago to get this again, but with pepperoni. My husband and I went last year on Chicago pizza tour (see my precious yelp review). We got to try amazing places, such as pizanos and pequod. I've been to giordano's too. All good but the malnati's take the cake!Great deep dish. Amazing cheese and the crust was good. The service was pretty slow unfortunately. My friends and I went for a late lunch/early dinner (4 pm), and it wasn't very crowded. We were there for over two hours. I think I enjoyed Gino's Pizza slightly better.Very good DD pie. Great wait staff.......overall, still like Geno's moreWith as many reviews as this place has, nothing I'm going to say will be any different. The stuffed spinach bread was so cheesy and delicious and the pizza was to die for. It also re-heated well, in case anyone wanted to know. Go eat awesome pizza!Pizza was really good, but nothing that I couldn't live without.  I am more of a thin crust guy but what they do deep dish really great here.  The service was friendly and the bartender made me a great Bloody to help chase the hair of the dog.They have the best deep dish pizza in Chicago. I have been to all the other deep dish pizza restaurants in Chicago and no other restaurant even comes close. Be prepared to wait for up to an hour to get a table. Don't forget to try the malnati salad here. It is amazing. The pizza and other items on their menu are very reasonable priced considering how popular they are. I have been here on several occasions and never been disappointed. If you count your calories like me the low fat cheese with gluten free crust option is not bad at all.Visiting from Phoenix on a business/pleasure trip. Asked some trusted resources where to go for the best Chicago pizza. I remember the original Uno's and Due's from visiting as a kid from St. Louis and figured those names would pop up. 2 people recommended Lou Malnati's. Suddenly I remembered that name too. Couldn't wait to try it. It's a chilly 46 degree day and it was a long 12-15 block walk from the hotel.  What did we find?A short easy 5 minute wait, warm comfortable, cozy atmosphere, friendly service from everyone (whether we were their table or not) and great tasting, high quality, good sized, outstanding food!! Not sure how I could be impressed with a house salad, but I was. It was big, fresh, tomatoes were diced and bright red and juicy and the ranch here is fantastic!  The pizza??? Stellar!!!! Had a "Lou" with spinach, mushroom and tomatoes.  Fresh, hot, delicious!!!! I want to try other places, but I know this place has set the bar **high** and I'm positive no matter which others I try, I'll be back to Lou's!!!As a disclaimer, deep dish pizza shouldn't be enjoyed frequently. As pretty much a life-long Chicago-ian, I would say my intake of deep dish depend strictly on the number of out-of-towners that pass through this glorious city. So when time comes to satisfy the curiosities of the passing by tourist, my preference is to set time aside for Lou Malnati's offering. I have tried both the Lou and the Chicago Classic, and I would say that these offerings are for the most part really consistent. The pie is a bit shallow in comparison to other deep dish offerings in the city, but I think it allows the person to safely enjoy 2 slices without feeling like a blob afterwards. I like the sausage that they use on the pizza on the Chicago classic. It is not too oil or salty, and is works in good harmony with the bed of tomatoes that accompany it. The Lou is a good choice with people not too fond of sausage, and provides a nice mixture of mushrooms and spinach (both favorites of mine in deep dish). The crust (which is the main standout in differentiating the different pizzerias), is much lighter and crispier than other places. I'm not a fan of very doughy crusts so this maybe my bias in this regard. The appetizers and salads are a nice change of pace from the huge hearty pizzas, but I'm not sure it's really worth it. I don't mind skipping them, and I don't mind having a side of light salad. Just kind of a big "meh."We tried the thin crust pizza with pepperoni. I think my bias against pepperoni may have shifted my opinion, but there were a few fundamental problems with the offering. The pepperoni was layered underneath the cheese, stretching across the entire pizza. I think that's too much pepperoni to pizza ratio. The pizza was also brought out a bit cold. The cheese had already hardened by the time I got to it, and the crust was a bit hard. While it wasn't awful, I would definitely stay away from it next time. Overall, I think there are very small differences in the many deep dish pizzas in Chicago. However, I would say that Lou's is my favorite (although, due to the proximity to my apartment, it is not my go-to). The ingredients are quality, the pricing is very fair, and the overall experience (besides the long expected wait times) is consistent and good. So if you're in need of a decent deep dish offering, I would definitely recommend giving Lou Malnati's a try.Great service and best damn pizza I've ever had. I had to get one to go so I could eat it the next day. I will be ordering some pizza and have it delivered to California.So the BIG Chicago debate is Giordano's or Lou Malnoti's when it comes to great pizza. Anyone you ask for where the best pizza around is and they will choose one and stick to it no matter what. Now that I've had both and can compare I will say I'm staying with Giordano's as my favorite but these two are so close in my opinion it's crazy. I've had the thin crust which is ok and the deep dish which was amazing. The sausage pie consists of a single, complete piece of sausage on top. The peperoni is my fav. The sauce is good and the crust good too. I'm going with 4 stars bc there a notch just below G's in my book.I came here under recommendations from a few locals, and I was not disappointed! Their deep dish pizza is amazing! Butter crust, layers of cheese and sausage, I was pretty much in heaven! Definitely affordable too! I'm glad the others in my party were getting full, because I definitely wanted seconds!Great overall, and it does take a while to make, so expect to wait about 35 minutes for your order.I ordered delivery so not sure if that affected the quality of the pizza (it shouldn't but I am not a deep dish pizza expert). First the delivery charge for a 5 block delivery was $4.00 that is insane. The pizza was alright nothing special or delicious about it. I was not impressed - since this is a chicago staple, that is why I tried it.Best pizza EVER! Our server was great. We are from Idaho Falls, Id and he had lived in Idaho and Montana and now a struggling actor waiting tables to pay the bills. Great, yummy food!Had the sausage pizza, which is the best pizza sausage I've ever had.  The mozzarella was delicious and generous.  The crust was good, but a little dry for me.  It had the classic buttery consistency of a pie crust.  The sauce has a lot of tomato chunks similar to Unos, but better, with a lot of seasoning.  Overall great pizza, but not the best in Chicago.Lou as the locals call it!! Was the best deep dish pizza I have had in Chicago!! The service was great, we got the spinach bread pudding with the tomato sauce for appetizer which was just the starter! We got the Chicago class I and the cheese with extra sauce! Both came pipping hot and we couldn't wait to dig in!! It was better then what we had expectation! They sauce has little pieces of tomatoes! We have been to giourdinos they Lou is by far the best! Will def come here again before we leave ChicagoThis may be the New Yorker in me talking but I really dont understand the hype. It was just a big pile of bland bread with a tiny bit of tasteless cheese and flavorless sauce on top. Really not worth the calories.  Give me a crispy thin crust pizza from New York any day, the deep dish is gross.Quickly: The legends are true, Chicago deep dish pizzas, such as the one from Lou's have personality and flavor that can't be seen elsewhere. Thanks personal pan size!Pros: Personal size! This is near impossible to find. Quality, flavor, chill atmosphereCons: 45 mins to bake a pizza (though this is expected)Lou's makes a mean deep dish. We split a personal pan and it made a good light meal. The crust from Lou's is reasonably thick, with a great zesty sauce and delicious fixings. We tried 2 of Chicago's many famous pizza joints so I can only compare between those. In the end, my girl enjoys Lou's for the sauce and sausage and I like Uno's because I enjoy the thick flavorful crust. You decide but you can't go wrong at Lou's.Lou's vs. Pizza UnoCrust - Reasonable thick vs Heavy thickSauce - Zesty vs NormalSausage - Flavorful cuts vs NormalCheese - Melty on bothCheck out my review for Pizza Uno here: (goo.gl/XHxWMk)Perhaps I'm just a New Yorker at heart, but Chicago deep dish is not really my style.  The pizza was average, but definitely way too cheesy for me.  The cheese was overpowering and I didn't get to truly taste the other ingredients, like the sauce, the sausage, and even the crust.We went on a Thursday night around 8 pm.  The wait was ~40 minutes, so we pre-ordered when we placed our names.  The staff said it takes ~30 minutes for the pizza to bake.  So, we thought, hey that's perfect - we'll pre-order now and when our table is ready, our pizza will be, too.  We were seated in 40 minutes, but our pizza was nowhere in sight.  We waited another 30 minutes or so until our pizza actually arrived.  I guess they were pretty busy.It was a very good meal, the deep dish pizza here is closer to my (Italian) taste than in other local favorites (Gino's, Giordano's). They are well organized in that they allow you to pre-order and be called to the table when both it and your pizza are ready.Came here on business and WHOA it was good. We had a vegetarian with us so we went with the Lou and for the first time with a non-meat pizza I honestly think it was better. The cheese, the toppings, the everything was out of this world but the real singer was the garlic butter crust - a real high note. Washed down with a couple of shots of scotch (yes, sue me) and a beer I was zoning. Obligatory deep dish pizza in Chicago - check.This place was at the top of our list while visiting Chicago and it definitely didn't disappoint! We came in around 12:30PM on Sunday and we put our name down and were seated after 5 minutes. Good thing we came when we did because people started piling in soon after us. There's tons of memorabilia around the restaurant which gives it an authentic feel.There are different sizes for the pizza. You can get your own personal one or get a small for 2, medium for 3, large for 4, etc. We decided to share the Malnati Chicago Classic which comes with lots of cheese, tomato sauce, and sausage and of course that famous deep dish style. They do have a large selection of beer so we ordered one each. The pizza took about 30 minutes to arrive, but we didn't mind.Once it arrived, our waiter cut it in 4 slices and we dug in. IT WAS SO DELICIOUS! I added some red pepper on it and it was literally perfection. Having two slices each was more than enough and it was a struggle near the end to finish it. I understand why this place is so popular! They also let you buy frozen pizzas to take home o_ORecently, I started following Chicago Food Authority on Instagram and it is now one of my favorite pages. Creator and fellow food blogger, Samantha Roby, inspired me to explore the food scene of Chicago with all of her fabulous photos. So, as soon as we got the chance, Alex and I took a trip to Chicago to see what all the buzz was about. Now, we all know that Chicago is known for their deep-dish pizza, so naturally that was at the top of my "things to eat" list. After getting some advice from a few locals, we decided to check out the deep-dish pizza at Lou Malnati's."Considered the oldest family name in Chicago pizza, Lou Malnati's is as rich in history as its pizza is in flavor." After years perfecting his craft in other pizza shops, Lou was finally ready to venture out on his own. On March 17, 1971, Lou and his wife Jean opened their first Lou Malnati's in Lincolnwood, Chicago and today, Lou Malnati's has 36 locations and counting.When we entered the jam-packed restaurant on North State Street a little after 9pm on a Friday night, put our name on a list for a table and pre-ordered our pizza at the counter. After a short wait, we were guided to a seat and a few minutes later our delicious half cheese, half pepperoni deep-dish pizza arrived. It was SO FREAKING GOOD. So good in fact, that we had the left-overs for breakfast the next day!Now, I understand that not everyone can pick up their lives and go to Chicago for the weekend to eat pizza, but being that it is 2013, we should all have access to the internet and a credit card. Lucky, that is all you need to get your pawls on this cheesy goodness if you are not in the Chicago area. Order your Lou Malnati's deep dish pizza now and you won't be sorry!We got the deep dish "Lou" and bruschetta for an appetizer and it was so good! The pizza crust is amazing and the bruschetta wasn't too crunchy but not too soft. Delicious! The iced tea was disgusting though. I couldn't even drink it. All well, I will return!Five stars for restoring my faith in Chicago deep dish.  Get the Chicago Classic with butter crust, and add garlic.  The sausage they use is divine.  The butter crust is PERFECT.  The garlic on top made everything so much better.  It took a long time to get a table even at 9pm, but when we FINALLY made it inside and were seated, we were not disappointed by the food.  Thanks for making my last pizza in Chicago memorable!Work brought me out of my Arizona Oasis to Chicago in the dead of winter. It was a bit of a shock going from 65 degrees to 0 degrees....fortunetly food warms the soul, and the body.After an entire day of conferences we were brought to Lou Malnati's to try the famous Chciago deep dish, and it did NOT disappoint. We had the basics, cheese, pepperoni and sausage. I could only put down two slices, but some of my friends were able to get down 4. This was a great meal, great atmosphere, very fillingI was not impressed, perhaps the personal size pizza that I ordered for one is prepared differently than the other sizes? The  tomatoes were fresh but the sausage was typical and was one large piece! The place is noisy and did not have an outdoor seating. My search continues!A must for any visitors looking to try a deep-dish pizza pie. The wait can be ridiculous at times, and when it does, the place (waiting area/bar) can be as crowded as the Disneyland on a Saturday in the summer time. I literally could not walk in at one point... However, I will most definitely come back to this place for their deep dish pies. The price is also very reasonable, which is a star-plus in my book.I fell in love with Chicago style pizza when I visited Chicago with my daughter. It doesn't get much better than this if you like this style! Service was friendly and efficient.We only ordered the traditional deep dish pizza so I can't vouch for any of the other offerings on the menu. I love this pizza so much I might order some frozen and have it shipped to NY :)I called and placed an order for delivery (this was during the PRIDE wknd).  I was told to expect it about 1.5 hrs. 1.5 hrs came and went. So I called back at the 2 hr mark and was told that my order was never placed.  They didn't seem to care.  I won't give Lou Malnati's my business again.Great pizza. Ordered a regular tomato and cheese. Great sauce and lots of cheese. Most deep dish places in Chicago tend to get busy and this was one of them. Expect a 30min-1hr wait depending on the size of your party. Can't really find a legit deep dish spot on the east coast and this lived up to the hype. Never got to try Giordano's, but Malnatti's is def better than UNO.My fiancé and I were lucky enough to snag a spot on the covered patio, complete with a fireplace and two wingback chairs for us to enjoy our meal in. It was like dining at a bed and breakfast, and without that experience, Lou Malnati's may be only a 4 star time. Inside, it kind of feels like a TGI Friday's in Time Square or something. Not necessarily charming or special, just a massive pizza eating factory. But damn is that pizza special! The Malnati Chicago Classic is definitely the way to go if you don't like your 'za weighed down by superfluous ingredients. Just cheese, sausage, and semi-sweet tomato sauce adorn the flaky buttercrust and it is all you ever need. The crust was by far my favorite part, not super doughy like other Chicago-style pizzas I've tried, with a tinge of buttery sweetness. One piece of pizza is never enough for this girl, but here, one is plenty. Take the rest home and enjoy the best pizza you've ever eaten for days to come!I must start off with I'm not a fan of Chicago pizza. Every time I come here I search for good Chicago pizza and I just haven't found it. Anyway this place came highly recommended. So the good this is all the places I've tried have been consistent, but unfortunately I'm not a fan. I figured out it's because the dough tastes like beer and I don't like beer. Also the tomato sauce tends to be sweet which I also don't like.  I don't think this place did anything wrong though.This is the spot I have to hit when I'm in Chicago!!! The "Lou" and Malnati's classic are amazing!! Malnati salad is a must with every order!!My personal favorite pizza in Chicago.  Both the thin crust and deep dish are really well done.  Watch out for lines on the prime nights.  Take out is always easy and efficient.Be prepared to wait. While on our cross-country trip, we stopped off for some deep dish pizza. We were here before what we thought was going to be the dinner rush. The wait was 2 hours. We had walked here from our hotel and were already starving. They do keep samples at the hostess stand, but it didn't help that they were mostly meat offerings. And the other starved guests were grabbing rows of these. Once you sit down, they inform you that a deep dish will take 40 minutes to bake. Pretty good hustle, if you ask me. Long waits means you'll sell a lot more salads and appetizers. We ended up with 2 salads and an order of spinach bread. There was nothing terribly memorable about this place. I liked that they dust the pan with cornmeal, it added a nice crunch. I just remember the dough being kind of raw, even though we ordered "well done". I suppose that is what is expected with the pile of toppings.I don't see Lou's being a stop on my next Chicago trip.My friend and I were visiting Indy for a few days so we decided to make a one day trip to Chicago! This was our first stop!What We Ordered:- Trio of Dips and Pizza Chips- Small Malnati Chicago Classic Deep DishOut of the three housemade dips, roasted garlic and giardiniera-topped hummus were my favorite. The artichoke dip was just okay. The deep dish pizza was AMAZING!!!! The crust was nice and crispy and the cheese was oozing out. Yummm.... I wished it didn't take so long to make because I was already kind of full after the dips and pizza chips by the time it arrived. :(I really enjoy Lou Malnati's. This location on the weekend for lunch has a ridiculously long wait, but it you have something you need to do around the area that will take 30 min or so, definitely convenient. Put your name in, pre-order your pizza and then run your errands or go walk around or have a drink at the bar and they will text you when the host(ess) is ready to seat you. I went with 3 other people and half the group wasn't very hungry so we got a Medium with half of the classic and the other half the lou.  It was almost the perfect amount for the four of us, but the pizza was so filling, we had to leave a piece. I could have been comfortable with only one slice, but I loved the lou slice so much I had to go for another. I felt as though the classic was a bit lacking in the flavor range but I think the guys liked the classic more than the lou. (go figure) So half and half was perfect for the group.This was one of my first meals when I moved to Chicago and it definitely solidified my decision for moving here. This place is usually packed on the weekend, so try and grab a table during the week if you don't want a long wait. There are many different styles of pizza but I came here for the Chicago deep dish experience and Lou Malnati's did not disappoint. The wait staff was nice and friendly and explained that all deep dish pizzas would take around 30-40 minutes to arrive. Trust me, the wait is WORTH IT! Grab yourself an appetizer and a beer while you wait. I recommend the Bruschetta. We got the Chicago Classic, which had a layer of sausage embedded in the pie. It was delicious and was probably the BEST pizza I've ever had. The waiter slices each piece onto your plate. Just sprinkle some parmesan and red pepper flakes on your perfectly made pie and you're good to go. Best deep dish pizza in Chicago! If you haven't had it yet, you're missing out!Dear Lou Malnati's, Ever since we met I cannot stop thinking about you. I did not expect to like you so much as I'm usually not into deep dish. Your buttery light crust and ooey gooey cheese has left me with a euphoric feeling of happiness. You've changed my world forever. I dream of the day we can be together again. XoXo,BAlthough I rarely eat deep dish, The Lou is delicious and worth the calorie splurge.  Loaded with spinach, mushrooms and three cheeses, this pie is decadent and what Chicago pizza is all about.First time in this restaurant. I tried the classic deep dish pizza, it was stuffed with cheese and sauce. It was amazing! But, it was not crispy enough and kinda oily . Overall it was worth trying! :)Pizza was great and surprisingly the wings were fantastic. Really enjoyed the food and even though had a party if 8 on Friday and Valentine's Day at 8:30 PM the wait was shorter than expected.  The place was packed with a lot of take out so clearly it is a popular spot.  Pizza crust was excellent with a bit less doughy feel to it. Lots of cheese the deep dish is not a stuffed crust pizza like some places or as incredibly thick as others I have had which suited me just fine. Will definitely come back again when visiting Chicago.Excellent Pizza!I would have give a 5 star except the order taker on the phone was rude and unprofessional. The pizza is great and fast delivery.  Too bad the phone isn't monitored for QA. Other wise it would have been a perfect pizza experience.My expectations were met! The deep dish pizza  was amazing!  I was also carded for beer and I'm in my 40's. Too funny.  Mind you, its only beer and wine so enjoy some cold beer and expect to be plugged as the portions are extreme.  This place is 90% tourists so you don't have to worry about fitting in.  The average wait is tolerable because you pre order the pizza and by the time you are seated, its ready. A must do!Hate to admit it but I'm only an hour or two from Chicago and I had never deep dish pizza.  Now that I tried Lou Malnati's I'm pretty much ruined for any other kind of deep dish pizza.  It's so good!  The wait is long but it's worth it.  With a bunch of locations in the Chicago area you can't be far from one.  Go get your deep dish on!They have a great idea in that they let you pre-order your meal as you wait in line.  We were told it'll he a 35 minute wait on a Saturday night which was fairly accurate.  Once seated we they told us there was a backlog and it'll be another 25 minutes which was fine since it's still shorter than the normal wait time from ordering when seated.We got the signature Chicago classic. The deep dish pizza here isn't as thick as the other pizza places in town, in fact it's the thinnest deep dish I've seen.   While still tasty, I'm not a fan of how the pizza is layered with the dough first, followed by the sauce, then cheese and meat on top.  Once bitten into, the pizza layers looks like one of those sedimentary rock formation diagrams where each layer is completely separate from each other.  What you have is a sausage layer that comes off from the cheese layer that could be easily peeled off the crust layer.  No integration at all!  Maybe I was over hyping the place in my mind, but I was a bit disappointed with the pizza here.While in Chicago I ate pizza 3 nights in a row, and this was the best. The sauce was literally heaven in your mouth. It was tangy and sweet all at the same time. I knew the tomatoes were fresh because we order an appetizer of bruschetta and the tomatoes were Devine. I usually don't like plain uncooked tomatoes but I was actually scraping these off my plate to eat. If you have only one night in Chicago you should go here for deep dish pizza. Their dessert is really good too! But I can't even put into words how good the sauce was.MMMMM. Deep Dish.Did I mention we opted for the butter crust? Do that, it was delicious. Plus cheese, cheese and more cheeeeese. It is practically a casserole with how much they put on top of (inside of?) one of these things. And I'm totally okay with that. We hit this one around lunch time. It wasn't too crowded and we were seated fairly quick. The staff was attentive and friendly. I was as happy as Schmidt on New Girl eating pizza and dancing. "Welcome back melted cheese!"This review is for someone who would order gluten free pizza, which is what I got.  The crust was mediocre, but I know they offer it as an aside and it's not their specialty; nevertheless, I've had excellent gluten free pizza at Marcellos back in Florida.  Having said that, Others at my table ordered the classic and personal pan pizzas and loved their pizza.My favorite part of the pizza is their sausage! Everything was proportioned perfectly. They deliver too!My friends and I stopped by on a trip to Chicago.  After all, you can't come to Chicago without having a real deep dish pizza.  Although my friends seemed to like it, Lou Malnati's seemed like a hyped up pizzeria.  While it wasn't outstanding, it wasn't terrible either - just mediocre.We were asked to place the order for our pizza before we even got to the table to make sure it would be ready in time.  We ended up getting a deep dish with tomatoes, bell peppers and onions.  The wait was cruel. We weren't waiting that long (maybe 45 min especially in a crowded restaurant), but the smell of pizza permeated the room and made us start to drool.  When the pizza finally came out, I was disappointed with the crust.  It didn't have much flavor and I think the pizza could have used a little bit more tomato sauce.  Other than that, I didn't have any other problems with the food.I understand this is a touristy place so that's probably why I am getting this vibe.  One thing I didn't like though was that service seemed very very rushed.  As soon as we had served the last slice of pizza, out waitress seemed to want us to leave soon.  All in all, I enjoyed my experience but this isn't a place I would suggest making a special trip for.Ah, Lou Malnati's.  Friends from my home in Seattle recommended this as the top Chicago style pizza.  My boyfriend (whose from Chicago) had a different first choice.  With that being said, Lou Malnati's was my 2nd Chicago Style Pizza in Chicago.We ordered a small 'The Malnati Chicago Classil' and their house salad.  I loved the salad.  I'm not a big fan of sweet dressings, which many like restaurants have, but this one was surprisingly to my liking!   The pizza was sauce, cheese and sausage, but the sausage was basically one big patty that covered the whole pizza.   Sounds strange, but it was very good!  The small ended up being two slices  each.  I wasn't able to finish both of mine and we barely finished the sald.  We both left pleasantly full and not weighed down and gross.  The crust was delicious, but I wished the pizza had was more sauce!The staff was very friendly and service was extremely fast for an early dinner!Stopped in to grab a quick bite as we were meeting people later. Got seated immediately at the bar, which I thought was a good sign to a speedy dinner. Unfortunately, I was sooooo wrong. First of all, the bartender totally ignored us for more than 10 minutes. When we asked what kind of wine they had, we were handed a list and waited another 10 minutes before we could order. Figuring that was a sign of the service, we ordered a pizza quickly, and chose thin crust, thinking it would take less time than Chicago style. Wrong again. We waited for 40 minutes for the pizza to arrive and when it did, it was obviously NOT fresh from the oven, but cold. Perhaps it was not just our night, but I won't be tempted to stop there again. They get two stars for seating us quickly, but the rest of the experience was a zero.I grew up in NY and I've never liked deep dish pizza. But since I was in Chicago, ok why not try 1 of the better rated places just to confirm my bias. Yup still don't like it. And this is why obesity is a problem in the US. If you're normal, you can easily share the personal size with another person. The crust is too thick and too hard (ha, that's what she said...). Too much cheese. Just too much everything.I was only able to eat 1/4 of the pizza and it felt like a giant brick in my stomach for the rest of the day. Had to have some salad for dinner to make myself feel better. Blehh.This was my first stop after checking into my hotel. I was expecting a long wait but was seated right away since it was late January. The bartender said the line is usually out the door when the weather is nice.It was just me so I ordered the Chicago Classic in personal size. It was delicious. The crust had a great butter flavor and it had me wanting more. I just wish it was bigger as it left me hungry and I'm not a big eater normally. Plus it looked a little pathetic and not exactly deep dish. Either way, I'll definitely be back for the delicious taste and ordering a larger size next time.Our first time having Chicago-style deep dish pizza was at Lou Malnati's and we loved it! He had The Malnati Chicago Classic, which had sausage, cheese, and tomato sauce on buttercrust. I had The Lou which is their vegetarian option. It had mushrooms, spinach, tomato sauce and cheese. Both were flavorful and delicious! Definitely coming back here when we come back to visit Chicago. Great food! Great service!Wow, busy as hell. 45 min wait to get a table, but it was so cold, didn't wanna go anywhere else....but daaaaaaamn! Totally worth it!Got me craving deep dish the whole week I was thereOMG, indulge, indulge, indulge! Come HUNGRY. I will guarantee you WILL leave very happy from this place, as I have every time I have been. Don't waste your time going anywhere else, and make sure you get the spinach loaf, it's really tasty.To be honest I have a special place in my heart for deep dished pizza...I grew up eating Uno's and being ruined by their once upon a time dish called the Seadelico which upon no amount of conning could I get them to create again I have been ever on the search for a replacement. And this place wasnt half bad at all. I know its one of those place you just have to try if you're from out of town. Not only was I suggested to try this place out, I was told to try a salad. Its not often one hears the praises for salad at a pizza joint but I was intrigued. And while the salad itself was not inspiring.... the salad dressing was! No, I didnt get a bottle to go because I wasnt checking in luggage... but if I had then I would have purchased a bottle or two. Back to the pizza... no seafood on the menu so the classic was in order. All things considered like the packed venue and a game being on, I was happy with the turn around time it took for us to get our large pizza. The buttery crust was good and the ingredients better... but I think its worth checking out their other offerings if given a chance. Still on the search for my seadelico replacement!;DI love Chicago style pizza but I live on the west coast so it is near impossible to find. We got their special pizza and it was absolutely delicious. The tomato sauce they use is fresh, the sausage they use as well seasoned, and the cheese they use is piled on thick. The pizza tastes better with every bite and when you get to the end of the pie crust you taste a great butter flavored dough. It is absolutely the best pizza I have had.Good time, staff was very engaging.  Sat at the bar, tried some local brews.  The pizza was outstanding and the calamari appetizer was cooked perfectly with a spicy marinara for dipping.  Good job.I'm visiting Chicago and I know that you cannot leave without having a deep dish which I have never had before... I mean... I love Papa Johns!First, I did not dine here. I requested take out and the timeframe I was advised to pick my pizza up was correct.I have now determined that I'm not a deep dish fan however the flavors involved were on point and seemed more authentic then your usual Pizza Hut. I would recommend anyone who loves cheese and deep dish to come here.Terrible experience.  Hour and a half for the table.  Pre-ordered the pizza, and still waited another 35 minutes.  Nothing is worth this kind of wait.I have to say that I had one of the best service experiences of my life here. Brian was phenomenal!The appetizers were also good BBQ chicken wings and mozzarella sticks, but lets be real...we came for the pizza y the pizza was just so so -- both the think crust y deep dish btw.Probably one of the worst pizzas I've ever had. Avoid it if what you're craving is really really good pizza.Chicago Deep Dish is a classic. Lou Malnati's in my NY opinion is #2 in Chicago, second to Pequod's. Their cheese is fresh and their sauce is very sweet.  I highly recommend ordering it with the butter crust.  The reason I think Pequod's is better is because they feel more personal while the Lou's pizza seems commercial and more like a chain restaurant.  Nonetheless it is very good, just not the best.As a Floridian, I did NOT understand this whole war between New York and Chicago style pizza. In my world, pizza is dough. It has sauce. Sometimes it has meat, olives, pineapple, or other accessories. It has cheese. I like all of those things so that means I typically like pizza.And then,... then I went to Chicago and was taken to Lou Malnati's. I got a fork, I cut into a piece of pizza like it was a freakin' steak, and I ate it. It had a golden, crispy crust.It was like, an inch thick.The flavor of the pepperoni on the top had baked down, deep into the core of the dough. It wasn't greasy. It wasn't salty. It wasn't overdone or over accessorized. It was perfect.That first bite... I.... I can't even describe my feelings. Chicago Deep Dish Pizza. Believe the hype.*side note* - their cheese curd appetizer, OFF THE GOTDAMNED CHAIN.**another side note** - get the cookie dessert, trust me on this one.Okay, lets be clear. These are not pizzas. I don't care what you say. If you can't fold it and hold it, it is not a pizza. These right here are casseroles.And let me tell you, they are the best tasting casseroles you will get in Chicago. I've made the rounds (giordano's, gino's), and the rest pale in comparison to Lou's.I started off by getting the calamari. Lightly breaded with a fresh dipping sauce. The batter wasn't thick, and so you're able to actually able to taste something other than deep fried goop.  It was delicious.When it comes to ordering, me and my compatriots do one thing: We order the Lou Malnati's classic, and then add pepperonis on top. So you're getting sausages, a ton of cheese, and a bed of pepperonis. It takes about 30 minutes to get your casserole, so be patient, grab a beer, and enjoy your company.Once your casserole arrives, your server will chop up your initial pieces, and then its game time. The crust is crispy, flaky, and oh so buttery. The sauce is rich with flavor, and will knock your socks off. The large chunks of italian sausage will not leave you wanting. And to top it off, slices of crispy pepperoni complete the absolutely amazing casserole.We liked it so much we ordered a bunch to take back with us to LA (ask your server on the best way to do it).I had a great experience here, and will definitely be coming back in the near future.Just tried Lou's for the first time last night. I just moved to Chicago a month ago and have already tried Pequod's so the other pizza joints are really going to have to "wow" me after P's. Unfortunately, Lou's was a major fail. I walked in before my friend met me there. I asked for a table for two. They wouldn't sit me until he arrived. The restaurant was virtually empty! What kind of sh*t is that? Not cool. I begged to place the order before he got there so it could be ready in a relatively reasonable time after he arrived.  They supposedly put in the order. However, after he finally showed and after we sat down, we STILL waited another 50 minutes for the "famous" Lou's pizza to come out. First of all, we had ordered a medium. What a huge mistake. It was huge. It could've easily fed four, maybe three fatties haha. Second of all... wait, wait, before I get to that...Is it me or is a pizza supposed to have four specific things: dough, sauce, cheese, and whatever other crap you choose to put on your pie ("toppings"). Well, it was missing one very very vital thing! ...Sauce, sauce, where art thou?! It was seriously just dough, a massive amount of cheese, pepperoni, and GREASE. So much grease that I had to take napkins and soak it up in order to 'enjoy' a slice. [this was my second of all rant]Third: Taste test! The pizza tasted okay but definitely does not win the crown for Chicago's best deep dish. Obviously whoever named it that had either A) not been to Pequod's B) was drunk C) had the munchies (pass it, yo) or D) likes plain ass carb-y cheese dough.No thanks, Lou. I'll pass.First off, I LOVED the Malnati Salad (romaine lettuce, tomatoes, black olives, mushrooms, salami and gorgonzola cheese with Sweet Vinaigrette and romano cheese). Yes, I loved a salad at a pizza place. And the pizza itself was good also. Three stars-good probably. With that and the salad love I'd probably be writing a 4-star review if not for the service. We stopped in on a Friday afternoon... thinking we'd miss the lunch rush around 2pm. No such luck, but we got inside quickly (the line soon snaked outside into the blustery street). Per a recommendation from the hostess, we pre-ordered our pizza before even sitting down. Small deep dish with pepperoni, sausage and mushroom! Seating came soon thereafter, maybe 10 minutes, and we were off and running. Our server was not super personable - but obviously busy so that's understandable. We order up some beers, the salad, and started waiting.And waiting.And waiting.Then the salad came. Beers meanwhile needed replacing. Waiting...Waiting......2nd round of beers show up and the table next to us sits down. Then more waiting. I won't bore you anymore with the copious waiting we experienced, but when the adjacent table got their pizza before us, I'd had enough. We flagged down our hustling server and ask what's up. The only response is, 'yeah it should be out soon'. I agreed. It should be. It better be. (I'm actually angry at this point).When our pie finally showed, no apologies were offered, even though the aforementioned 'other table' had already finished eating theirs. And it's not that I needed free pizza, a comp'ed beer or half off anything, just an apology. An explanation. Anything more than what we got, which was nothing. Poor service experience slides this review down the rating scale to a 2-star. I won't spend my time or money here again.Not big deep dish fan, but we ordered it and it was really good. Nice location, parking wasn't bad at all!You know, I don't really like deep dish "pizza", but of the places to eat it, this place is very good. Giordano's makes stuffed-crust pizza, whereas Lou Manalti's makes a cheese pie using dough and sauce as crust. It's fine. The wait is really long, but the service is generally fun and somewhat friendly. The food other than the pizza is what you'd expect - requisite bar food of mediocre quality that you need so it's not just "pizza" on the menu.Being that its in the River North area where all the clubs are, on a Saturday night it was packed. An hour fifteen wait, no problem, grab a beer and order at the server desk. There is a small quieter upstairs dining room away from all the hustle and bustle. Good for families who actually like to talk to each other. The pizza here compared to the South Loop location lacked a little something. Its still good Lou's but it wasnt as well built and didnt hold itself together like I know Lou does. "The Lou" wasnt bad, although I advise you to finish it at the restaurant rather than the next day.. Malnati's is best when fresh. One of our buddies was allergic to mushrooms, ordered the spaghetti with meat sauce.. guess what was in the meat sauce? C'mon Mr. Malnati, let them have their pasta at least! Other than all that, still a Chicago cornerstone.Lou Malnati's is (from what I hear) the best of the best in Chicago. My friend and I came here on our lunch hour during a conference that was being held down the block. The service was impeccable, the food was delicious, and lucky for us, there was NO WAIT! I want to give this place 5 stars, but it just wasn't the best I've ever had. Everything was fresh and the food was yummy, but there was something that just wasn't 5 stars to me. Nonetheless, it was delicious and if you're in the area you should definitely give it a try for yourself.Overall, Leo Malnati's has a reputation for a reason. It may not be the best thing you've ever eaten, but its worth a try if you're in the area.Best Chicago Deep Dish Pizza ever! If you guys love pizza as much as I do, you all know that the Crust is the best piece. I judge my Chicago Deep Dish pizza on the crust and after trying Pequods and Giordanos, I will always come back to Lous. The crust is flaky, buttery, and their sauce is on point!I recommending eating here for any true deep dish lover.Don't come here unless you are absolutely starving. After just two slices of the Malnati Chicago Classic, I was as stuffed as the deep dish I had just eaten. As filling as the pizza was, I thought the sausage was really excellent, tender and full of flavor. I also really liked how the sweet tang of the tomato sauce cut through the richness of the meat. But I did not care for the dense buttercrust, which was hard and crumbly and reminded me a little of biscotti. I was also turned off by the heavy layer of cheese in the center, which had started to coagulate as it sat and cooled in the pan.Had the pizza not been so heavy, I might have liked it more. I'm glad I tried it though. I'm just not sure if I would have it again.First time experiencing Deep Dish in Chicago and it was really delicious. The server was really helpful to all of us Wisconsinites that needed a bit of help picking the best pizza. He told us about their specials and even brought out a dessert for my friend's birthday without us requesting it. I definitely recommend for a group or just for a dinner. Pizza is greasy but it is sooooo worth it. Just go for a walk in the city and you will feel much better after!The food here was so good, I couldn't order anything else.  I would keep ordering the same thing over and over again.Malnati SaladThe Malnati Chicago Classic™Chocolate Chip PizzaBy the time dessert came around, I was pretty full, so I got a single serving of the Choc. Chip Pizza and it was just enough.My hotel recommended their competitor, but yelp steered me to Lou's.  We ended up going to the competitor the next day, and it felt like going to a Ruby Tuesdays by comparison.  It felt like a tourist trap, whereas Lou's felt like the real thing.  It also tasted much better.Next time I come back to Chicago I am going to come back to Lou's, oh my so delicious!You have to try the Lou Malnati's house special salad!!!! Their dressing is so amazing! It's like apples and bacon, perfect! The pizza is delicious! Chicago is known for deep dish, but their thin crust is good! If you are in Chicago, Lou Malnati's is the pizza place to be! :-)If you eat nowhere else during your stay in Chicago, eat at Lou Malnati's!  The reputation of this place speaks for itself.  This restaurant certainly lived up to its reputation.  Several friends had told me to visit this restaurant while in Chicago and I am so, so, so happy that I did.  Hands down the BEST Chicago-style pizza that I've ever had, and one of the top 5 best pizzas I've eaten ever.  WOW. I ordered the "Malnati Chicago Classic," which came with Lou's lean sausage, some extra cheese and vine-ripened tomato sauce on Buttercrust.  It was positively ambrosial.  The cheese just melted in my mouth and the crust was so crunchy.  It was such a glorious meal on a crisp October day in Chicago.  The personal pan size was enough food for this hungry foodie!The service was great, though you should expect it to take at least 30 minutes for your food to come out (since they put it in the oven and ensure that the crust comes out very nicely).  Also be aware that this restaurant can be PACKED.  We fortunately visited at around 6:30pm on a Tuesday night, so it wasn't too terrible yet.  About half an hour into our dinner, we noticed large groups being turned away because they didn't have reservations and there really wasn't any space.  This restaurant is quite big, space-wise, so that just tells you how popular this place is!  This place is totally worth any wait, in my opinion.I WILL DEFINITELY BE BACK here again next time I'm in Chicago!  What a legend of a place... you've missed out if you went to Chicago without eating at Lou Malnati's pizzeria."Illuminati???" - No, "Lou Malnati".  The number one repeated recommendation from Chicagoans (Chicagans? Chicagies? .....pizza boasters extraordinaire).  So we strolled on over to one of their many locations.  Lemme tell ya, about three dozen other people had the same Saturday night dinner plan ( - das how you know eez gooood - ).  We put our name in for the hour wait and then perched like comfortable little vultures around the bar - hovering over every stool with pending check.After a mere 55-minute wait, two seats opened up at the bar and we settled in and placed our pizza orders.  Drinks were delicious (though, there wasn't a wide variety to the available liquor list) and our pizzas came out of the kitchen in about 20minutes.  SUGGESTION : get the"Individual"-size pizza - mine (tomatoes + spinach + moz) was just the right size without over-stuffing myself.  The flavor : crust was DELISH, but the tomatoes kind of left me with a watery taste (I think it needed some basil / seasoning).For dessert we were served their Chocolate Chip Pizza (a cookie freshly baked up in the individual-sized pan, topped with vanilla bean ice cream, whipped cream, and a cherry).  Do ya see how I said earlier "get the 'Individual'-size pizza"? ....this is why.  You want this cookie pizza after your cheesy pizza.  You just do.  Gooey melted buttery cookie with ice cream - it's fun for kids AND adults alike.Service was great and the buttercrust was just as delicious as everyone had proclaimed it to be.  Sitting at the bar and watching the world series while I was served delicious things was also stellar.  If you're in the area and don't mind a line : GO HERE!  Even if it's to order take-away to binge on buttercrust in the privacy of your own home - I wouldn't judge (it's probably not a bad thing that they don't deliver to my neck of the woods!).  This spot is totally second-date-friendly (for the casual atmosphere, yummy food, and the price).I'm not sure which location I went to last year, nor do I know the exact name of the pizza I ordered (some basic one). I just know I've always hated deep dish pizzas until I took my first bite here! One of the best pizzas I've had in my life. You know you're stuff is good when you've got tourists yearning for your food long after their gone! Do yourself a favor and GO.This place is a must if you are in downtown Chicago!  We got the bruschetta to start, which was fresh and delicious.  For the pizza we devoured the Malnati's Chicago Classic (best sausage pizza I have ever eaten).  To top it off we had the cookie dessert.  Between the five of us it was gone within minutes.  Awesome service (Matt) was just an added bonus!We came here early and didn't have a wait.  What a plus!  Seated right away!  Service was helpful and friendly.  We got the Malnati Salad and it was good.  The dressing was delightful and the bacon bits too.  We also got the Lou.  My only complaint is the crust was too soggy.  It didn't have that delicious buttercrust that usually holds its form.   It was still good but for me what makes a pizza is that nice crunchy crust.  That was a disappointment.  I've had the Malnati at another location and the crust was outstanding.  I am hesitant to return to this location if the crust is not up to par.  In the meantime, I will try other pizza establishments.Lou's!  On my most recent trip to Chicago, I made it a point to check out Lou Malnati's in order to compare it with my deep dish experience at Gino's East...  it didn't disappoint!We must have arrived at a good time (~5pm), because there was only a 20 minute wait when we showed up for a table and the waiting area was somewhat empty.  Per custom, we went ahead an placed our order with the hostess before being seated...  Large Chicago Classic with Buttercrust.When our table was ready, we went upstairs to a somewhat cramped room.  It kind of reminded me of small American/Italian joints back in the burgh.  After scarfing down on some appetizers (it had been a long day), our pizza finally came.  As soon as the server placed a slice on my plate I dove in.B.u.t.t.e.r.c.r.u.s.t. - that's all that needs said.  Definitely a distinguishing feature of Lou's.  Kinda reminded me of a croissant or biscuit pie-like crust...  super crumbly and rich.  However, while the crust was out of this world (definitely better than Gino's), Lou ultimately fell short on what I'd consider the quality of the toppings.  Not to say they're bad, they're just perhaps not as good as they could be.Regardless, I'd definitely pay another trip to Lou Malnati's next time I head to the windy city!Apparently, this is the de-facto best place for deep dish pizza in Chicago.  And the line definitely showed it when I went.  The wait for this place was about an hour, and then another 15 minutes for our food.  It was a long wait, but well worth it.I had always assumed Chicago deep-dish pizzas were monstrous, but I was actually surprised to find that it was not as I had assumed.  The pizzas are good-sized, but not the behemoths I had always imagined.  Don't get me wrong though - they are really filling!  3 slices and you'll be stuffed.Definitely the Lou and Malnati namesake pizzas are the way to go.  Delicious, cheesy, and filling.  My only complaint aside from the wait was that I'm not a huge fan of the crust.  It's very... crusty.  It's a bit hard - not soft, yet crispy as I like.  But to each, his own.  Still a definitely great place!What exactly can you not brag about in this place??  The only other thing I wanted to do when I came to Chicago, other than go to my concert, was eat Chicago style deep dish and this place seriously delivered.  It really was a no-brainer since it's advertised so many times on Food Network shows, etc. on where to eat in Chicago so I was a bit worried about the touristy feel of the place.  No problem.  It may be where the tourists go, but it was also quite obvious that it's also where the locals go.I knew the pizza would impress but the service was bar none.  Our server was HIGHLY knowledgeable about what we should order as newbies and suggested their house salad along side our pizza and I'm so glad he did.  That is seriously one of the best salads I've had and went with the pizza so so well!  As for the pizza, duh, it was fantastic.  We went 1/2 and 1/2 and both sides were mouth watering. No words other than, GO.  You won't regret it!  Great food. Great staff!!  We will be back Lou!!! No worries!!Terrible service from beginning to end for such an established restaurant. Avoid Kate as your server. Actually, just avoid this restaurant location all together. Two pizza orders were missed altogether. Appetizer and salad were forgotten as well and ended up arriving after our pizza arrived.Soup tasted like it was out of the can. Chicken wings were compared to Tyson's freeze able wings you find at your local grocer. Pizza crust was ok, but overloaded with cheese.  When it came time to pay the bill, we had 5 cards, but only one with a different amount to charge. We instructed Kate to charge $17 on one card and $34 on each of the rest of the cards. Somehow, she managed to overcharge THREE cards THREE times!! On top of that, one card was charged $102. Where did that amount even come from?? She correctly refunded the overcharges, but three times? Really??Apologies were made, but it didn't do anything to takeaway the bitter taste left in our mouths. We considered complaining to the manager, but what compensation would make a difference? We're from out-of-town and definitely will not be returning to this establishment.You know it's bad when I say, "I would've rather eaten at McDonalds."  I only bust that out for an elite few. WOW.  And let's face it, it's pretty hard to not like a pizza. Thin pizza tasted reheated from the freezer section at the grocery store. Deep dish came cold and the sauce tasted canned and bland--watery. Yes, I tried both butter crust and regular crust--one was bland, one just tasted like butter. What's up with no veggie options other than a spinach mix (mix? No fresh options)????  Salad came with a ton of chopped, old looking tomatoes on them--I had to pick through the heap that was thrown on it.  The clincher? My husband cut his lip on a chipped beer class. It happens--it sucks, but whatever right?  We pointed it out to waitress and she promptly took it back with it being a  little over half full. She didn't bring him back a full beer!  Meaning: they had either re-poured his other beer into a new glass (um hello?) or only poured the new glass that full. I had to say something--really????? C'mon now.  Sorry, his lip is bleeding--don't insult us. I have been to Giordorno's twice and have always melted on the first bite.  I am soooooooo mad at myself that I wasted a precious Chicago meal on this place. I'm blown away at how bad it was. Completely blown away.This is giant no from me.I'm someone who had Chicago deep dish pizza catered at his wedding, so yes, I love pizza, but Lou Malnati's disappointed me. Ordered the Malanati classic. The full layer of sausage was just too much for me, especially since the sausage wasn't very flavorful. The cheese wasn't very high quality and the sauce was bland and minimal. The only reason I gave 2 stars is because the customer service was fantastic.Best deep dish pizza in my book!! We just had a regular pepperoni deep dish pizza and the cheese was just oozing off the tops of the pizza. Yum! There was also a pepperoni with every bite I had!We were visiting Chicago for the first time and was referred to this place by EVERYONE in the area.This was our 2nd night out and we just had an AMAZING first experience w/ deep dish pizza the night before at Pizzaria Uno (the crust was garlic-buttery crisp, not too thick, and the fillings - sausage, marinara, mozz - was absolutely to die for). It was so great we wanted deep dish pizza again.It was a Friday night, 6pm, was told it there would be a 45 min wait but we can pre-order our pizza since it takes about 30-45 min to prep/bake. Ok, fine, no biggie. We waited 45 minutes the night before.An hour and 35 minutes later of standing room only (the front half of the restaurant were all the patrons waiting in every available inch of space, the back half was a small room of tables).We sat down, was thanked for waiting (props on the customer service), and ordered the rest of our food (cesar salad & drinks).  Our waitress was friendly and considerate and was swamped but took good care of us - drinks were refilled, food came out as soon as it was ready.After waiting almost 2 hours (1 hr and 55 minutes) for our pizza, we were excited when it arrived. And then sadly very disappointed.The Lou Malnati Chicago Classic (sausage, cheese, sauce, butter crust):Soggy, crust. toppings/fillings were fine, but the crust. yuck. this is exactly what i was afraid chicago deep-dish style pizza would be.  Maybe it was a bad night, maybe they rushed this and took it out too soon, but just. YUCK.The salad came after the pizza and was covered in dressing. no green was left untouched. I couldnt even finish a small plate. GROSS.OVERALL EXPERIENCE: 2 STARS1 - WAIT - 2 stars. expected for a friday night. about 1hr 30min, crammed standing room only - i was backed into a wall, a coat rack, and banners several times2 - SERVICE - 5 stars. great service. definitely experienced.3 - FOOD - NO STARS. hopefully we were just the one bad pizza. and one bad salad.If I get a chance to go back, I'm not coming here again. SO disappointed.Went here on a Saturday night at 7 pm and it was so incredibly crowded that we were barely able to squeeze into the door, into the back to back crowd of people around the bar.  Dinner waiting list was an hour and a half long, so we just had a drink and then left.  It was impossible to even turn around to see who was standing up against your back or leaning on each side of you.The bartender was doing a great job, as no one appeared to be wanting for a drink.  When my boyfriend (who was 3 people back) from the bar raised his hand, she immediately took his beer order, which was impressive with the crowd all around.All I can say is that it MUST be good!!!We had these delivered all the way from Chicago. It was frozen and one of my coworkers baked it at home :)I've had too many bad experiences with bad (soggy crust) pizza that I've become extremely wary of pizzas. Nevertheless, Lou Malnati surprised me with the crispy crust which tasted more like biscuits. Also, even though it was deep dish, the crust wasnt too thick and there was lots of cheese, just the way I like it! My coworker told me that the pizzas are even better fresh. Definitely looking forward to try this if/when I visit Chicago!My Chicago friends swear by Lou Malnati's as THE place for deep dish pizza in the Windy City. We ended up at the original Wells location for tradition's sake, but the quality of food is equally good at all the locations.  Expect a wait... this place is not a hidden gem but a popular destination experience for locals and tourists alike. But there's a bar and a good local beer (Goose Island 312) so relax.Once you get to a table, expect quality service but another wait... those deep-dishers take a while to cook , you know.  But again, enjoy a salad and go with the flow. The Chicago classic is a must order, with its buttery cornbread crust. But the surprise of the night is that the thin crust is also wonderful!  So get one of each. Better yet, order the thin crust as an appetizer and the deep dish as your entree!Tried the Malnati Chicago Classic and it was sooo good! Does it get any better than sausage that covers the entire pizza? Also, the servers were attentive (always kept and my beer full) and friendly. Highly recommended.I haven't had deep dish pizza in probably 25 years. It's usually a bit too much for me. I'm a thin crust loving kind of gal. The pie here totally changed my entire perception of pizza. You really can love both types! Who knew? A good friend suggested Lou's to me and I'm forever grateful! I had never heard of butter crust and the first bite silenced me into very happy noshing. It was incredible! Soft crust and yet crispy in all the right places with bubbling, gooey cheese. Absolutely sublime.BEST DEEP DISH. EVER. and also, SAUSAGE CRUSTED PIZZA (not on the menu, you have to ask for it)! the atmosphere of this place is killer, feels like where Al Capone would do his business if he wanted to eat pizza while he was doing so. there's a bar by the entrance with a couple people watching baseball on TV, and further inside it's slightly dim with sports memorabilia all over the walls. It definitely has an old-school feel to it, which i absolutely loved! we walked in on a wednesday at 4pm with a party of 3, because we heard the line and wait gets pretty bad later on. we went with a Chicago native who comes to Lou's pretty often, and says it's one of his favorite places! we got seated right away, and there were already a few parties inside enjoying their deep dish, and it looked thick and delicious!!!  the decor makes it appear much less like a family establishment than Girodano's, and more like where middle aged Chicagoans come to play poker or enjoy cigars. but there were quite a few families inside. our waiter was extremely friendly and answered all the questions we had. we ordered a Lou's deep dish, and since my boyfriend is gluten free, they offered a standard 10'' gluten free pizza, or they revealed to us a CRUSTLESS PIZZA, where sausages ARE the crust!!! I had no idea how that would work, but we were about to find out!  pizzas come in the size of small, medium, large, and extra large. our waiter warned us that the crustless pizza is some heavy stuff, and that a medium size would be a hike, but the large would be a trek... so we went for the large!!one bite into the deep dish and i was SOLD. it was PACKED with fresh, gooey cheese and the toppings were so savory and flavorful! Also, the crust was just thick enough to still feel like a crust but have the texture of really tender bread. and one bite into the crustless pizza, my boyfriend was in HEAVEN! he ate almost the entire pizza by himself! the sausages were molded into crust form, and it was packed tight with cheese, with additional mushroom and peppers on top! it was some legitimate sausage crust, and definitely one of the most innovative pizzas I've ever had! it had about twice the flavor of the deep dish pizza, but that's probably because the sausages are super salty and there is no bread to mediate... INTENSE STUFF!you can tell all the ingredients are fresh, and the crustless pizza is perfect for those who are allergic to gluten but still want a packed mouthful of flavors! GF pizza crusts tend not to be very good... so why not get rid of it entirely!? pizzas take a while to make as they are fresh, so if you are starving maybe some salad will hold you over... the service is wonderful and the waiters personally serve each slice to you, although we started serving ourselves because it personally feels awkward to be waited on. DEFINITELY TRY THIS PLACE IF YOU ARE IN CHICAGO! the food AND the atmosphere is worth the wait!!!This was my first trip to Chicago and my first taste of real deep dish pizza... It was the BEST deep dish pizza I've ever had!! It was like my heaven in pizzeria-dome. I got the regular deep dish, Malnati's Chicago Classic. It's made with fresh tomatoes, mozzarella, and perfectly seasoned leaned sausage. Best choice ever. The cheese was rich and flavorful. It's just so dang good oozing out of the loaf. There's something about the pizza dough that made me instantly fall in love with Lou Malnati's. The buttercrust pizza was so so delicious, crunchy and oh so buttery. I quickly began to devour the beast. I'm not a deep dish expert but Lou's definitely served a high quality pie. I can't believe how good that pizza was, way better than anticipated... The pizza was very filling. I couldn't eat more than one slice, sadly. I WANNA GO BACK!P.S - Our server looked exactly like Leonardo DiCaprio- A much younger version of course. Heh.This is based on the thin crust.Dominoes Pizza has better thin crust. Slow Service.Over priced.Seriously nothing special and over-hyped. Try somewhere else if you're looking for thin crust.In town on business, and wanted to experience Chicago pizza first hand. All the positive Yelp ratings directed me here and it didn't disappoint! Its a bit of a wait (45 min) to get a table at dinnertime, but it was well worth it. To start we polished off some buffalo wings, followed by the Lou's pizza (w/o mushrooms), as I don't eat pork. I was a bit disappointed that there were no beef options as toppings, but the pizza was still amazing. I'd definitely recommend it!An amazing pizza. The whole experience was fun & lively. I highly recommend the pizza and they make great lemon drop martinis, too. Kyle was our server and made the whole night even better!Better than Gino's in my opinion and very good Calamari!I've always wanted to enjoy a real Chicago style deep-dish pizza.  And Lou's seemed like the perfect spot to do just that.  We wandered by late on a Sunday night.  The lobby was packed.  And the wait for a table was 30 minutes.  The good news is, order your pizza now, so it's almost ready by the time you get to a table.  Thanks Tiffany for the very important bit of info.Service was decent.  The pizza was amazing.  I love this crust.  The crust could get by on it's own.  Thank god it doesn't have to. So much cheese.  A mountain of cheese.  and sausage.  Whoever thought of putting a huge patty on the pizza pie was a genius.  And the sauce is just about perfect.We got a small for 2 people.  And it was more than we could eat.  The good news for real Lou pizza nuts, they ship nationwide.  Check their website.This was my very first time trying deep-dish pizza! I've heard how long the wait can be at this place, but my friends and I arrived just a few minutes after opening so we were seated almost immediately. My friends and I ordered 2 large deep-dish pizzas: the Lou's and pepperoni/sausage. Between the 6 of us in the group, 2 large pizzas was more than enough. Each of us had 2 slices and were already full. Out of the 2 pizzas we ordered, I really liked the pepperoni/sausage.Being from the west coast, I was happy to learn that you can actually order Lou's online and they'll have it delivered! A few weeks later a few friends and I tried it, they deliver it frozen, put it in the oven for about 45 minutes and bam! got yourself deep-dish pizza from Chicago, still tasting pretty good.Was out here for a conference and just had to try the famous Lou Malnati's deep dish pizza. We came during the lunch hr rush, surprisingly as busy as they were we got seated in about 15min. We wanted to order one of the fun custom pies but when we found out it would take over an hr for it to come out, we settled on getting the 6' lunch specials which would be ready in less than 15min.So I had thought I have had good pizza before, I was totally wrong. Having a traditional Chicago deep dish in Chicago was an experience. Everything from the crunchy buttery crust, layers of thick mozzarella cheese interspaced with sausage and pepperoni was just superb. I was also surprised by how a small 6' pizza left us all feeling so stuffed afterwards. Can't wait to come back the next time I'm in town!Had the Lou special pizza with the sausage and butter crust.  Also had them add some garlic.  Out of this world.  Gives Lombardies in NYC a run for its money. Might even be better. Service was great. Be ready to wait 35 mins for them to make it (they do warn you in advance).  Totally worth it.What visit to Chicago would be complete without some deep dish? It was my first stop in Chicago and it is clearly the place to be on a Friday night. With an hour wait, I was starving, but they do conveniently let you pre-order your pizza beforehand since it takes 40+ minutes to cook. Luckily, there was a bar next door and we were able to drink the time away! By the time our table was ready, we were in very good spirits and couldn't wait for some delicious deep dish pizza!Ordered the Lou's, which had tomatoes on top and spinach and other ingredients inside. It was a very good pizza and had a nice buttery crust.We also ordered a classic pizza, which just had cheese inside. My favorite is the Lou's, which was not nearly as heavy as the classic pizza. I can see why people flock to this place and I would certainly come back when I'm in town.Haven't had many chances to try REAL deep dish pizza living in S Florida but I've had it a few times in my travels and let me just say that Lou Malnati's is the best I've had! I was working in Chicago with a group and on our last night in town, we decided to have a few Lou Malnati's pizzas delivered to the hotel right before they closed for the evening. We ordered 3 large pizzas for a group of 12 hungry people. I had no idea how big they would be and how HEAVY The boxes were!! When I met the guy In the lobby, he handed me the boxes and I had to take the elevator to the top floor and walk to the end of the hall and I literally had to stop partway because the boxes were so heavy! We ordered two all veggie pizza's and a sausage and pepperoni and I was starving. After devouring 1 slice, I tried to get another but was so full off of my first slice that I could barely get two bites from the second slice. Everyone LOVED it and all we could do was bite, chew, and say Mmmmm. The room was silent aside from the Mmmmm sounds being made. The pizza was cheesy, saucy, and flavorful and absolutely PERFECT! I didn't taste the meat pizza but the veggie pizza has to be the best pizza...not just deep dish pizza but overall, the best I've had in life and yes, I've eaten plenty of NYC pizza. Still don't understand what all the hype is about there. Chicago style deep dish pizza is FANTASTIC at Lou Malnati's!Great pizza and friendly service. The crust here is very good; however, my favorite pizza place in Chicago is still Gino's East, but Lou Malnati's is a fine substitute.I was ravenous when we finally arrived here! I only ate one meal the day before and it took us an hour to get here because we were lost on our bikes. The deep dish Chicago style pizza takes 30 minutes, so we ordered an appetizer and salad, stat. I ate a lot, my friends commented on how they never seen me eat so much before.Combination Platter- Mozzarella sticks, cheddar cubes, breaded mushrooms and zucchini. Served with ranch and marinara sauce.Surprisingly, it wasn't too greasy. The breading was crispy. Malnati Salad- Romaine lettuce, tomatoes, black olives, mushrooms, crumbled Volpi salami and gorgonzola cheese with Sweet Vinaigrette and romano cheese.I'm glad I decided to order this salad to balance out the platter of fried food and pizza. The salad was outstanding and not just a filler! I didn't even need salad dressing for it, but it became even tastier than I thought possible. When everyone was done with eating the salad, I finished it off.The Malnati Chicago Classic- Made with Lou's lean sausage, some extra cheese and vine-ripened tomato sauce on Buttercrust. We ordered a small. The menu says it serves 2, but there were 4 slices which was enough for us. My friends loved the butter crust and I liked the sausage. But by the time the pizza arrived, I was already stuffed! I ate less than half a slice. I know, I know. I should've saved more room for it to get the full experience, but that salad... nom!Every time I'm in Chicago I have to go to Lou's. It's perfect deep dish pizza! Coming from Brooklyn, home of the "foldable slice", it's nice to have something different. Pizza with a knife and fork is a big change for a New Yorker but as long as it tastes this good, I'm willing. Awesome pizza! You have to try it.So our last night in Chicago and my friend texted me saying we have to try their deep dish pizza. Initially we were planning to go to Giordano's but they closed at 10pm. Not giving up, we continued our search and realized that Lou Malnati's was opened till 11. It was already 10:15pm, and we were pretty far so I called to placed an order for take out (it takes 30 mins to make) and then we ran through Chicago getting lost multiple times before we finally made it at 11:15pm. Fortunately, they still let us in to pick up our pizza and we left happy.  With regards to the pizza itself, I ordered the small 10" Lou deep dish, but that was enough to feed all three of us. It was very heavy and filling.Pic: yelp.com/user_local_phot…Yummy pizza! I went in for a late lunch and I had the sausage and pepperoni. I love the ratios of all the ingredients, but the best thing about the pizza is the crust. When you think of butter crust, you don't realize how light it's going to be. The bottom had a nice crunch and the sides were perfect and thin. I might need to order some online :)Food:The butter crust here is much better than the cornbread crust at Giordano's in my opinion. The wait is long but that's expected with a Chicago deep dish pizza place. The deep dish sausage & pep pizza was really good & we had a baked cookie with ice cream for desert that was sinful! Portions are huge! A small or medium pizza is enough for two people for sure!Service:Our server was so helpful, so friendly, & very attentive.Open pretty late 11pm and weekends 12amAtmosphere:Great memorabilia all over the walls, comfy booths (large & small) plus tables. Good lighting. Average noise. Conclusion:I would definitely go back!Came in to experience their deep dish pizza. not that crowded on a saturday afternoon. but man the wait for a pizza was sure long. I was surprised by the lack of fillings, was expecting it to be somewhat deeper. anyway, spent about 8 bucks for a personal size house special sausage pizza, wish there was more meat. oh well.at least i can say i have had it and thats' about itBest Chicago Style Pizza...so farI'm going to hold off on giving a pizza place in Chicago 5 stars until I've tried all the deep dishes in the area, but out of Gino's, Uno's (and Due), and Lou Malnati's, Lou Malnati's wins, hands down. I think the thing that stands out at Lou Malnati's is the fresh tasting tomato sauce and the crust. The crust was a perfect crispiness, and a good amount of it too (some places have too much crust and it's like eating bread with cheese).The toppings are good too...the cheese is top notch, the sausage is good too, and although they don't put an entire patty on the pizza like Gino's, sausage still covers the entire pie.Be prepared to wait 35-40 minutes for your pizza. Ordering a salad or appetizer may make this time go by faster.Tips: You can order the pizzas online, frozen, to your house. My grandma sends me some pies every Valentine's day (they have heart-shaped!)Also, I hear Pizano's is the same recipe as Lou Malnati's, so try that place too.Deep Dish with a crispy crust? These guys have got it.We went on a Saturday around 7 - the wait was about an hour. You preorder your pizza and drinks too so you don't spend forever waiting at your table. For the crowd they had, the staff is super efficient. The pizza was quite good and one of the better deep dish pizzas I've had in awhile. I'll be bringing my Chicago tourist friends back for future deep dish experiences.When in Rome...well, in Chicago...you've got to try the deep dish pizza once. I'm not a pizza person, really, hardly ate it back home unless someone else insisted on getting one. So, first day out we came to LM's for the famed Chicago deep dish. We had "The Lou" which featured marinara sauce, cheese, spinach, and mushrooms topped with slices of fresh tomatoes. The pizza came out piping hot (so do let it cool a bit, lest you want to burn your tongue and kill all the taste buds along with the burn). The first bite of the gooey cheese oozing and steaming along with the tomato, sauce, etc. did not disappoint. It made my taste buds do a little dance! The crust was light and buttery in spite of its thickness. Loved it, I dare say! A great start for our Chicago experience. Only complaint here was that the sauce was not evenly distributed so that portions near the edge were lacking this deliciousness. This was Sunday lunch.Then after a horrible experience at another deep dish joint, we returned on Wed for lunch to erase the bad taste from our mouths and memories. This time we had a half-&-half, "The Lou" and pepperoni/sausage/mushroom combo, with extra sauce. While the toppings were still perfectly done, given it was half/half the tomato slices were smaller in order to fit in the tinier space. And while the crust was still good, it was not as light and buttery as the one we had on Sunday...go figure. Still we enjoyed it very much. I have to say we like LM better than the others we've tried, not just in Chicago but elsewhere also. For deep dish, LM is the one to beat. Off course we didn't try its other locations, but it sure makes for a great reason to try them all. Too bad, we had to leave and couldn't get to them.For the 3 of us, we ordered the small (we're light eaters). Medium in deep dish would have been way too much, and we couldn't deal with leftovers at the hotel. Am I now converted to deep dish? ...only in Chicago at LM's.One minor complaint, the hostess on Wed was not very nice to us. For every table she led customers to, she'd lay out the menus in front of each place setting, but she simply tossed the 3 menus onto the center of the table for us. (No, the place was not busy since it was past the lunch hour rush.) She did, however, say "Have a good day" when we left.Yo, idk. I much prefer my Pizzeria Regina over in Boston, but I guess it's just different strokes for different folks.My friend and I waited for about an hour for our pizza (at 2:30 pm on a Saturday). So, while I get that this is a popular place, it just seemed odd to me that at 2:30 it took an hour to make a deep dish pizza for two (9"). Whatever, I was sitting at the bar crushing a couple of Goose Island IPAs to kill the time. So once the pizza arrived, I rolled up my sleeves and was ready to have at it. Used a fork and knife, because everyone else was doing it, which was probably because there's a lotta sauce, cheese, etc in there. It was A-OK. The sauce was nice and tomato-y, the cheese..well it was cheesy, and the other veggies we had in our pizza tasted just like regular, normal vegetables. This wasn't the magical experience people had to described it to me as. It was just good, standard pizza. I'm never waiting an hour again for it though.6/7/2013: This was an overall unfortunate experience (but the rest of Chicago has been quite enjoyable to check out)! First, I was told there would be a 35 minute wait. Over an hour later, and after witnessing multiple parties of two who had been seated before me but had arrived after me, I approached the hostess and was told that I was next for a 2-top (I was dining alone). Why were the parties of 2 who arrived after me seated before me?!? At that point, I still thought it would be worth it. Then I received my pizza and wished I'd ordered room service at my hotel instead. It was warm, but not enough for the cheese to stretch at all. Table service left much to be desired. What a disappointment!Lou's is so delicious! My husband and I used to come here once a week on our date night. The ingredients are so fresh, and the tomato sauce is authentic Sicilian. The Chicago Classic was my husband's favorite, although I loved the Supreme. A must have if you will be visiting the area!My friends were joking that Lou Malnati's sounds like illuminati if you say it fast.  Well I'm pretty sure that if there is a secret organization of powerful and influential elite, they would come here for their pizza.My group arrived right around opening time and got seated right away.  A few touristy pictures later and before we knew it, the place was packed.We got the cheesy bread and the garlic bread as appetizers because we were all determined to tackle these carbs head on.  Our pizzas finally arrived and they were great of course.  The Lou comes with spinach, mushrooms, tomatoes and reminded me of a delicious casserole.  The classic meat pizza had a buttery crust and some really flavorful sausage. All in all, this place lives up to the hype!  Be sure to arrive early...and about 30 minutes before you hit starvation.My fave Deep Dish in the city.  We usually get delivery from their Bucktown/Wicker Park Take out location.  The Lou is our fave.  So flavorful - the crust is spectacular and they really get the seasoning and flavor right on that pie.  Delivery takes a bit, since the pizza takes a while to cook, but not too terrible compared to what you have to wait when you dine in anyway.  Bette than the competitors on price, and taste in my opinion! Thanks Lou!To preface this review, Lou Malnati's was my first authentic deep dish experience so perhaps my review is tainted by California-styled pizza. My friend and I split a small Malnati Chicago Classic. I was surprised at how lasagna-like the pizza was. Though I appreciated the freshness of the vine-ripened tomato sauce, the pie was really heavy on the cheese and sausage. I wish there could have been another component to brighten up the pie and to make it less heavy. However, very friendly staff and only 20 minutes wait time on a Friday night.decent pizza..their thin crust and deep dish both are good, but A-OK.I think Gino is better.I also went back for their lunch special deal...not much of a deal...rather disappointing at their chicken salad. dressing was too fattening.It is a ok place to go if you are in the hood. or for one time try.Very mediocre pizza. :(. I love that it is loaded with cheese. For a place that is very nice and lovely, the food is cheap. Less than $10 for an individual pizza and the ones that serve 1-2 ppl are less than $20. The location is gorgeous. Pizza wasn't great though. I forgot our server's name but he was sooo nice. I wish I had asked for his name. Service A+.Location and interior A.Food, the pizza was good but I personally didn't LOVE it. B. I would come back to try other things on the menu.Price to food ratio A+.Mike, our server was phenomenal.  He was super friendly and gave us the best recommendations.   We preordered our pizza after we put our names down for a table.  We waited for about 30 mins.  Not long after we got seated, our orders came out.  The deep dish pizza had a good crust and the filling had just the right amount of cheese.   The Italian roast beef sandwich was juicy.  The restaurant was run very efficiently and staff was friendly.  I would definitely be back next time I'm in town.They have so many kind of pizza. I tried deep dish pizza and it was ok. For the money I paid and the time I waited in line, I would has expected better taste.I so want to be a fan to Chicago style pizza. So. But this place could not make me stray from my love of NY style pizza. I love the fact that the pizzas seem to be fresh or at least it takes 35 minutes to get one (not a bad thing, just be advised). Overall, I liked the fact that there was a veggie "lou" pizza and that one slice alone is totally filling because of its density. The place is a bit dark, puts you into a post prandial coma. The sports memorabilia is very "chicago" and fun to look at. Great service and those waitresses seem to get a fabulous upper bod workout dishing out those slices.Two selfish reasons I look forward to out of town visitors: 1) I get to experience tourist-y activities that I normally would not make time for, and 2) they always want to try deep dish pizza.Lou's beats Giordano's hands down in my book. I like that they don't overdo the sauce, use a little bit more cheese, and LAYER on the sausage (guh). And I never have any complaints about the buttery, crisp crust. The wait can get ridiculous so be prepared to grab some curb space and get friendly with your neighbor or just take it to go. Either way, it's worth it.(Secrets revealed: the last time I had Lou's it was with my boyfriend, and the time before my coworkers and I ordered it for a Friday treat yo'self. Deep dish isn't just to appease the tourists!)Talk about dying and going to pizza heaven! The whole night is an experience, so don't plan on being in an out in hour. The restaurant is lively, the service is fantastic and the pizza is unreal. I always make sure I get my Lou's fix whenever I'm in Chicago.You go in, tell them what you want and then you go grab a drink or 8 and when you sit down you don't have to wait for your pizza to cook cause this thing is a solid 3 feet high and packed with 17 pounds of ingredients. OK so maybe I'm exaggerating a little bit, but what I will not exaggerate about is the portion size. PLEASE TRUST THE MENU. I thought I was a big eater until I was humbled by this pizza. My friend and I opted for the 4 person serving. We ate it all under the assumption that the leftovers wouldn't taste as good the next day. Just because something is true doesn't mean you should do it. I got food wasted and walked around the river walk trying to hold in everything.Cheesy cheesy hot steamy gooey deep dish goodness...wow...ordered in a large deep dish LOU's  pizza which is..Spinach mix, mushrooms and sliced roma tomatoes covered with three cheeses...on that yeasty incredible crunchy amazing crust. I love the fact they do not precut this masterpiece to keep it juicy hot and perfect upon delivery. We had received the pizza in under 40 minutes and that first bite was like a symphony playing on your palette. Great job on creation to destination. I will be a regular for sure....if u haven't indulged as of yet...u haven't had great Chicago love yet..go for it.I was in Chicago for a few days, and I figured that I needed to try some Chicago pizza while I was in town.  I asked several bartenders for their pizza recommendation, and Lou Malnati's was the unanimous choice.After several beers I walked in on a Saturday night, and not surprisingly was met with a large crowd.  However, they're obviously used to it, and had a system to keep things moving.  Name on a wait-list, menu to review, spot to pre-order the pizza, and a bar to grab a drink at while waiting to be called (the bar could be bigger, but it is what it is).Pizza was good, perhaps not great, but dang good.  And not surprisingly, since it is Chicago deep dish pizza after all, it was *filling*.  Wow, I left stuffed.  And happy.I wasn't blown away by this pizza, which really upset me. Why didn't I love it!! Why???The crust just wasn't for me. It was very crispy and buttery but too hard. There was none of the soft, moist bready center that other Chicago deep dishes feature. Some people may enjoy the fact that the crust has a substantial amount of density, but I wanted something with more yeast, a little lighter. The sauce was unremarkable and the big sausage patty was good, but on the overwhelming side. The pizza was good, but I wouldn't head back here for my signature Chicago-style. It's all a matter of personal preference. Find your own!Still great Chicago pizza.  Coupled with a spinach salad, it was a full meal.My fiance and I went there and enjoyed a Classic Chicago with Peperoni, Green Pepper, Garlic and Onion.  A mug of Goose Island Matilda went well with it.The service was fast and no-nonsense.Absolutely amazing deep dish pizza! I had a small Chicago special with added basil mix and pepperoni. It was a bundle of cheesey, deep, goodness :) Also, the crust was a perfect combo of buttery and crisp!Highly recommend!Fantastic service, comfortable decor, affordable prices, mouthwatering wings, and the best F-ing pizza I have ever had in my life. Every component felt fresh and the crust was perfectly crusty and added to the perfect bite. Chicago, you are awesome.Pro Tip: Expect there to be a wait. Just know that it's totally worth it!Not a big fan of deep dish (I love NYC Style pizza) but this place was something else. The Lou's signature pie is the way to go and you won't be disappointed. The service is attentive and lively as well. Def must try out place when your'e in chitown.Hey Yelp Family, Here's another Establishment I get the pleasure to share with others. Don't take your children to this location. I repeat DON'T take your CHILDREN TO THIS ESTABLISHMENT ! Yesterday after flying home for some R and R a friend wanted to take me out as a welcome home present of sorts, I love pizza, cheese, beef anyone sans the pork toppings, I traditionally stay in the land of Giordano's and or Edwardo's for my pizza satisfaction. Never being to a Lou Malnatti's and hearing the fan fare of this establishment, I wanted to try.I arrive to Lou Malnati's and thought nice enough establishment, the hostess greeted me in 0.5 secs and they were very nice got me seated and my party walked in 2 min later consisting of one woman and her daughter. Excitedly the both embrace me and say hi.The waiter comes by and seems perturbed that we don't know what we want as he did come to the table about 2mins after the main body of the party (my friend and her daughter).  We said asked for a few mins and as so much time had passed we got sidetracked about time with conversation, but again the server came to our table 5min after the first time, then told us that the order usually takes 30 min to prepare and get out, after saying this I said oh , is that why you seem so pressed for the order to go in? thanks for the heads up. I order a small cheese pizza  and she orders the chocolate pizza. the Chocolate Pizza is a must have they did a great job, also a cosmo and a dirty martini.I've visited Chicago for work several times but never get to enjoy or explore the city. I had 3 hours to kill and a rumbling tummy so I opted to try out what I heard was the best deep dish in Chi-Town. Went to Malnati's on Wells and ordered the Classic. TO.DIE.FOR. I'm from NYC so I am a bit of a "pizza snob" according to friends. This was well worth the hype. Delicious sauce, perfect amount of cheese, buttery delicious flaky crust. Everything deep dish should be. It will be a staple stop for me every time I come here. I am still thinking about it 5 days later and may have to order it shipped to California.Excellent deep dish pizza. Nice, buttery crust and very generous with the cheese and pepperoni. A bit annoying having to wait 30 minutes, my tip would be to go during off peak hours.Also, don't order the personal sized deep dish pizza. It's the saddest looking thing. It's shocking that they serve that; it's 90% bread.Being in Chicago for the first time, there are a few musts that you have to do Having a Chicago dog, and a deep dish pizza was on my list. I decided to go to Lou's since they had the best reviews and it was conveniently located next to a subway station. At it's peak hours, their might be a huge wait, but it is definitely worth it. I would say order their larger sizes if you are planning on sharing. Also, if you enjoy their pizza, you can buy frozen ones to take home with you. I purchased $60 worth of pizza for my friends and family. I would definitely come back when I'm in Chicago.As a (former) Chicagoan, I am pretty feisty when it comes to pizza.  Chicago pizza is the best and we all have our preferences as to what the best pizza is in town. I'm a Lou's girl and always will be.  That crust. That buttery flaky crust.  That delicious spinach mix they put in the pie. That sausage..... My mouth is watering just thinking about it.I really get nothing more than the pies there and that's all I need.  I've long since moved away from Chicago, but it's my first stop and I always bring a pie home on the plane.Came here and was not disappointed don't get cranky cuz you're gonna have to wait this place gets packed but they do let you pre order your pizza before getting seated . Me and my friend sat at the bar had a great time the bartenders were very attentive friendly and made it such a great experience  funny guys! It was so good we came back the next nightOnly reason its missing a star is the lady up front.  Did not seem like she wanted to be there and having a bad day, but should not take it out on guests.The Food alone made up for all the stars.  The crust was so delicious, and the perfect mixture of sauce, cheese, meat, and crust in every bite.Yes, yes, Chicago style deep dish pizza is more targeted towards tourists and not locals, but damn, I'm a tourist and Lou Malnati's serves up a nice pie.  There were many pizzerias we wanted to visit (Art of Pizza, Pequods, etc.), but ultimately decided to hit up Lou Malnati's because it was close to our hotel.  Luckily, the place did not disappoint.Food: 4/5- Being a Californian, the only other TRUE Chicago style deep dish pizza I've had was Zachary's in Berkeley, CA.  One bite in, the pizza at Lou Malnati's made Zachary's seem average.  While the pizza was not mind blowing (it's hard to find any pizzas that'll blow your culinary mind), it had great flavor and was a solid choice for a night out.Service: 4/5- Everyone from the hostess to the servers and bussers were nice.  We had a good time and were well taken care of.  We went for a late dinner, so did not have to wait for a table, but the pizza did take a while to come out (which I was previously aware of).Environment: 4/5- This is a nice establishment, pretty much what you'd expect from a pizzeria.  It has a sports bar feel with TVs showing sports programming.  A great environment for some pizza and beer.Value: 3/5- Average price for this type of meal.Return?  Given I don't live in Chicago, I'd have to reserve my next pizza visits in Chicago to the other places I didn't try.  However, we had a very enjoyable meal here.By  far the best Chicago style deep dish you can get and the price is more than reasonable. I come here every time I am in the city.By far, the best pizza I've had in Chicago and anywhere, ever.  So fresh and flavourful, not salt packed and just the perfect amont to satisfy without stuffing.  I would definatly recommend this place and come back with others!So disappointed.  With only a few nights in Chicago, I was really looking forward to trying some authentic Chicago deep dish.  I had a list of 3 suggestions and chose this one because it was walking distance.The place was packed, even early on a Monday.  I had really wanted a salad, too, but many of them only came in a size meant for more than one.  What if not everyone wants salad?My pizza was OK, but I have had MUCH better deep dish and was expecting it to be more than just OK.  I order the special crust, but it was a little hard, instead of crisp and lacked the flavor of a well-developed dough.  The toppings were OK, but could have used a bit more seasoning.  The sausage was bland.I thought the pizza here was very good especially with the buttery crust.  Baked Potato Soup was part of the lunch special was also really good! Probably a little pricey if you don't order a lunch special but not bad for how good the food is!I'm visiting Chicago for the second time ever, and the last time I was here I tried the other famed deep-dish pizza place, Giordano's, which turned me off of deep-dish pizza. As a native New Yorker, I couldn't get behind a sauce cake, which is what it seemed to be, based on that experience. But I decided to give it another shot at Lou Malnati's and THANK GOD I did. I had the Malnati's classic (individual sized) and it was so incredibly delicious!! I can't stop thinking about it - the combo of the sauce, butter crust, sausage, cheese - mouth watering! I also love that they have different sizing too so my vegetarian husband could get his own veggie pizza, while I could enjoy a meat lover's dream. Service was friendly. You have to wait a little before getting a table but it's worth it!! My only negative is that the red wine is served too warm, but the pizza is divine. Thank you Lou Malnati's!I love Lou Malnati's pizza.  It is my favorite pizza in the city and I enjoy this location the most out of all of them.  The tomatoes are what make this pizza the best of all Chicago style pizzas.  Besides the pizza, I also love their Malnati salad.I think we spent the whole evening here. But it was well worth it.It took an hour to get a table for 4, which was fine. We hung out and enjoyed chatting with others in line. We ordered our pizzas pretty quick (we did wait in line and had tons of time to look at the menu).The service was great and she kept checking on us even while we waited for our pizza (90 minutes). It was well worth the wait. I love deep dish and I was not disappointed. I thought the prices were very fair and the atmosphere great!When you talk to locals about what you should eat in Chicago, they'll tell you that you've got to try Lou Malnati's.  Ok, that's not true. That's not true at all. They'll tell you that you have to try "lumilnottis" or "lumel knotty's." It's hard to tell. I finally had to ask my brother-in-law, a Wisconsinite, "Can you spell that for me? I need to look it up in Yelp."  Ohhh... Lou Malnati's... now I understand.Here's what you can expect at Lou Malnati's:1.  Expect a wait, whenever you go.2.  Expect a little free pizza by the check in area to hold you over so you want starve to death waiting for a table.3.  Expect to put in your pizza order before you even get a table so that your pizza can come to you quickly when you sit down.4.  Expect deliciousness.5.  Expect to eat a lot.  You should be hungry walking in. Like I said, they won't let you starve.6.  Expect to use a fork and knife. This is not pizza you can fold in half and pick up. 7.  Expect leftovers.8.  Expect those leftovers to taste delicious, even cold, in the middle of the night. 9.  Expect to still be thinking about it months later, wondering if it'd be crazy to fly back to Chicago just to eat... some... more!...10.  Expect me to never end a list with only nine items.Last time I visited here I went ahead and picked a pre-set pizza. This time around, I went ahead and customized it, ensuring that it would come out hot and fresh from the oven. For those wanting to experience the goodness of the crust here, this is the ONLY way to go. Order ahead of time if you mind the wait, but just make sure its customized so you get the freshest, hottest pizza. It makes all the difference.One of our goals for our Chicago trip was to try a truly amazing deep dish pizza. After chatting with our local friends we decided to come here. We were worried about having to wait but we arrived around a little before 5 on a Sunday and scored the last indoor table. We had the The Malnati Chicago Classic - It was so good. Everything blended so well together and I love the thick helping of cheese. SO GOOD! I will remember you forever. Till next time I am in Chicago!Whenever I am in the Chicago area, I visit Lou's at least once.  I cannot say that for some of the other famous Chicago pizza chains. I love their deep dish pizza with a local craft beer.  It doesn't matter what you get, just get there and get yourself some of this legendary Chicago style pizza.Deep dish amazingness. One of the best crusts.This is my favorite pizza in the world. They have best crust. Best deep dish. The malnatti salad is sooo good. Never disappointed at this location.Lou Malnati's is the stuff of dreams. Pizza Dreams.  Delicious, hot, stringy cheese, pulling away from a pie that's deep with sauce and a layer of sausage.  Crunchy, buttery tasting crust lining a pan that has seen so many years of pizzas.  Savory, not too sweet, but just enough sauce to bring a tomato-ey flavor to this luscious pie.We walked from our river-front hotel, I dunno, six or eight blocks through downtown Chicago, admiring the historic city filled with restaurants that opened to the sidewalks, women in spike heels, men wearing fedora's standing outside smoking and cuddling.  The biggest damned McDonalds I've ever seen in my life, two stories of computerized food.  One corner building had a giant barbecue kettle sticking out of it as though blown in with the sub-zero wind we were walking against.  Turning down the street to Lou Malnotti's, I felt as though I might run into Al Capone any moment.Soon we arrived at Lou Malnati's.  We went early, to beat the rush, and damn good thing we did.  We waited about five minutes before we were led past a narrow bar to steps that wandered up to a small room on the second floor, jammed with tables.  The servers and bussers waltzed among the tables, delivering pies big and small to a noisy crowd of hungry patrons.  We ordered a couple of smalls, and some hot wings for an appetizer.  The wings were tasty, although hot only in temperature.  Even as small pies, these deep-dish delights were filled with tasty ingredients and after devouring as much as we could, we raised the white flag and had the rest packed up for later noshing.We paid our bill and headed for the stairs, not knowing what was waiting at the bottom.  The entire front of this restaurant was packed, standing room only would have been spacious.  We formed a narrow line, with me leading, all of us holding hands to not get lost as I pushed my way to the exit.  It was tight, like a giant sliding puzzle where people would move around to make an opening that would be filled as others made space that filled as we passed through.  Finally, making it to the door, and the sub-zero weather outside, we left, walking back to our hotel, grateful that we had this taste of Chicago and especially grateful that we went early :-)  Now Lou Malnati's lives in my dreams.  One day I will return to this magical place.WOW. I was impressed.  I live in NYC and well to say the least, we have some amazing pizzeria's over here like Grimaldi's and Lombardi's. I still dream of my experience at Lou Malnati's deep dish pizza.  Even though it's against my principle to wait over an hour for pizza (except for Grimaldi's or Lombardi's) it was well worth the wait. Tip: Put your name down and expect to roam around the neighborhood for at least an hour and come back hungry.I have not tried all of the deep dish pizza Chicago has to offer but so far Lou's is my favorite.  The service is above average and the price points are inline with the competition.  I would recommend giving a shot if your hungry for some deep dish.Deep dish isn't as deep as Gino's or giordanos but still good nonetheless! Chopped salad is the secret winner! They deliver too, bonus!Its a scientific fact that Chicago deep dish is far superior to any other type of pizza known to man, and Lou Malnati's has perfected the craft.  Whenever I am in Chicago I will stop in for a fresh deep dish sausage pizza.  Since that's a pretty rare occasion though, I like to order pies off their website and have them overnight shipped to my house.  You can barely tell the difference, and it isn't even that pricey to do it!Lou's has a reputation for being the best or one of the best deep dish pizza spots in Chicago. After waiting an hour in the bar area with a hectic but fun crowd, also waiting, I think it definitely lived up to the hype. The couple we went with are locals and they did the ordering for us. We had an appetizer that the four of us shared and a sausage and other meats deep dish. Clean it off with a few beers and it was perfect. We were full and satisfied. Great for a cheat day (low carb diet here). The only thing that kept it from a five star was our server. Service is a big deal for me as you can see in my other reviews and our server, an older gentleman, wasn't good. It was a freezing cold day, we're not from Chicago, so during our table conversation he proceeded to chime in and start bashing a particular political party over climate change? It wasn't cool. Other than that this place rocks! I'd go back every time (if I ever) go back to Chicago. Good news, they ship their pizzas across the country!Walked about 45 minutes to an hour from Navy Pier...waited for another hour or so and it's only 3 stars.  :(Getting to the check in counter was a challenge trying to squeeze through everyone, the girls working at the counter were ok, but they look so ghetto, surprised they are not in a uniform or have a name tag.  Feels like a mom and pop but it's a chin...If you want to dine in, they ask you put your pizza request in.  We got a small Lou pizza, a Malnati salad and buffalo wings.  The wings were good and the salad was delicious!  Loved itThe pizza...deep dish and greasy, of course...but the cheese and sausage...the small is 9 inch, i swear they put a 9 inch thick cheese slice and a 9 inch sausage patty on the dough and baked it.  I know because when I dropped the pizza on my clothes, the dough, cheese and sausage fell into 3 individual pieces.I would have given them 4 stars but I was not impressed with the pizza.Great pizza. I'm a fan of their style deep dish - it's not too deep or cheesy. Their crust is tasty as well - and I'm one of those people who don't like to eat pizza crusts.Unfortunately, we had a bad experience with their delivery. We ordered a deep dish and a thin crust. We bit into the thin crust and - wait a minute - there's no meat! I was sharing a pizza with a meat lover and he immediately noticed the pepperoni's weren't there. We dug under the cheese and sauce, but still the meat eluded us. We quickly called the pizzeria and spoke with the manager. He explained that they had burned our original pizza and had to make us a second one, but that he was sure the pepperoni's we were added. We assured him they were not, so he said he'd refund us for that pizza. I'll give an update if the refund actually goes through.Still, these are delicious pizzas - probably may fave of the big pizza joints in Chicago (Giordano's (tooooo cheese), UNO's (same ol' same ol') and Gino's East (nothing special). Whenever people visit and want that famous deep dish, this is where I would still take them.Great spot if you want to get Chicago deep dish pizza. It's like a family Italian joint (though now a chain so expect that level of professionalism and cleanliness as well). It takes up to 30 minutes to prepare but boy is it worth it.Definitely worth the hype. Chicago deep dish pizza - the Malnati Chicago Classic lives up to its name with a flavorful tomato sauce on their highly recommended butter crust. We tried the "Lou" too - awesome spinach, mushroom, and Roma tomato combination. We tried to "dine in" the night before but it was too packed. So we opted for delivery - still a fab experience.Absolutely delicious! Must try in Chicago! Another plus, they'll ship pizzas to you if you don't live in IL.If you're trying to get some deep dish pizza, you're going to have to wait.  Which is why mastering the skill of the bar hover is essential.  Having numerous brunch spots in Philly requiring the bar hover, I've got it down and we were lucky enough to grab some bar seats and get our orders in pronto.Loved being able to sip some Goose Island and watch the Hawks while I waited.  We ordered two personals, and they still took just as long as a small.  Had to try something authentic, and we were glad we stopped in.  But we tried Gino's East as well!  The pizzas were pretty good...heavy.  The place didn't feel as authentic as Gino's East, but it didn't feel chainy either.  Wish they had more than 1 stall in their bathrooms though...Not a deep dish fan but this place is good. Service is friendly and quick. Only knock,  No Cannoli? Wtf?This experience was absolutely fantastic!  We had the sausage and pepperoni deep dish. The crust, sauce, cheese, and toppings were fresh, and delicious!  The dessert cookie pizza was also on par, and the service was fantastic!  I dont usually give to many five star ratings...but this pkace deserved every star!By far the best pizza in Chicago! Literally my first stop when I arrive into Chicago! All of the pizzas are fabulous but I suggest eating at the restaurant! I have done delivery but fresh at the restaurant is the best experience! Also- since I live in San Francisco.... I have ordered Lou's through Tastes of Chicago! So fabulous and a fun gift to send to those also missing Lou's!When you want a fantastic deep dish with exceptional, friendly service, this is your place! We tried both the thin crust pizza along with the deep dish and it did not disappoint.This place is a solid four star, but be prepared to wait and wait and wait.Service average, bathrooms not that clean (maybe because it's so busy) and super packed.Deep dish pizza, mushrooms and pepperoni, can't go wrong. The salad is OK.Prices are super fair food wise, the wine and beer is over price. I mean, 2 glasses of wine as expensive as a medium deep dish pizza with two ingredients... idk, it doesn't sound right to me, but it's just my opinion.The strategy for a party of 2:Order your pizza as you arrive and put your name in for a table. Approach the bar and see who's ready to go. If you get bar seats you can have your pizza there (salad has to be ordered at the bar or table, not front desk, but it's fast). If you get a table, at least your wait is not twice as long (because a deep dish pizza takes about 40 min to be ready).You're welcome.CheersI seriously hate pizza in general. This is the only pizza I eat and I love it. Lou's is the only reason I will never leave Chicago. Everything is amazing. Their cheese balls are so good their salads are so fresh and delicious. You can buy their vinaigrette. I think a whole bottle is like 7 dollars and it'll late you all year.1.) Just to warm you up:From the moment I was home in Connecticut until the point I entered this place, I tossed and turned in bed every night thinking of the Chicago Deep Dish pizza. I never had it before (or at least not in my adult conscious life).2.) What your eyes may see:Clean. A lot of wood grain, frames, sports jerseys and icons hung around. There is a 2nd floor.3.) Food:I ordered the Malnati's Chicago Classkc which had sausage, extra cheese and sun ripped tomatoes.. I thought the taste was great, but not happy with the lack of depth it had. It wasn't really deep, I believe a New York Sicilian pizza was deeper. Nevertheless the crust was buttery and crispy and no burnt edges like other places I've seen on Yelp. I ordered the tiramisu. It was a little watery but tasted pretty good.4.) Service:Clean, sleek, bartender was cool, they say us in 20 minutes even though they said 30 minutes. The staff were very nice. We sat on the first floor. The bartender was very cool and helpful with drinks. When we were seated our waitress was fine, nothing spectacular about the refills and such.5.) Impressions:I was looking forward to a "deep dish." I believe the New York Sicilian slice was deep than this one. It didnt compare to what I saw on the food network specials on deep dish places in Chicago. Definitely didnt match my expectations of this place. It reminded me of another chain company that is trying to appeal to the general public.Great customer service (happy for feedback), great delivery service (punctual), not so great pizza (what da-?). I think I am just not a fan of deep dish cause I finally got around to trying Malnatti's classic and was unimpressed. This was a delivery order so maybe it is better served on site. The tomato sauce was barely ok, the sausage patty was the worst bit, and the butter crush was good but didn't rewarm well. Coming from a sauce/sausage/butter fan, this is abysmal. Where did it all go wrong?I RECOMMEND- The cookie pizza dessert. IT IS SUBLIME. Decadent, warm cookie dough pie with melted ice cream. No brainer, even in delivery (they took the pains to package the ce cream separately. kudos). EXTRA TIP- I had quite the bout of indigestion after this meal. Maybe it's the cheese but I am NOT lactose intolerant and had nothing else that day so buyers beware. Sorry.My first introduction to a real Chicago deep dish pizza was here at Lou Malnati's, and it was better than I expected. I've been a lover of thin crust pizza my entire life, but I'm beginning to question a lot of things after eating here. They make it real easy for newbies by offering the Malnati Chicago Classic where they through some of their famous lean sausage, cheese and tomato sauce onto a beautiful Buttercrust that captivates hearts and minds. Count me in. We also added some spinach in there. It was gorgeous. The crust was probably my favorite part of the pizza, along with everything else. Loved using a knife and fork to eat the pizza, and made sure that I included a piece of the crust with each bite. The sausage was ridiculously good. It's not pieces of sausage, but rather a sausage patty that covers the entire pizza. So freakin delicious. We also tried Pizzeria Uno and Gino's East to complete the trifecta of most popular deep dish establishments while we were visiting Chicago, and Malnati's ended up being our favorite. So good that we came here twice for pizza, once on the day we arrived and again on our last day before heading back to California. We also stopped by in between to try their version of the pizookie which was incredible.I went here this past week and was not that impressed with the environment. Waited for over an hour and a half to get seated, when I was told a 30-45 minute wait. Service was also spotty, but that was probably due to them being slammed. Deepdish pizza was just okay, and I think Zachary's here in the SF Bay Area makes a much better product. We also had one of their thin crust, and that literally looked and tasted like a Tostinos Frozen Product. If you are in Chicago, I would try and look elsewhere to get the authentic experience.Malnatis salad was goodDeep dish takes a while to make, but this place lets you pre order while you wait for your table. This place is the recommended for locals and visitors alike. It was packed (though I suspect this location may be smaller..) and all of the locations have a good review. That says something.I ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich. It was a fried chicken breast dressed in buffalo sauce with crispy onion strings and ranch on top. Delicious. I also had the Jalapeno cheese soup and it was amazing. (And amazingly heavy! I barely finished half the sandwich.)We also started with the cheddar cubes. This is mozzarella sticks in cheddar cube form. Why no one has ever thought of this before is beyond me. Everyone should make these instead of mozzarella sticks. My brother had the classic deep dish. He got the 9 inch and the bartender warned him it would be big. (Since it is a deep dish, and us Texans aren't used to that crazy stuff!) My brother cockily said "We'll see." And he did see. Ate about half of it, took the rest on our flight home.I hate to say it, but I guess not everything is bigger in Texas...  :)Stopped here before heading to the airport... had to get some Deep dish pizza in before the weekend was over. It was a freezing cold day, but we were gladly seated in the back away from the front door. Once we sat down  and looked over the menu, we finally decided on our order. 1 order of spinach bread, 1 med. deep dish Spinach and Garlic pizza and 1 med. deep dish Green peppers and onions pizza... The bread came out first, very good, flavorful and just enough to hold you over during the 30 mins it takes to make the deep dish pizzas ( do not come here if you are in a super rush!) The pizzas, once the pizza's arrived we were drooling just at the smell! After the server put the pizzas on the table she proceeded to cut slices for everyone, you could hear the crispy crust!! Made you want to stick your face directly into the pizza!! Once on my plate, I decided to fork and knife it for the first bite... oh soo good! top notch, one of the better deep dish pizza's I have had! Hearty, flavorful, and enough cheese but not too much to bring the whole pizza together. Lastly, the crust... it was divine, crispy, flaky, butter, and sooo darn good.. almost like a prefect pastry crust expect savory not sweet. Made you eat each slice all the way to the end! No left over crust here!! So the pizza's were oh soo good!! Therefore we decided to order a Choc. Chip cookie dessert pizza... that was great as well, the Choc. chip cookie crust was rich and gooy but soo good - good for 4 people. Again I would highly recommend Lou Malnati's! It had a great feel, ok service and great food! So order up that extra pizza and loosen that belt... we are going in head first!! Cheers!I am not from Chicago and wanted to try some deep dish pizza on a vacation with my girlfriend. We tried deep dish from three different places and Lou's was very good but actually my least favorite of the group. It seemed hard to find a place in Chicago with bad food. The staff was very friendly and accommodating and the prices were great for what you get. I just wish their beer selection was a little better.I came to Chicago to try the famous deep dish pizza and I wasn't disappointed. The wait was about an hour for 8 people, but you can order while you are waiting so that cuts down on the overall meal time. It takes them about 30-45 minutes to make the pizza, depending on the size. We ordered two medium sized pizzas, the Malnati Chicago Classic and the Lou, and one individual cheese pizza. I really loved the Malnati Chicago Classic as the meat was soooo good. The Lou was just okay since it was vegetarian. The cheese pizza had some quality cheese on it.I loved how the pizza wasn't too thick, plenty of cheese, and not too much tomato sauce .The dessert pizza was more like a pazookie, cookie with ice cream. Nothing special about it.I know this will sound odd since we ate here, but we're not really fans of deep dish pizza.  But we were with a group, and you know how it goes.  So we were very pleasantly surprised with this pizza.  This deep dish we like and actually crave.  I cannot quite put my finger on why Lou's is different, but i think they are not quite as deep and cheesy as others, so there is more substance.  But it does not matter -- just try this place.  We really appreciate being able to order while waiting so that the pizza bakes while you wait.Perfection on a platter.  Thick crust that retains crispiness on the outside, a tad soggy on the inside from the warm juices of the tomato sauce, and cheese on cheese on cheese that stretches for miles!  Our pie was seriously baked to perfection.  The rich flavors and textures melted away the long day of walking and touristy trash and perfectly accompanied the blue moon pitchers we ordered.  PROTIP:  This place has quite a wait since it is the original location; don't hesitate to try the other locations since they may have a shorter wait.Long had I heard the lore of Deep Dish Chicago Style Pizza. Ya ya that cocky pizza loving Italian in me scoffed, I've eaten some pizza in my day - What you got Chi-town?Those, my friends, are the words of a very, very, very sorry young man who totally underestimated the girth, weight, volume...cheese, of a Deep Dish from the Windy City! There was some discussion about which spot was the place to experience the Deep Dish on our way down, however our concierge from the Sax Hotel convinced us that Lou's was the place to go, and once we considered our options she handed us a slip for a complimentary Bruschetta. Awesome, but I soon learned unnecessary! LM's on North Wells Street is set up like a sports bar shrine to Chicago sporting teams mixed with a traditional pizza joint. It was crowded the day we went despite it being a work day for most and we just barely got a booth for two near the back.I treated myself to a pint of Blue Moon lager, and sized up the menu. Obviously without question we ordered the pizza, but the trick was what size? After conferring with our server who STRONGLY advised us that for 2 people we not go larger than a small... we scoffed but took him at his word. I must say now to him "thank you for the kind warning on how filling this stuff is - we barely made it through...."The Malnati Chicago Classic™Made with Lou's lean sausage, some extra cheese and vine-ripened tomato sauce on Buttercrust.™ It's authentic Chicago! (we added mushrooms)6" Individual (serves 1)  9" Small (serves 2)One of the best tasting pizza's I've had. Totally un-Italian in every way, but the butery crust, sausage patti and cheese....and cheese....and cheese. Made me not care.I'm in a long distance relationship now, and my new love is named Lou. I'll be back again one day darling for more of you cheesy sausiness and your crusty shell. YUM!This deep dish pizza was all right. There's a long wait. You can order your pizza while you stand in line, so theoretically it's ready when your table is ready. We waited 45 minutes for a table, and 20 minutes after we got the table for the pizza, so the total time they had to cook the pizza was 65 minutes. I found the crust to be bland. Their ranch dressing, however, is the best ranch dressing ever! They should probably be selling that in grocery stores. Maybe it's from a grocery store.Heard this is the place to go for a true Chicago deep dish. Came here on my visit to the city from Ft. Lauderdale. Had Lou Malnati salad with the crumbled Salami which was great. Not too over dressed and not oily. Then had a small Lou Malnati's special which i found delicious. A lil on the doughy side but i love deep dish pizza. I would recommend this place but then again i'm not from Chicago and didn't have anything else to compare it too.I haven't had a better deep dish pizza...anywhere. The portions are large and 1-2 slices does get you full...if you're a normal person. Me? The fatty I am ate half the pizza.Okay anyway, the cheese goes on top, toppings (we got the sausage deep dish) in the inside, and you got the crust on the bottom. The cheese is great because it wasn't too stringy and it wasn't as heavy and oily as it could be. The sausage was the best part. They were not cheap with their sausage. Every bite I took had some sausage in it and it was great. The crust was flaky and buttery, that won't scratch the roof of your mouth!We also got a thin crust pizza and this was also....almost... as good as the deep dish. Its tomatoes and spinach were cooked to perfection and the perfect amount of cheese was on the pizza. I'd definitely recommend this if you don't want something too heavy in a deep dish. I wish I was able to take one of their frozen pizzas home with me back to Ann Arbor, but unfortunately that might have to wait til next time I'm back!Also worth noting: somehow we escaped with paying only about $8 per person. What a great dinner for a great rate! I left stuffed both in my belly and in my wallet. :)Recommended by very many people so we had to try it! Getting here was difficult if you are not familiar with the area. We ended up finding a parking structure and walking a few blocks. Parking was expensive especially since we forgot to validate our ticket :(Anyway we checked in an they said it would be a 30 min wait and we decided I stay. We placed an order while we waited and after ten minutes we got our table. We started with the Lou's bruschetta ($6.25). It was very good. The ingredients were flavorful and bread crunchy.  We also ordered two deep dish pizzas. A medium pan classic Chicago ($17.95)... Six slices. You have I enjoy meat to like this pizza cause there is a layer if sausage on top. We also got the small pan the Lou ($14.96) and felt this was a better choice for us because it had veggies. There were four slices to share. We had a lot of leftovers. Overall it was a good experience. The waiter was nice and they serve the pizza on your plate. Essentially this was Chicago deep dish pizza in a local pizza joint many people go to.  We aren't much of pizza fans so once is enough for us.Damn good pizza. I'd give it 6 stars. Good service, decor and pricing. Deep dish sausage, Lou's deep dish,  Lou's salad and calamari = delicious. Tip: if you carry out- getting the deep dish pizza cut will make the bottom crust wet, but dont' worry, it will dry if you leave it out. And it's still really good.Long lines, good Chicago pizza...The sausage pizza was the favorite, but I was with a lot of Brazilians so the vegetarian option didn't have much of  a chance :)Lou Malnati's deserves it's reputation, it's worth the wait.BTW you can do takeout and skip the long lines...Horrible customer service.  Won't deliver even one street north of Irving park.We found this place on Yelp and were excited to try it out. It has a cool ambiance, cozy. We were there couple weeks before Christmas, so it was decorated and the stuff wore Christmas hats:) Food was OK. It was fresh but the taste did not convince me.Lou Malnati's has some great deep dish pizza.  Unlike other places, their crust is crispy and is buttered.  Maybe not quite as substantial as Jino's or Giordano's but flakier and tastier.  If you are crust person, Malnati's will probably be your preferred place.Vacationing in Chicago and of course I had to taste an authentic Deep Dish Chicago Pizza! I've never been a fan of pizza before this trip. After eating at Gino's East Pizzeria & Lou Malnati's Pizzeria I'm a PIZZA LOVER! PROS: +Deep dish pizza is very tasteful +Affordable +Great service CONS:   -Wait (given I came during dinner peak hours the wait was about 45 mins to 1 hour long). -Limited Seating (small restaurant)AMBIANCE: Sat outside enjoyed the breeze while enjoying wine w/Malnati Classic Deep Dish. Inside- was very busy! Bathroom-fairly clean and has a classic look SERVICE: Inside was so packed with no air circulation, so we requested to sit outside. Waitress was pleasant and accommodating. She gave great service. FOOD: +Three-Cheese Bread - oeey gooey good! +Malnati Chicago Classic - filled with sausage, cheese, thick crust, and very tomatoe-y. Butter crust is awesome and light. I got a small pan for me and a friend and we could only finish one slice each (very thick!). We took home a doggie bag w/two more slices left. +*Fudge brownie sundae-warm fudge brownie w/vanilla ice cream, cookie crumble, chocolate syrup VALUE: Decent, $6-$20 items TIPS: Hands down on the best carb-a-licious  best Authentic Deep Dish Chicago Pizza!If you want a good Chicago-pizza experience this is the place to come. Everything about their pizza is delish, there are other places in Chicago like UNO and Giordanos but their deep dish pizza is super filling and very doughy. At Lou Malnati's they make deep dish pizzas that are some how less filling but extremely pleasing its like a thin crust deep dish LOL if that makes any sense. My only complaint is they don't offer Beef as a topping. My fav pizza all time is Beef, Onion and Jalapeno. Mmm...Put your gluten-free, vegan, liberal tree-hugging, birkenstock-wearing notions of reality on pause for a bit to really take this place in.Combine  - award winning pizzas - a signature Italian sausage topping method - with a customer satisfaction-oriented management team dedicated to providing products based on its customers' requestsand you've got a scalable model for bringing incredible pies to every household in the Chicagoland area.Also gotta respect the owners' business savvy. In addition to an ever growing structure of on-premise locations, they hit all kinds of catering, take out, delivery, as well as shipping.This is my second attempt at Chicago style deep dish pizza (Please see my 5 star review on Giordano's).We had the spinach salad, family size, as an appetizer. Although it was a good sized portion, the salad was very boring to say the least. I wish we would have went with the house salad. We ordered two pizzas, a thin crust with mushrooms and hot giardiniera, it was a quality pizza, but nothing to write home about. The second pizza we ordered was the The Malnati Chicago Classic™. I thought the crust was very good, better even than Giordano's. The rest of the pizza was good, but not great. In conclusion, I went to two different pizza places while in Chicago. One place was borderline great, the other pretty good. If I were you I would check this place out and make up my own mind.Living in Chicago for a few months and trying to find the best of the best deep dish Chicago pizza. This review is in comparison with other deep dish pizza's I've had thus far. I can't pinpoint what it was about Lou Malnati's that made it not #1...the buttery-flaky curst was awesome but not as fluffy as I would have liked, the service was a little bit slow (be aware that right around 5pm it seems as though the entire city of Chicago is trying to come in for some pizza).While it was not my all time favorite chicago deep dish pizza I did enjoy my time there, the ambiance was fitting, the price was appropriate, and when asking the locals what their favorite deep dish pizza place is Lou Malnati's is always mentioned.can't go to Chicago and not have lou malnati's!! I'd say most of their pizza's are fail proof. I came here with a large group and got various different pizza's and they were all delish! We had so many different types I can't even recall what I ate, but who cares! It still left a lasting impression on me and I'm not even a pizza person!Yes yes yes.  Lou Malnati's is my shit when it comes to Chicago Deep Dish pizza.  I've been thinking about Lou Malnati's since my last trip to Chicago (December 2010).  After 2 years, I was back and ready to destroy some Lou Malnati's on my own.Let me start by saying I'm not a crust person, but the crust his golden, fluffy, airiness, buttery goodness.  It's good.  Really good.  It's what sets it apart from all other places in Chicago.I ordered the Malnati Chicago Classic.  Overall it was the perfect balance of tomato and cheese.  Some of the other places are too heavy handed on one or the other.  The tomato sauce on the pizza was fresh.  Larger chunks of tomato and last processed tasting.  The cheese wasn't overwhelming the pizza, but was enough to make you savor twirling your folk to get those last strands of melted cheese from the bottom of the plate.I've tried every place in Chicago except Pequod's.  Until the day comes, Lou Malnati's is the standard bearer for me for  Chicago Deep Dish.Coming from Los Angeles, I would never claim to be a pizza aficionado, but my boyfriend used to live in Chicago and he is a pizza fiend. So, when we decided to visit there, this place was on the top of his list. THANK GOODNESS!!! Now, I like pizza, but I'm not a huge sauce person, so I was skeptical. I take it back, I do!! The pizza is SOO good. It's cheesy and the crust is slightly crunch on the outside and buttery, and then it all just melts together. The sauce is light and sweet, unlike most sauce.Sure, there is a wait, but it really is worth it! We also had the caesar salad and bruschetta, both were great. But the pizza..I crave it all the time now. Thank god you can order it from across the country, so this California girl can get some real deep dish!You come to Chicago and you don't try to pizza?  You must be nuts.  I cannot compare and contrast the pizza here to the NY style (I'm from east coast) unlike some other uneducated people that really compare the styles of pizza.  Its trying to compare between apples and peaches.  Both are fruits and sweet in taste yet they are different.  People, these are just two different styles of pizza where you cannot and shouldn't compare them.Its a must try landmark and I gave this place a 3.5 star rating since it is only a chain pizza place.  However; I did crave their pizza all throughout my stay there.I'm a FanWhat can I say that hasn't been said a million times?   Lou's is the quintessential Chicago pie.   You MUST MUST MUST order the sausage w/ traditional crust.   That is all.Ok... ordered the same exact thing from gold coast location 2 nights ago. ... Gave it a 5.. If I could Rank this location a 0, I would. Pizza was cold,  had a brown greenish tint on top. ... Not worth calling and complaining. . It took 80 minutes to get here. . Last time for me.. Thank you lou for convincing me Chicago pizza is shit compared to NY styleWhat hasn't been said about the pizza?It was great. Crust was buttery and it was quite filling.There's a secret gem on the menu - Malnati SaladThis was one of the best things I tasted while I was in Chicago.  The salad was an awesome bland of sweet with savory and just went well with the pizza.  From Lou Malnati's site, the salad is comprised of, "romaine lettuce, diced tomatoes, black olives, sliced mushrooms, crumbled Volpi salami and gorgonzola cheese. Tossed with Lou's famous dressing with a touch of romano cheese." A great blend of ingredients.Along with the pizza at Lou Malnati's, get the Malnati Salad as well, you won't regret it.I wish I could give this place NO STARS!! Worst pizza ever! Kate messed up our order so bad. 9 ppl in our party, she was given 5 cards to charge evenly. She charged the first 3 cards 3 times. How the hell does that happen?!?! Cheese and meats on pizza tasted like really low quality. Save yourself some time and hype and go to PEQUOD'S!I am a fan of NY pizza so it is hard for me get accustomed to this style of pizzaIt was ordered at my work and everyone seemed to love it so as far as Chicago pizza goes I suppose it is goodSo carb-alicious and delicious this place's deep dish pizza is!Their baked spinach cheese bread is probably the size of your two fists put together. It is not a big appetizer but it definitely delicious. Definitely order an appetizer because the pizza takes about 15-20 minutes to come out.The deep dish pizza is so good.. from the sound of a pizza having a lot of cheese, i thought it would be disgusting but when I tried it.. I was so surprised and amazed of how I could not stop eating my slice, and I wanted more!! The marinara sauce is what makes a pizza, and their pizza had a lot of flavorful sauce that it made it the perfect comfort food for the Chicago cold weather. The restaurant itself is cute, very well designed.. it feels cozy. I would definitely come back if I was in Chicago again.Conservative, n. - A statesman who is enamored of existing evils, as distinguished from the Liberal, who wishes to replace them with others.-- Ambrose BierceChicago is a town known for both a surplus of Liberals and exceptional pizza.  What's the very best deep-dish pizza in Chicago?  A question worthy of a Doctoral thesis at least!  I sifted through numerous suggestions, and this was the first of two pizzerias I tried on this trip; with a four-star average on over eleven hundred reviews AND glowing recommendations from foodie friends who know their way around Chicago; I had high hopes for Lou Malnati's.  By the end of the meal, my hopes weren't totally dashed, but I sure wasn't ready to ask Lou to build a Silicon Valley annex.We walked in on a Friday night at 5:30, and the place was packed!  We were told there'd be a 30 minute wait, but a table opened up right away just as I sat down to look at the menu.  Looking around as we were seated, I really liked the vibe and the look of this place. yelp.com/biz_photos/lou-… Consulting the menu and our exceptionally friendly waitress, I saw there were three crust styles available: deep-dish, thin-crust, and glueten-free "crustless".  My Droogies and I know what we like - we ordered two small deep-dish pizzas: The Malnati Chicago Classic (Lou's lean sausage, some extra cheese and vine-ripened tomato sauce on Buttercrust) yelp.com/biz_photos/lou-… and The "Lou" (Spinach mix, mushrooms and sliced roma tomatoes covered with three cheeses). yelp.com/biz_photos/lou-… The waitress warned us that the pies would take 45 to 50 minutes to cook (fairly standard duration for deep-dish), so we got an appetizer to tide us over - pizza chips with three housemade dips - roasted garlic, artichoke and giardiniera-topped hummus. yelp.com/biz_photos/lou-… This dish was a classic example of the whole being much greater than the sum of the parts.  The chips didn't taste all that appetizing when eaten plain, but paired wonderfully with any one of the three dips for a very delightfully flavorful experience.It was the kind of muggy, hot, humid, Eastern U.S. type of summer day that makes me glad I'm now a Californian - I got a Blue Moon to pair with my pizza. yelp.com/biz_photos/lou-… If vintage Cabernet is unavailable, Belgian beers go with pizza better than Bill Clinton goes after Interns...With our appetizer long gone and my Blue Moon a growing temptation, our pizzas finally arrived! yelp.com/biz_photos/lou-… I took my first bite, and I hate to say it, but the gestalt taste was VERY disappointing, the toppings were good quality, but the sauce was decidedly lacked personality.  The crust wasn't anywhere near crispy enough; in fact, it bordered on soggy!  The cheese didn't melt like I'm used to and there wasn't much sauce on the pizza.  I was NOT a happy camper.Frankly, I've had much better Chicago-style pizza in California.  I'll give Lou's three stars for the service and the atmosphere, but don't think I'll be rushing back for another one of their pizzas any time soon.My first time to Chicago, so of course I absolutely HAD to have DEEP DISH!Of course the place was swarming with people waiting outside --- it was 8:30 PM on a warm summer night! They told us 1 hour wait and they were pretty spot on. We were seated at 9:30. They are like a well oiled machine in there. Get the Lou Malnati's Special Pizza - it's delicious! The tomato sauce was delicious and the tomatoes just tasted SO fresh. From my experience, all tomatoes definitely are not created equal. I would compare the delicious tomatoes to those I had in Europe last summer. Great cheese/sauce to crust ratio. I love crust so there wasn't even a crumb left on my plate.I'm not a particular fan of deep dish pizza so I knew going into it, I would probably not like it.  I did enjoy the pizza here.  The crust is actually thin and crispy.  They have a lot of cheese.  We ordered the classic with jalapeno. My husband loved it.  I liked it. Our server was very nice and helpful.  I would recommend it and come back again.We came here twice during our vacation because it's that good! There is usually a line to get in but trust me, it's worth the wait! However, during the wait they ask that you place your order so that when you sit down your pizza will come out faster. One suggestion I could give the restaurant would be for them to incorporate text message wait line or call ahead seating. For a great vegetarian pizza, I suggest getting the Lou! It has spinach, mushrooms, tomatoes and cheese, yum! For those of you just visiting the Windy City, like us, and are going to miss this amazing pizza, you can get Lou Malnati's pizza sent anywhere in the US.Cool atmosphere. The place was crowded, but there was no wait. We ordered The Chicago Classic and it was absolutely wonderful. The layer of sausage that went all the way across the pizza totally blew my mind. Wonderful experience. Can't wait to go back.We arrived at the tail end of lunch {around 1:50ish} and were told there was still time to order up a lunch special.So we did.Personal {deep dish} pie + house salad + soft drink = $8Made & delivered to our table quickly.  Yummy food.  And proportioned perfectly.We were in and out in about 30 minutes.Lou Malnati's served up a perfect little lunch-time meal.So we had just arrived in Chicago and it was snowing so we wanted pizza delivered.  The Conrad suggested this place and I'm glad they did.  Is it the best Chicago deep dish I've had no.  Was it great for delivery yes!  They quoted us at an hour and twenty minutes for delivery and it arrived at 45.  It arrived hot and we ate both very quickly.  It's pricey as are most places in Chicago but it is very good if you want a good delivered deep dish pizza!Holy cow, this place is amazing!  I ate here based on the reviews on Yelp, and it didn't disappoint.  Service was speedy despite the super long lines, the restaurant was clean, and the pizza is out of this world.  I got the deep dish pizza with sausage and tomatoes on the top, and everything was perfect.  The crust is buttery, but not greasy, the sauce is tangy and delicious, and the cheese and toppings were just right.  I am getting hungry just thinking about it...I've been to a number of the famous pizza places in Chicago, and this one is hands down the best.  Highly recommend.I am from California and this was the 3rd pizza joint I tried in Chicago but 2nd deep dish spot. For me, this was definitely the one to go to! Ordered the typical Chicago special as I couldn't have anything else. Crust was perfect and crunchy and even the bottom of the pizza was in tact w/o any sauce seeping through to the bottom making it soggy. We loved it. A small is definitely enough for 2 people. Pizza chips - definitely good and great to share with 3-4 people. Don't order if you have 2 people or less. Save your appetite for the pizza.Definitely a fan and I'd come back.Dunt duhn DUNNNNNN!!!!!!!!!!  (horn sounds)The Best of Bryan's Pizza Tour 2013!!!!!  This was my first stop of my 3 stop pizza tour.I walked in and sat at the bar. No waiting required. Bar tender was a super friendly guy and really helped make the visit. He knew that everybody coming in that place had never been before. You would think he would get tired of pretending to care, but it never showed! He walked everyone through the process, made great suggestions, and kept my beer glass FULL!!  Seriously.. he knew what was up. He would slide in a fresh beer before the old one ran dry.... Now that I look back... I might have a man crush.. nah......I got this 3-dip appetizer to kick things off. I wish I had 20 pounds of this stuff!!!!  The pizza chips it came with were amazing!!!!  The dips were pretty dang good too. The spin-arti dip was good, the garlic was just OK, and the Hummus dip was KILLER!!!  I crushed all of that ish!!!Pizza came out hot and gooey. Just perfect!!!!  Toppings and cheese were the best of my pizza tour. The crust was great, but I don't think it was as good as Gino's.... Just saying. All in all, this was the best of the tour. Hands down, no contest. Service, food, cost, bathroom, flooring... whatever. It was all better than the rest. GET SOME!!!!!Finally had a chance to try some Chicago style deep dish in the city that invented it. I gotta say I was pretty impressed. Had a pepperoni and mushroom deep dish on the signature "Buttercrust" (there has to be some kind of butterface joke in there somewhere). The toppings and especially the cheese were really tasty...mozzarella can be really flavorless at a lot of chain pizza places but the stuff they use here has a great milky taste. Toppings were good, and contrary to what I thought would be the case, it wasn't smothered by sauce. The crust of course is what sets this apart from "regular" pizza....the buttercrust was crispy and quite tasty, almost like eating a pizza made on top of a shortbread (in a good way).It was crowded on a Sunday night, but it was St. Patty's weekend. Our server was really nice and did a good job. I have no reference point to compare this to, but for a first experience it was great. I look forward to trying more of the style next time I'm in town.Maybe it's because I ordered a veggie deep dish... but I was not impressed. I was really looking forward to it since all the reviews rave the deliciousness of their deep dish pizza. Also, I figured I am visting Chicago, so it's the best place for deep dish, but actually, the best place I've had deep dish is in the Easy Bay, CA! It just tasted like a regular pizza to me, nothing special. Lots of tomato sauce and thick cheese. I think it needs more spices to get that kick I am looking for.I'll never forget this night! I sat across from a couple of the most recognizable names in online marketing. I was in Chicago attending an internet marketing conference and just so happened that not only had I already eaten pizza from Giordano's nearby the hotel, but I go a second helping (oh goodness!) but with much better company haha.I remember it like it was... a couple of months ago, although its already been a year haha.There's this large tall fluorescent sign outside that says, "Lou Malnati's" - you couldn't miss it. We walked in and waited for the rest of our 10 person group to arrive. Inside I felt a sense of nostalgia even though I'd never been there before; but I felt the history speaking through the brick walls and cliche nicely framed photos all over the walls. The waiting area was a bit cramped; mind you, there were about 10 more people waiting to be seated too. It was packed. I thought we'd have to wait at least an hour before we got a seat, but after about 20 minutes, they brought us in and started walking up the stairs - THERE'S A SECOND FLOOR?! oh yeah. We got seated on this super long table... wait, there was 12 of us. not 10. It could have been 13 but who's counting? All I know was we were at this pizzaria that people definitely knew about and I'd only heard great things about it.We ordered 5 pizzas. First they came back with 2 different kinds of salads in huge bowls you'd expect to see from the Olive Garden here in Canada; but without the huge translucent salad tongs. People ordered wine; we all shared - I don't remember the bottles but they were decent to say the least :)Good gracious! eating one of my most favourite food, sitting with ONLY internet marketing people, sipping wine and having a great time! Could a guy ask for anything more?Oh wait, the pizza! It arrived... Meatlovers, Vegetarian and a classic Pepperoni. I gotta tell you guys, here in Canada we are ripped off. Any meat pizza I had in Chicago with sausage in it tasted like they just made it the same day and they definitely don't skimp out on it. Everything down to the sauce and the dough had me wishing I had longer to stay just so I could eat here again.I've only eaten at 2 pizzaria's in Chicago. Lou... you won.The service was excellent and was amazed that they could wait on us efficiently as they could - well, I don't know if I'd actually call it efficient, but the service was terrific. The food was fantastic.Overall a 5-star experience.First time here! We had to stop in for a bite to eat. I have been to their place in the Gold coast... did not like the service but this location has Great service!Its smaller but the food is great and we did not have to wait long for any part of our meal. I love other pizza places but this location is a great to go to if your primary pizza place is a no go. I prefer the thin crust, which is what we had. Give this location a try.!After leaving a bad review of our horrible experience at our first and only time at Lou Malnati's, a customer service rep contacted me through yelp. I spoke with them on the phone about the service we received, and the rep was very apologetic. They stated that they are not perfect, is a family run restaurant chain, and apologized for an experience we should not have had. Since we are from California, they compensated us with a digital gift card thats good for an online purchase of any food products/gifts that they sell, along with their partner companies. In the end, great follow up customer service. It's true that we may have had an isolated bad experience, but unfortunately I will not be returning to have pizza there on my next visit to my family in Chicago.Skip the long lines at Pizzeria Uno and head to Lou Malnati's! The pizza is better; I heart the butter crust, the sausage that is literally cut as a sheet so that it is distributed evenly though each bite and the fresh tomatoes used in the sauce.  I'm salivating just writing this review of the Chicago Classic (name of pizza)! The slices looks small but are mighty! Went with my husband and the small was plenty for both of us due to the richness of the toppings and the hearty crust!I also prefer the dining experience, as Malnati's is a bit less cramped than the typical Chicago pizzeria and the lines are generally shorter due to the multiple locations in high traffic areas. It's hard to cite hard facts, as it's been awhile since I've visited another Chicago pizza parlor (one visit per trip home is about all my diet can handle), but my gut tells me the prices are more reasonable than most as well.Finally, be sure to check out the jerseys all over the walls. Spoiler alert!  The Yale Jersey belonged to George W. Bush. Not that I'm impressed by this one in particular, but I will say that the collection overall is impressive and worth note.Every Chicagoan has his or her favorite pizza place, but I'd blow my diet on Lou Malnati's every day and on Saturdays twice!I think I may be prepared at this moment to say the following... Lou Malnati's is my favorite deep dish in Chicago. Out of towners ask, and now I'm pretty quick to say that the place they need to go for a deep dish is Malnati's.Pro tips, definitely go in and order a salad to share to start out. Malnati's makes bommbbbbb salads. My fave deep dish is the ol' Chicago Classic. And that's all ya need.For those of you not familiar with what a Lou Malnati's deep dish is like, I'll give the basic run-down. The crust is first set into a deep pan. Not too much crust, just enough. Then a layer of sausage, a generous layer of cheese, and then topped with tomato sauce. Simple, but delicious. You wait half an hour after ordering, and then it comes out to you, a hot pie, with a crisp almost crumbly crust. The buttercrust at Malnati's is hands down the best crust of any other deep dish spot. Fork and knife necessary, load up on hot pepper and cheese if you would like, and enjoy!The Malnati Chicago Classic - very tasty and I love the buttery crust. Lou - it needs a little more sauce. It takes around 45 min, but it was delicious.If you want to try Chicago deep dish pizza, this is the place to go. The restaurant is nicely decorated, and the staff is friendly. For an appetizer, I recommend the spinach bread - the portion is small, but it's really delicious.We had a simple cheese deep dish pizza. I thought was really good, but it's not for everyone. If you do want to try deep dish pizza, this is the place to go. They also ship nationwide, which is awesome if you don't live in the area like me.Overall, really good, and worth trying at least once.I know there are a lot of deep dish pizza place in Chicago, but this place was something that my brother and I during our road trip stumbled upon.  Being on the road for 4 days and arriving one stop before Indiana, took my brother to Chicago to explore!  At that time, we were both starving and try to find a nearest deep dish place and this one was a pretty good walking distance (approx. 30-45min from Millennium Park).  It was a nice atmosphere place and the server was very knowledgeable and helpful! We had a hard time deciding what size and what type of deep dish and the server suggested us that we can easily finish a small easily (we both got three slices) and he allowed us to do half and half of their Chicago Classic and "The Lou"!  This worked out perfectly because we were able to try a slice of each and had one extra slice to choose which one we preferred! Both were goodNow I don't have any knowledge of deep dish pizza and the only kind I had was BJ's Brewhouse's style.  I remembered it being very doughy and just too much bread. Yuck!  But here . . . oh man. . . . was I blown away!! First off, it takes 45min or so for these pizza to come out and it's worth the wait!! So while you wait, you can drink and eat appetizers or salads, but you really don't want to do that cause you'll fill yourself up quick.  When the pizza came out, the crust and the bottom portion were nice and crunchy on the outside, but nice and not too doughy in the middle! The topping was phenomenal on these pies and my image of deep dish thought it was going to be heavily sauced, but at Lou's, it had the right amount of sauce on it!! I think my brother and I did not finish our first slice cause we were just in complete awe and just mesmerized by the texture and the taste of these deep dish!  We were both satisfied and felt content leaving this place!Just FYI, this place gets packed around dinner time (we arrived right before the rush).  So there will be huge lines of people waiting, placing order and waiting for a table to open.  But this kinda works nicely cause you can grab drinks while you wait and by the time you get seated, the pizza will arrive and ready to eat.I've been here now twice and I will try others, but I can definitely recommend this place to other.  I try to stay away from franchise restaurant cause I like to find the most original or authentic type of cuisine.  I think this franchise has two other locations, but this one is pretty good.  I will definitely try other places to give yelp reviewers and browser a better perspective, but for now, if you've never been to Chicago or visiting through, then I recommend Lou Malnati's!Thanks for reading my review and Cheers!Yum! I've slowly been trying the deep dish options here in Chi town, and this was one good pizza pie! I tried to save some leftovers for the week, but I ended up breaking down and gobbling up the whole thing by the end of the day, it was that good. What made this different from say, Giardano's, is that it's thinner and much less cheesier than their pizza, with more tomato sauce and a more buttery crust. So if you want a big thick cheesy pizza, you may want to try other places, but if you want a flavorful balanced pie you should definitely try this place. Also, a size Large here is much smaller than a size Large at Giardano's. And just go with their Chicago Classic, it's the "classic" for a reason! Can't wait until I'm not dieting for summer and can go back ;)There are dozens of places to eat authentic Chicago style deep dish pizza, including some with bold claims (first, best, original, etc).  But to me, Lou Malnati's is the best.Lou Malnati's is just as old as some of the other joints, but their decor manages to be clean, rather than old and busted. Service is quick, and as always, keep in mind that deep-dish pizzas take 30-40 minutes to arrive...so don't waste any time choosing! Be sure to get the Malnati Chicago classic with sliced sausage that pretty much covers the entire pizza. You wont regret it!So After trying a variety of the "best" deep dish pizzas in SF, I had come to the sad conclusion that it was just not my cup of tea. The thick, soggy crust and overwhelming amount of tomato sauce was never appetizing to me. Fast forward to Lou Malnati's. Try to arrive when they open to avoid the lines! We ordered bruschetta, cheese bread and one deep dish to share. Words cannot describe how amazing everything was. Ingredients were fresh and everything was baked to perfection. This is how deep dish SHOULD be. Crispy. Savory. Perfectly balanced with just the right amount of cheese and tomato sauce. I am now a deep dish convert.We were in Chicago April 17-20th, and had heard this was a great place to get a deep dish. The wait as 45 minutes, and we ended up only waiting 30. It was totally worth it. It was one of the best pizzas Ive ever had, and our server Samantha was awesome!Admittedly they need no more reviews but I feel this is more a matter of civic pride.I am a Chicago native and we take our pizza seriously.  Just like you have to choose between the Cubs & Sox, you have to choose a pizza.  Lou Malnati's is my family's pizza and always will be.  I've been going there since I was a little girl and I see no reason to stop any time soon.  They are the best.  For the record, GO SOX!I was nervous for my first time...I didn't know what to expect, and I wasn't sure if I'd like it...I'm so glad Lou Malnati was the guy. I'm no Steve Carell, but it has taken me nearly a quarter of a century to breach this horizon...and it was worth the wait. My friends have told me that Chicago deep-dish can't be measured on the ol' bases spectrum; it's an all or nothing sort of deal. Either you get the goal or you don't...and with Lou Malnati's, you'll score every time. I certainly did.If you've been around the block when it comes to Chicago deep dish, I'm sure you have strong feelings about where it's best. But this newbie couldn't get over the butter crust, surprisingly sweet tomato sauce, and tender Italian sausage. My boyfriend (who introduced me to Lou Malnati's...yes, we're pretty open about these kind of things) & I enjoyed some cold 312s while we waited for our pie, reclining in the leather armchairs at our table. The chairs made it a little hard to eat our pizza - I leaned forward a lot - but were lovely to relax in before the food came, and after the server departed with our empty pie tin.I'll be back next time I'm in town. Thanks for suuuuuch a good night!Bottom Line - We thought the Chicago-style deep dish pizza was just okay. If you prefer a crust that is flakey and buttery like a pastry, Lou Malnati's is NOT like that (for that, try Uno's). Otherwise, the food is ok (not fantastic), though the atmosphere is great.My coworker and I stopped in for Chicago-style pizza because we were in town for work.  We found this place through Yelp! We were really looking forward to good Chicago deep dish pizza.  The only place I'd been to in the past that had a great crust was Uno's (another Chicago chain). We decided to sit at the bar since the wait for a table was quite long, and a couple stools opened up at the bar.  We ordered:Small pan classic Chicago ($12.70) - The pizza was okay... the crust had a bit of cornmeal which I don't really like.  The crust was definitely more bread-y than pastry. We both agreed that we didn't really like it, but there are many who do like this crust. I would have preferred a thinner crust. Medium Malnati Salad ($7.75) - My coworker ordered this as a starting course, and we shared it. It was huge!  The salad was quite good, but how could you screw up salad. Along with 2 sodas ($2.25 each), our subtotal came to $24.95 + 2.20 tax + 4.88 tip = $32.00 total for the two of us.The bartender was very nice and pretty attentive.  He answered all of our questions, and we were glad we sat at the bar.Great pizza. Classic Chicago deep dish with wonderful fresh ingredients. Service was fast and friendly. Bruschetta and the deep dish cookie dessert were also wonderful. A highlight of visiting Chicago.  Will definitely return but meanwhile, they ship.First time in Chicago so have to try the deep dish pizza.This was the best reviewed pizza joint near our hotel. We ordered all of their deep dish pizzas.My first and only time having deep dish and I simply just don't  like it. The place was nice and homey. The service was good, honestly Chicago personality intimidates me :(.I'll have to try another deep dish place if I come back, but it just isn't for me.Oh, and the ~45 minute wait sucked.Had the Minestrone Soup, which was delicious.Followed that up with "The "Lou" Pizza which was fantastic! Highly recommend this pie to people. All in all, a great pizza joint in the city.Got the Classic, although I was told I should have gotten one with stuffed crust...Let's not forget the ridiculous wait here and very underwhelming and overhyped.We got their Sausage Deep Dish Pizza. It was ok but nothing special. I've had better Chicago style pizza in LA. The wait was over an hour and we came early for dinner (around 5:45/6pm). The overall experience was ok but I probably won't go back.I'm not generally a thick-crust person, but this is Chicago so had to try it out.  I can definitely see why people rave about this place, a completely different experience and well worth it.  The wait was crazy (45min on a Tuesday evening), but they let you pre-order along the way, so that helpsEveryone I spoke to in Chicago said Lou Malnati's was the best deep dish you could get...  Usually I am let down when something is so hyped up...   Well Lou Malnati's lived up to its reputation!The Crust, Sauce, and Cheese were all delicious.  Usually pizzas lack 1 of these 3 but not Lou Malanti's....  just an amazing pizza!(For anyone who has followed my reviews; 5 stars are rarely given out)I'm from LA, but was in Chi-town for some business and this place was recommended to me.Because of that, I may be a little biased, but I'll put it this way: I'm sad that I'll be unable to ever eat a "chicago-style" pizza back home now, because I've eaten the best pizza I'll ever have.I got the Chicago Classic, and it was amazing. Buttercrust should be illegal, it's that good. The sauce, cheese, and sausage came together with that crust to make something indescribably tasty. This place ruined all other pizza for me. Can't wait to come back.My boyfriend and I came here late on a Saturday night {around 11PM} --- asking the locals, they told us you HAD to go to Lou Malnati's for the deep dish pizza.We sat down, it was pretty quiet and the waiter recommended the Lou Classic which had sausage, ripe tomatoes and cheeseI'm from NY so I'm not used to deep dish pizza but it was really good! It also is really heavy so don't fill up on appetizers or anything. The pizza is a 1 hour wait but I would say it's definitely worth itLou's is my favorite Chicago deep dish. I like Gino's a lot, too, and it is indeed more like a pie, but the crust at Lou's is unbeatable. Buttery, just a bit crispy, but not dead and thick and chewy like Giordano's. This is the kind of pizza where you actually want to eat the crust--it's not just some handle for you to work with (not that I would ever pick up deep dish with my hands). And the sauce is so well-balanced and well-seasoned and the cheese is so good. As far as toppings go, their sausage is amazing, so I nearly always get the Chicago Classic. I've had the Lou before as well, and each time I've had it I've only thought that I was wasting stomach space that could be filled by the Chicago Classic. I understand the need for a good vegetarian option, and it is good, but the sausage is unearthly in its deliciousness.Pizza aside, the spinach bread is pretty good (it actually just tastes like a pizza though) and the house salad is a good appetizer to have while you're waiting 40 minutes for your pie to bake, but if you're patient you should just get pizza. It's certainly the best thing.Oh Lou's, why are you so awesome.This was not my first Lou Malnati's experience--my wonderful Chicago friends have brought some home for me repeatedly... but this was my first time getting it piping hot out of the oven (and not traveling across the country)... I must say, at first bite.... YUMMMMMMMMMMM.We ordered the wings and some soda to start.  The guy was awesome and brought out a pitcher of soda for us to share.  The wings were wonderful... perfectly cooked and flavored!  We ordered 2 pizzas--a sausage and pepperoni for the group and a personal cheese for me (I don't like toppings on pizza.  shoot me)  The pizza was sooooooooo good.  The crust was perfectly cooked and it had just the right amount of sauce.I love it!I don't like deep dish pizza. All the cheese makes me gag, it's heavy and awful and not my thing. But I was in Chicago with some teenagers and felt like I'd be depriving them of a quintessential Chicago experience if I didn't take them for deep dish. So, we waited. And waited and waited. And nearly starved. At the advice of the hostess, we placed our order (The Malnati Chicago Classic--sausage, cheese, and tomato sauce on Buttercrust) while we were waiting, so once we were seated our pizza came pretty quickly. Maybe it was that I was so hungry. Maybe it was that I hadn't been to Chicago in years and my palate has matured (or something). Whatever it was, I loved it. It was savory and satisfying, with the perfect ratio of crust to tomato to cheese to sausage. I'm officially converted.It's average. Bland. Sauce was meh. Toppings were minimal and almost non existent. Crust didn't wow me. What did wow me and helped with the rating is the waiter. Very friendly, funny and very personable. He even sang a song for us. Well worth a stop in for him. I guess coming from the greatest culinary area in the world (NJ/NY), the pizza was disappointing.Got the Malnati's Chicago Classic by delivery. Added mushrooms, onions, and garlic. The sausage was pretty much the size of the pizza. It was great, but kind of wished I went there instead to eat it as the cheese wasn't as melted as I wanted when I ate it since it got delivered.Got the spinach cheese rolls too. Pretty good.Probably not as well known as Giordano's, but certainly serves up some amazing food.Ignore the thin crust pizza on the menu.  You can get that on your next trip to NYC. Go straight for the Chicago style deep dish. You won't be disappointed.Our choice: pepperoni with mushroom.  Gotta have some greens to go with all the pizza.  So, order the Malnati Salad.  No shortage of flavor in this salad with lettuce, tomatoes, black olives, mushrooms, crumbled Volpi salami and gorgonzola cheese with our Sweet Vinaigrette and romano cheese.Service is great - very friendly staff.  Nice bar with large TVs to watch a game while you eat. It is my new go to pizza place in Chicago!I've had Gino's East, Giordanos, and some random other place for pizza. I liked Lou's the most by far. The deep dish pizza is great! There's not too much sauce or too much cheese. The crust is nice and buttery with a soft inside and crisp outer shell. The only downside, and this is definitely a first world problem, is that it takes 35 minutes to cook. I think I'd get the thin butter crust next time though if I had to decide. I only got the deep dish because I was in Chicago. The thin butter crust was awesome and toppings had so much flavor; recommend the crumbled sausage. Also, get the clam chowder, maybe this is because I am from the south.. but they clam chowder (called something else) was so freaking good I had to get another bowl.I love this place over all  else BUT if its too far to drive, then I'd pick.. Lou malnatis anyways. (Gino's East has decent deep dish though...)Delicious and amazing service. I wish I could give our hostess Alisha 10 stars! We started talking about it being our first time in Chicago and asked us what we were looking to do. We mentioned we wanted to check out the much talked about Chicago Bar Scene, Alisha returned with a list of near by bars that we had to check out. She had surveyed her co-workers and populated a top 5 list. This act of customer service is brag-worthy. At that point it didn't matter how good the food was (which by the way, rightfully deserved all 5 stars as well). Thank you! Look forward to be back soon!Quality deep dish pizza. My husband and I went around 6 p.m. on Saturday night and it was already getting crowded. We were lucky to get a table for two outside pretty quickly, but by the time that we were done with our meal, there was a line down the block and the wait for a table was nearly an hour. For those waiting, however, the hostesses were very organized and even allowed tables to place their orders before getting seated. Once we were seated, the pizza took about forty minutes, but our waitress was honest about the cooking time, and we were able to enjoy the spinach salad while our pizza cooked.For dessert we split the deep dish chocolate chip cookie. The individual size really is for an individual; it is small, but delicious. While its name suggests something out of the ordinary, it's basically a warm chocolate chip cookie with whipped cream. There's nothing disappointing about a warm chocolate chip cookie, but do not expect something exotic.Lets be honest... Lou's is a winner in terms of downtown chicago style pizza.Lets be honest... It is crowded.And why would you go to Uno's or Due's? No way.I would recommend getting the Lou (spinach & mushroom) and plan for 1-2 slices a person. Get the Cesar salad and a beer while you wait.If you live in CHI, you can buy their pizzas frozen and take them home.This place holds a special place in my heart as the restaurant that served me my first slice of authentic deep dish pizza.  I was in Chicago to run a half marathon, and for some reason I thought it would be a good idea to "carb up" with some deep dish pizza (note: this turned out to be a very bad idea).We ordered two pizza pies to share:1) The "Lou" - we had a vegetarian among us, so the ingredients in it were suitable for the veggie lover: spinach, mushrooms, and roma tomatoes.2) The "Manalti Chicago Classic" - comprised of sausage, cheese, tomato sauce on a buttercrust.  Super fattening!My eagerness to try these famed pizzas diminished with every minute I waited for the pizzas to come out of the oven; they took almost 40 minutes!  I recommend that you do not come here while you are famished.  Or, be smart and order an appetizer to tide you over to the main course.I think the "Lou" was the better of the two in terms of taste.  Whereas the Manalti Chicago Classic was salty due to the sausage, cheese and buttercrust, the salt in the "Lou" was absorbed by the vegetables.If you leave Chicago and still crave these deep-dlsh pizzas - do not fret - just order them online! They are unreasonably expensive though... I'd rather just make a quick trip to my local UNO's to satisfy my deep dish cravings.Calamari Fritta- well seasoned and crispy. Ordered The "Malnati's Chicago Classic" and the "Lou"-  both we're good with a buttery flaky crust, yum. Also came back and ordered frozen pizzas to take back home, worked out well and tasted almost just as good back home!Excellent food and service.THE FOODThe classic was outstanding, butter in the crust must be part of the magic. The sauce feels like fresh tomato fillets and not cooked down sauce. The vegetarian pizza was even better than the classic. The spinach salad left something to be desired.THE SERVICEWow....I wisk I could remember the kid's name...super friendly and helpful.THE ATMOSPHEREWhat you would imagine an established pizzeria in Chicago to look like. Definitely a warm and inviting place.I'm very critical when it comes to food, including pizza as I eat out a lot. After a disappointing pizza experience at Giordanos last week, I tried to keep my expectations low though my local friends said I had to try Malnati's before giving up on pizza in Chicago. I ordered the Chicago Malnati classic. Every bite was absolutely delicious, possibly the best deep dish pizza I've had in life. The buttery crust just melts in your mouth.  The sausages are just right, delicious as well!Just like everyone else, my first plan of attack on my first day in CHI was to try the famous "deep dish" pizza. Well, the pizza was OK. The cheese didn't melt like I'm used to and there wasn't much sauce on the pizza. It was kinda bland... I think because we ordered the small personal butter crust pizza, we didn't get it in the traditional pan. I saw someone next to me get it in the pan and their cheese stretched for days. So, needless to say, I was bummed about my pizza. In fact, I've had better deep dish in San Francisco; sorry.On the plus side, the bartender was SUPER friendly and attentive.My family came to Chicago with our friend from Germany and we wanted her to really experience all good things Chicago so naturally the deep dish pizza was on the list for dinner.  This placed was recommended to us by a staff member at our hotel and thought we'd give it a try.  The whole thing was awful.  The place was packed and tiny.  Very claustrophobic. We were seated upstairs in an even smaller area by a very rude hostess.  (Just her attitude and the way she talked to us like she really didn't want to be there and we were an inconvenience to her). The waitress really loud and overly sweaty (meh, it happens) but was quick to get our orders and brought us our drinks and plates right away, so that was good, however the plates were filthy with caked on food and finger prints all over them.. gross!  The food came after about 45 minutes later which we expected and it was horrible.  The crust tasted like graham crackers the cheese was really cold which made it very chewy and the sauce consisted of four slices of tomatoes on top of the pizza.  It tasted like a can of tomato paste.  We were sooo bummed this turned out like it did.  I was really looking forward to the pizza especially after reading all the great reviews.There is no better pizza in Chicago.Tell me if I'm wrong people!  We were in town from Charlotte and had been looking forward to trying pizza in Chicago fresh vs having it shipped dry ice.  We went to Gino's East the day before and it's no contest, Lou Malnati's is so much better.  We only had a ten minute wait so grabbed a drink at the bar first.  We ordered the pepperoni, sausage, cheese and oh my - i'd kill for a fresh slice of it right now.It's fantastic, fresh, and delicious.  I will continue to order frozen but won't go to Chicago without dropping in for some fresh pie.  Thanks to Lou's for a great night with excellent food and service!Quality sausage deep dish - nobody else comes close!Today was my daughter's 18th birthday. Her suburban friends met up with us in the city for a bowling party and lunch at Lou Malnati's -  my suggestion due to the quality of pizza and service we have had in the past.  PAST is the operative word.  I first tried to make a reservation for 9 people in the AM but was denied. The staff told me to call about 45 minutes prior to getting there to pre-order. I attempted that and was told that I could not do so as there was a 30 minute wait and was told to come in.  My wife left my daughter's party early to not inconvenience our guests and when she arrived at the restaurant, the restaurant was far from full with 3 staff members standing around talking at the front reception area.  When she asked why we could not pre-order, she was told that they were probably busy when I called.  She then pre-ordered while they got the table ready at 2PM. We arrived and had to wait until 3PM for our pizzas which were not even hot. Our server was non-existent leaving us without water and pizzas my wife served along with the salad. This was the worst service I have ever received and no one on the staff said Happy Birthday to my daughter after they were informed of the occasion.  We have been long time customers and have frequented both the Gold Coast and River North locations and would have expected hot food and quality service which we did not get.  Very disappointing as it was supposed to be a great day and her friends who were first time guests who did not have a positive first impression of Lou Malnati's. Not planning on coming back or ever recommending again.I have to admit, I'm typically a thin crust pizza kinda girl.  Lou Malnati's is bomb though!!  And, it's cheap!!  My gf and I split a small salad and a small deep dish pizza and we were stuffed.  We eat A LOT too!  Just remember that if you order a deep dish pizza, it takes about 35-40 minutes to bake!We came for dinner and waited an hour to get a table, a sign of a good restaurant. The deep dish, butter crust, sausage pizza was soooooo good. I love pizza and that one knocked my socks off. My husband shared the pizza dip appetizer with another guy and that seemed to be nothing great, but their house salad was a great no-frills dose of veggies. Our server forgot our drinks, but once we reminded him he was right on top of it. We left in a pretty large food coma, but it was well worth it.After recently relocating to Chicago, I have tried 3 pizza places thus far: Pizzanos, Giordanos, and Lou Mlannati's.  I would rate Lou's third out of the three.  I got there around 5 on a weekend, and beat the rush!  There was a 5 minute wait for two..not bad for a vastly yelp-rated pizzeria.I was unimpressed with the service though.  The hostess really did not seem to care about any of its patrons in line..maybe she was just haivng a bad day, but man!The waitress was nice, but a bit curt.  I ordered the spinach bread, salad to share, and pizza.  The spinach bread was great, the salad was average, and the pizza was good, but unfortunately not jaw-droppingly awesome.What would make this place a lot better though? better draft selection and cheaper pitchers!  because let's face it, who doesn't love pizza and beer??When I left, the line was halfway down the block!Wait is a little longer than stated, add about 15 mins. You can preorder prior to seating but it ended up failing for us because the order got mixed up and a small ended up elsewhere n had to be remade. 75 mins later, I got it. Waitress was nice n gave us a snack to eat so I can't complain much. She was great and I appreciated her honesty.So much crust and cheese. Not knowing how big the pizzas are, we ordered two of them, one all meat and one all veggie. It was an interesting experience eating a pizza where the crust and cheese are an inch thick each. The all meat one was definitely more overwhelming than the all veggie one. Overall, not a huge fan of Chicago deep dish. Definitely prefer NYC-style pizza where the crust, sauce, and cheese aren't made in a 1:1:1 ratio.On my first trip to Chicago, it was go deep dish or go home. After some research, I decided to walk the scenic mile to Lou Malnati's and get a deep dish to-go. Though I plan to try other spots when/if I come back to Chicago, I can't imagine it getting any better than this. Outside of thin crust in New York, this is one of the best pizzas I've ever had the delight of eating. Leftovers for lunch tomorrow? Just couldn't do it. I had "The Lou", which is vegetarian with a garlic butter crust, spinach, mushrooms, and fresh tomatoes. Though it is not the "original" butter crust, the hint of garlic flavor was amazing. It wasn't overwhelmingly saucy or cheesy and had just the right amount of toppings. I can't recommend this enough and plan to look into their delivery option to my home in CA...This pizza is delicious and exactly what you're looking for if only in Chicago for a few days. The crust is so fluffy!! Order the spinach bread not on the menu. Man is that delicious!!Thanks be to Jebus for leading us to this divine pizza.  But seriously, this was Yelp leading us to the right place when we were just looking for some good old fashion Chicago style deep dish pizza.  And boy did we get served... but served in a good way!We came at an 'off" time around 3pm but we still had around a half an hour wait.  I swear to you I would have waited 2 hours for this pizza!  We ordered The Lou and the Chicago Classic.  I LOVED The Lou!  It was so delicious with fresh spinach, tomatoes and a what I believed really cinched it in... a blend of mozzarella, romano and cheddar cheese.  The crust!  It deserves its own paragraph.... doughy, thick and fresh.  Orgasmic!  How can I go back to regular pizza??  For realz!  Thin crust, no more!  If you are going ANYWHERE in Chicago YOU MUST COME HERE!Came here to visit a friend! Not big on deep dish pizza! However they do it right! I ended up taking 3 frozen pies back home to Cali! Go for the sausage! :)Oh geez. Chicago, you have won me over. This is Pizza with a capital P. I've often thought that pizza is something that's generally pretty good but Lou Malnati's takes it to another level. This isn't just classic Chicago deep dish. It's salty sweet tomato sauce, ooey gooey cheese, spicy sausage, and mushrooms in a trench-deep crisp crust. Yea, that's a recipe to make your mouth water. My friends and I came for a pre-dinner dinner (don't judge) with the goal of "just one" slice and maybe a beer but I soon realized that it was all silly diet talk. After one forkful of that ooey gooey cheesy magic, I couldn't stop. Not only did we finish a pie that was probably meant to feed an army, but I wanted to order another one and another one and another one.To top off this pizza perfection, their service was very accomodating. We had initially ordered to go because the wait was pretty long, but when an table opened up, they just let us transfer our to-go order to dine-in, no questions asked. Definitely worth it to give Lou Malnati's a shot the next time you're in town.Best deep dish pizza we've ever had! House salad with Lou's salad dressing was amazing! Great service and cool place. It's a must have in Chicago!First Deep Dish Pizza Ever and what better place than Chicago to break my deep dish cherry.Lou Malnati's is supposed to be one of the best places in Chicago to grab a deep dish so I used my fat fingers to plug their address into the GPS (which always gets screwy in Chicago due to all the skyscrapers ~ sigh). If you're claustrophobic, avoid this place. It's not small by any means, but there is just so much traffic that comes in and out, it can be hard to breathe. (I'm so short too, so it's hard to stick my head up for air). Anyways, they've got a bar/counter and a nice patio out front. The service is stellar as our waitress was always ready to answer any questions we had. The menu involves a lot of other things, but stick to the Deep Dish Pizza!The girlfriend doesn't like sausage (well...at least not this kind....) , so we had to order separately. The shame behind that is that we ordered personal pans that didn't come in the large black trays that everyone else gets. Nonetheless, our personal pans were very good. I ordered the Malnati Chicago Classic which is the deep dish with house blended lean sausage, extra cheese, and vine ripened tomato sauce on a buttercrust. The girlfriend just ordered an individual Deep Dish with mushrooms and cheese. Both pizzas were absolutely fantastic! The only thing that sucks is the knife, they should definitely give us something better. Anyways...This pizza requires a knife and fork. Cutting through the pizza, you can hear the crunch of the crust while also getting those long cheesy strings of goodness that accompany every bite. The gooey cheese and large amounts of sausage really made each bite a special taste of Chicago. The sauce was great and the crust was very crisp. Nothing about this pizza was a bad experience. I wish I could compare this experience to other Deep Dish places. Sadly, I cannot. I can say though, that if other places make deep dish pizzas like this, I may never want to leave Chicago again...I visited Chi-town a few months ago and this place was on the todo list thanks to yelp. Could not finish the second slice since the first slice weighed nearly 2 pounds. Left the place a few pounds heavier. Pizza made the best breakfast the following morning.Ladies and gents, please bring your stomachs.  No snacking prior to your visit at Lou Malnati's!  I've had Giordano's, Gino's East, Lou Malnati's, Uno's, and Pequod's.  I think you could say I've had a lot of deep dish since I moved to Chicago. Out of all the places I've tried, I really prefer Lou Malnati's crust.  It's crunchy, yet chewy.        When my party of six strolled in at 8 PM on a Thursday, we were quoted a wait of one hour.  The server took our phone number in order to reach us, then we decided to hit up Bull & Bear next door for a few drinks to kill the time.  BUT DON'T LEAVE YET!  If you're ordering a whole deep dish (which I recommend you do), then you should place your order now. The pizzas alone take +/-45 minutes (depends on how busy the place is), so it's best to put your deep dish order in while you are waiting to be seated.  If you're ordering other things (salad, pasta, or pretty much anything other than pizza) then you will order once you're seated.  Our plan worked out flawlessly at Bull & Bear because we got seated outside without waiting and could easily pay and leave from the patio.  Alas, we got "the call". At Lou's, we ordered a Malnati salad, calamari, the "classic" deep dish, and the "Lou" deep dish (vegetarian).  Both pizzas are medium-size.  The food truths:-Malnati salad:  To be honest, I was surprised at the tastiness of the salad because I feel that a lot of restaurants only serve salads as a requisite. The salad is tossed with sweet vinaigrette dressing, gorgonzola, salami, olives, tomatoes, mushrooms and romano cheese.  I'd definitely order it again without any changes.  The menu says it serves 3-4 people, but our table of six all had enough salad.  -Calamari:  I'm a calamari freak.  I don't know why, but I almost always tend to order calamari at pizzerias.  The calamari wasn't the best, but I would order it again because I lurve (love) calamari and the marinara sauce was delicious and fresh.-The "Lou" (vegetarian) deep dish:  let me just say this... No one at the table was vegetarian, but everyone liked it.  My manfriend even preferred it over the sausage-laden "Classic" deep dish that we also ordered.  This pizza was a happy marriage of delectable mushrooms, spinach, cheese, tomater sauce, and thinly-sliced tomatoes on top.  I'm not big on tomaters so I did begin sliding them off of my pizza. Sorry I'm not sorry.-The "Classic":  oh, hellllllo you sausage-y goodness, you.  This Classic was jacked up on lean sausage, tomater sauce, and lots o'  cheese.  This pizza was perfect.  Probably due to the leanness of the sausage, the sausage actually had a good bite to it. Still perfect and I'd order this baby up again!The service was perfect and I never had to play Where's Waldo to locate my waiter since he was very on top of things, especially considering how jam-packed this place was on a Thursday night.  Water was filled at all times and he did a nice job of serving us the pizzas once they came out.  One thing they really can improve on is having a bigger bathroom.  C'mon! One stall for the women's bathroom?! Other than my bathroom gripe, everything else was just peachy! Hostess was also very kind. Now, go treat yourself.Ok bizotches, sit up, pay attention, empty your stomach, and take the following quiz:If you are one of the following people:a) You like New York style pizza,b) You're "watching your calories",c) You're a wussy California style eater (defined as: you like tiny portions that cost a helluva lotta money and don't fill you up after eight courses, you insist that every single meal has sushi or avocado in it, you like "Zacharys"),d) You've had a triple bypass,e) You're "not the biggest fan of deep dish"/"you don't like deep dish" or,f) You're a pretentious mofo that considers yourself a "foodie" and can't stand to take a whiff of anything not prepared by a three-Michelin-star establishment.STOP right here. Please DO not go here and crowd up the lines/wait even more. They're already insane, and you, you little pretentious freak you, you will not, and I repeat, WILL not, appreciate the gloriousness that is Lou Malnati's pizza. It's cheesy, it's deep dish, it's freaking fantastic- this is pizza at its freaking Midwestern finest- it takes a man's man and a woman of willpower to eat one of these. And if you still go, you picky wuss, just to damningly diss deep dish deliciousness, then do yourself a favor and at least order the Chocolate Chip Pizza. And then let me know if you're still spewing the haterade that stems from you being one of 'those' people. Damn pansy-asses crowding my favorite pizza parlors.I polled every native and local Chicagoan I knew for the best deep dish pizza and everyone said.......       Malnati's. So Malnati's it is.... Came on a Thursday night and after a short 10-15 min wait, our large group was seated upstairs with other groups. The layout, interior, and vibe reminded me a little of a Bucca di Beppo. I liked passing the time over a beer and the Sharks game at their bar. *The Malnati Chicago Classic - $21. Lou's blend of sausage, exxtra cheese, and tomato on their signature buttercrust. Simple flavors that created something really delicious, and after 2 slices pretty filling. I usually leave a scrapyard of pizza crust on my plate but not this time. My favorite was their super fresh tasting tomato sauce.     (yelp.com/biz_photos/8vFJ…)If you could eat more than 3 slices, I applaud you, you should be on Man vs Food.   (yelp.com/biz_photos/8vFJ…)Lou's is pretty good pizza, but in Chicago, where pizza joints are everywhere, I have to go with a 3 star, and here's why:Wait staff is very casual.  There are a lot of them, too. I had 3 different servers, so wasn't sure who my tip would be going to.The build-out is good. Very family friendly place. Lots of kids with parents the night I went in.The price is reasonable.  I got a medium deep dish, but after about 3-4 slices, couldn't take another bite, and it wasn't because of the size. It just tasted a bit bland compared to other places I've been - particularly in Chicago. Not to worry - the food didn't go to waste. There are several vagrants near Trump Tower that I'm sure enjoyed having the leftovers.I'd try it again for some pasta instead of pizza.The World According to NoelleAllergic Girl's Guide to Life"Lou Malnati's- FOR LIFE." Noelle W.My better half has always proclaimed Lou Malnati's as the best pizza ever. Being a California girl, I was skeptical because I came from the school of thought that everything delicious food-wise comes from the great state of California. On our most recent trip to Chicago (in December) Lou Malnati's was on our list of places to dine. Our first trip to this particular location was on a cold and snowy Chicago night. It so happened that the power was out so there were no pizzas being cooked that night. Before we left Chicago we stopped by Lou Malnati's and picked up one large deep dish combo pizza and one large sausage and cheese thin crust pizza.The deep dish pizza was extremely heavy. We carried both pizzas through the O'hare International Airport. People all over the airport stopped us to tell us how much they love Lou Malnati's pizza. By the time we had both pizzas at home they were cold. We reheated them in our convection oven and they tasted absolutely heavenly. The crust on the deep dish pizza was buttery and had the right amount of crunch, the sauce was zesty and flavorful, and they had a good amount of toppings to make the combo. The thin crust was delicious, the cheese and sausage were made to perfection.Pizza is among my favorite things to eat. Lou Malnati's is the best Chicago style pizza I have ever had in my life. I wish they had a Lou Malnati's Pizzeria in California. Lou Malnati's where crust and sauce are a marriage made in heaven aka Chicago the Windy City.We definitely will be doing the mail order for their pizzas!Noelle's NotesNoelle's Favorite Pizza Place.Best.  Deep Dish.  Pizza.  Ever.  Like ever.  In like the world.  Or beyond.The soft, buttery crust.  The thick sauce.  The sauteed mushrooms.  The seasoned Italian sausage. The cheese.  Oh sweet Cheesus... the cheese.  So gooey.  Anyway... I don't live in the city anymore.  I saw one too many episodes of Baywatch and escaped the Winter cold to Cali.  They said it was the place you ought to be.  Swimming pools.  Movie stars.  Yeah.  There's no Lou Malnati's here, though.  They forgot to mention that.  I don't like them very much now.  If you're reading this, chances are you're in Chicago (or headed there) and you're trying to decide where to eat.  Are you kidding me?  Stop.  THIS is the place you ought to be.  Look at the pictures.  It's ok to drool.  Just go.After writing my review, I was contacted by Lou Malnati's district manager to talk about my experience.  As reflected in my review, I wasn't crazy about their deep dish pizza --but that doesn't matter.  I really appreciated Lou Malnati's commitment to customer service, to reaching out, and to doing their best to make it right.  It's such a simple concept; it's so unusual to find it in today's world.  It makes me all that much more delighted to join them next time I'm in Chicago to try their thin crust.5-stars for customer service.Disclaimer: I'm from SF, not Chicago. In SF, I always rave about Zacchary's Chicago style pizza in Berkekey. I figured that If I liked Zacchary's so much I may as well stop by Chicago to see how it compares. We yelped pizza places on our blackberries and ended up at Lou Malnati's. Yelp hooked it up. Lou Malnat's was great. A step above Zacch's (which I still think is amazing).We ordered the Lou and the crust was soft and perfect. I'm not into really crisp crust. It was 9pm and we had a seat outside on the street and the weather couldn't have been better. The sodas (err, pop) were enormous. The service was good and prices reasonable. I need to go back to Chicago and have a pizza tour.Eh, this isn't as good as their original location in Lincolnwood, but since that's quite a hike from my office, I end up at this one on the average of once a month or so.It's always crowded and it always seems to be short staffed, but as long as I can get in and get out in a reasonable amount of time, it's all fine.My friend and I meet up here often enough and we always share an order of cheddar cubes and then we both get the express lunch, which is an individual pizza, salad or soup, and a soft drink. I believe it's $7.25, so even with the cheddar cubes, all told, it's a cheap-ass lunch for the quality as well as the quantity of food you get.Again, the food is not as good as their flagship/original location, but most chains aren't. Still, it's consistently above average, and it's Lou's, so really, how bad can it be.I'd rather eat here for $12 than somewhere subpar for the same amount of money.Lou's is a-okay in my book.3.5 stars.For years in my youth, I was deeply deprived of quality pizza. I grew up on the likes of Domino's, Pizza Hut, and Little Caesar's. If you like those pizzas, wait until you try deep dish pizza, "it'll knock your socks off!" my friends would say. So I make the trip to BJ's restaurant and brewhouse, and take a huge, doughy bite of their "deep dish" pizza. No, no, and NO.Over the years that I have tried other renditions of deep dish pizza up and down California, such as Zachary's in Oakland. While they are all very good, there was just something about the crust at Lou Malnati's. There are numerous theories, whether it's the water, the oven, or the ingredients. All I know, I thoroughly enjoyed my deep dish pizza in Chicago.We ordered a small pizza, and it was already plenty for two people. Good thing we ordered the spinach stuffed bread appetizer, the 30 minute wait can be most excruciating when you're stomach is about to tear itself apart out of pure hunger. The bread was moist, and the spinach inside wasn't overpowering at all.When the pizza arrived and we took our first bite, I could immediately tell that the "butter crust" was worth every calorie. It gave the crust a nice sheen, a buttery aroma, and a light and crispy crunch when my teeth dug right in. Inside, the smooth and velvety cheese just melted and ooozed through, giving the pepperoni and mushrooms just that extra burst in flavor. I was happy that there were no signs of uncooked or squishy "dough," so common in many flawed deep dish pizzas. Three big slices and a couple refills of diet Cokes later, I was done. DONE. Each slice practically weighed a pound each. I needed a siesta big time, to lay my head down on something, anything. Back to the hotel, we go. Food coma had taken me by the huevos, and I was at its mercy. Lou Malnati's, you knocked my socks off. Literally.I love deep dish so much that I changed the route of my road trip to stop in Chicago to try a real deep dish pizza.  After much research I came here for lunch 20 minutes before 2pm.  The hostess kept asking if anyone was working in the back.  No one answered her.  I ordered the personal pizza, cheese and sausage (yelp.com/biz_photos/8vFJ…).  I really wasn't impressed.  The crust was not crispy or flavorful.  In fact, the pizza did not taste like it was cooked long enough.  There was way too much sauce and hardly any cheese or sausage.  I can devour a small pizza on my own and after eating barely half I gave the rest to my boyfriend.  Service was also very slow.  I think the mistake was coming so close to closing and having one waitress trying to do everything.2nd deep dish destination during my trip!After we had our deep dish cherry popped at Pequod's, decided that we must eat deep dish pizza at least once more before we left so came on Monday before our flight to sample Lou Malnati's.After looking through the menu, we decided on "The Lou," which is fresh spinach, mushrooms, and sliced tomatoes covered with mozzarella, romano and cheddar cheese.  We also added sausage since we're all fans of it.  Originally we wanted the flat disc ones but when it came it was the typical sausage.  Probably just misheard, oh well.The pizza is definitely cheesy.  Thanks to the fresh tomatoes, the pizza was moist but somehow the thick crust stood up against all the ingredients well.  Comparing it to Pequod's, it's less sauce but tastes more refreshing, or as refreshing as a deep dish possible could.  The crust is a super flaky buttery crust and yes, you can go for the thin version... but unless you live in Chicago, then just go with the deep dish!Our pizza took awhile to arrive (around 40 minutes) so it's probably a good idea to order a salad or appetizer.  We just wanted to eat our fill of deep dish so we didn't get any, but thanks to that strategy, I did manage to take down 2 1/2 slices!  Whooo!Service was good, although our server was a little forgetful and we had to remind her a few times.  The place itself is very clean and nicely lit, which I liked.  It has more of a family atmosphere going on.  Lots of professionals during lunch time getting the personal size too.They also ship home!!  Not cheap but hey, if I want deep dish, why not get it from one of the best?  (Thanks Kurdy S for reminding me!)If ever your friends are in from out of town, it's only appropriate to give them exposure to proper Chicago fare. I was downtown and weighing several deep dish / stuffed locations, but Lou Malnati's seemed to be calling with a siren song. Don't get me wrong, I've been to Lou's and enjoy their thin crust and deep dish all the same and with a friend in from out of town it was time to try some of Chicago's best deep dish pizza.8:30pm on a Monday night and the line for a table was "30 to 40 minutes" worth of waiting. Knowing Chicago deep dish takes about 45 minutes to make, I quickly ordered the Malnati Chicago Classic and patiently waited for my friends to arrive. The Lou's on Wells is a popular tourist spot and there were some English folks enjoying their pizza and a large group of tourists with cameras more advanced than mine. Crowded and family-friendly, there were several strollers rolling around the place. TVs in the background televised the Dallas-Oklahoma City matchup while some tables around were slicing into their pies.The appetizer that arrived was Lou Malnati's three cheese bread. Upon seeing this behemoth, my jawk dropped! I didn't really read the menu and thought I was ordering bread sticks or something. Instead this giant loaf of bread dropped down on the table and it was a welcome sight as I hadn't eaten all day. The bread was crisp but could have used a bit of garlic, but overall a solid appetizer.The moment of truth had finally arrived right on our table. Lou's renowned butter crust has been a staple of the deep dish circuit over the better part of the past thirty years and this was the place to be. Picking up my knife and carving into the piece of pie, I could hear the crispiness of the crust as I cut into it. Starving, the pizza was worth the salt and the extra pepperoni added some additional flavor. Lou's deep dish also has an entire layer of sausage cooked underneath the top and the tomato sauce mixed with the sausage flavor and butter crisp to make the fiercest version of Chicago Deep Dish. You may beg to differ but I am always open to try more awesome deep dish spots.I had a hard time deciding on which Chicago pizza to try on this trip and was tempted by the Lou Malnati's butter crust and sausage-patty style pie. I definitely liked the butter crust, but everything else was kinda mediocre. The tomato sauce wasn't very interesting and the sausage was boring. One thing that I thought was excellent was the spinach salad...especially with all the bacon bits.The experience led me to order a pizza from Giordano's the next day, and I liked that a lot better.I will be looking forward to more pizza adventures in Chicago.  I was recommended by numerous people as well as seeing it on the Travel Channel.  The ambiance is amazing.  You can definitely tell a good amount of heart was put into this place when they built this location back in the 80's.We arrived when the lunch crowd was starting to fade.  Service was quick and friendly.  Even though our waitress forgot a couple items, she promptly returned with the request items.  The food itself was OK.  The Salad was OK as was the pizza.  With the pizza, the sauce was great and the crust was deep and crispy.  However, working towards the center of the pie, it just got soggy.I am ready to drop by again and try something other than the Lou Malnati Special.  Some of the other pies looked great but it never hurts to try a tried and true.  The portion of the pizza closest to the crust tasted perfect, piping hot and scrumptious.  Otherwise, the third of the pie towards the center was a different story.  Regardless, I'd still drop by again and give it one more shot.A chain worth repeating. As my foodie tastes have developed over the years, I become more refined kind of food that I like. That being said Lou's is a place that I have been craving since 2006 when I first came and ate pizza in Chicago. It was definitely worth repeating on my whirlwind trip to Chicago this summer. The pizza is something unique. Not only is it served in traditional Chicago style, taking 30-40 minutes to prepare, but the sauce is served on top, loaded with cheese underneath. Fork and knife are required.  Plus this location has side walk seating shaded by neighboring buildings in the afternoon with a view and noise of the L-train passing by on the loop above the city.  Sure, more delicate pizza is available elsewhere, but there's a reason why this chain has online frozen fed ex delivery available accross the US and locals drop in and carry out arms full of pizza boxes... It's damn good!This was my second deep dish pizza in Chicago and it did not disappoint.  I was here early on a Sunday evening and we were seated immediately.  We ordered a kids meal for our daughter - penne marinara, a root beer that was extremely large, plenty for two people without a refill, and a deep dish with olives, sausages and mushrooms.  We were told we'd have to wait awhile for the deep dish, which was fine.  Our daughter's pasta came out first, which worked out well because she ate plenty of food and practically had food coma by the time our pizza arrived.  At first smell, the pizza was already better smelling and better looking than the one with got from Giordano's just two nights prior.  The crust was cooked to perfection - not too soggy and not too thick.  I rarely eat pizza crust but this one was good.  The flavors of the pizza were really good too.  We scarfed it down in no time, leaving no olive behind.  Perhaps we were so dissapointed from our first Chicago pizza that this totally made up for it, but in any case, it was delicious.  Not only that, it was a lot cheaper than when we ordered from Giordano's.  To me, they don't even compare.Butter crust? We thought it would be a nasty little gimmick, but it actually turned out to be pretty tasty. The sausage used in their classic deep dish was humungous and the antipasti salad was incredibly tasty. Now I know why Chicagoans fight over their deep dish so much.Day in and day out, if you're served with such good quality pizza, you'd have to be an idiot not to have an opinion about which is the best in the City.When you think of Chicago what comes to mind?DEEP DISH PIZZA!Well Lou Malnati's does it the best!We started out with the spinach cheese bread.  DAMN. This thing set the tone.  It  was spectacular.Then we had one of their deep dish pizzas with sausage, pepperoni, and mushrooms with the butter crust.  You gotta get the butter crust.  Now this was a true chicago pizza, worth eating with a fork and knife!OMG!!!Just had a fabulous friend who recently re-located to Chicago send my friend and I in Orlando two pizzas from Lou's! We broke into the veggie pizza yesterday (even though I have not had bread products in 2 weeks) and went to town. I have only had one Chicago pizza experience prior but I have no idea where it was from. When I bit into this pizza... I thought to myself, I need to order some more ASAP... I will need at least two more this week. It was just sensational. The butter, crispy crust was just delicious and the cheese was in a class of it's own. It literally is not allowed to be mentioned with any other regular pizza that I dine on. Just friggin' FABULOUS!!!! I can't wait to travel there and have a dine in experience because the product alone speaks multitudes. Thanks, X!!!Great service. the classic malnati pizza was amazing, even for a girl who doesn't like pizza. They let you know it will take 30 mins for your pizza so no surprises. Even the salad was goodBEST DEEP DISH CHICAGO PIZZA.The crust is perfectly buttery, the sauce and cheese are perfectly plentiful, and of course you MUST eat it with knife and fork.  Yup.  I get filled with like 3 slices.  THIS IS EVERYTHING THAT CHICAGO PIZZA SHOULD BE.My favorite thing about this pizza, is when you order sausage or pepperoni topping, you only get one piece of sausage or pepperoni.  IT'S JUST THE SIZE OF YOUR PIZZA.  DROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL.Did I mention they deliver?  ANYWHERE IN THE US.  They overnight you a flash frozen pizza in a dry ice box, but only a sausage, pepperoni, or cheese. so you ahve to add your own toppings for everything else.  ANd I believe it's only a medium size, but Lou Malnati 's RULEZ.So far I haven't had anything bad here. Gino's East used to be my absolute favorite deep dish pizza, but sorry Mr. East, Lou has beat ya! Comparing the two, both have cornbread consistency crust and pattie sausage-style pizza. However Gino's sausage goes down slooooowww.. Like you can just hear the heartburn as you digest it. and the crust is thicker (i.e more fattening). Lou's sausage is not as heavy and the crust is so friggin good, I eat the entire slice of pizza. Lou's also had spinach bread, cheese balls (don't knock em til you've tried em) and fried zucchini. Not to slight Gino's, Ginos does have the bomb fried spinach sticks, but the grease is heavy and you can tell they fry the spinach sticks, cheese sticks and whatever else they fry in the same grease. Ew Also Lou's is cheaper than Ginos. I pay about $18 for a small deep dish sausage pizza and I pay $11,.21 for the one from Lou's. Ok I'm tired of typing but long story short: Lou's is better than Gino's. I'd like to eat it every Thursday. Why Thursday? just an arbitrary day I picked that wasn't Monday or Friday. GO LOU'SIn a week and a half, I was visited three times by out of state friends and family. All of them wanted to go out to dinner. The first visit was from my friends from St. Louis who were in Chicago for Spring Break with their kids and they all wanted to try deep dish pizza. I picked Lou Malnati's because it was close to my office and close to their hotel. The pizza was ok. I'm not a deep dish fan, but I tried a slice. I liked that their menu offered options for the kids. My friend's toddler could have chicken nuggets and fries while their 10 year old could have lasagna. The staff was so friendly and helpful. Other than that, Lou Malnati's was average. Nothing special.Full disclosure: I worked for Lou's on Wells from '92 - '96 as a waiter and later a delivery driver.  That was a long time ago though and now I just get a Malnati's pizza whenever I'm in Chicago, as a customer.What this means, is that I know my Lou's pizza.  I'm only going to talk about the pan pizza though there are some other worthwhile things on the menu.I'll also have to admit that Lou's wasn't always my favorite pan pizza.  The thing about Lou's pizza is that the crust is very crispy.  It took a while for me to warm up to it... hundreds of pizzas later :-)  I actually liked Due's pizza a little better for a while because of the crust.  Though many know that Uno's, Due's and Malnati's have the same bloodline.  Strange that someone might say that this isn't real pan pizza when this is actually the original Chicago pan pizza.  Thick dough never has and never will have anything to do with authentic Chicago-style pan pizza.  In fact, if you call it "dough," whether you're talking about thin crust or pan, you're not talking about Chicago pizza.  In Chicago, it's called a "crust;" for good reason.What we're really talking about is crust that lines the bottom of and comes up the sides of a pan, filled with delicious toppings.One thing's for sure, whether this is your style of pizza or not, Malnati's is concerned about good pizza.  It's a heritage.TIP:Here's a tip that I know from serving hundreds of these pies.  If you call ahead, Lou's will pre-cook your pizza for you and take it out of the oven with 10 minutes to go so that it can be finished when you arrive.  The only way that this makes sense is if you call in 20 minutes before you get there.  That way, the pizza is already cooking but doesn't get pulled or if it does, doesn't get pulled for too long.  Otherwise, the pizza's just not the same. DON'T DO IT! (sorry Lou's)We had dinner - three of us, ordered Malanti Classic Deep dish, it was pretty good, but not as much as it was hyped. The service was good. The creamy cheese and jalapeno soup was really good. Loved it. Dessert - brownie sundae was good too :). Also please get more choices, I mean there was nothing besides sausage,pepperoni and cheese. Where is the chicken ? :|Mmmmm...I know why this is a Chicago favorite!!Great service, YUMMY Lou Malnati salad!!!  Chock full of goodness like olives, crispy cold romaine lettuce, onions, gorganzola cheese, light dressing! YUMMY YUMMY YUMMY!I have never dined at Lou's - always only getting take-out and it's just as good fresh if not better!  THANKS LOU!There's something about the pizza dough that made me fall in love with Lou Malnati's. Then I happened to see the episode of Food Wars and found out that it is a buttered dough which is absolutely delicious. Oh ya, Lou Malnati's won that Food Wars episode.Anyways, we got a 9" Malnati's Chicago Classic for delivery. We were told that it was going to take 1 hour to cook and delivery to us and it arrived exactly at the 1 hr marker so kudos to them for that. Even though it was delivered, the pizza was still fantastic. The combination of the cheese, tomato sauce sausage and the buttered dough complemented each other perfectly.This restaurant was a hit!I've never had Chicago deep dish before, and during my trip to Chicago to visit my sister, she and I went to Lou Malnati's for a late lunch one Saturday afternoon.  It was fairly empty and we were seated immediately.  We were not too hungry so we didn't want to order anything huge.  Our server was very friendly and kept calling me "brother" for some reason.  We thought that was kind of funny.  I was looking through the menu to find a classic Chicago's deep dish, and the restaurant's menu suggested that the Malnati's Chicago Classic is made with a sausage that is the specialty of the restaurant and also with their famous Buttercrust.  So we decided to order a small sized Malnati's Chicago Classic, which is 9'' and serves two, and also to get an order of wings as appetiser.  My sister had, at this point, already decided she also wants the Chocolate Chip Pizza for dessert.  She has a sweet tooth just like I do.The wings came out soon enough.  It was delicious, but nothing out of the ordinary.  We did not have to wait too long for the pizza to come out.  I was excited to try deep dish for the first time, and I already knew that it is better eaten with fork and knife, so my utensils were ready and my mouth was watering because at this point I was pretty hungry.  The sausage was good, and the sauce and cheese were delicious.  Maybe my expectations were too high, but I did not really think it was as good as everyone clamoured it to be.  What I found disappointing was the sausage.  It tasted good, but it was obvious that the sausage was pre-shaped into a circular shape to be used as topping and the entire thing put on the pizza before being cooked in the oven.  The entire circular mass of sausage would move when you maneuver the pizza.The Chocolate Chip Pizza was great.  It was a monstrosity of ice cream and whip cream on top of a big chocolate chip cookie, sitting in a deep dish pan.  I only had a couple of bites though, and let my sister have the rest.  I think next time I try Chicago deep dish, I will go to another restaurant.  Lou Malnati's was not bad, but I'm betting there's better pizza to be had in Chicago.You cannot go to Chicago and not have a deep dish pizza. The problem is which one do you go to? There's Gino's East, Pizzeria Uno, Lou Malnati's, and Giordano's (although it's stuffed pizza which is slightly different with the extra layer of dough) as the major players to boast as having the best pizza in the city. What is a person to do? Well rely on Yelp of course. Being that Lou's has the best ratings it was worth a try.After attending a lengthy Shakespeare play at the Navy Pier, we were famished. Grabbing a taxi cab we headed over to this Lou Malnati's location. A late dinner provides easy accessibility to a table. Ordering a small 9" Malnati's Chicago Classic with mushrooms and then encountering the most painful part of dining at a deep dish pizza place....the  wait. Especially, like I mentioned before, we were famished. Order an appetizer you say? No, that would make us less hungry for what we came to eat. Well, you could take the rest of the pizza to-go with you. Not a possibility since our hotel didn't have a microwave. And who wants soggy microwaved slice of pizza that was a shell of what it was in texture and flavor? So we waited...45 minutes later, a pizza stand was assembled before us and our pizza radiating with its heat and tantalizing smells was set atop. The waitress served us our first slices and we dug in instantly. I especially loved the buttery, flaky crust and the gooey, elastic cheese. This is what Chicago deep dish is supposed to be.Best pizza hands down.  The tomato sauce was fresh, and had a tart tomato taste to it.  The crust was crispy and there was plenty of cheese, meat and veggies.I'm not a deep dish fan but man, Lou Malnati's is something else.  You have to go here.  Giardanos is for people who like crusts that are hard like crackers.  Lou Malnati's is for people who like a soft, chewy crust.  Let's break it down:AMBIENCEYour regular family restaurant with multiple rooms, a bar up front that has a couple of decent beers on tap, and a relatively long wait no matter what day of the week you go.  It's nothing fancy but you're not there for that in the first place.FOODDon't get the appetizers.  Just go straight for the pizza.  Get the Lou (spinach, romano cheese, and other veggie stuff) which automatically comes with the butter crust or get the Sausage/Pepperoni with the butter crust.  The crust is soft and buttery (duh) and incredible.  The cheese is thick and perfect.  You will be in heaven (which may end up sooner than you wanted given how much your cholesterol is about to go up after eating one of these pies).DEFINITION OF PIZZAI know Chicago-style pizza is more casserole than pizza.  Yes, people in Naples would cry if they saw this being called pizza.  It tastes great anyway so stop complaining.SERVICEFriendly staff, friendly bartender, and generally a great time.VALUE$40 with tip and beer for 3 people.  Holy cow!  This is awesome.  I'll be back here the next time I feel like decreasing my life expectancy by a few days.OVERALLIf you have guests in from out of town and they want to try Chicago-style deep dish, you need to take them to Lou Malnati's.  Go early or go late because the wait will be quite long.  You can order before you sit down so that you don't faint waiting for your incredible pizza.How could a pizza place with such a cool name not have awesome deep dish pizza? This Chicago institution had me anticipating some tasty finger-lickin' pizza. I've had Neopolitan pizza at Pepe's in New Haven and the original Ray's NY pizza in the Big Apple. So it saddens me to say that this was not THE deep dish pizza experience that I was longing for.I went with a large party and had the opportunity to sample several versions. The verdict? The sauce is decent. The toppings are typical. The crust was too dry. I don't want greasy, but this crust was lacking a little sumpin sumpin if you know what I mean.Will give another try since I live a few blocks away.I'm really on the fence about lou malnati's. Maybe i caught them on an odd nite of delivery amid the super bowl craziness.  I want kind of want to like it because it's a little bit different, and not as over poweringly heavy as full on stuffed crust pizza.  I think if it had just a little bit more cheese it might be passable, but as it was it seemed fairly plain and dull.  (updated) More tragically it made pretty much the worst cold pizza I've ever had, which is always for me a testament for good pizza. (it should still be pretty darn good cold).I guess i expected more from it.  In general i find i prefer the chicago stuffed pie deep dish to my more familiar NY style thin crust i grew up on, but malnati's falls somewhere in the middle.  reminiscent of the old pizza hut deep dish done with better ingredients and quality perhaps but similar outcome.this also marks the first occasion where something a friend recommended and liked was something I did not care for.Alright after a long day of flight cancellations and what not, the first place we've decided to grab food was here. Chicago is known for their deep dish pizza, so of course we gotta check this place out. Arrived here around 9PM and the place was packed. We waited on line and the server told us to place our order in, so while we wait they'll make it for us. I thought that's a pretty smart idea and that all restaurants should have this option. Okay, except Chinese restaurants because literally you sit down and your food comes in a minute...yea I'm Chinese and I don't even know how they do it.The wait was about an hour, not too bad - but it was pretty bad if our insides were eating us alive because we were THAT hungry. Luckily, our breaded mushrooms appetizer came in a flash. The breaded mushrooms were pretty good. It was lightly breaded and crispy. The mushrooms were fresh. Wow I must admit, I really do love mushrooms!For 3 really hungry girls, we've ordered two 6 inch deep dish pizzas. One is the Malnati's Chicago Classic, a special house sausage, with extra cheese and vine ripen tomato sauce in butter crust. The other deep dish we've gotten was the vegetable pizza because one of the girls is a vegetarian. Okay, so the sausage pizza was just okay. The vegetable pizza was actually pretty good - veggies gave it more texture and crunch, which the pizza itself lacked. The butter crust, well it was buttery, but I wasn't too fond of it. Maybe the New Yorker me is spoiled by pizzas in NYC and found this deep dish pizza overrated? For dessert, we've ordered the Chocolate Chip Pizza, a freshly baked chocolate chip cookie prepped in a deep dish pizza pan, topped with vanilla ice cream and loads of whipped cream. The dessert was pretty good, the warm cookie with the combination of ice cream was super! The vanilla ice cream was not white, but it has a hint of orange coloring.To be really honest, I felt the mushrooms and the dessert were the best highlight of that entire meal. Maybe it is just me, a New Yorker, who loves her thin crust pizza.Disappointing.I'm sorry to say I've had better deep dish pizza in LA and SF. Lou Malnati was recommended to me as "The best Chicago Style pizza in Chicago" but it really fell short.We shared the Classic Lou and the Sausage pizza between four people. The flavor of the cheese and topping were pretty good - ooey gooey cheese, just the way I like it. But the crust!! The crust was so doughy and seemed undercooked. Both the pizzas tasted like this so could this be a fluke? They came at vastly different times so I don't think they were cooked together... Anyways, I literally felt like we were eating a pizza "pie"...with a crumbly pie crust. To be more precise, the crust had the consistency of a scone. Bad.  From reading the reviews on yelp, it seems that the locals love it and the visitors were disappointed. Maybe Lou's pizza is what tastes good to Chicago taste buds? Or maybe there is a secret code where you have to ask them to make it crisp? I don't know...I just know I came expecting a great pizza and got an OK one instead.Best deep dish in Chicago.  Not a huge sausage on my pizza fan, but I make an exception when ordering a Lou's deep dish.  They put on a giant patty, that when combined with their sauce and thick crisp crust, make for an unforgettable meal.  Tried the online delivery, the pizza heats up great in the oven and tastes great given the circumstances.  Living in Florida, ordering online is cheaper than a ticket back to Chicago, and really calms the craving when it rises.When I eat pizza deep dish is never my first choice, but while in Chicago you have no choice but to give it a try.Lou Malnati's does it right!  From the great salads - with romaine lettuce and veggies - to the great pizza with amazing buttery crust and flavorful cheese.The service was awesome, the restaurant was clean, friendly, and crowded, but not cramped. During our visit, we put our name in for two.  Enjoyed a drink at the bar and sampled a little pizza at the hostess stand.  We were seated about after 30 minutes, which was the quoted wait time, and were promptly greeted by our friendly, helpful server Matt.  We enjoyed the family size starter house salad and a deep dish peperoni.  Delicious!  To end the dinner, we had an individual deep dish cookie with vanilla ice cream.  Soooooo great!  Highly recommended!We were told a wait for 2 was going to be around 30 to 45 minutes.  In order to minimize wait, we ordered our 9-inch deep-dish pizza in advance so it can get a head start in the kitchen.  After waiting 45 minutes, we decided to ask to see where we were at in line.  The lady in green responded: "another 5-10 minutes."   Fifteen minutes later.We asked again.  The lady in green tells us, "about another 5-10 minutes."Ten minutes later. Third time we asked: "we're getting your seating ready." 10 minutes later. This time we ask, "Can we just take the pizza we ordered as take out?"   We've reached 80 minutes.  The lady in green finally says, "No, your seats are almost ready.  I promise!"Another 10 minutes until we finally get seated.   I really don't like being jerked around nor lied to -- I prefer a restaurant that is honest to their customers, so that the customer budget their time wisely.  What Lou Malnati's did was kept us on a chain so that they didn't lose our business, which they really didn't need as they were overwhelmed.I've been to Lou's, Giordanos, Uno, Due and Gino's East. Of the above, Giordanos is the best, but Lou's has to be my least favorite (although it was still decent). When I get "deep dish" pizza, I want it to be DEEP, but Lou's is relatively shallow. I liked the sausage base though.Living now in the southwest, one of things our family misses most is Lou's!Down here, you have a great many Chicago style hot dog places -- Luke's of Chicago and Al's Beef to name just two.  But, what we really miss is a good deep dish Chicago style pizza place.  Pizzeria Uno, recently closed it's door in Tempe, so the only way to get that great pie is through ordering it on-line from Taste of Chicago.  I also understand Giordano's is no more.  That's too bad. Lou Malnati's offers a great Chicago deep dish taste and in our opinion has no competitor.  Our complements to Mark Malnati and his family for all the hard work of keeping something very special alive!  Now, are you willing to open a franchise here in the desert?  It's a dry heat!  LOLEnjoy!Undercooked, doughy pizza.  Consistently bad.I used to live near this Lou M's, so I ordered it a few times for takeout.  The first time it came, the pizza was so doughy I wonder if they cooked it half as long as it should have.  I thought it was a fluke, so I ordered it again.  Same thing--the pizza was way way undercooked and doughy.  Plus the delivery driver took well over an hour and a half to get there, and I lived 5 minutes away at most.I don't get it, every time I get their pizza its SERIOUSLY undercooked.  I don't know why people like this so much, there's much better deep dish in Chicago.  This place has some serious quality control problems...Also, for the record, I LOVE Chicago style deep dish and stuffed pizza.  I'm not just writing this bad review because I don't like the "style" ... I just hate Lou M's and can't understand why so many think its the best when to me its not even close but among the worst.People are always recommending Lou M's as a good choice for Chicago deep dish.  This makes me CRINGE...     Might as well send them to Pizza Hut.Update:  I recently went because they offer a crustless pizza made with sausage as the crust.  I figured that the worst part of their pizza is the crust, so take that out and maybe it's not too bad.  The cheese reminded me at times like there was American cheese in it too, like how it was when we were kids and made those silly pizza kits.  It was still pretty good.  But for a large 2 topping it was $26.  So wowsa, not cheap at all. (We went and picked it up.... the place was overran with tourists.  I also thought it funny that they were sitting people outside when it was raining.  When I walked in it was raining but a downpour was on it's way... Groups would walk in, they'd ask "first available" (as in, do you want inside or outside? and of course everyone would say yes... because why not sit in the rain if it means you're eating faster? hmm!Never ate at this location. I used to make a stop here to get a couple of frozen pizzas to take to my girlfriend in Indiana. She loved Lou's pizza. I'd get on her bad side by saying that I just ate there and the pizza was soooooo good. Well she and are are through. I guess she's doing fine and has a man-friend. Damn you Lou Malnati's for making me think about an ex. I take one star away for that.With so many pizzerias in Chi-town, how does one narrow it down within a few days? Impossible unless you're eating stuff crust pizzas for breakfast, lunch, and dinner which would be pretty disturbing.We decided to give Lou's a shot since it had plenty of positive reviews and most importantly, it was in walking distance from our hotel. Giordano's delivered an amazing stuff crust pizza a few days before so now Lou Malnati's had to prove something.When we arrived for dinner, you betcha there was a lovely wait. People were crowded everywhere; from the waiting area inside, to the bar, and even outside on the streets. I don't want to know how everyone huddles together when the whether is extremely cold but I was glad I wasn't there to witness it. We put in our order for our stuff crust pizza which is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED while we waited. Remember, it takes a good half an hour for it to come out so if you order it at the table, you're only wasting valuable time.When we were finally given a table, we were seated outside in their make shift patio if you want to call it that. Good thing the night wasn't too cold, it was a perfect 50 something degrees under clear skies. We were hungry so it really didn't matter where we sat at that point.To start, I ordered the soup of the day which was the corn chowder. They need to put that bad boy permanently on their menu. It was one of the better corn chowders I have tasted. If it's available the day you dine here, give it a try especially if you're a fan of chowder like myself. Another app we ordered was the Malnati salad. Our waitress said that this was a great choice even though in the back of my mind I was questioning: how salads can be possibly that great? Little did I know that the Malnati salad lived up to her words. Whether it was the potent and effective gorgonzola cheese or their classic Lou's dressing, the bowl was spotless after we were done with it. The medium size was more than enough to share between two people.Don't laugh, but that stuff crust pizza I ended ordering was the smallest size they had which was the individual. Although a pretty good pizza, I think I should have at least went with the small size. By comparing my pizza to others around me, I felt like the individual sized pizza lacked something on the grand scale whereas the bigger sizes had that intimidating stuff crust cheese spewing I was hoping to find. Noted for when I return: go with at least a small and bag the rest for to-go if you can't finish it. Still, The "Lou" pizza was still a tasty treat.To top off our dinner, we had the individual serving of the chocolate chip pizza. Think of the pizookie from BJ's. Chocolate chip cookie baked in an iron clad pizza pan topped with a scoop of vanilla bean ice cream and whipped cream. I like how you have the option to order this smaller size and not have to deal with that fattening regular size we're so use to getting. I think I may have liked this more than the pizookie actually. It takes about 10 minutes to come out so you may want to order this slightly beforehand. It was a great closer to our meal at Lou's.With all our own positive feedback from all the items we sampled this night, I will have to say that I am truly going to miss Lou Malnati's. Again, another satisfying pizzeria that is only located two time zones away from me. =( Come on Lou, open a spot in LA and we'll bring you plenty of business.**keep in mind this is from a tourists perspective! ** But, on a recent trip to Chicago we thought we'd try Lou Malnati's and Gino's East and compare. Most people we asked had differing opinions, but Lou Malnati's gets my vote!  At least from a deep dish pizza point-of-view.  I think Gino's had the better atmosphere...LM's was a place people can comfortably bring their kiddos.  Nothing against kiddos...just not my scene!  But the pizza more than made up for it.  And since it's so popular and crowded, they let you place your pizza order while you wait in line!  You still have to wait for it once you get seated but the wait is cut way down!Lou Malnati's pizza is just OK to me....It's definitely not a stuffed deep dish like Giordano's (which is not great), Edwardo's or Bella Bacino's.The crust and sauce were decent.  I wouldn't come here voluntarily, but if someone orders it,  I'll eat it.Then again, there are very few pizzas in this world I would refuse to eat, if any at all:)I just don't see the appeal.My Chicago-based roommate used to always raved about this pizza. He ordered takeout a few times, and when me and my other non-chicago roommate tasted it, we looked at each other with the "WTF is this sh*t" look. I figured it may be better at the restaurant. Well I was dead wrong. The butter crust is meh. The artificial flavor is very distracting. And the texture sucks. The toppings infrequent, sauce boring, cheese lifeless. Trust me, it isn't nearly as good as the pictures make it out to be. The pictures admittedly look glorious. But when you put the cheese covered mouse pad pizza in your mouth, your brain will overheat from the confusion it causes.This was probably my least favorite deep dish pizza experience.This was the first place I got drunk without adults around.  Lisa and I were like 15 i think, 14? wow. Those were the days.Lou's = Chicago Style Pizza.  Period. End of discussion.I had a review for Lou Malnati's a while ago and it got flagged.Not sure why as I gave the damn place 4 stars.calamari is good.  Deep dish is good.  Service can suffer.Our waitress disappeared for long periods of time.I need her there to refill my fucking beer.  So that kind of sucked.Good place but whoever flagged my review can fuck off.I talk with cussing because it's 2012 and this isn't Amish country.A few years ago, I bought Lou Malnati's frozen pizza - delivered in dry ice - all the way to California. It was delightful - for frozen pizza - but I was excited to bear witness to its full potential. Lou's pizza is half the size of other deep dish places. But, this is not to its detriment. The crust is delicious and really makes the pizza. Otherwise, the ingredients, cheese, sauce are solid but not especially notable. Lou's definitely met my expectations, but I wish that it could have exceeded them.This place is in the running for the worst service at a restaurant. We got there and ordered our pizza even before we were seated. Once seated it took them forever to even bring out menus. 30 minutes into the meal we finally got the pitcher of beer we ordered, how long does it take to get beer? 45 minutes into the meal we got the appetizer we ordered. And about an hour and 15 minutes into the meal we finally got our pizza. We boxed it up and left so we wouldn't have to deal with the terrible service anymore.I understand that pizza takes time to cook but they should not have told us it would be ready in 30-35 minutes when it took over an hour. The pizza was pretty good but the whole situation was dampened by our poor service. We were convinced our waiter was on drugs, he was just overall confused about life.I spent a very pleasant three hours here on a Saturday afternoon, introducing Chicago deep-dish to an out of town friend.  Ah, bud, bloody marys, and pizza, seated outdoors on a rare Chicago sunny day....this is the stuff of life.  Only a few complaints that ruined the experience - the sloooow service (I know it's deep dish, but how long does it take to fill a pitcher of bud?), and while the toppings were gooey, it was a bit too greasy for me.  Plus, I like the Gino's East cornmeal crust better.  But I'll definitely go back, if there's ever another sunny Chicago day.Racing down the Blue Line, I had to be efficient to nail Chicago's signature offerings before having to book it back to O'Hare for my flight back.  First up, deep dish pizza at Lou Malnati's!Well aware of the 30-35 minute wait for the pizza, I plunked myself down and soaked in the surroundings while I awaited my 6" Lou's Chicago Classic.  As soon as I took my first bite, I knew right away that this was no Zachary's...it was that much better.  I was never much of a fan of the former's deep dish - excessive amounts of bland tomatoes and just gobs of dough with some cheese.  Here, there was significantly better balance.  The bright flavors of the tomatoes present up front and then step aside to let the gooey cheese and delightfully crunchy crust take center stage.  It's hard to make crust that one actually enjoys and the Buttercrust at Lou Malnati's definitely lives up to its name.And one last note, do NOT order the express lunch pizza if you're here for your first deep dish experience - they're pre-made and apparently barely lukewarm according to the people at the table next to mine.I travel a lot and a eat everywhere I go. I have been to a lot of different amazing spots I've seen on Travel Channel & Food Network and NOTHING has blown my mind the way Lou Malnati's Pizza did. I am a huge pizza lover and this is hands down the greatest pizza known to man! My friends and I were torn between UNO and Lou's. I researched a lot and was leaning toward Lou's then we ran in to some locals and asked their opinion and everyone of them said Lou Malnati. To this day when those of us who were there talk about our trip we still rave about that incredible experience. I had leftovers and STILL bought another pizza to take home with us back to Pennsylvania. I wonder if on my future travels it will ever be topped. Writing this makes me want to jump in my car right now and go to Chicago just to grab a pizza then come home.I think I need to try it again. I was super excited to try this place. Sorry Kali B. - at least after this trip Zachary's is better. So bizotch, take that.We got sausage garlic and onion w/ butter crust. The crust was...just fine. Something made the pizza very soupy, i wonder if it's the tomatoes or the onions or both. Really this was just okay. I like Giordano's better, I like Gino's East better...I like Uno/Due better...at least right now. Could they have been off? Yeah - I mean I trust you guys, most of you anyway. Most of you say it's good...and I usually agree. Yeah it's more than edible and yeah if I hadn't had deep dish before then this is probably near or at the top of my list.I'll try it again...but after the first attempt...next time needs to be impressive.inspired by HollyMichael Jordan VS. the Knicks...Jordan 122, Knicks 5.  I remember walking by Lou Malnati's in Chicago and overhearing a discussion on Kerry Wood, a pitcher of the those lovable losers the Chicago Cubs. Naturally the conversation was spoken with thick Chicago accents from the thick and hearty men of Chicago,and all I could think of was...Ditka, Ditka, Ditka.This pizza is not for the faint of heart, and please take that literally and figuratively. The pie takes a long time to bake but when it comes out your rarin' to eat some good and hearty food.  This ain't no wussy California Pizza Kitchen amalgamation, this is pizza with thick buttery crust and sauce as viscous as car oil.  Don't even try to come up with some BS neo food mutation, this is Deep Dish straight up.come with your appetite at the ready, if you ever head east to the mid-west.I'm definitely a fan of Lou Malnati's pizza. It's not my favorite Chicago style pizza, but it's delicious and this location is close enough for lunch during the week.Let me tell you about their lunch specials. Solid, fast and tasty. The special comes with a personal pizza (or lasagna or pasta, or spinach bread), and salad and huge soda and is under $7.The service was fast and friendly...perfect for a lunch out.So when my son first recommended this place I thought it was called Illuminatis, which I thought was odd for a pizzeria, but hey...just go with it right? After eating there, I think it must be a play on the name because truly this must be a secret society about to take over the world with their deep dish pizza...OMFG.I have eaten deep dish pizza maybe twice in my life before and wasn't crazy about it. I like pizza, but I don't love it.  Despite all that , this was the most amazing deep dish pizza I have ever eaten. Buttery crisp crust that held up to the massive filling of fresh cheese, tomatoes and sausage. The salads ( the Malnati and the Caesar ) were very fresh and tasty, though I wish we hadn't wasted the stomach space so I could have had more pizza, I barely was able to finish one slice. We sat at the bar, and the service was prompt and friendly and my martini was perfectly prepared. It was a madhouse in there on a Saturday night, packed on both floors with a line out the door, but we got there fairly early and ordered ahead of time, even before we were seated and ended up snagging seats at the bar where we stayed. This is a chain so not sure of the other branches, but this one had it down for service and food. If you want that classic Chicago deep dish experience, come and get it here.We were anxious to try Malnati's as a part of our own personal deep dish food war between them, Giordano's, Gino's East and Uno.  The nice server suggested the buttercrust since it's what they're known for.  I forgot to call ahead so we wouldn't have to listen to the table of female ignoramuses behind us claiming to be "wasted" after they could barely split a beer between them.  Oooh, get drunk at a family restaurant in a city full of bars, you're so cool Brewster!Anyhoo...we were both surprised how non deep dish this looked when it arrived.  There was no massive wall o' crust just kind of a handtossed looking pizza that I could get anywhere really.  So we both took a bite and shrugged our shoulders and said at the same time "it's okay."  I don't know what the buttercrust was supposed to bring to the party but it tasted like crust.  It was the only crust I could actually eat though since it wasn't an entity in itself but I have to say it also left me still a little hungry when we left.  Thank God we'd stopped at a cupcake store beforehand so we could have cupcakes when we got back to the hotel!   If you're going to be getting a medium or larger, sign up for Malnati Mail a few days before you go so you can get a discount email.Their pizza is ok @ best...not touching Giordanosthe bathroom is tiny as hellhostess seemed very impatient with our groupWhy do I ever go anywhere else for deep dish? Oh, yeah, because sometimes I want to eat deep dish at a regular meal time, and then I end up being told that I'll have to wait an hour for a TABLE at Lou Malnati's, then wait for the pizza itself. Errr . . . But that's just because Lou's pizza is so popular. And why? Because IT'S THE BEST. The crust is buttery and delicious in every way, the cheese is melted to the perfect level of stringiness, there's just enough of that undeniably savory tomato sauce -- and the sausage is just indescribable. Only Lou does this just right.So get used to it: You have to plan your trip to Lou Malnati's. Eat breakfast and be prepared to wait until 2:00 for lunch. The smallest size they have is just enough for two people, no matter what it says on the menu about it being suitable for one (unless you're a bear). This plan really works.But if you insist on going at meal time, rest assured that your wait time is worth it. Go around the corner to Starbucks and satiate your wait hunger with some plain coffee or iced tea, then suck it up and wait for Lou's. This is a better use of your time and resources than going down the street to Gino's East (because believe me, we've tried that) or, worse yet, finding a Giordano's. Lou Malnati's is the only way to go!I figured I would give Lou Malnati's a second try. I was tried of sandwiches for lunch and needed something else. Today I stopped in and picked up a personal cheese pizza togo. I felt like I was eating wet dough with sauce on top. You can go wrong with Lou Malnati's and I have been disappointed by them twice.Only plus is that they have the personal pizzas ready so you can be back at the office in no time.I guess it is true when people say, " It is all about the deep dish in Chicago". The deep dish pizza was one of many reasons why we decided to visit the Windy City. Once again, because of Yelp and the Food Network; hubby did some research and decided Lou Malnati's is the place to go for deep dish. He compared several main ones around the Chicago area and decided Lou Malnati's was the one we needed to eat at.On Thursday night, we arrived at Lou Malnati's around 6 PM with many available seating opened and were seated right away. We glanced through the menu for a bit and decided to start with their Spinach stuffed bread. It sounded good and something  I had not had before. For our entree, we decided on a small peperoni and mushroom deep dish. Yes, even though we are big eaters and love food, a small deep dish was all we needed.When the spinach stuffed bread arrived, it just looked like a mini loaf  of bread but once we sliced it as we do with bread, it was filled with gooey cheese and spinach. It was so delicious and comforting that it was gone within two minutes.I suggest ordering an appetizer while waiting for your deep dish because it takes about 30-40 mins until the pizza is ready. It was fine with us since we had time to digest the stuffed bread. The pizza was cheesy, and filled with fresh ingredients you can taste. It was the most wonderful deep dish I had. If I remember correctly, the small came with six slices, I had two and I was stuffed. I made hubby ate the rest. We couldn't even fit dessert. If you know us, you know we always have room for dessert but not after the great tasting pizza.The service was excellent.Came here from a recommendation from a person I asked on the street because I was in search for some authentic Chicago deep dish pizza. I wanted to see what was so great about this pizza! The place was pretty packed for a Tuesday night. We had to wait about 35 mins for our table. We finally got seated and ordered our food. We ordered the large deep dish deluxe pizza for the 5 of us, and another coworker ordered a sandwich with fries. We also ordered a salad which came pretty quickly. However the pizza and the sandwich took over and hour and 15 mins to come. I know that usually the pizza takes about 30 mins to cook - but over an hour was ridiculous! I was trying to find our waitress to ask about our food, but she was no where to be found. I finally asked another waitress about our food, and about 10 mins later our food finally came. The pizza was unimpressive. It tasted a little undercooked, and it was just basically a big slab of dough, piled with lots of toppings. On top of that - my coworkers fries came out cold. I had to ask another waitress to get hot fries - which the manager actually brought us a new basket of hot fries. After we finished eating we waited around 30 mins- we just wanted to pay the bill but no one was around to help. I literally walked around the restaurant hoping to get anyone's attention. Finally we got our bill - with gratuity tacked on the bill. I doubled checked the menu and gratuity is only automatically added on for parties 8 or more - there was only 6 of us. Now after all this, I was pretty upset - never had I had this poor service before and now they messed up on our bill? I asked to speak to a manager. The manager was extremely apologetic after I told him everything that had happened - and he offered to comp our bill. I would only give the food 1 star - because it just was not very good pizza - perhaps we ordered the wrong thing? Maybe there was something that tasted better. I don't think I would want to try "deep dish" pizza again though. But I gave this place an extra star because the manager's service - he acknowledged the poor service from our waitress, apologized, and took care of our bill. Overall, my experience was less than perfect, but at least it had a good ending.One of my two favorite pizzeria in IL! (I love all Lou Malnati's, not just this particular location)Love  Lou Malnati's 'The Lou' deep dish pizza.Got leftovers? Put them in an oven and they taste just as good.I can always eat  Lou Malnati's and will never get sick of it :PThis was my first taste of original deep dish pizza in Chicago.  We were walking around one afternoon shopping and checking out the scene near our hotel.  And BAM! there it was Lou M's...  We sat down and ordered from their lunch menu which was a great deal.  We were seated right away and the waitress took our order.  We got drinks right away, but  they sent out a complimentary appetizer to ease our hunger since our pizzas were taking awhile in the kitchen (still not sure what the hold up was).  Even though service was slow, the pizza was amazing!!!The combination of the cheese, sauce, the sausage & mushroom tucked between and the flakey crust all around was perfect.  I was sad that I only ordered an individual sized pizza, but I thoroughly enjoyed every bite.  Months later my gf ordered pizzas online and it was not as good as being in Chicago but brought back many memories!!!You can't come to Chicago without having the Chicago-style deep dish pizza. My boyfriend and I managed to fit a deep dish pizza as a snack during the day. Again, I suspect that all the good places in Chicago has a wait. There was a 30-45 minute wait for a table for 2. We opted to wait for seats at the bar which we successfully got. We ordered the "Malnati's Chicago Classic"- Individual size deep dish buttercrust pizza topped with their own blend of sausage. It took 30 minutes made-to-order but it was worth it. We ordered the individual size $7 to share to get a taste but I am sure if we came for a full meal we would have ordered something bigger. But even for the small size, they still manage to pack a great deal of flavor in the dough, sauce, and definitely the winner on the pizza = the sausage. It was a great deal because the sausage covered the top of the pizza. The bartender was nice as well and gave me a free diet coke for the wait. Nice.After living here for a few years, and having the opportunity to try a lot of the different deep dish places in the city, I now crave Lou's for my deep dish pizza.  I really love that thick layer of cheese, and whole tomatoes on top.  However, the reason for the missing fifth star, all of their appetizers are bad.  The wings, salads, etc. all feign in comparison to the pizza.  So just get a bigger pizza and skip apps, trust me.  Regarding this location, I usually call in my order and walk by to pick it up, because on any given day it can be packed out of nowhere.  Like sitting on the side walk out front on a Tuesday at 4pm packed. Just a little heads up."Woman! Get me deep dish pizza!"I scouted a few places for deep dish pizza before deciding on Lou Malnati's to feed hubby's hungry tummy. x Gino's? Not highly rated... too touristy, long linesx Giordano's? Kinda the same, but at least better reviewsx Lou??  ... something about crispy and non soggy crust got me. We put ourselves in line around 9:30PM .. wait was 45 minutes for 2 people.They took our deep dish pizza order before so we wouldn't have to wait a long time for food. x Personal sized deep dish pizza -- the CLASSIC. om nom indeed! It is deep and the crust is crispy outside and slightly chewy inside. Chesse was not overwhelming!!x Thin crust pizza -- Why did I order this??? Obviously, I thought I was going to eat less but I ended up eating more of the CLASSIC DEEP DISH. order fail -____-It was good, though.. but really - order the deep dish. x House salad -- they were going to split it for us but ended up giving us a free one. :) yay!Overall, great place with a laid back ambiance!! =) I dig.Salad was good, but a bit too sweet for me, and kept wondering what the crouton like bacon things were.Had the sausage deep dish, it was very good, liked the thickish cornmeal crust, tasty tomato sauce, sausage, and quality cheese.We were seated immediately, pizza took 30-40min.Very well priced.For comparison, the only other deep dish pizza I've tried before Lou Malnati's was Zachary's in Berkeley.  Zachary's is worth the trip across the bridge from SF, so I imagined Lou Malnati's would be just as worthy. My buddy in Chicago mentioned this place is good so what better place to eat deep dish pizza than at the Windy City itself?Alright it's Sat night and the place is packed (~75ppl w/20 waiting?)... we put our names down and the maitre'd tells us it's about an hour wait so come back in 45 mins. Ok no problem, we had found a Bentley to drool over anyways while walking around the neighborhood & killing time.  Came back around 40 mins later and our name isn't on the list... THAT WAS DISAPPOINTING... The same girl said we'll get the next table, but it took another 30 mins or so before we sat down.  By that time the three of us were so hungry, we could've eaten off the table next to us.For being so hungry, the pizza didn't really taste all that great as I would've imagined.  Tons of cheese, but that blanketed the rest of the ingredients a bit.  For the wait to sit down plus the wait for the pizza, it didn't seem worth all that time.I guess I had higher expectations for Chicago-style pizza IN Chicago. *shrug*Food: 3/5Decor: 3/5Service: 2/5Value: 3/5How can one possibly enhance an already established 455 reviews about one of the most notorious pizza joints? I think I'm just too passionate about the exquisitely indulgent meal I just had that I need to try my best to convey my foodie feelings. Here's a love letter to my first deep dish pizza:No others will ever compare to you. I thought I knew what "Chicago style deep dish" was. I thought BJ's Brewery served me the real thing. I thought all you needed was a deep pie dish, dough and voila, you've got your Chi town pizza. Oh, but others have lied. They're impostors. And you, Lou, have managed to turn a depressing Domino's disgrace into a gourmet masterpiece of cheese, dough, sausage, dough, real tomatoes and some more cheesy dough. You could strip each layer of the pizza and you'd unveil the craftsmanship behind the pie. The cheese is in-between the bottom layers of dough, the sausage seems to be one huge slice instead of those balls of "sausage" that's usually sprinkled on top and the sauce--non-existent. Instead you get real pieces of stewed tomatoes. Oh yes, it's heavenly. That crust is proof that butter works wonders. I couldn't get enough of the crispy, flakey buttery crust that seriously could been the entire pizza and I would have been happy. I almost forgot--the service/experience of actually WAITING to dine here. The wait was about an hour, however their system is genius. They take your order after you put your name on the wait list so that once you're seated, the pizza only takes about 15-20 minutes to come out. A flawless plan. What an experience. And what delicious carbs.I ADORE deep dish pizza, but my one and only meal here has given me some doubt that all Chicago places can make it well.He figured it out when I could not place my finger on it.  The crust was not fully cooked.  It was actually more yellow than a toasty brown.  It was Lou's special, and I regret not ordering plain pepperoni.  I will say that I could certainly taste the fresh mozzarella.  It's just that I also tasted a lot of "yeasty/doughy" which wasn't appealing.With a half dozen parties ahead of us, and a quote of 35 minutes, you can imagine our shock when we were seated less than ten minutes later.  I'm glad we got to pre-order of pizza at least.  Rylan made a wonderful server.  While we were waiting, J ordered a bowl of minestrone that was only lukewarm.  Rylan was able to get it heated efficiently (we told him microwave was fine) and with no worries.Best part of the meal?  The deep fried zucchini.  I really hope it was just a fluke, because I'm headed to Due to make sure I'm not crazy.Firstly, lets clarify that there are TWO types of deep dish pizza in Chicago. One is a thinner butter crust (Giordanos, Gino's East, Lou Malnati's) and the other type is a thicker more-doughy pie-crusty (Uno, Due, and I think Pequod's though I haven't been here yet). Obviously, everyone has a preference to which type of deep dish they prefer, but I feel people who say Lou Malnati's is so much better than Uno or visa versa are comparing apples and oranges.As far as apples vs apples or oranges vs oranges go, LM serves one freakishly good pizza. The buttery crust which put this place on the map is legit! You eat it knowing it is infused with butter and will shorten your lifespan but it's so good you don't even care! Crunchy, crispy, buttery, goodnessery, deliciousnessery!! Pee-in-your-pants-and-just-continue-eating good! Just writing this review makes me want to go back. I find that after eating out a lot, I consider very few things to live up to the "hype" I find advertised on TV or magazine or even on Yelp, but I really think LM lives up to all the positive reviews. Definitely a place I take all visiters. Also, you can order and they'll make the pizza while you wait. Pretty sweet deal if you ask me! If you prefer the thicker more-doughy crust, go to Uno's. It's also freaking delicious. A true foodie respects all food worthy of respect, and I think both establishments are great.Here's the deal.  Whatever this is, is good.  However it's not pizza.  That's my opinion.  It really is more like a pie.  When you think of pizza you think dough, sauce, cheese.  Varying thickness of crust etc. That's how it is around the country.  What they are doing in Chicago is more like the dean martin song.  It's pizza pie.  Buttery, almost flaky crust baked in a pan much like a pie.  Cheese and meats on the bottom and sauce on the top.  If you look at this and not know what it is you might think it was a cherry pie etc.  It was good.  However, to me, it wasn't pizza.  I give it 4 stars because when I look at it, eat it, it was good.  If I compare this to pizza I would rate it lower.  So I won't and just take it for what it was in front of me.Service here was good and friendly.Yummyyyyyyy my favorite deep dish in Chicago! I always bring out-of-town guests who want to try Chicago-style pizza to Lou's.  I'm not a fan of Giordanos which I find to be way too heavy.  I've had several variations, but my favorite combo is sausage, mushroom, onions and roma tomatoes.  Start off with a Malnati's salad and you're good to go! P.S. I like the ambiance of this location more than the Lincoln Park restaurant.I have had it again a few times, and today tried the deep dish. all the times have been delivery to work, and never been my choice, nor will it ever be.feh.Dear Chicagoans-Huh??What's with the hype? This place barely gets 3 stars from me. (2.75 rounds to 3, I can do math) I was ridiculously excited to go to Chicago to consume some REAL deep dish pizza. I've only ever had Chicago "style" pizza in NY. I heard that the locals' go to Lou's for their fix. What I didn't expect was A) It's clearly a chain and has the kitschy olive garden/applebees feel to it and B) Cheese fail. Generally, to gauge restaurants, I order a basic staple and something a little more complex to contrast it. I like having both ends of the food spectrum. So, you can guess that I ordered a plain 6in cheese and the "Lou" pizza. Plain Cheese Pizza- Wtf? I thought I was eating reheated mozzarella sticks on top of dough. This is the cheesefail part. I was concerned that I was eating pizza hut ( I've had it once in my life! ) in another dimension in Chicago. The crust was crunchy, doughy and carbalicious, but the cheese was terrible. It came off in giant clumps and if you pulled them they would stretch --but not break, like mozzarella sticks. If this pizza were a 11th grade student taking the NYS english regents, it would fail by 5 points. The Lou - Ah, now this dish had some cajones! Spinach, mushrooms, sliced tomatoes, mozzarella, romano and cheddar cheese and some spices all played nicely together. The toppings didn't clump off and it certifiably had some zest to it.  86/100 Lou! Sorry Chicagoans but I'm just not convinced. Chicago deep dish pizza still can't hold up to things we do better here in NYC... i.e. Pizza, bagels, baseball and electing horny politicians. I'm willing to give your pizza another shot next time I'm over there, especially because of my fondness for your crust, but for now, NYC it is.There is NO other. None. Don't even try!I was instantly hooked during a trip last fall. Notthing else compares. I hate when things are hyped up because it's usually a let down. Not this time. I always thought deep dish would be thick dough. I have had Chicago pizza before at Giordanos and was not impressed. Malnati's pizza is layer after layer of cheese, tomato sauce, pepperoni (or sausage) then cheese again and so on. Never ending. When you bite into it, the cheese oozes along with the sauce perfectly. And the smell? heaven!I thought I would be able to eat 3 slices easily. Not a chance. Ate 2 and that was pushing it. We also had a free appetizer coupon from our hotel so maybe that had something to do with it? I got too full? We had the sausage original which was insane. Since returning from the trip we have ordered their pizzas online. Did you know you could do that? Straight to Ft. Lauderdale frozen! yup! just pop it in the oven and let the taste buds indulge!Oh sweet butter crust pie, spirit of Chi-town, sauce which would make an Italian grandmother swell with pride, why can I not have thee in my town? Actually I discovered that LM ships their storied crust anywhere in the world. I plan to take advantage of this fair arrangement. No other pie comes close.This is my go-to Chicago deep dish place when I have visitors.  After assuring my guests that everything will be phenomenal, I order the same thing every time: the Malanti Salad and the Lou.  The salad is one of the hidden gems on the menu, chock full of blue cheese, bacon, tomatoes, olives, pepperoncinis, etc all tossed in a flavorful vinaigrette.  While the vinaigrette may be a tad on the oily side, chomping down on some greens always makes me feel better about my incoming pizza.The Lou is a vegetarian pizza with spinach, tomatoes and cheese topped with a robust tomato sauce.  I am a true sausage lover, but the strong garlic flavor of the sauce and the smooth composition of spinach and cheese makes me forget meat altogether.This location is far enough from the Mag Mile and the Loop to not be as busy as many other deep dish locations.  They have a few local Goose Island brews on tap to round out the Chicago experience.  On St. Patrick's day they even dyed our pitcher green!Overall, a solid entry into the Chicago deep-dish discussion.  Count me a big fan.While visiting Chicago at the beginning of July with my mom, I knew I couldn't avoid trying Chicago style deep dish pizza. Usually I don't really care where I am having pizza as long as it is good, but in this case I figured I better try one of the two establishments which are practically legends when it comes to this type of pizza.It didn't take me long to figure out what I wanted to order since I usually order a plain slice with tomatoes as a topping. In this case I got the same just Chicago style while my mother ordered the "Lou".What we did not realize is that it takes 30 minutes to prepare the deep dish pizza and since we were on a somewhat tight schedule we decided to order it, go run some errands and come back. We were back about 40 minutes later and we got our food right away.we both had individual sized pies, they were both good but neither was exceptional. I did have a hard time figuring out how the hell was I going to take a bite into that pizza since it is so thick, but I figured it out eventually.This is definitely a must try place if you are visiting Chicago, but I definitely did not feel like this was a culinary masterpiece. But maybe it is because I do not love pizza as much as the other person.I found this place on yelp as my family was getting ready to drive over to O'Hare to fly back to California. I  have flown all the way from Orange County, CA to Chicago and I was going to have a deep dish pizza damnit.It was intense. I had never eaten anything close to a deep dish before and I would say one slice could be considered an entire meal. It was bananas. Incredibly filling.I liked the decor of the inside. It was a traditional/commercial feel and by scoping out the people noshing away, I could tell they were regulars and native Chicagoans. Service was a bit crappy. We pre-ordered about 40 min before we got there because we knew we had to make our flight, and once we got there, they still made us wait for 15 minutes or so before even seating us. Then we had to wait for our server. Then we had to wait longer for our food. It was probably not the best time to go here, when we were worrying about our impending flight. Even if you plan ahead and call in, don't expect them to follow your schedule.Otherwise, it was good. It wasn't holy sh*t I need to live in Chicago and get stretchmarks from eating this everyday. It was good. But that's all.Lou Malnati'sSo I hear LA pizza is crap. NY and Chicago are the places to go. I would concur with NY, now it was time to see about Chicago. I looked at a few places for my trip and settled on Lou Malnati's based on several reviews and ratings. They have several locations and I'm sure the quality and experience can vary, my choice was on Wells. I got a starter and a pizza.Spinach BreadI liked this dish for the contract in texture of the cornmeal crust and the spinach, cheese filling. It also came with a marinara sauce that's quality was so-so.Small pepperoni, sausage deep dish pizza with butter crustWhere do I start with this one as there are several components to a pizza? I'll go outside to inside:The famous butter crust --- I was imaging something buttery as in light and airy and greasy. This was butter as in a dessert tart and hard. I was not a fan.The tomato sauce --- The use real tomatoes in the sauce and I liked that, but tomatoes have a high water content that ran into the pizza. Again, was not a fan of. Overall, I liked the quality of this component.The cheese --- A lot of it, but no different than any other pizza cheese. They just put a little more on it.The pepperoni --- I thought the quality was better than most pizzas, a little thicker.The sausage --- The second most disappointing part of the pizza next to the crust. Large chucks, but very bland. It needed fennel. Overall, I think it's better than LA pizza, but not NY. NY pizza has a smoky flavor that develops in the cooking process that I dig. I wouldn't go to Chicago just for the pizza and it shouldn't be their claim to fame. I'll try a different spot next time I'm in town to make a better assessment of the city. I would still recommend this place for visitors.I consider their butter crust deep dish to be the best pizza in the world.Need I say more?Lou's wins my customer service award.  This place was crazy the night they lit the Mag Mile lights and I had a major miscommunication with the hostess.  Long story short, I thought that putting my name in but foregoing the immediately available table to allow the rest of my party to arrive would put me at the head of the line when my party was complete.  When the hostess put me at the end of the line (i.e. 60-90 minute wait) when they did arrive, the manager stepped in and gave us the next table.  I was probably in the wrong, but I was so impressed with the service that I vowed to give them a great Yelp review.As for the rest of the restaurant, it's a much better alternative to Uno and Due.  I wouldn't go to Giordano's even if there was no line (and they paid me to eat it).  Lou's is much better pizza.  Be sure to order your pie while you wait for a more efficient and satisfying experience.  I have also discovered that you can order your pie well-done, which takes care of the sogginess that can occur in larger pies (historically I've just kept to mediums).I highly recommend the pizza and the service was exceptional.This statement is just for those who haven't been to a Chicago Deep Dish restaurant before:Each Chicago Deep Dish Pizza restaurants have their own small differences when it comes to their deep dish pizzas.  Whether it's the thickness of the sauce, flavor of the sauce, the amount of cheese, or type of crust they have... these differences will make you like one more over than the others.Of all the deep dish pizzas I have had in Chicago, this place is tops for me.  I am a person that's not big on having too much sauce on my pizza and usually like my sauce thick.  Lou Malnati's: check!  You will feel as if you get more cheese here on your pizza than sauce which is perfect for me.  Also the crust is not cornmeal and buttered well so you get a nice crunchy crust.  I would also recommend starting the meal off with the Malnati Salad as well.  Really good flavorful dressing on that.  Another note: don't ask for too many vegetables on your deep dish pizza because it will make the pizza a little runny due to the water that cooks off the vegetables... You can never go wrong with plain sausage in my opinion.So in conclusion... if you like thick tomato sauce, more cheese than sauce, and a crunchy bread crust... Lou Malnati's is your style of deep dish pizza.Deep dish pizza was high up on my MUST EAT list during my recent trip to Chicago. I decided to go with Lou Malnati's over Giordano's because they have a smaller "personal size" pizza. Yelpers and friends reported that Giodano's smallest size could feed 3-4 people and then some....As my boyfriend and I walked in, we weren't too impressed by the ambiance so we decided to get a personal sized "Lou" to go. We took our pizza back to our hotel, a 5 minute walk away. Super excited, I tore apart the box and I stared in disbelief at the sad looking pizza in front of me.The Lou contains "fresh spinach, mushrooms and sliced tomatoes covered with a blend of mozzarella, romano and cheddar cheese." For one, the tomatoes were sad and limp and lacked the beautiful hue of fresh, ripe tomatoes. The mushrooms were both few in number and undercooked. I wouldn't have even known that the pie was supposed to contain spinach if I didn't double check the menu. The buttermilk crust tasted like stale bread. With just one bite, all the cheese would fall off the slice.A huge disappointment....Visiting from Boston, and this place was recommended as it is also close to the hotel. A bunch of us guys went and had a fabulous meal. Very good pepperoni and spinach deep dish. Very FILLING! One extra point for having Sam Adams on tap!What's with all the sports stuff on the walls?Disappointing. My first taste of Chicago pizza, and I wished I was back home eating Little Star Pizza. I shared a small Lou's pizza ($12.45) and a small spinach salad ($6.50). Though we ordered the butter crust as many reviewed on, I don't think they actually made it with it since we were not charged for it. This pizza was not topped with crushed tomatoes like many of the other pizzas, but was topped with sliced tomatoes and cheddar. The pizza did not impress me at all, and left me wishing we had tried somewhere else like Uno's. The spinach salad was the highlight with crumbled bits of fried salami on top. I must say though, it did get crowded, so I must have ordered something wrong.I really like Lou's pizza. It is not my most favorite by far but i really enjoy the butter crust, because crust is important to me. The pizza here is just as good as any other Lou's in the city. We also started off with some stuffed spinach bread which was also very good. The service was fine. The place was packed and our server did a decent job of taking care of us. She was friendly and did an adequate job. I am giving this place three stars. If I crave Lou's again, I will most likely not go back to this location. The seating is just too cramped for my liking. I mean just look at the address of this place. You know it is going to be packed almost any night of the week. i would rather pick another location and enjoy my pizza in a more relaxed atmosphere.Whenever the words, "Holy crap, I hope you give them a good review!" comes out of my non-Yelping boyfriend's mouth, you know it's good.Me and a bunch of friends were in town for the Cards/Cubs games last weekend (shut up, I don't want to hear it...) and stopped by here Friday for dinner.I was very pleasantly surprised. Intimidated by the large city and the popularity of deep dish pizza joints, I was expecting "We're-so-awesome-we-don't-have-to-try" service. Not so.We were seated promptly, and then helped by three different people. It was kind of amusing. One of the servers explained it was because they were in the middle of shift change, so he wanted to make sure we weren't missed. We appreciated this - instead of standing back and waiting until tables were assigned and turned over, several servers saw our table with no food or drinks in front of us and went out of their way to make sure we were taken care of, even though it wasn't necessarily their table. We noticed, and we appreciated it.Our friendly evening shift server then moved our group to a roomy booth across the room after one opened up shortly after we were seated so we could be more comfortable and have a better view of the game (shut UP, I don't want to hear it!). Another thoughtful gesture that wasn't necessary, but appreciated.When our beer order got mixed up in the fluster of shift change and he brought us an extra beer, he let us keep it free of charge.He was outgoing, friendly, and attentive for our whole meal. He really made us feel welcome and that our patronage was valuable.The food, all around, was excellent. The deep dish pizza was just as amazing as I hoped it would be.We left full and happy, despite the disheartening loss in the 10th inning of our home team. Thanks, Lou Malnati's, for making the sting a little more bearable.If/when I'm back in Chicago, I would definitely come back.Chicago pizza is a must have when you come to Chicago.  When you ask about the pizza pies here, the first place you'll hear about is Gino's East.  Then you'll hear about the buttercrusts of Lou Malnati's Pizzeria.  Lou Malnati's has a few locations spread across Chicago and its suburbs.  We chose this location because of its proximity to the Mag Mile and the river.  We visited here after watching the Chicago River turn green for St. Patrick's day (you could see that here: youtube.com/watch?v=ONXM…)There was an hour wait for lunch and, unlike Gino's east, they allowed us to place our order as we requested for our table.  Because pizzas take 45 minutes to make, this saved us a huge amount of time.  What makes Lou Malnati's Pizza Pies different than the rest is their trademark "buttercrust".  It has a nice flakiness and crisp.  Compared to Gino's East, we felt that the crust tasted better.  But we preferred the quality of the toppings of Gino's East to the sausage and sauce here.  The sauce wasn't as flavorful and robust as the sauce we had at Gino's East.But what was a surprise was that I found their house "Malnati salad" to be refreshing and delicious.  They used a perfectly sweet vinaigrette to pair with their fresh salad, which included Romaine lettuce, olives, Gorgonzola, salami, fresh tomatoes, and romano cheese.  It was a great way to start out the meal and I'd recommend it to you as a great thing to pair with the heavy deep dish pizzas.Surprisingly enough, my favorite pizza didn't come from either Gino's East or Lou Malnati's.  This distinction was saved for Pequod's Pizzeria, which was not on my radar at all until I talked to some local foodies.  Check out my review on that if you're curious about what I perceived to be the best pizza I had the pleasure of trying in Chicago.This place was really good. I'm basing my review only on the pizza, not the lame salad I had beforehand. What was I thinking consuming ANY calories prior to Chicago style pizza? I should have saved as much room as possible...I ordered the classic chicago with their signature sausage, tomato and added mushrooms. You will need the extra side of sauce - I did. Once I added my extra sauce and fresh onions on top it was really good. I don't know that I am the biggest fan of the buttercrust as it seemed to make the pizza almost a bit soggy like. Even still - it was SO GOOD.Next time, I'm going to get the Lou and add hot giardinara which I didn't add this time because I didn't want to mask the taste of the sauce. And, I will ask them to cook it well done. One notable thing that I really like about this place is that they are very open to you customizing the pizza the way you like it and that makes me happy. I like additions and things. Would definitely go back, in fact, when I bring my husband to Chicago for a getaway weekend, this will be one of our stops when tearing up downtown :)Visited this establishment on Saturday for lunch while in Chicago.  Excellent service and food.  We ordered the salad, cheddar cubes and classic pizza.  Loved it! The restaurant seemed kind of small but it was kind of cozy.  The wait was kind of long, but it really didn't bother me too much. Free Wi-fi so I could check in.  Will definately be trying this again.I'm not one to give out 5-star ratings easily, but Lou Malnati's is definitely deserving.  Planning a trip to Chicago, I've realized that there is not one definitive "Chicago deep dish" pizza place.  Everyone you talk to has a different opinion, and every place has tons of reviews that say "this place is good, but it's nothing compared to so-and-so".  Ultimately, I figure you just have to keep coming back to Chicago and trying new places until you find the one for you.The atmosphere here is great.  It doesn't feel like some kind of patronizing, touristy, "oh look how big our pizzas are!" pizza place.  It is very down to earth, with a bustle of people eating delicious food.  The draught beer selection is pretty good too, and even appetizers are good!  The calamari was average, but the bruschetta was actually really good.As for the pizza, obviously you gotta go for the butter crust upgrade.  We ordered a large plain cheese, and a large deluxe (I think that's what it was called).  Normally, plain cheese pizzas bore me, but not this one.  Fantastic sauce and really good cheese.  I'm not sure if they use a blend of cheeses here or what, but it was outstanding, and was surprisingly not heavy or oily.  Despite being a butter crust, deep dish pie, this was one of the lighter tasting pizzas I've ever eaten.  The deluxe was excellent, though with so many vegetable toppings I couldn't taste the sauce or cheese as much.  Still, the vegetables tasted fresh and crisp, and the sausage had excellent bite to it.  Once again, despite being loaded with toppings, this pie was very light tasting and I swear to you there was not a speck of floating oil in sight and the crust didn't leave your hands covered in grease.  Amazing!Sadly, I do not live in Chicago so I may never return here again.  I must continue my deep dish tour and check out another place the next time I'm in town.  I will say though, that compared to Gino's, Lou Malnati's is far superior.  Gino's has a great feel to it, but the food just doesn't compare.  For those that are able to get to Lou Malnati's whenever they want, I can't stress enough how great it is.A side note: we were way too stuffed for dessert, but the deep dish chocolate chip cookie, and the deep dish peach cobbler both looked amazing.I'm a pizza lover - essentially live on it - and I love Lou Mal's deep dish cheese pizza, butter crust, uncut, well done.  Ask for the spices on the side too (parmesan, red pepper and oregano) to spice it up a bit.  Know it can be filling, but they have an individual size (perfect for me) for those who can't stomach it.If you want to get some greens in your diet, I also like their house salad with the creamy garlic dressing.  Quite tasty.When it comes to Chicago pizza, the best stuff isn't found at Malnati's or Giodano's, and certainly not Uno's. It's found in the dozens of pizza places around the city that don't have franchises or name recognitions.I found Malnati's to be decent, but not deserving of their reputation. The crust was soggy, and the cheese not nearly melty enough. The service was okay, but not great.Honestly, there's better pizza out there.Being an East Coast guy I was curious to try the authentic deep dish of Chicago.  Everyone pointed out that Lou Malnatti's was the best.  The hearty chunky sauce was really good, better than Bertucci's (only way to compare on the east coast) and the cheese was heavy.  I have a huge appetite and could only finish 2 slices.  Don't order a pizza with the spicy peppers.  Its ingrained in the sauce and was way too hot.  Good pizza is you want a real full meal but no need to order a lot.Love the old sports photos and memorablia on the walls.  The signed Larry Bird jersey was sweet.The best pizza that Chicago has to offer. I would claim that it is America's finest, but I haven't been to New York City yet! Pizzeria Uno and Pizzeria Due are both close contenders of Lou Malnati's, but the light authenticity of this pizza extends Italian cuisine a little farther than all the other parlors in Chicago. Lou's crust can challenge Italy's creme de la creme any day. However, the appetizers, including the garlic bread, are just satisfactory, and the desserts could just be removed from the menu. One can imagine my disappointment upon moving to San Francisco, leaving behind real pizzerias like this one.I had read the reviews and had the Lou Malnati's at their Lincoln Park location and thought I would give this one a try. After tonight though I'll have to say it's definitely not the best deep dish in the city.Although tasty, it wasn't mind blowing which I always expect when going for a proper deep dish. The service was really good and attentive which was nice, no problems splitting a check.The bathrooms were pretty run down which grossed me out a bit, considering the dining areas were clean and modern(ish).I haven't eaten at Lou Malnati's in over fifteen years but this pizza haunts my memory as the best pizza hands down I have ever had in my entire life.  Nothing on the West Coast has been able to topple this heavenly crafted pizza pie. Not only does the food shine brilliantly in my memory, i think of Lou Malnati's as one of my longest lasting memories of Chicago before I moved permanently to California.Pizza lovers around the USA: You can't really call yourself a Chicago pizza lover without having tried this! It will change your life!Visited: Monday, November, 8, 2010 ~ 6pmWas taken out by my manager to welcome a new employee to our small department. I enjoyed the decor and the service was friendly and fast. The wayfarers didn't forget about us, and even gave us a pitcher of beer 50% off because they ran out of what we were drinking. Food was decent, thought the family salad  dish would have been larger for the amount spent; pizza was deepdish, a little watery, but I'm biased, I still live Girodanos.As a tourist in Chicago we hit up Yelp to try and find great deep dish pizza.  This was a top rating, so we stopped here.  Next time, I'll try someplace different.First, out plates and forks weren't completely clean.  The waiter noticed right away and took them off our table, but didn't seem overly surprised or apologetic about it.  I find that concerning.I wasn't a fan of the pizza either.  The crust was not good at all.  It was very bland, and lacking in flavor.  It was also extremely hard, and seemed to be sopping in butter.  The waiter told me he accidentally gave me a butter crust even though I didn't order that, but either way it would not have been good.The sauce was pretty bland as well.  There was nothing special about this sauce and tasted as though it may have come out of a can.  I'm sure it didn't, but I expect more from such a famous establishment.As a whole, the pizza was incredibly salty. Between the filling and the crust, it tasted like I was eating a bar of buttered salt.Visiting from Los Angeles, I was really looking forward to a "Chicago Style" deep dish pizza. This was our first time to Chicago and we found this place by searching online and reading reviews here on Yelp. Wow, is about the only adjective I can use to describe the deep dish deliciousness that we received here. We sat at the bar area and chatted it up with the bartenders and tried to absorb the whole Chicago pizza experience. One thing you need to know, it takes 35-40 minutes to cook your pizza, so if you are impatient or in a rush, this place isn't going to work for you. After indulging in our deep dish pizza, we understood why it takes so long to prepare. It surely worth the wait! By far, its the best pizza I've ever tried. I would fly to Chicago just to eat here again.This is our first experience for Chicago's deep dish pizza. We ordered the classic Chicago pizza, the crust is great but there's a lot of sauce and it's a bit watery. The malnati salad is delicious. There was a long wait but we placed our order as soon as we arrived because the pizza takes about 30-40 minutes to be ready. The staff members are extremely nice.New to New York by way of Chicago, I now have to backhand-slap myself. Hard.See, I spent a good majority of my three years in Chicago hating on deep dish pizza. Oh sure, I still ate it when presented with the stuff because food and I are best friends like that but I was by no means its biggest fan. But now? That I'm many stones away from this ubiquitous staple of Chicago cuisine? Yeah, I miss it.But the gods always needing to make an example out of me aside, it must be said that in Chicago, there's only one place for the goods and that place is Lou Malnati's. Pizzeria Uno, Due and Giordano's tend to get most of the deep dish hype but Lou Malnati's is the win. There you will find the perfect crust - a hint of toastiness and an excruciatingly delicious-to-bite-into crunch - which is key since with all the dough and the sauce and the toppings, it's easy for a lot of places to get this all wrong and leave you with a soggy mess (I'm looking at you, Giordano's). Plus, the ingredients always taste fresh and somehow, even though you've eaten your weight in dough, you manage to not feel that awful. Get the Lou. Add pepperoni if you're feeling meaty. Sit back. Enjoy.And if you're feeling particularly nice, send homegirl here a slice, won't you?Aside from Pequods, this is the best pizza I've had in the city. Their lunch special is bomb, but also fattening because I can eat the whole pizza in one sitting. It comes with a salad and a drink for around $10 with tip. Not bad and only two blocks from my office.It's definitely better to have it made-to-order vs. the pre-made personal size pizzas, but it does take a while to come out. Their sausage is my favorite topping, and I think the sauce is about as good as it gets. I like the thickness of the crust, but it would be better if they actually filled the deep dish pizza pan. I'm not complaining about the amount of food, I'm just saying it looks skimpy. It's much better than the other chain pizza places here, but I have a few more deep dish spots to try. For now, Lou's hits the spot.Having visited Art of Pizza when my family was too full to enjoy it, we opted for another go around with the windy city's pizza after spending a few hours in Millennium Park and wandering about Michigan Avenue.  Parking all the way back at the park and hiking the three quarters of a mile was not my mother's idea of fun given the city's street/sidewalk quality, but the weather was beautiful and a walk was in order after the gluttony of previous days.  While Chicago foodies will argue back and forth until the end of time about whether Uno's founder Ike Sewell or employee Rudy Malnati (whose sons own both Lou Malnati's and Pizano's) originally invented the deep-dish, all I wanted was an excellent pie.  As my sister had been to Uno and we'd all tried Giordano's in the past, the choice was Lou Malnati's or Gino's East - we opted for Lou's.Arriving just after 1:00pm the patio was open but we opted to eat indoors at the River North location on Wells Street.  Greeted promptly by a friendly young waitress who I honestly couldn't believe was old enough to serve a beer, our waters were filled quickly and my sister opted for a local Goose Island 312 while my aunt and mother chose their standard iced tea.  Orders placed we sat and waited while examining the kitschy bar interior and laughing as the crowd burst into boos while watching the Yankees put up a few runs on the White Sox.  Waiting for about 10 minutes we were brought our first item, Lou's Bruschetta with fresh chopped tomato and basil tossed with olive oil and served with homemade garlic toast.  Excellent and crisp Italian toast with a mild although notably clean tasting olive oil and subtle use of garlic was matched well by the impressively fresh tomatoes and aromatic basil.  While it wasn't listed, I detected a bit of rosemary in the dish that added additional complexity.  At less than $5 the portion was generous and the quality excellent.Finishing our bruschetta it was another 20 minutes before the young lady arrived to tell us our pizza would be out soon.  Interestingly, my mother began sorting plates from the center of the table at this time and noted one to be quite dirty.  Showing this to the server the server stated "hmm, well, all our plates are in the washer now but I'll see if I can find one."  With nearly twenty Lou's operating in Illinois, I'd like to think their flagship would have a bit more tableware - or that someone in the place could hand wash a dish.Arriving in about 10 minutes, along with a fresh plate, was our main event - a medium Lou with Buttercrust, Fresh spinach, mushrooms and sliced tomatoes covered with a blend of mozzarella, romano and cheddar cheese.   Served in prototypical deep-dish glory the pie came steaming hot with cheese still bubbling and the thick buttery crust layered all the way to the top of the pan.  An intoxicating aroma I had to bear in mind the temperature to make sure I didn't burn my mouth digging in.  Slicing the pizza with an enormous pizza cutter we were each plated a hefty slice and waters and teas were refilled.  Not quite as traditional as the standard sausage/cheese variety of deep dish, this glorious pile of cheese and veggies topped with a hearty tomato sauce was quite excellent with a great juxtaposition of buttery, creamy, savory, sweet, and crunchy.  While the sauce wasn't quite as impressive as Art's, the use of multiple cheeses added a lot of nuance to the dish and really set it apart from "other" Chicago Pizzas - the whole tomatoes and garlicky mushrooms were also excellent and I particularly loved the butter crust as it was crisp on bite but gave way to the teeth and nearly melted in the mouth.   While the menu stated a "medium" would be enough for 3, the heft of this pie made that a challenge that took some time to complete - with myself doing most of the legwork.  When the meal ended we were asked if we'd like dessert - and while I still do regret not experiencing the deep dish chocolate chip cookie, I had dinner plans with an old friend at North Pond later in the evening and didn't want to chance it.  All told really enjoyed Lou's and the price can't be beat - were it not for the beverages we'd have likely been out of there under $25 all inclusive.  While I must say I liked Art's Pizza better, the service and style at Malnati's was excellent and it'd be a great place to catch a game with friends.  A long walk back to Millennium Park interrupted by more shopping was a great way to close out the trip with my family and I'm glad we had a chance to try Lou's.  Gino's East or Uno is next.It took an hour and a half for delivery, but it was worth it.I have tried many different places for deep dish and decided to try Lou's tonight.  Had the "Lou" and a sausage.Pizza here is an art form, and Lou's measures up.  The pizza was so good and topped with top quality ingredients.  Their sausage was good too.  It was sweet and not oily and gross like I get in LA.  Everything was so good I froze it and brought the leftovers home in my luggage.Good stuff, too bad there is not one in LA.This was my first and only Chicago deep dish pizza experience. I'm from Massachusetts. We're about as far from deep-dish and pizza as you can get.Considering I'm not huge on pizza to begin with, and this place actually made me LIKE deep dish (which again, I had never experienced before Lou's) I have to give it at least 4 stars. I reserve the 5th star because I have nothing to compare Lou's to.We called ahead to check on the wait - none. We arrived to an about 1/2 full restaurant around 2 pm on a Monday. We walked in to a semi-disgruntled hostess who finished helping a couple people who were picking up food before seating us and calling a waitress over. What the hostess lacked in social skills, the waitress more then made up for with her smiling, friendly, here-to-serve-you attitude. She was a pleasure to deal with.We browsed the menu, placed an order for the Original Lou's deep dish (red sauce, tomatoes, garlic, mozzarella, Italian sausage) and began the wait (as deep dish is made fresh by the pie, it would take 20-40 minutes, we were told). We were happy to wait, and even happier when the pizza arrived to our table, in all it's glory, 25 minutes later.We feasted our eyes on the 2 inch deep pan of pizza pleasure while the waitress sliced us each a chunk of the cheesy, chewy treat.We all took our first bites of Chicago deep dish pizza and looked at one another. Check. Nod. Smile.It was good! My boyfriend was skeptical, I was worried I hadn't picked an authentic enough restaurant to try the deep dish and my mom was just plain hungry. And we all ended up loving the deep dish!I would certainly go back to Lou's for deep dish. I would like to try Uno and Due and Giordanos and Ginos. But given the "bad food" and "exacerbating waits" described for those places, I was happy being able to walk into Lou's unannounced and be able to enjoy a great deep dish pizza within 30 minutes of reaching the restaurant.Next time I'm in Chicago, I will have to try one of the more popular places for a comparison. Then, all things considered, we will have a true understanding of where Lou's places in the derby of deep dish.Wait: None, walked right in.Food: A+, set the bar pretty highService: A (one great, one not-so)Atmosphere: Casual, retro decor, a semi-classy pizza place.Maybe I just had the wrong idea about what Chicago style deep dish pizza *really* is supposed to be.  In the San Francisco Bay Area, I've eaten Zachary's stuffed crust deep dish pizza thinking it was an accurate reflection and thought "Wow, if it's this good in California, just think how good it will be in Chicago!"Turns out they aren't really the same thing.  Lou Malnati's deep dish has a thick, bready crust and a tangy tomato sauce.  In comparison, Zachary's has less of a bready crust, with toppings stuffed into the crust, and a pile of stewed tomatoes on top.  So yeah, they are really different and hard to directly compare.Lou Malnati's has a decent pizza, but I guess I'm really just a Californian at heart, since I prefer the Californian version.Gave the other location 4-stars, this location gets 3.Our waiter took FOREVER to get us our order and took FOREVER to notice that our water glasses were empty. In fact, we had to talk loudly about needing more water and stared at him before he got it for us. The pizza came after another lady who came in LATER than us received her pizza. Maybe it was because it was an individual pizza, or MAYBE it was because our waiter was off doing whatever else he had to do.Pizza was good. This is where we found out that we loved this place more than Gino's East. After getting the pizza, there wasn't much service after. Rating is more for the taste of the pizza than the service. Someone should really watch the waiters to see if they're efficient.Delicious Chicago style pizza. I was told to go here for damn-good Chicago pizza, and that is what we got. I was also told not to imagine it nor think of it like how I have always tasted and thought of pizza before. I was told this pizza would be a cheesy-ooey-gooey pie casserole, and that is what it was. With my altered expectations, I thoroughly enjoyed my visit. The place is nothing fancy, cause you come here for the pizza. The prices are affordable, we shared a medium cheese for less than $15. We had enough for leftovers and despite going on a tour of the town all day, I wouldn't give the last pieces up to be thrown away. I gobbled it down far past expiration time and enjoyed every little bit. The staff were accommodating and friendly. We were seated quickly on a weekday for lunch, not much of a wait at all. The place is bigger than it looks from the outside. Clean and comfy, everything you want to focus on your meal. Yum.This is a great place to buy frozen souvenirs to bring back to your friends! The frozen pizzas taste almost as good as the in-house ones. Plus, it's much better than getting it shipped online (they tack on an expensive shipping fee)What they are famous here is for their buttercrust. To me the buttercrust tastes the same as the non-butter crust, might be because the pizza itself with all the cheese, garlic, sauce covers everything up.I've tried Giordano's, Lou Manalti's, Gino's East...they are all about the same to me. Amazingly, the best Chicago pizza I've ever had has been right here in San Diego (Sweet home chicago pizza).I don't know how this place has such a solid 4 stars.  The pizza was super bland, the crust was soggy and tasted like it was pre-made and frozen or something.  Maybe we got a bad pie, but if this is your specialty you need to hit stronger than that even with your misses.  If you are ever in San Diego, go to Lefty's if you want some real Chicago pizza!  If your in Chicago and looking for a taste of the city, avoid Lou's.  I highly recommend Hot Doug's.We ate here on our first night.  Eight of us were seated upstairs.Ordered -*one large pepperoni thin crust pizza*one large Lou Malnati Chicago classic style deep dish pizza*two bowls of the Malnati salad*two pitchers of beer, the Goose Island 312 and Peroni.The server had suggested two thin crust and two deep dish.  We chose one of each.  Else, would have been way too much food.The salad was outstanding. The secret dressing is really what makes it.  They sell bottles of the dressing.The deep dish pizza was good.  We were digesting a few bites of it when someone in our group stated that the cornmeal dough was raw and uncooked in the middle.  We all immediately dropped our forks and knifes down.The manager offered to replace it.  We agreed. We continued with our thin crust pizza.  I liked it but didn't love it.Our replacement deep dish came, but I was somewhat full by this point.  So I ate most of the sausage on it and a little of the cheese and cornmeal crust.  But it was baked perfectly this time.  The sausage was more like sausage patties than crumbled nuggets of meat.Both pizzas consisted of cornmeal crust which is a noticeable difference than pizzas I'm familiar with eating.All in all, a nice meal.I haven't been to this location but I have had a server from this location at another Lou malnatis. He was great. Great enough that I called to make sure this was his regular restaurant to give him the credit he deserves for being awesome. Our drinks were never empty at a party of 25 (surprise baby shower for me). He didn't like the way one of our pizzas turned out so he had the kitchen make us a new one before we even noticed. His overall demeanor was just excellent. I eat out often and know what a good server is. He was amazing. He had a pleasant attitude and made the night great. The temperature at the oak park restaurant was kind of off but he made sure we were comfortable. He is a great waiter. Lou malnatis did an excellent job when choosing to hire him. I live on the opposite side of the city but will be coming to this location because of his excellent service. Dean is awesome. Thanks dean :)This is probably the best Chicago deep dish pizza, even though it's a "chain"We had a group of about 20 people, and they had no problem taking care of us. It was a 45 minute or so wait for a table, but since the pizzas take about an hour to make it really didn't matter we had to wait.Once we were seated, we got drinks and appetizers almost right away. The pizza came out about 10 minutes later.The 2 different pizzas we got were the classic and just a normal a pepperoni, both were amazing and the crust is crispy and buttery. Just be warned, it is really heavy and hard to eat more than 1 piece.The wait staff was excellent and kept up with everything, even though we had a big group.Let's just say, I pretty much fell asleep after dinner.My first real Chicago style deep dish pizza in..Chicago! This is way better than Zachary's on the West Coast (my previous only experience with deep dish pizza).For starters, my friends and I had spinach bread, which was this cute baked loaf that once sliced, gushed forth a mountain of cheese and spinach and garlic. Very tasty! Came with a side of marinara sauce..Then, we ordered the Lou, which was a veggie deep dish with the butter crust (YUM!), roma tomatoes, cheese, spinach, mushrooms, and other toppings. The slices are huge and thick, so between the three of us, we could only eat three slices. We ordered a medium, so we had half a pie leftover (and that was only three slices!). The pizza was so gooey, soft on the bottom, and the veggies tasted fresh (despite being baked!). There wasn't an overly large amount of watery tomato (which I personally disliked about Zachary's and assumed all deep dish consisted of watery tomato - till now!). In fact, there was no watery tomato at all.Hearty, fresh, and filling treat!Perfect. Our waiter was perfect, our seats were perfect, the food was perfect.We stopped in before heading back to Michigan, getting seated right before a line started forming at the door. They sat us right in front of the window and there were people lining out the door around 6 pm. Foursquare users suggest you place your pizza order on the waiting list if you have to wait -- your pizza will be ready right about the time you get seated.Our waiter was funny, although I doubt he intended to be. He has his spiel perfected. My boyfriend was being dull, so I eavesdropped on everyone else's conversations, and our waiter had the same greeting for every table: "Welcome to Lou Malnati's! Is this your first visit? Just to let you know, our pizza takes about 35 minutes to cook. I'd suggest you start off with the Malnati salad - it's the best salad you'll ever have. Are you guys hungry? The small pizza is usually good for 2, unless you want to take some home. Are you ready to order?" I have no life.We went with the antipasto salad, breaded mushroom appetizer, and small pepperoni pizza. By the time the pizza got to our table, we were already full, and one slice (of 4) each, we were ready to be rolled out. We fought through, though, and devoured the rest of the pizza. Pizza was delicious. That's my expert critique. Perfect Chicago style pizza, way better than anything I've ever had in Michigan.Went to Chicago for my first time this weekend and stopped in here TWICE. That's how good it was.. I did research before my trip and saw 3 pizza places listed but asking the locals, they all suggested Lou's!It was amazing!!! Definitely lived up to my expectations! We were going to try a different pizza place the next day but we figured "why mess with a good thing?" so we came back!DEFINITELY recommend this place!Tip:  when you are waiting for your table (we had a 40 minute wait), you can pre order the pizza. They prepare the dough while you're waiting so by the time you sit at your table it cuts the wait for the pizza in half!I am wishing that I could give 3.5 stars.  Ah, the debate about Chicago style versus thin crust.....well I grew up in Chicago and so I have room in my heart for both kinds.  As a kid, my parents would order from Lou Malnattis occasionally and it was always a big deal.  Now as an adult, I order from time to time, as well.  But ya gotta be in the mood for this kinda za.  If you like Chicago style, then you should really like Lou Malnattis.  I have tried to stray off track and order something else off of their menu besides pizza.  I would have to say, dont bother.So delicious! I had the Malnati salad and the Malnati Chicago classic pizza and holy moly so yummy! The salad was by far my favorite.  I think it had something to do with the salami that is in there.  I wish I lived closed I'd go there all the time!Exactly what I think of when I want Chicago style pizza. Was in town for a friend's wedding & a group of us came here for lunch. Service was great. Salad and pizza were both excellent.Seeing the line and the crowds, I wanted to leave immediately. My dining companion insisted on waiting the 30 minutes as no other option had been planned.And I'm glad we stayed! We pre-ordered our pizza (I think just something to make us feel better as I don't think it made a bit of difference), took our plastic blinking thingy and headed to the bar where we had a delicious $8 Gold Coast Old Fashioned. Super friendly bar staff.Our thingy went nuts and we were seated at a great table and served by a super duper professional server... she was great! We ordered and shared the namesake salad (delicious!) and our too-big deep dish pizza arrived and we gorged ourselves.We'll be back and hats off to an efficient and professionally run Chicago institution!Went here on a Saturday night and only waited a couple of minutes to be seated. Food:Malnati Salad: It was surprisingly a really good salad! Comes with romaine lettuce, diced tomatoes, black olives, sliced mushrooms, salami and gorgonzola cheese. I usually drench my salads in dressing but they don't do that here. They had just the right amount of dressing. It says that the smaller one serves 1-2 people but it could easily have served 3-4. Wings: they were alright. Nothing out of the ordinary. Pizza: Got a 1/2 pepperoni & 1/2 sausage pizza with mushrooms and green peppers. The crust is soooooo good and buttery! and the sauce is on the sweeter side...takes some getting use to. The bf and I ordered a small and we were each only able to eat a slice after our appetizers. Service: good service and friendly staff. Tips: they serve gluten-free pizza! and you can also buy a frozen pie to have for later...Lou over Gino. This spot i would recommend, I don't like gino for their corn crust.Ahh the Mid-West.Host to your artery clogging, coma enduing, carb-centric fare. My latest visit to the land of calorie averse, binge drinking, brat mecca known to many as Chicago came this past week during a road-trip to California. During my brief layover here I decided to visit famous Lou's to have my second tasting of their famous deep dish pizza, a staple of Chicago. My cousin and I decided to order a whole pie after a couple hours out at the bar (a good idea at the time but terrible for my body). Over the next 3 days we were able to devour the entire thing which seems like a long time but one slice will leave you sitting on the couch for a couple of hours. Be careful when eating it though two slices will put most people in a temporary food coma, my cousin made that mistake on a Sunday afternoon and I lost him for the rest of the day. Also don't exercise at any point after you eat it. I made the mistake of running a couple hours after and had to stop after cramping up.Way better than Gino's in my opinion and so much so that we decided to buy a cooler and order two frozen ones to take to California which we are currently enjoying. A must for anyone visiting Chicago.Amazing deep dish pizza - absolutely mouth watering! Hold on a second while I wipe my drool...Okay, now I can continue with this review. Place was packed, and I can see why! Seated within 15 minutes, attentive service, and oh my goodness, the pizza! The pizza! Their famed sausage really is delicious, and the ripe roma tomatoes are sweet and succulent. Thank goodness I don't live near this place, otherwise I'd be a big fatty from the heart stopping gobs of cheesy deliciousness. Takes about 35-40 minutes to make your pizza, so if you're in a rush, plan your trip accordingly.Inside was clean, with plenty of tables and booths, walls decorated with jerseys of different sports teams.  Who cares what it looks like though...as soon as the waiter puts that pizza on your table, you won't notice anything but the flavor sensation bursting in your mouth.I've honestly had better frozen pizza. I was in Chicago on a trip a few weeks ago and ordered a personal size deep dish pizza to go. I had high expectations, having heard great things about Chicago pizza. I ordered over the phone and walked over to the restaurant to pick it up. It took about 30 minutes for my pizza to arrive - this was not a good start. When I ate the pizza a few minutes later in my hotel, I was very disappointed. This was a sausage pie and the sausage overshadowed every other aspect of the pizza. There was basically a giant piece of chewy, salty, tasteless meat taking up the entire radius of the pie, covered with a thick layer of gummy cheese. Under this was a skimpy lawyer of tomato sauce. Not only were the proportions way off, but none of the components tasted particularly good individually. The sum of these parts was even worse. In an effort to sate myself for the coming flight home, I ended up pulling the meat patty off of the pizza and trying just the crust. This was similarly unappetizing. I ended up tossing most of the pizza and getting a sandwich at the airport. Perhaps dining in is the way to go. Perhaps the larger pies provide a more balanced pizza. In my case, this is just idle speculation. All I know is that I've had better frozen pizza from Trader Joes.it's ok. i prefer pizzeria ora.I am a displaced Chicagoan.  About five years ago, I returned for an extended stay with my then-11 month old.  A friend from my high school days came to visit and we ordered from Lou Malnati's...OMG, so much better than Pizzeria Uno's (the original not the chain).And about two weeks ago, my husband ordered two sausage pizzas so that we could have one for my birthday.  It was like a little slice of heaven.Every time I miss home, I'll go ahead and have some Lou's FedExed to me.  Pure joy.I got a coupon for a free appetizer by signing up for their email list - we got bruschetta, and it was surprisingly good and fresh.  We also got a veggie pie.  Now, pizza was one of the top two reasons I wanted to visit Chicago (hot dogs being the other), so I was super excited.  I was ready to have the best pizza of my life.Major let down!  The dough had no flavor at all - I've never had a pizza crust with NO flavor, I didn't even think it was possible.  Even Domino's cardboard pizza crust tastes like something.The sauce was probably the best thing about the pizza.  Without a good base (crust), a pizza just isn't a pizza.Lefty's in San Diego has THE BEST Chicago deep-dish pizza.  I was so sad that I flew all the way to Chicago when I already had the best pizza in my city!  So, put Lefty's pizza at the top of your reasons to visit San Diego, and skip Lou's.As a tourist, of COURSE I had to come here!  I was by myself on a business trip so I ended up sitting at the bar (the least wait....) and made a couple of new friends and shared my business-paid meal with them.  I started off with mozzarella sticks... nothing special.  I then ordered a 6" individual sized deep dish pizza (sausage, mushroom, onions) and got the extra hot pepper topping (forgot what it was called) on top.... now THAT made it 283947298 better.I felt like crap and super guilty after eating the mozzarella sticks, salad, and a whole pizza but I thoroughly enjoyed the dinner.  And then I went and ran a few miles afterwards.......I've tried them all, Uno's, Giordano's, Gino's...nothing compares to Lou's.  What makes it better than the others?  1)  The sauce:  this isn't goopy, bland tomato sauce.  It's light, with fresh chunks of tomato and lots of garlic.  2)  The crust:  also light and crispy...not overly heavy or dry like the others.  3)  The sausage:  they basically make a sausage patty across the entire pizza, which means you get sausage in every bite.  What's not to love?  Someone once told me if you took the crust of Uno's, Cheese of Giordano's, sauce of Gino's and sausage of Lou's, you'd have the perfect pizza.  I see where they are going with that, but really, you can get the best of everything at Lou's.  Stop comparing.Loved the Chicago classic! It was basically a slab of meat on the pizza so it is a little heavy. The crust was crispy and super yummy, though I wouldn't go out of my way for this. It's a little too heavy and if you are the kind of person who likes toppings on their pizza, this is probably not for you. Even my meat lover boyfriend said he probably would not have to have this next time we were back in chicago. Tip: Order the pizza beforehand so you don't have to wait when you sit down. Waiting 30 minutes + for pizza while watching other people eat it is torture...I had one of the best thin crust pizzas I've had in Chicago here. My friend and I ordered the spinach and mushroom pizza and it was delicious. FYI: the spinach is sauteed with basil, garlic and onions. The sauce is sweet and zesty and slightly chunky. The crust is thin and crisp.We started with the house salad. It is chopped up and I love the small pieces as it holds the dressing well. Too bad the red wine vinaigrette was overly sour. We ended with the hot brownie sundae which is rich and yummy and big enough for 4 people.Our waiter was very nice and helpful. I'd definitely go back until I find a better thin crust pizzeria.If you're going to recommend a tourist-friendly pizzeria, Malnati's has got to be at the top of your list.  I think it's the crust that sets Malnati's apart.  A thing of beauty; a work of art.  Thick but not too bready, crispy but not crumbly, buttery but not overly sweet.  In fact, they should make a crust pizza.  Little kids would fucking hate it, but I'd be all over it.  Just a couple of slices and you're set.  I suggest not ordering a large, because you'll inevitably have leftovers, and I've never found a deep dish pizza that reheats well.  Abuse this place and you won't make 50.The service here is excellent.  Even with constant waits and long lines, the servers and the hosts are always friendly and courteous.  I know foodservice is hard work, and these folks really deserve a hand (and a good tip) for showing their best.We came in tonight to show my cousin and uncle who were visiting from the Philippines to a real Chicago deep dish experience.  Our server was so kind and inquisitive about how their trip had been so far.  Our cousin owns a pizza place in Cebu, and wanted to get some real mozzarella sticks-- an experience of quality midwestern cheese at its finest.Lou's did not disappoint.  After we were told we would wait 1 hour and 15 minutes, we got our seats after 45 minutes.  We got the sausage deep dish and the appetizer platter.  The deep dish was excellent (although in the past their crust has been saltier, which I prefer) and the fried cheese and veggies were perfect.  What is with the ginormous soda cups though?  My cousin speculated that this was so that the servers would not have to deal with too many refill runs.  After tonight's trip, I know that Gulliver's in still my favorite, but Lou's is a classic and I'll never turn it down!Even frozen and flown halfway across the country on dry ice, frozen some more a sometimes wonky freezer, waiting for just the right time (which came fairly quickly...), this pizza is still one of the absolute best.And I would know because someone was kind enough one year to send me a Tastes of Chicago package that included a small cheese pizza from Lou Malnati's, and even with no topping other than cheese, I owe a debt of delicious gratitude that cannot ever be repaid.THE BEST.No seriously you guys, it's the best pizza in Chicago.  Every time I visit (which ends up being about once a year), Lou Malnati's is one of my absolute musts.  I wish I could say I've tried their appetizers or salads, but I will avoid food all day just to have room for two or three pieces of their amazing pizza.  Get the butter crust.  It takes a little longer, but it is soooo worth it.  Especially if you're a Chicago-style pizza virgin!  You will be ruined for all other deep-dish pizzas.I'm originally from NY, so I'm on my pizza high horse and long maintained that Chicago style pizza is not pizza.  This pizza has changed my mind.  Comparing NY style pizza to Chicago is like apples and oranges.  The anti-chicago crowd is either accustomed to what they grew up with or are stubborn (remember most of them are yankee fans).  Let's not forget that every state has thousands of pizzerias that say "new york style pizza" and every new yorker correctly says "this isn't true ny pizza".  Well, having finally eaten in Chicago, the same can be said about their style of pizza.This pizza may have been different, but it was still awesome.  I ordered a large with pepperoni.  This pizza was loaded with sauce and cheese.  The cheese was absolutely delicious, while the sauce was very fresh and had great flavor, despite what others on yelp think.  The buttered crust had a good flavor and texture.Some tips are to remember this pizza is filling!  I split it with one other person and we only consumed 3 slices all together.  This was do in part because we had cheesy bread as an appetizer, which was okay.  You're better off skipping the appetizer all together and just get the pizza.  It's definitely worth the wait!On one of my business trips to Chi-town, I was pointed toward's Lou's for some authentic Chicago deep dish pizza.  The location I tried is in the River North area of town, just a few blocks from the Westin.  This particular time, Derek was with me, we celebrated his birthday on this trip.  Lots of fun in Chicago, one of my favorite cities. The best thing though, is that you can take a frozen pizza on the plane back to SF!  I've done this regularly and on a 4 hour flight, the pizza is just ready to pop in the oven when I get home.  The pizza king loves me for that.Again, not the hugest fan of deep dish but I thought Lou's ranked way higher than Giordano's. First of all, the bottom crust wasn't all soggy and wet. We shared a medium salad and split a Lou's deluxe small and that seemed plenty for 2 (unless you want to feel completely "gotta unzip/unbutton" stuffed, then do go ahead and order more). I expected chunks of sausage in the deluxe but be forewarned, the bottoms is covered with like a patty of sausage! Kinda grossed me out at the end but I think it'd be heaven for sausage lovers. Great prices and pretty fast service (be sure to put your pizza order in during your wait). They even have little samples of the thin crust pizza while you wait for you table.My only culinary goal on my first trip to Chicago was deep dish pizza.  MAN, this place did NOT disappoint one iota.  The concierge at our hotel (the Westin) recommended it as it was 4 blocks away & apparently receives lots of awards for best pizza in the city, so that's all the convincing we needed.When we got there, the wait was about 25 minutes but they graciously offered that we could order our pizzas while we waited since they take so long to bake.  We did, which resulted in receiving our pizzas within 10 minutes of sitting down & putting in the rest of our appetizer and drink orders.GET THE BUTTER CRUST!!  YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT!It is slightly flakier, while still being just the right level of chewy.  As promised by the waitress, it did bring out the flavor of my pizza very well.  I ordered just an individual sized deep dish of cheese & black olives and it was great.  I'm craving it now, actually!  We also ordered their sample platter with the fried mushrooms, friend zucchini, mozzarella sticks, and fried cheddar cubes (which must be a Midwest thing as I've never seen them before in Cali) and it was really good and very ample as well.  The 3 of us couldn't finish it and our pizzas too.They had pre-made frozen pies and believe me, I spent a good 20 minutes debating how well one might hold up in the minibar at my hotel & then in my suitcase traveling home to Cali!  If I have the pleasure of going back to Chicago, I'm very likely to recommend them & stop in again!Butter crust. Piles of cheese. Awesome.It's the best Chicago Style Pizza you can get hands down. Try the Lou. It's really flavorful. The pepperoni and deluxe are great as well. Apps and salads are good.Everytime I want deep dish, I go to Lou's. I've tried the locations downtown and in Wicker Park, and it's consistently great. Make sure you get the butter crust.So good that I ordered 6 small pizzas online for delivery to SF ($99, including tax, shipping, etc) , from Chicago, and I don't even like pizza!!! (normally!)  There is a reason why most Chicago locals say "Lou Malnati's" when asked for the best Chicago deep dish pizza...Everything we tried here was great- their signature salad was DELISH, the buffalo wings were good (but totally overshadowed by the pizza), and the pizza was insane, out-of-this-world good.  The got the ratios down PERFECTLY and the butter crust was amaaahhhszing!So we finally land in Chicago, and what's the first thing we did? Check out the much raved about deep dish pizza, of course! Aside from being fatty's, we also made it a priority to check it out because we watched an Anthony Bourdain episode where he was in Chicago and described deep dish pizza as a pizza/pot pie... What??? Pizza pot pie? Sounds.. different! Since the place he went to was too far from where we were staying, we strolled over to Lou Malnati's pizzeria... Lou Malnati's reminds me of the Bennigan's chain that existed in Miami once upon a time. It has that family style vibe and old Italian pizzeria décor to it. It was pretty full inside, so we decided to sit outside and enjoy the delicious weather as well. The hostess promptly seated us and our server came. She wasn't very informed on the beer selection, however her recommendation ended up being what I was craving. We started off with some garlic bread and salad appetizers. The salad was good, not GREAT... Just, good. It would've been great if she would've let us know about the bleu cheese so this is just another example of how uninformed our waitress was of the menu. We also had some garlic bread which was warm and toasty, not over indulged in butter and garlic. After a 45 minute wait, finally the deep dish pizza arrives. We ordered the sausage one and decided to go with the small portion which my friends, was enough! It's cut into 4 and even with an appetite I was only able to finish one slice. Lou Malnati's deep dish pizza is reminiscent of the pizza hut and I say this because of the similarity of the crust, which also happened to be really thin. Deep dish pizza is literally the recipe for heartburn! At least this one was. Luckily I happen to like lots of tomato sauce but this was out of control. It was like a tomato sauce pie with some cheese on top. Did I expect something better? Kind of, but after hearing that locals don't usually eat deep dish I also kept my expectations at a realistic level. I came to Lou Malnati's because of the great reviews. Now I'm just wondering if this is really the best deep dish pizza in Chicago? We may never know...I'm a Thin Crust type of girl, so I don't usually seek out Chicago-style pizza. But when your out-of-towners are visiting and they are demanding deep dish, this is where I will take them. I love Lou's for these reasons: You won't get a stomach ache afterwards because it's not super greasy. A drowning pizza is never good... and Lou's has just the right amount of sauce. The yummy, buttery, and slightly crisp but still doughy crust that totally complements it's toppings. Lou is right on with his recommendations. I, too, recommend Lou's Pizza (spinach, mushrooms, tomatoes) and the Malnati Salad (bleu cheese, mushrooms, tomatoes, and bacon in a sweet onion vinaigrette).The 4th star in my review is because of drool. Let me explain.I arrived here around 6pm with my mother, and we took a seat at a sidewalk table. We placed an order for a bottle of wine and a medium deep dish 'Lou' pizza with butter crust. This specialty pizza has spinach, tomatoes, and mushrooms, with a blend of cheeses. The wine was brought to our table already open, which was highly unusual. The waiter later explained, after we brought it up, that the bartenders inside always do this. Not a great policy for $20+ bottle of wine, in my opinion. On that note, there wasn't really much ambiance to speak of at Lou Malnati's; they seem to be primarily focused on their pizzas, which actually is not a bad thing.The pizza itself was quite good. The toppings were fresh and flavorful, the crust was flaky and delicious, and the tomato sauce was just right. The price was reasonable, too, especially compared with other deep dish joints around town (see my other pizza reviews). We were content after eating 4 of the 6 slices, and I happily took the leftovers home with me.The next morning I topped my leftover slices with some fresh chopped spinach and popped them in the toaster oven for a few minutes. I sat myself down with the pizza in front of me, and as I brought the first forkful to my mouth I experienced again the pleasantly complex aromas of the sauce, the cheese, the toppings, and the crust, and I drooled just a little. Any pizza that does that to me deserves 4 stars.This was the last stop on our pizza tour and the first best thing about this place was they had air conditioning! It was HOT out there!Now that I think of it this place was pretty small, probably as much seating as Pizzeria Uno maybe a little less. The place was quiet most likely because it was 3:45pm when we got there but the service was excellent we were out of there in a little over an hour which was good because we had a plane to catch. The pizza was excellent! It's right up there with Gino's East, cooked to perfection. Its really a toss up between the two in my opinion but now that I think of it I might have to give it to Lou only because the cheese is cooked right up onto the crust which is my absolute favorite! One could say this pizza also has no crust, either way I love it because I hardly ever eat the crust.I would definitely come back here and on a side note their large pie happened to be significantly less than Uno and Gino's.When arriving to the restaurant with my family at 6:30pm, I expected and was told it would be a 45 minute to hour wait. It ended up taking them an hour and a half to get seated and then another 50 minutes to receive our food even though the pizza was pre ordered. The service was very poor and slow. We had to ask for our refills and the food was meh.Pizzeria Uno may have innovated Chicago-style deep dish pizza, but Lou Malnati's perfected it! Lou Malnati's knows what it takes to create authentic  deep dish pizza, without staying loyal to their ancient ovens like Uno does (which it has been using since 1941, I believe). What I love most about Malnati's, is that it successfully creates a deep dish pizza that is hearty and meaty, but not over-sauced or overdone. It has the right amount of all essential ingredients and is extremely good about customizing the pizza to the customers liking, not the other way around (a la Pizzeria Uno). Bottom line: Malnati's is the way to go for authentic Chicago-style deep dish! Uno is overrated, and Gino's East has lost itself in time.When my wife and I planned our trip to Chicago, I asked everybody where to go for authentic Chicago style Pizza. 80% said Lou's. 10% said Giordano's, 10% said others. So off to Lou's.I am the converted.A NYC guy who if given the option of either Chicago style or NY Style for the rest of my life, I'd actually have to seriously think about Chicago style.  Even though I'm a firm believer that you can't compare the two as they are completely different foods altogether.  I mean, what can you say. It's amazing, it's fattening, it's chicago on a round plate.  My ONLY problem is that I understand the need to make a lot of money, and go national with this, but Lou's lost points in my book when I came home, found I can order Lou's online and have it shipped to my door in NJ.  So I did, heated it up, and it tasted identical to the pizza we had on Wells St.  That's a problem for me since I'm a huge fan of keeping regional cuisine treasures, regional.That's more of a qualm with the corporate aspect and not the actual food.   You want chicago style pizza, go to Lou's. Case closed.I heard a lot of things about Lou Malnati's and so I was expecting something amazing.  Lets just say I was not disappointed.  It was my first time in Chicago and all we have in DC is UNO's which is a bit too doughy for me.  I wanted a pizza that would not be too doughy and at the same time fresh.My friends all said eat here, so I did.  We made reservations for 5:30 and we were seated promptly.  Good thing we got there at that time, because by 6 it was pretty packed.  We all started out with the Malnati Salad, which is AMAZING!  If you go here, definitely get that salad.  The dressing was just right, a little tangy, a little sweet and the bacon bits gave it a little more crunch.We ordered a deep dish sausage pizza.  Another reason to go a bit early is deep dish pizza's take a little longer to cook (approx. 40 mins).  The waitress was nice, she did not try to get us to order the largest portion of everything, but told us mediums would probably be enough for three, which it was.The pizza itself was delicious, very fresh products, the sausage was well seasoned, but and the tomato sauce was really fresh with some larger chunks of tomato.  I enjoyed the pizza because the crust was not too thick, but the only issue I had was the buttery crust.  It made it kind of flaky and taste like a biscuit, which in turn made it a little more doughy then I would have liked. For the dessert we got the chocolate chip cookie with ice cream, which was delicious- probably tastes the same everywhere.  When it got crowded the waitress came back a little less, which was fine, but completely forgot our dessert order till 30 minutes later.  She did not even take it off the receipt, but oh well.  I decided to order a fresh frozen pizza to take back to DC, which worked out well and hopefully that tastes as good as the one in the store!  I would have given it 4.5 stars, due to the service and I really liked another pizza place, so it was not "As good as it gets," but I am a FAN!Came to Chiacago with high hopes of having the best pizza in the world, (not the city-the world Craig!)Turns out our mile walk was slightly disappointing. The Lou's salad, i think I chipped a tooth on the bacon bit and my friend and I weren't too keen on the whole "sweet" dressing.We got the Lou pizza and it was ooey gooey, but my expectations were set so high because I love Zachary's pizza here in Oakland. (mmm the sauce....chunky tomatoes...stuffed Chicago deep dish pizza)Sorry-Chi town... I wanted to be wooed off my feet in a tastebud-gasm, and it just didn't work out. It's not you--it's me. I'm just not happy with you.**If you are ever in the Bay Area, you MUST eat at Zachary's pizza. zacharys.com Then you will know why I left sad.Great food and EXCELLENT service from Rob!!!My husband and I went here on a recommendation from a friend in the area.  We wanted to grab a drink while we waited for our table and were lucky enough to find two seats at the bar that were just vacated.  ROB asked if we would prefer to eat at the bar... we did as we were watching the hockey game that was on and were grateful he made the offer.  Rob then helped us to order two appetizers (we were just going to get the calamari, but he sold us the fried cheddar cubes as well).  Both appetizers were outstanding!  He also made sure we ordered the proper crust for our pizza (we didn't know what we were doing, but he made sure we got the butter crust).  The pizza was phenomenal!!Our friend joined us and the three of us were having such a great time talking and hanging out with Rob that we stayed for a couple more drinks before heading out.  The food was amazing!!! And Rob was one of the best servers and bartenders I've had in awhile (I've been a waitress for 15 years so I'm very picky when I say this)!!!Thank you Rob and Lou Malnati's for making our nightI'm by no means a deep dish pizza conosour, but I do love food and I must say this place was worth the wait.  The sauce is AMAZING!!  We ordered two pizzas, one with just pepperoni and sausage (my favorite) and a pepperoni, peppers and mushrooms.  The sausage was superb and complementes the flacota on the sauce.  I would come back again the next time I am in Chicago for sure.I did not expect to be a deep dish fan. I'm more of a venician kind of girl - super thin crust, all about the cheese and a few fresh toppings. i expected deep dish to be doughy and wet and full of oil. NOT the case. Lou's crust was buttery as promised, and crunchy and thin, and the toppings were fresh and full of flavour.Lou's (the reco'd veggie option, no substitutions please), was mostly tomatoes and cheddar, and was perfect and filling after being stuck in a car for way too long.Contrary to other experiences, the service put Lou's over the top for us. We arrived around 11:30 pm, and they seated us regardless of the fact that they were scheduled to close at midnight, and orders take 35 minutes, waiting until we were done after 1:00 to close. The only thing I didn't love was the recommended beer, the 323 (?). Kind of watery and lacking in flavour ... toto, we're not in canada anymore. so I'll let it slide.Just may take some Lou's home.Lou Malnati's makes what is in my opinion the best pizza on the planet, and that goes for all of their locations. Fantastic buttery crust, rich, flavorful cheese, and zesty, spicy pepperoni and sausage, thick and chunky tomato sauce, perfection. This is the best Chicago deep dish around, even beating Gino's and Pizzeria Uno. As for the location, standard service, good atmosphere, great location and good all around experience. Highly, highly recommended.After visiting this location two nights in a row on vacation, because it was so awesome, I decided to come a third time, almost two years later. I'm really sad to report that it was not at all the same experience whatsoever. In fact, I would say this was the worst service I've ever experienced anywhere.This time, the wait staff seemed to be overwhelmed by the crowd and were doing a tag team operation and "helping" each other. After waiting over 30 minutes for my deep dish pizza, the minimum wait time for a standard deep dish, a waiter who was not our server delivered our pizza to another table. There was a pretty clear language barrier, which did not help the situation. Since Lou's personally serves each guest their first slice, they doled out my pizza to another family, who immediately started devouring it.The other family's pizza came out to us, of course, which we immediately alerted the server of. It was offered to us, but it looked disgusting and had extra cheese, which is just not necessary on a deep dish pie. Not surprisingly, based on the service that night, this server who brought our pizza was not the server who took our order. Had it been our original waitress, this whole situation could have easily been avoided. Once we called our original waitress over, she was very flustered at the situation and brought over her manager. Now, if you were the manager, who would you address first? The people who are already eating a pizza, of which they clearly could not recognize or care was their own OR the people who are sitting pizzaless, hungry, and annoyed at the situation? This manager opted for the first. Absolutely ridiculous. Said manager seemed confused as to what to do, and gave more attention to the the table who now had 2 total pizzas, versus my table with none. She went over to the family who received my pizza and apologized to them, even though it was clear that they were stuffing their faces anyways, and did not care. Her first interaction with my table was asking us, "Did you guys eat any of this one?" in regards to the pizza we incorrectly received. It was visible that we hadn't, and told her we hadn't, to which she replied, "Cool!" and then proceeded to give that family the pizza they originally ordered, in addition to ours. How rude! She then disappeared into the kitchen for several minutes. When she finally reemerged, she wondered out to tell us that they were making our pizza a top priority and jumping it in the line of orders. She didn't once apologize to us, and she acted annoyed at us, even though it wasn't our fault. Maybe she expected us to just accept the pizza we didn't order? Whatever the reason, the customer should come first, and this was not the priority of this manager.I was visiting from out of town and then had to wait a whole additional 30 minutes. This really took a chunk out of my night that was set out for exploring the city. I was not at all pleased about this. We ate quickly once we finally got the pizza we ordered to begin with. Our original server was very nice and extremely apologetic throughout, while her manager remained apathetic about the whole situation.Ready for the kicker? We were finishing our last slices of pizza and our waitress came over and dropped off a check. Are you even kidding me? They had actually billed us for two pizzas, and zeroed both off of the check, giving the illusion that we had saved $30 or something. Since we were aware of the wait time, I ordered a beer and a fried calamari appetizer before the meal. I didn't really want either, but some time had passed since lunch, and I wanted to get started on something. It ended up that this is what we were being charged for, including my girlfriend's drink, which came to a total of an additional $25 or so. I couldn't believe they had the nerve to charge us for anything! We were in their restaurant a total of over TWO WHOLE HOURS! How could they have the nerve to try to charge us for anything. The waitress came back around again and I asked her to speak with the manager again, to which she responded, "Oh, is there something wrong with the check?" to which I replied, "Yes. The fact that there is one." She looked confused and ran off to grab the same unhelpful manager from earlier, who also appeared confused as to what additional problems there could be. Was it really that surprising? Really?!?!?I told her that it was ridiculous that we had to wait that long, that we were from out of town and our night was ruined, that it was insane to charge us for anything, etc. This dismissive jerk of a manager walked away from our table, while I was expressing our displeasures, which was even more infuriating. This, of course, caused a small scene, to which I walked straight out.I couldn't believe the service I had just received. It was by far the absolute worse service I have ever experienced from any public restaurant, grocery store, retail store, or anywhere ever, really. I'll never be back.This pizza is Garbage! Easily the worst crap I ever tasted!  I rather eat cardboard with cheese than ever come back here.  My tips for this placeis to close! The pizza was greasy waterdowned and had a bad after taste.I'm an outsider who recently came to Chicago to visit a friend. One of our top priorities was to try out some of the most famous deep dish pizzerias in Chicago - Pizzeria Uno, Gino's East, Lou Malnati's, and Giordano's. For me, Lou Malnati's came in a very close second place, just behind Giordano's. The deep dish pizza here is definitely very different from the other 3 places. The slices are smaller, and the crust is thinner (so take note that you should probably order more than you normally would at the other deep dish places). It also seems like, instead of overwhelming you with an enormous, thick slice of pizza, Lou's takes a more refined approach. And boy did it work. The flavors were perfect, and the butter crust was delicious (not an easy feat - most of the other butter crusts I had on this trip were thick, dry, and just plain excessive). We got here around 7:30 PM on a Sunday. We were quoted for a 90 minute wait, but got inside in less than an hour (funny how an hour-long wait became something to celebrate). After that, it took another 40 minutes or so for the pizza to get to our table. One negative was that, instead of leaving the pizzas at our table, the waiter kept it on a tray by the wall, which means that we had to wait for him to come by every time to refill our plates. I don't know if we were allowed to just walk over and get our own slices or what, but that was kind of just a strange thing, and since the restaurant was crowded, we ended up sitting around waiting for more pizza, which should not have happened. So the service wasn't the best, but it was tolerable. However, the ambience was the best of the four pizzerias that I visited - just a nice, clean place to enjoy great pizza.Make the journey now! You won't be disappointed.Crappy service, great decor, and AMAZING deep dish. I've craved it ever since. Do yourself a favor and EAT HERE! Life changing.I love, love, love Chicago deep-dish.  So I spent a lot of time searching the internet to come up with an alternative to Giordano's to try during our visit.  Seems like a lot of folk like Lou Malnati's.   With a 45-minute wait for the pizza, you've got to order salad while looking over the baseball memorabilia on the walls.  And those folk on the internet were right concerning the salads - the Malnati salad is a joy to eat. It even convinced my Texian partner that he could dress his salad with something other than Ranch. The pizza, however, was a bit of a disappointment.  The crust is nice and buttery, better than Giordano's.  But the rest of the pizza was lacking.  It seemed as if the sauce consisted of a can of crushed tomatoes that had been opened and poured over the top with absolutely no seasonings.  The sausage was strangely stringy.  The layers of crust, cheese, toppings and tomatoes were not nearly as thick as Giordano's.  Some people don't appreciate feeling full after only two pieces of pizza, but I do.  I guess that's why I'm a Giordano's guy.Simply the best pizza in the city.  The sauce is chunky and delicious - absolutely mouthwatering.  And yes, the buttercrust is worth the few cents it will cost you.  Unlike some deep dish joints where you might abandon your dry crust, it's its own special treat at Lou's.Another bonus goes to the toppings.  Lou's pepperoni has a flavor unlike any I've tasted before.  It stands out without being overpowering.  Well worth the cost, well worth the wait (which usually isn't too bad).Service is adequate.  I usually ask for a pitcher of water, since the water glasses they give you are too small and the waitstaff usually don't stop by too often.  But I wouldn't care if I had to fight the waiter with my knife and fork to get at that pizza.  I'd do it.We went looking for good authentic deep-dish pizza and we're glad we found it at Lou Malnati's. We went there on a Saturday night and early (5:30) -- there was still a 45 minute wait then. But you can order your pizza ahead of time (it takes 35 minutes to cook) so by the time we sat down, our pizza was nearly ready. Don't miss the Malnati salad as an app though - very good choice.  I still love NY-style pizza better but that's not fair to criticize a restaurant for serving what it does well.  So, ignore the naysayers who lament it's not as good as other pizza. For deep-dish, this was a good choice. Just be prepared to wait.Lou Malnati's is my family's favorite Chicago deep dish. I don't think it's my favorite, but it is a quality pie! The cornmeal/butter crust isn't my favorite, but other people LOVE it. The sauce/cheese/toppings are awesome, though, and of course they are cooked to order, delivered in a cast-iron pan and served to the plate by your friendly server. I eat two pieces but I've seen college boys pack away five (which is definitely unhealthy. As a dessert lover I have to say that probably the highlight of Lou's for me is the chocolate chip pizza, which is really a chocolate chip cookie baked in a little cast iron pan so that the edges are delightfully crispy and the inside is melty/gooey, and topped with vanilla ice cream and whipped cream. It is AMAZING. On the other hand, you will always wait forever for your order. Seriously, forever. Be prepared. Order before you're seated. Do anything you can to speed up the process!Lou Malnati's has its own style of pizza - not really deep-dish or stuffed really. They have their own half-way here half-way there recipe that makes their pizza unique, but also somewhat soggy. I also dislike the chunkiness of their tomato sauce and we usually order the veggie here, not spinach. They do have a spinach bread appetizer, which is too cheesy for my liking.This particular Lou is always loud and crowded and the servers have no time to give you an ear, just throw your pizza on to the table and vanish.Lou's is my favorite Deep Dish Pizza in Chicago.  When I originally moved here I happened to live almost across the street from Pizzeria Uno and due to the tourist crowd constantly outside of it I sort of just assumed it was 'Numero Uno.'  After that being my staple for about a year, I moved off a couple of blocks and was right down the street from Lou Malnatis.  I decided we'd give that a shot as I'd already been to Ginos and Giordanos before.I must say that Lou Malnatis is really the best of the 4 major deep dish places in Chicago for me.  Now the interesting thing for me, is I actually prefer the pizza to be reheated at home in the oven as opposed to straight from their oven.  I usually try to save at least half the pizza after purchase to reheat at a later date :).This place does tend to get pretty packed, and as has been mentioned in other reviews, I have noticed slow service when I've actually eaten in. Granted, it is rare for me to eat in, so it's not a major concern of mine. The outdoor seating is nice, when the weather is. However, it does tend to take even longer to actually get drinks/food out front than it does inside.My favorite is simply the Sausage Pizza.  I can't recommend one better.After going to this place I'm starting to think that there is an over-abundance of slow under-25 yr olds in Chicago. The hostess at this restaurant was so dim it isn't even worth talking about. Especially considering it was at a quasi-chain restaurant. No suprise there, right? I don't know, I think the blind hostess from Shoney's could do better than this girl... and I wasn't the only person thinking she was bad. (outside seating was requested by at least three parties and she wouldn't seat any of us because she was waiting for tables inside. Even after we pointed out that we wanted to sit at "X table, right there!"Chicago style pizza is just weird. I'm going to go ahead and say that a deep dish pizza from Domino's is 50x's better than a pizza from Lou Malnati's.2 out of the "orginal" 3 deep dishes that I have now tried in Chicago (still haven't been to Gino's).  Sorry Malnati's.... Uno's was better.. the cornmeal bottom is really what I want!However, for a deep dish it's pretty ok.  The pepperoni I got was tasty, the service was good.. the drinks ok.... the top layer of tomatoes, delicious.. but when I take my fork and put it into the pizza - I want the cornmeal bottom :(and there Malnati's.. I'm sorry.. but Uno (and Due) have that over you..  Next time I'll try Gino's4 1/2 solid stars for some deep dish pizza in chicagoI don't like pizza but Chicago style has made me a craver for these deep dish accomplishments. I have been to two pizza places when in Chicago this place and Giordani's both excellent, what makes this place stick out is the sauce, heavy, flavorful, buttery crust I would say more but now im salvating hahaAgain I don't like pizza but here in Chicago I would try all if I could deep dish, thin crust, etc. It is just that good out here.group of 12 well fed with 2 large pizzas that would be unheard of with any bay area pizza, it is all about the sauce here at Lou's I should of took some home since they had some frozen to go.food**** deep dish it is all bout the sauce hereservice ***** excellent serviceprice $$ambiance **** sports icons pics signed on the walls, fairly large venue two floorsDefinite must try or even take togo when in ChicagoWe had a 90 minute wait on a Thursday night. Geez! The place was crawling with peeps.We had antipasto salad that had pickled veggies in it and was superb. I loved it.The thin crust veggie and another with sausage and onion were both delicious. Perfect crust. Maybe a touch of salt would be nice in the dough. The deep dish pizza we shared also had sausage and onion and was delicious. I just don't care for so much dough, though. So opt for the thin and you get the SAME crust... just less of it.Great service... and they don't want you to serve your own slices. I suppose one could get branded by those hot dishes.   : )This location is on the small side but the front of house staff was friendly on a bitterly cold and snowy evening.Got a window seat so I could watch the traffic and the "L" go by as I ate.Delcious Bruschette - yes I know it's only seasoned tomatoes on garlic bread - but it was a nice appetizer to eat while waiting for the pizza.I got the personal sized Pan Pizza thinking it would be the same as the full size except for the size. Disappointingly it is made in a smaller pan with shallower sides that all but eliminated the deep dish one orders this pizza for. That could be improved - but the flavor in the pizza I received was spot on. No corn meal crust - perhaps this is just a Giordano's thing.Overall it was OK. The waiter was excellent and prompt, food was great - just nothing really stood out to give it the 4 or 5. Go here and you'll not be disappointed but I think there are better pizza joints in Chicago.A solid 3* performer with easy access to the Brown Line via Merchandise Mart stop.As a New Jerseyan, pizza will always mean New York style pizza. So the fact that I enjoyed the deep dish "pizza" as much as I did should say something about this place; that yes indeed, the food was delicious.I was with a friend, and we started off with a single order of bruschetta. It was fucking delicious... fresh tomatoes, cheese, basil on tasty toasted bread. Yes, I was biased because it was the first real Chicago thing I'd eaten since arriving the night before, but the freshness of it is undeniable. Sadly, it did take up more room than I anticipated. So when we got to the Maltani Chicago Classic pizza, we were already slightly full.The pizza was super oily, dripping in butter. The crust was a bit cooked enough, but still was a bit too doughy for my taste. It was definitely like a pie crust, with cheese, tomato sauce, sausage, and other stuff thrown inside. I did love the fact that there was so much stuff in it... it was almost like a lasagna.I didn't get to try any other deep dish places in Chicago, but Lou Malnati's was pretty damn legit.Chicago deep dish is too fucking overrated.  Either that or Lou Malnati's is too fucking overrated. Or both.Pizza (The "Lou" and The "Malnati Chicago Classic"):There were only 4 types of deep dish to choose from, nothing creative-sounding. We ordered the two "gourmet" deep dishes because they were composed of more than two basic ingredients. After finishing the two pies, I felt like I'd just eaten at a nicer Pizza Hut.Dessert:I liked the Chocolate Chip Pizza. Chocolate chip cookie + ice cream always = happy ending unless you're allergic or hate the world, put it in a fun pizza pan and it's like magic for a big toddler like me.Regardless, I'm going to California Pizza Kitchen next time.I decided on my first trip to Chicago I needed to try the real deep dish pizza. After checking Yelp, we decided on Lou Malnati's.The place was busy and the hostess was quick to get our name and order in right away so we didn't have to wait long after being seated (now that's no nonsense service!). We were seated withing 10 minutes and our pizza arrived about 10 minutes later. We had the standard sausage/cheese pizza (I forget what it was labeled on the menu. The crust was buttery and thick (to be expected) but the toppings while deep, were not very flavorful. It tasted like a can of tomatoes instead of having the flavors of a prepared sauce. With the addition of pepper flakes it was fine. Unless you are a fan of deep dish pizza, I recommend trying out the many other restaurants in the area (hint hint - anything from Rick Bayless!).Are the people giving this place good reviews eating different pizza than me or have they never left Chicago and don't know any better?! I went to Lou Malnati's with the highest expectations, given its reputation. We ordered the classic deep dish pizza. Much to my disappointment, my first bite of Lou Malnati's was bland. The crust had clearly been frozen, then unfrozen before baking. The crust was stale instead of buttery. It tasted like a freezer. I might have been able to overlook how terrible the crust was (if I wasn't eating deep dish pizza where the crust is so prominent) if the toppings were great. But they weren't. The sauce needed salt. In fact, the only thing that had any flavor was the meat topping. I've had better frozen grocery store pizzas than whatever this was. Chicago has such amazing food that I won't be wasting anymore time eating frozen dough at Lou Malnati's in the future.My husband and I drove to the North side of Chicago to have some famous Chicago pizza. We were really hungry so we ordered the spinach cheese bread, a salad and deep dish pizza. Everything was delicious, and well worth the trip. One caveat- be very careful about where you park especially if you are visiting during "rush hour" which is designated between 4pm-6pm weekdays. We parked in a metered spot near the Humane Society which is around the corner. We finished our dinner and had a very unwelcome surprise when we discovered that our car had been towed away because the metered spots become tow-away zones during rush hour. To add insult to injury, the phone numbers on the parking meters were non helpful in helping us to locate our car. I was able to get the information that I needed from a nearby business. They handed me a paper with a map to the impound lot and they told me that this happens all the time! It cost us $160 impound fee+$60 parking ticket to get our car on the road again. I guess this is a major revenue source for Chicago, but I'd prefer to see Chicago from Sear's tower with a drink or 2 NOT from an impound lot!No Trip to Chicago is complete without a slice of some Deep Dish Pizza!Definitely make Lou's a point to stop at as it's completely shaken my world on what pizza is suppose to taste like!We came in on Sunday around 4pm and there was about a 30-40 minute wait. The good thing is that they take your order while your in line because the pizza itself takes 30-40 minutes to bake so by the time your seated you won't have to wait as long. Also you can get a drink or apps at the bar while you wait.We decided to order a small and I think that was a safe bet as being Deep Dish Virgins we were surprised by the monstrous size of a "small" 9inch deep dish = 4 slices.We ordered half pepperoni & anchovies and half tomatoes & mushrooms.OMG this is hands down the best pizza I've ever tasted! I have became a Deep Dish Convert! The flaky buttery crisp crust has changed my concept of what pizza crust should taste like. Our pie came out piping hot with that ooey gooey bubbly mozzarella and delicious rich tomato sauce piled on with our toppings, it's making my mouth water thinking about it!It was a delicious well worth it struggle to tackle those ginormous heavenly slices. I could barely finish my two slices!Finally for dessert our waiter surprised us with a Mini Chocolate Chip Pizza complete with Birthday Candle as we were celebrating our Birthday's in Chicago!A great ending to a fabulous meal!Overall a very memorable experience! Our waiter was very friendly and attentive despite the business of the restaurant and pizza. Food was amazing from start to finish! Definitely must a visit to Lou's a MUST!Yummy pizza.  This was my first time in Chicago, and the "Lou" deep-dish pizza certainly did not disappoint.  I must say though that I expected to be overwhelmed by the fragrance as soon as I walked in, the way that I am when I go to Zachary's Chicago-Style Pizza here in Berkeley, CA.  That did not happen.Was pretty disappointed by the pizza this time.  We got the Deluxe.  There just wasn't enough sauce or tomatoes to make it taste great.  And too thick or much of a crust. We ordered delivery, so maybe that impacted it.  But I seriously enjoyed Lou Malnati's more when I ordered it online on TastesofChicago.com and they flash froze and shipped it across the country.  This just was not good to me.On the upside, their salad was REALLY good.  The tomatoes they used are the same they used in Bruschetta it seemed. The bacon gave a nice bit of meat, and the blue cheese crumbles on the side and dressing were perfect to top.Next time for Deep Dish I'm gonna have to revisit the old other standbyes though.Sorry for only three stars, but Gino's East is better. I must admit I am from and live in Minnesota where the deep dish pizza offerings are well... sparse. I was in Chicago on business and my colleague and I went to here for some deep dish pizza last night. Don't get me wrong, it was very good. But I found Gino's to be a little better for the following reasons (in no order): Crust- Butter crust was good but a little thin and short. Sauce- Not enough Cheese- Not enough. When eating a deep dish pizza the cheese should stretch from the pizza on the plate all the way to your mouth. This did not. Sausage- The sausage was flavorful, but it was one big patty on the pizza. I prefer sausage crumbles. Like I said the Lou's deep dish pizza was good, but not as good as Gino's East. ( River North Location)As an out of town'er I had to see what the hype was all about surrounding "chicago" pizzas.  I turned to yelp to find the very best, and decided that Lou's was where I was headed.The service was top notch, with the server spending plenty of time with us explaining the different types of pizzas on the menu.  All I have to say is do not leave Lou's without ordering the Butter Crust on your pizza.  It's really an experience to behold lol.Overall, fantasic food, great beer selection, and friendly atmosphere.  If I lived in Chicago I'd eat here until my scale told me to stop. :)I had been anticipating this trip for quite a while.  I am a huge fan of deep dish and was very excited to try one of famous joints.  It did not disappoint.I had a sausage and pepperoni pie.  Sausage was juicy still.  Plenty of cheesy goodness.  Sauce was simple but delicious.  Can't put my finger on exactly why.  Crust was buttery and great.All in all, it lived up to the rep.  It was very crowded, but I guess that goes with the territory.I think Lou's is great deep dish pizza, but I've kind of grown sick of it. Just one piece is so filling, and the tomato-cheese style isn't that good to me anymore. The butter crust is excellent, though. I just prefer a bit more actual tomato sauce, and this is more about the cheese. However, the thin crust is good too. They have a great Lou's salad too- the dressing is awesome!Update August 2010: Been to Lou Malnati's many, many times - both dine in and carry out. I'm a thin-crust fan - the deep dish is just too filling for me. One of my favorite salads of anywhere is the Lou's Salad with their famous homemade dressing - a medium is perfect to share for 2 and so tasty! Still loyal to the thin-crust cheese with butter-crust and low-fat cheese (you can't even tell the difference.) Only complaint is coming to dine in on the weekend is madness - usually a 45 to an hour wait always. I ate at the bar - not nearly as comfortable or pleasant, but food just as good when you don't feel like waiting over an hour for a table.Terrible service - terrific pizza!We had a long layover in Chicago and had enough time to hop on a train, grab some deep dish pizza in downtown Chicago, and get back to the airport. We got to Lou Malnati's around 2:00 p.m. and the restaurant had only 3 other tables with customers. We were seated immediately because it was so empty.Our waiter took over 10 minutes to bring our menus and then another 10 minutes just to take our drink orders. After waiting over 5 minutes for him to bring me a drink, I began to look around for him. I found him in the kitchen talking to another waiter - all the while carelessly holding our drinks in his hands. We knew that deep dish pizza takes approximately 30 - 35 minutes to prepare so we counted on a long wait - but his inefficiency made our wait even longer. At one point while I was looking around for him -yes I had to get up to go look for him- he was standing in the kitchen eating cheese!  We thought about leaving but then we knew we'd not get any pizza anywhere - we didn't have another 30 - 35 minutes to wait at another restaurant. We could either stay and get bad service or leave and get no pizza at all.We decided to stay and I must say that the pizza is fabulous! Gooey, hot, flavorful and very filling. Their deep dish pizza truly is the best and it's very affordable. It came to about ten dollars a person. My advice is to place an order for pick up or take a Malnati's frozen pie home and cook it there if you can. Don't eat there if you like nice service.I definately think Lou's has the best deep dish for the chicago chains!I think I like their crust and the tangy tomato sauce!I have only been to this location once, a long time ago!So disappointed!  After hearing a bunch of reviews about how this is THE place for deep dish pizza in Chicago, I was really let down.  Maybe because it was overly hyped and I expected too much.  We tried the Lou (fresh spinach, mushrooms and sliced tomatoes covered with a blend of mozzarella, romano and cheddar cheese) and the Deluxe (Cheese, sausage, mushrooms, onions and green peppers).  I felt the pizzas were sort of watery and I couldn't quite figure out what was wrong.  I think the flavors just weren't strong enough?  We did spring for the buttercrust which was pretty good - I usually never eat the crust, but I liked it here.  The waiters are very friendly and the soda cups are HUGE!  Quite possibly the largest ones I have ever seen at a restaurant.Overall, the pizza here is ok, but I wouldn't make a special trip here and I certainly wouldn't call it the best deep dish in Chicago.Hands down best pizza in Chicago... a few of my friends suggested that I come here for Chicago style pizza and said it's better than Gino's and Giordano's. I completely agree! My second stint in Chicago lead me to go there with a new set of friends that I made... we all walked there in a group... BUT the wait was over an hour and we were starving!One of our friends, Chip, kinda recognized the name, but not entirely... because if you say Lou Minalti's fast it doesn't sound like it's a person's name... let alone 2 separate words. When he recognized the logo, he said, "oh this is Lou Malnati's" I've had this before... it's amazing!" yea yea, tell me something I don't know Chip... the wait was too long so we just went next door for some bar food... kinda sucks when you're so close! but yet so far!....Did I mention that it's the best pizza in Chicago... 5 stars... easy!Really great Chicago-style deep dish pizza. Sausage is their staple and it comes in patties rather than little balls of meat. I ordered for delivery and it came about 15 minutes early - a welcome surprise! I also ordered the stuffed spinach bread, which I probably liked even better than the pizza. It's a mini bread loaf filled with cheesy, spinach-y, garlicky goodness.Only issue was that I literally felt like I was going to die after eating all that cheese. Enjoy in moderation!The deep dish here is a fav. The crust is the best part. It actually has flavor, not like eating a hunk of tasteless hard bread (which I hate). The sauce flavor isn't too strong but has chunky pieces of tomatoes.It takes awhile (like most deep dish pizzas) but worth the wait.I think the thin has decent crust, and cheese is a bit different (but in a good way), but if you aren't really really into meat (as in pork) I'd skip the sausage. They put on huge pieces of this.If you're looking for a good family place, try the one on the far north side, Lincolnwood. It's spacious and decorated with tons of interesting sports stuff, no lines.I think the deep dish is similar to Gino's East but the crust has a bit better flavor, and is slightly pricier than Gino's East.3 stars.......why?  Because I can and because I have DEF. had better pizza.  As a Chicagoan.....naturally, I'm a fan of the deep dish pizza.  I adore other spots' pies, but it's unfortunate that I didn't like Lou's.  It was hyped up since it is a sister company of Pizano's.  Pizano's actually has a delicious butter crust.  I tasted no butter on Lou's self-described butter crust.  I guess I can come back and try it again, as I'm an equal opportunity pizza-lovah.I only had Uno's and Giordano's before Lou Malnati's.  Lou Malnati's was the freshest tasting one but surprisingly the butter crust was not all that special.I didn't like Giordano's the first time I had it because I thought it was too cheesy.  I was hankering for some more cheese with Lou Malnati's.  I seriously thought the deep dish was all about the cheese!What's good about Lou's:Good sauce, tasty cheese, the sausage covered the whole pie(if you like that)What's can be improved:Little more cheese, and a little more sauce. I really could have used a little less sausage but I could resist eating all that was offered.  Garlic is so good in deep dish pizza (and everything else. =) )I ordered delivery and asked what the delivery charge was and she said it was included in the price of the pie.  I saw on my receipt that it was $3.50 after I already paid another $5 in tips.  Also, I gave them my CC # info on the phone and the driver had me down for cash.  I had to pay cash....Two words sum up why I love Lou Malnati's pizza - butter crust.  That butter crust is fantastic.  Crunchy, rich in flavor.  So good.  Their Minestrone soup is OK and the salads are pretty good for a pizzeria.  I can't speak to the other dining options (sandwiches and pasta, etc.) but the pizza is good.  I like both the thin crust and the deep dish.The ambience does nothing for me since I don't much care about sports and the TVs can be distracting to me but the pizza is fantastic.  I grew up in the city but went to college in Boston and my mother used to send me Lou's pizza packed in dry ice (shipping their pizzas in the continental US is a service they offer) and it was great when I missed home.It all came down to HYPE.  ... so my co-workers (one is from Chicago) would tell me this restaurant is the best place for pizza in Chicago.  ... the people in Chicago would tell me this is the best place for pizza in Chicago.  ... the people that were leaving the restaurant told us that this restaurant is the best place for pizza in ChicagoAnd then we sat inside, had the original deep dish pizza, and I don't know.  All I could think of at that moment were either Pizza Hut or BJ's pizza.  It was all the same, nothing new, nothing special to me.  It was good, but not mind-blowing.To answer the debate NY style or Chicago deep dish, I am going to go w/ NY.  But if you ever want to try Chicago deep dish, definitely check this place out.  Stupid BJ's brewery and Pizza Hut gave me the impression deep dish pizza was a very bready pizza.  Real Chicago deep dish is layers of cheese and toppings and sauce.  This is a very heavy meal.  I can eat, and eating three slices for me was a task.  Listen to the menu when it says serves 2 or 3 and so forth.  Unless you're kobayashi or joey chestnut.I would definitely want to eat this again.  The anchovies are good too!Great service. Excellent chicago deep dish. We ordered one pizza and shared it between four ravenous girls. Half of us weren't able to finish our slices because they were so big. However, I must note that the slices weren't as big or thick as the ones offered at Pizzeria Uno. Despite that, I liked Lou Malnati's better in comparison to taste.The salad was HUGE. We shared it between the four of us and we were able to get at LEAST 2 platefuls for each of us. Note - the restaurant is SMALL. It's shaped like a corridor. Be prepared for a wait. Attire - casual.Bathrooms - small, featuring two stalls. Although the space was tight, the place was still clean.This pizza was pretty bomb.  I like it more than Gino's.  I think the crust was less... pie crust like than Ginos which I liked.  I had the sausage and veggie pizzzas, all really good.  Very cheesy and really BUTTERY, you can jsut smell the butter once the pizza comes out.  So it made it taste really good but I"m sure not too great for my health.   A little splurge once in a while can't hurt! :)Popular among families and tourists who want to sample some Chicago style pizza but good for locals too.The restaurant has a pretty nice atmosphere, all in all.  It gets busy but the tables are spacious and the dining areas sectioned off into smaller outcroppings.  The set up really seems to help the servers work more productively so they're not constantly running into each other.  It also breaks up the crowds so you're not sitting in a room with fifty other people, instead you may only be surrounded by four or five tables each seating two to four people.The deep dish pizza pretty much rocks, and I don't even really like pizza.  The buttered crust is tasty but very thick and hearty.  I suggest requesting extra tomato sauce on the pizza since they come over flowing with cheese and it makes them a bit too dry without.  And trust me, a small is big enough for most two person parties, especially if you're ordering a side or an appetizer.  Lou's Salad, a house specialty, is awesome.  A big old Caesar with grated cheese, black olives, crotons and lots of fresh romaine lettuce.The prices are very fair, given the popularity of the restaurant.  An excellent place to shop in for lunch.They had amazing deep dish pizza. The butter crust (caroline K loves it too), was out of this world. You can come up with any kind of combination to put on your pizza and they deliver every time. I did not have a great experience with the thin-crust but the deep dish is why you go to Lou's place. The flavors meld together very well to make a pizza that is better than that of Giordano's. However...not better than Gino's.Whenever someone visits me or my gf, we take them to one place: Lou Malnati's.  For that reason, I go to Lou's almost 3-4 times a month!Get the Malnati salad. everyone else likes their pizza, but the salad is my favorite!  It is the best salad I have ever had in my entire life. And it bumps this rating from a 3 to a 4.  For Deep Dish, get the Lou. I'm not a fan of their other deep dish specials.  Don't get Thin Crust anything.  I've tried it and it sucks even compared to Domino's. I usually call ahead and pre-order a Deep Dish Lou, get the Malnati salad and their enormous sodas. Prepare to wait during dinner hours on the weekends!  There's no wait for lunch during the week.Out of the two pizzeria's we tried (Gino's and this place) I found Lou Malnati's superior.We ordered the "Chicago Classic" and the "Lou".  We also had chicken wings which were great.The main reason I preferred Lou's over Gino's is the crust.  It was buttery and flaky.  I also thought the ingredients were more plentiful and fresh compared to Gino's.I can't wait to come back and have another slice!My first experience with authentic chicago deep dish pizza.  I'm from CA so a good pizza is hard to find.  Our table consisted of 4 adults and 2 toddlers.  We ordered "The Lou" and "The Malnati Chicago Classic".  We ordered both LARGE sizes for both pizzas.  That was a bad idea! haha these pizzas are thick.  The Malnati Chicago Classic was the better pizza to me.  The sausage on top and tomato sauce was great.  The crust and rest of the pizza was really hard.  So hard that one of my friends cousins sitting at another table chipped the crown on her tooth and needed to see  a dentist the very next day!  The pizza was good but not as good as I expected.DO: Pre order or call in your order 20-30 min ahead of time.DON'T: Go in big groups, the location has 2 stories but space seemed very limited.EDIT:My original rating was only 2 stars (I'll leave my first review up there).  I've added 2 more stars to my rating after experience their outstanding customer service.  I guess their customer service department read my review.  They sent me a private message apologizing for my unsatisfactory experience and asked for my phone number.  The manager of this location called me personally to apologize and sent me a couple pizzas from Chicago to Los Angeles!  This time around the pizza/crust was not hard and impossible to cut at all (and it was mailed to me frozen), the toppings were still great.  I was very surprised and impressed by their effort to satisfy their customers.  Yay! I'm a fan!Maybe I'm just an out of towner who doesn't know good pizza, but this just wasn't good.  The huge crowd outside totally made me think this pizza would be crazy good, but it was just meh.  I got the Chicago Classic and the three cheese bread.  You could tell the ingredients were fresh, but that's the only good thing I can say about the food.  I could have lived the rest of my life without trying Chicago's famous deep dish pizza and not felt like I missed out on anything.The stars are more for the service.  The staff seemed pretty capable at handling the huge crowd and they were very friendly and efficient.One of the best restaurant experiences I've had in a long time!I'm from Southern California, and choices for Chicago-style pizza are few and far between. When I was planning a trip to Chicago, I had to do my research and make sure I try the best in town. Let me tell you, I was not disappointed!My girlfriend and I started with the Malnati's salad...she said it was one of the best she's tried and I highly agree. We also ordered the stuffed spinach bread to start, and it was equally incredible. The pizza was of course the main attraction, and it lived up to every high expectation. With a tall glass of soda, nothing in a long time has tasted so good. The Malnati Chicago Classic pizza is pure decadence...one slice was very filling. Little did we know that the dessert was equally astounding. Back in California we have this chain called BJ's Chicago Style pizza, and it has this chocolate chip pizza with vanilla ice cream. I saw it on the menu here and I had to try it...boy it was so much better here. The quality of ingredients is so much higher and much more generous.I know that whenever I come back to the city, I will be paying this place a visit. Worth every penny!Lou Malnati's wins it in Chicago. Giordano's, Uno - they don't compare to Lou.  Their pizza tastes better, their service is amazing, and the decor is way more unique.  There is a wait to get seated here, but once you're in, the food and the service beats it.  And the decor of the place - old school jerseys from some of history's best athletes on the walls.  We had deep dish pizza!  We had this amazing salad (sorry I forgot the name) that couldn't be beat anywhere else.If you're ever in Chicago, you definitely need to check this place out. Great cozy atmosphere and awesome pizza.People swoon over Malnati's. I don't. It won't kill you. Review complete.Being from San Diego, pizza like this doesn't exist. From what I have gathered, there is 3 big players of pizza in Chicago, Lou Malnati's, Gino's east, and Giordano's pizza. Or these are the famous ones that everyone talks about at least. So far, I've eaten at two, Lou's and Giordano's. Lines were never an issue as my trip was in January and I would either eat early or late. So I had two things working in my favor, time and season. Lou's was my favorite of the two. You HAVE to get the butter crust. It wasn't overly flaky or dry. It was crispy and yet saturated in butter. It was amazing. The cheese oozed out and really melted in your mouth. The interior was nice wood architecture and tile. They had some cool jerseys that were signed and on the walls. Besides the food and the decor, the staff was all super nice. Every person was really friendly and made the visit really pleasant.Giordano's was a great pizza. It wasn't as good as Lou's but it was still really good. The crust is thick and a dominant feature in the pizza. It was very flaky. I liked having the butter crust from Lou's more. The cheese was good but it wasn't as succulent as Lou's. I will say, that Giordano's had better sauce. It was really sweet and tasty. I thought it was a great flavor for pizza. The service was really good but it didn't stand out like the service did at Lou's. Anyways, There is my comparison. Both places are great pizzas, have great service, and are something you should try. Lou's was my choice but everyone is different.One of the things that I had to try when I planned a trip to Chicago was the deep dish pizza. Lou's came highly recommended. We waited about 35 minutes and our food came shortly after. We started with an appetizer of breaded mushrooms, which could have used some seasoning, but I guess that's why it's served with dressing. The mushrooms were fresh and juicy though. We also ordered "The Lou" (spinach, mushrooms and sliced tomatoes with mozzarella, romano and cheddar cheese.) and the "The "Malnati Chicago Classic" (lean sausage, vine-ripened tomato sauce on our famous Buttercrust). There were a lot of tomatoes on The Lou, but not enough spinach and mushrooms. For dessert, we had the baked chocolate chip cookie with ice cream and whipped cream. It's a pretty standard dessert, but it was really good.Overall, the pizza was good, but I wasn't wowed. We didn't have time to try deep dish pizza anywhere else, so I have nothing to compare it to except Uno's Bar and Grill.Still recovering from my recent trip to Giordano's, I decided to give Chicago deep dish another go. After much deliberation my girlfriend and I agreed upon Lou Malnati's, another reputable, local franchise. When we arrived at the only nearby location which opened its doors before 4pm, we were amazed to discover the uncanny resemblance it bared to both Giordano's and the scores of Pizzeria Uno restaurants we had visited in the past. Prior to out venture to Chicago, we made the assumption that Pizzeria Uno was a watered down version of true Chicago-style deep dish. While we have often enjoyed Uno's, we dreamed of discovering Chicago's deep dish equivalent to Difara's, a place that crafts a truly special pie.We enjoyed Lou Malnati's, but found the pizza comparable in nearly every respect to that of Pizzeria Uno. It was good, but nothing to write home about. If Lou Malnati's is truly among Chicago's best, then we are mystified by the ongoing debate between Chicagoans and New Yorkers regarding their native pies. I want to make clear that I do not praise New York pizza simply because it's my hometown. I will proudly wave the flag of any pizzeria regardless of the city, state, country or planet from which it came (see my review of Grimaldi's in Tucson), providing the taste is worthy of such acclaim, but Lou Malnati's simply wasn't that good.Hand's down this is the best, by far the best pizza I have ever had.  When going here, you must order the butter crust pizza and please for the love of god do yourself a favor and if you like sausage at all, make it one of your ingredients.I've gone there during the day and during the evening (on weekdays) and have never had any wait whatsoever.  The pizza takes a little while to cook, but it is surely worth it, so sit back and order a couple drafts and let the good times roll.I recommend this to anyone and everyone, especially someone who has never had a true Chicago Style Pizza.  My mouth is watering, just writing this.This won't be a popular opinion in Chicago, but I had the Lou Classic and I have had various deep dish pizzas in San Francisco (Little Star being the best) and so far SF holds the lead.  The pizza was good, but I can't say there was anything special about this particular deep dish pizza.  Way over oily due to the cheese and the butter crust was fine but nothing to rave about.There are more cabs in Chicago than deep dish pizza places ... but not many more.  Deep dish pizza has become the ubiquitous menu entry in far too many restaurants who care far too little about the craft of preparation.  Lou Malnati's is my choice when I decide that I really need to do deep dish.  Here are my three reasons:1) Malnati Chicago Classic - Sausage pizza where the sausage is a thin slab that covers the bottom of the pizza.  Sausage with substance.  Even better is the buttercrust, which manages to support a deep dish offering without being the layer of rigid particle board you get on so many other deep dish crusts.   Can deep dish pizza be light?  This might be as close as it gets to that gustatory oxymoron.2) It's Not Pizzeria Uno -   I actually like Pizzeria Uno.  I like it in Detroit, in Ohio, in California, in Vermont.   Why do common when uncommon is just down on Wells.  3) 30% Less Touristy - Sure there are out of town visitors here, but it doesn't have the feel of a place that ONLY tourists would visit. I also ordered the Malnati salad.  OK.  Not sure I'd make it my first choice again.Absurdly good pizza. I'm glad I came to Chicago for this kind of food. After we landed in Chicago for our little trip, my friend and I locked up our stuff at the Hostel, and rushed to try the nearest, high rated, deep dish pizza place. And we definitely weren't disappointed. We ordered a pizza for 3-4 people because we figured we hadn't eaten lunch, it was 4pm, and we were two decently hungry dudes. We ended up taking home a third of it, since the pizza was so ridiculously thick. I didn't understand how there could literally be a LAYER of sausage topped by almost half-inch layer of cheese. HALF AN INCH. Ok I didn't exactly measure it but that's what it felt like.If I ever visit Chicago again, I am definitely hitting up this place to relive the Lou Malnati's experience.The pizza and cheese bread was really good! Great food here. Not only was the pizza good but you can tell they are very focused on customer service... Example: We ordered personal pizzas and by mistake one of the other waiters grabbed my fiances pizza for another table. My pizza came out and our waiter continued to apologize. It didn't bother us, these things happen sometimes. He offered us something for free while we waited, but we were fine. At the end of our meal (we had not complained at all, we were very laid back about everything) the waiter told us that the manager was going to take care of BOTH of our pizzas because of the mix up. I told him not to worry about it, but he insisted. Great food + great customer service = great ratingIt was decent Chicago-style pizza. Does not measure up to Giordanos or Uno, but i like deep dish (ie really thick crust) pizza. It is more like Chicago-style pizza that you would get in other cities. The filling is a little soggy. You will wait an hour on average for a table. The salads are great - recommend the Malnotti salad. Waitstaff are very friendly.They do indeed deliver to my work.  They also saved our lives when three little greasaholics needed fried cheddar cubes and the Wicker Park one doesn't have those.I've been here and Giordano's and Uno's (not one in Chicago though).  The sausage pizza was great - sausages the size of a slider.  The cheese was gooey and plentiful.  The "Lou" wasn't nearly as good, but it gave me some veggies.  The service was good and helpful.  Come get your fix of Chicago deep dish.  It's good.  Oh yea, I had 4 slices, and was done eating for the day.As a new Chicagoean, I can't say I know where you can get the "BEST" deep dish--but I must say this was pretty damn good. We ordered The Lou (spinach, mushrooms, tomatoes + mozaarella, romano, & cheddar cheese), and it was DEE-LISH-USHHHH. The crust was crisp and buttery (probably why it was so damn good), and the toppings fill your mouth in a cheesy, scrumptious mess. It's not overwhelming like some of the deep dish I've had in the past. I only have Gino's East to compare this to---and I liked Lou Malnati's WAY better! =P''OH and the prices were very reasonable---split a large Lou plus a pitcher of beer w/3 people, and only paid $13 inc. tip. Sweet (salty? cheesy? caloric?) deal!My first trip to Chicago and my first taste of real deep dish pizza.  AMAZING.  My boss and I were on a business trip and we Yelp'd good pizza places in the city.  When we saw the pictures and read the reviews, we were sold - Lou Malnati's it was!  We both ordered the Malnati Chicago Classic pizza with a side order of three-cheese bread.  No wonder the low carb diet doesn't work for me!  Anyway, Malnati's famous "Buttercrust" did not dissapoint!  It was absolutely delicious!  The sausage was so tasty and the tomato sauce and cheese were just right.  It was the perfect pizza.This pizza by far surpasses any pizza I've had in California.  My only regret is that I didn't take any pizza home!I dined at this restaurant twice the week I was in Chicago for business. On my first visit, I had the 9" Malnati Chicago Classic, which was recommended by the bartender. It took a while to prepare, however the wait was worth it. The pizza was tasty, the gooey cheese stayed on the slices, and the top sausage layer was thick flavorful, not spicy. The thick Buttercrust was delicious and had a perfect light-crunch consistency. Also, you can really appreciate the fresh tomato sauce. I ordered the pizza with a small house salad w/ the House Red Wine Vinaigrette dressing on the side. A very good salad dressing.On my second visit, I order the minestrone soup and a The "Lou" 6" individual pizza. This pizza was good, but not as special as the M. Chicago Classic. The cheese fell of the slices and was difficult to eat and enjoy, as the slices are very small. I recommend sticking to the 9" pan pizzas if you are ordering for one. The soup came out right away, it was hot and had plenty of pasta in it, not watery or light on the ingredients.You had me at giant-sausage-patty-that-covers-the-entire-pizza..­..*drool*Coming from the west coast, I've never really had deep dish pizza other than the greasy mess from Pizza Hut. But on my cousin's recommendation, hubs and I trekked through the snow during our weekend in Chicago for something hot and cheesy.Did I mention the buttery crust? What. The. F*ck. Where have you been all my life?We ordered the small and could barely finish it. Looking back, I should've just forced myself to eat that last bite. Dammit.Ah!   Deep dish pizza!   How can I not get pizza when I am in Chicago for the first time?   After settling on Lou's (since my Mom saw it on the Food Network recently) and being completely famished (having run the Urbanathalon earlier that morning) we got there and waited.   Which I can deal with since this place does have things thought out, as while you are waiting you have already ordered the nommy pizza and it is in the oven beginning the process to heading to your eventually to be allocated table.   There was still a wait even when we got to the table and got our orders of beer and apps in, but it wasn't that long.  And so worth it.  This is some serious heavy and delicious pizza.  We ordered 3 of the signature pizza's for our group of 9 and we had more than enough food.  We even had something that some people refer to as "leftovers" (something that is quite alien to my family) at the end.  Everyone left quite satisfied.Total wait time before table was 45 minutes and another 20 or so at the table.4.5 Great crust but not really thick enough.. Cheese and sauce were great.. Calamari below average..best pizza out of giordanos and pizanos..Soo flavorful.. Would kill for a pie of this in Florida.. This might've convinced me that Chicago has NY beat in the pizza deptI was arriving from LA into O'Hare and found that they were dying the river green the day I got back.  I called up one of my buddies from college and we went to grab ourselves some Chicago-style deep dish pizza.  My friend recommended this place and it was a knock out of the park.Surprisingly, I think this was the first time I might have had green beer anywhere for St. Patty's Day.  It was some Blue Moon.  Wasn't quite the ephemeral experience I was hoping for, but hey, it was beer and it tasted like it.  It did the job and I didn't feel super different than a Blue Moon without the dye.Say whatever about the beer...it washed down some great pizza.  I was starving and these pies surely hit the spot.  The butter crust was amazing and the pizza was well worth the wait (we waited about 20-30 minutes for the two of us, but then again on St. Patty's Day in mid afternoon during March Madness, I'd say it was pretty good, because the line was way longer when we left).  I could see why it was the "original" and one of the hottest venues to come for the deep dish pizza.I was going to drive back to Michigan that night, but crashed at my friend's place nearby to recover...for the tourist looking to find the Chicago Deep Dish pizza, highly recommend you check out Lou's.  Next time I find myself in the Chi again, I'd come back here.Let me begin by saying that I'm from Kansas City. While I love me some Chicago style deep dish -- and when I'm in CHI I get it at least once -- I'm in no way an expert on the topic. A hem...I really enjoyed the veggie deep-dish pie I had this weekend. We got it for carry out so we could eat it on the train home to KC and I'm glad we did. The veggies were clearly fresh, and it had a lot of cheese and tons of flavor. They're heavy handed with the garlic at this joint, just the way I like it. The crust seemed to me to be a perfect balance of the yellow corn meal (coughGinoscough) and bready yeast dough (coughGiordanoscough) that I've come to know and love. And considering we had to wait a full hour before devouring this little gem, it held up really well, it still had great texture in all the right places and didn't get soggy. The (highly unstable) dried herbs that were included as toppings were a nice little bonus.Thanks Lou. We'll see ya next time.Met up with some friends while in Chicago and we checked out Lou Mal's. Of course, it goes without saying this is already the best deep dish based on their reputation. I've also had some in Austin because they ship it frozen all over the world.Well - in person it's even better. It's hot, fresh, and the crust and sausage is to DIE for. There's something about the crust that's flaky and amazing (probably TONS of butter). We ordered a large Malanati's special which is basically crust sauce cheese and sausage. We had 1/3 of a pie left over after we all had 2 slices. I'm going to try and smuggle it back to Austin in my carryon.If you're in Chicago, find a Lou Mal's and enjoy yourself. The wait is long because they don't take a reservation, but if you can sneak a seat at the bar you not only meet some cool folks and sassy bartenders, but have a nice drink and enjoy your pizza!Oh Lou's how I miss you.  Simply as good as it gets....if the buttercrust pizza had legs I would propose marriage.Crispy, gooey, buttery, sausage'y awesomeness!Great service, came here on a Friday for lunch. Waitress was very friendly and attentive. Would defiantly return!Just as you must get a cheesesteak each time you visit the City of Brotherly Love, you must get deep dish pizza when you stop by the Windy City.  I had been a Gino's East guy, but as I have been schooled by those in the know, I decided to try Lou's.  We were seated quickly and decided to get the large pepperoni and sausage.  There were four of us, lest you think I am a competitive eater.  We also tried the pitchers of 321, which is a great wheat beer, and local to boot.  The pizza came and my arteries hardened in anticipation.  It was gooey and large and glorious.  We ordered the butter crust, which apparently is trademarked.  I couldn't tell anything remarkably different about it.  But the pizza was good, and I will be back.After extensive research on the subject, I decided that the Chicago deep dish pizza we would try in our three day trip would be from Lou Malnati's.  When I then saw that Bobby Flay had chosen this restaurant for one of his challenges, I knew I'd made the right decision.  The plan was to go for our dinner Sunday night, but alas due to the terrible sunburn/heat exhaustion I was suffering from, we decided to stay in for the rest of the day.  So we ordered delivery!  We got the Malnati Chicago Classic (sausage with buttercrust), and added in mushrooms and spinach.  The only problem with our plan was our lack of plates, and with deep dish pizza plates are pretty important.  We managed to make our way though, and enjoyed our bounty of cheesy deliciousness.It was pretty darn good, I can't lie.  The difficulty eating it detracted from my experience a little, as did my discomfort (damn my ghostly skin!), but I could still appreciate that this was more than just a pie filled with cheese and toppings.  The sauce is flavoured wonderfully, and the crust was fantastic.  It was a bit of calorie-and-artery-clogging-overload for me though, and I couldn't manage more than one slice.  This is definitely a once in a loooong time kinda meal, but it's worth checking out.  All in all, great deep dish pizza but make sure you have a plate (and possibly cutlery) to eat it with!I got the deep dish pizza "Lou" which had tomatoes, mushrooms and spinach; and it was okay. Maybe because everyone hyped up this place so my expectations were really high. The dough was a little soggy and the pizza for me was a little too cheesy. My family shared the Chicago classic and they loved it! they loved the sausage! We also got cheese bread, house salad, and calamari they were all okay. was not the best thing i ever had. **tip** you can order the deep dish pizza early before getting seated because it takes about 45mins to cookI picked this place over Giordinos because of the better reviews but I don't know if it was worth the .7 mile walk when Gio's was a mere three blocks away... but alas, it is what it is.This was my third pizza meal in the span of three days so perhaps I was just a bit bored by this time but Lou's was just okay for me.  I was hoping for "The BEST Deep Dish" in Chicago to wow - bao - blow - mao - away but it didn't.We ordered ahead but still had to wait a good 15 mins before the food arrived.  Service was good though and we didn't have to wait.Great pizza.  Many fellow yelpers recommend this as the "best pizza" in Chicago.  I'm not sure if that's true, since I have a limited sample size (i.e., one), but Lou Malnati's does make a good deep dish pizza!  Lots of tasty cheese and sauce, and the crust is tasty!  I liked how we were able to pre-order our pizza prior to seating so that it would be ready faster once we actually got our table.  We also shared a Malnati salad, which I would say was just above-average on the tastiness scale.Service was friendly, but slow.  I attribute that to the full-house, but still, you think they'd be able to compensate by hiring more people if that's a persistent problem.As an aside, the restaurant is LOUD.  We could barely hear each other at the table.  Probably not great for an early date place, unless you intend to never date each other again or just don't have much to talk about.4-stars for the excellent pizza, which is really the main attraction here (obviously).I'm from LA. I know nothing of deep dish pizza.My girlfriend and I visited Chicago on our anniversary trip and went to Lou Malnati's and picked up a pepperoni and sausage pizza and brought it back to our hotel.We ate it in our hotel bed and got crumbs and tomato sauce all over the sheets. Who cares, it's not ours.I tend to favor New York style thin crust pizza personally and I was a little taken aback by the tomato sauce being on top of the toppings, but I have to say the crust was delicious and the pizza was amazing.We ate it throughout the night and again for breakfast the next morning. It's crazy how filling it is. 1-2 slices and you're done.We did try pizza from Art of Pizza too for comparisons sake. It was nowhere near as good.Yum! I dig the pizza here! The sauce is like magic in my mouth (or I probably thought that because I was starving all day when I got to Lou Malnati's)...I could totally taste the freshness in it and maybe some hint of wine in there too! I got the spinach mix (cooked with delicious garlic and onions) with cheese, which to that I say it's delicious. However I don't know if I can tell the crust was buttery because I ordered it with buttery crust for my pizza (individual-sized), and it came out a bit too hard and crunchy. Is that how it's supposed to be, Chicago people? Please help me, the tourist, out on this! I am not sure if the waitress didn't hear me right when I gave her my order, and might have forgotten to put that in? I don't know...The cheese did help me to eat it all. The dessert with the fresh baked cookie and ice cream taste pretty good when it was exactly out of the oven! But I got the individual order, so it's actually quite tiny for my preference. Not sure if I would highly recommend it for the price of the individual size......but I still recommend trying the pizza! It is definitely NOT like UNO's chains. However, do keep in mind that the cooking time will be a while (30- 45 min to make), so try to distract your hunger with something else if you dont want to eat too much beforehand! I came here around 5-ish on Friday, and by the time I was done with my meal, the place was packed with people coming in for dinner hour (sardines in a can)!O HOW I LOVE DEEP DISH PIZZA.this is as good as it gets when it comes to deep dish... and for all the east coasters saying that we shouldn't even call this pizza... GET OVER YOUR EAST COAST THINKING! chicago style and NY style are completely different beasts... they are however both PIZZAS!! just like how mercedes and bmw are completely different... but both are CARS! (ok... that's not the greatest analogy but i don't care)now to the food. i absolutely love the buttered crust. i mean... how can buttered anything be a bad thing? the combination of the crust, sauce and toppings make for an orgasmic experience in your mouth. a lot of people dislike deep dish because it makes you so full after one slice. I on the other hand like to feel full... like real full. i always eat until the food is right at my chest and if someone were to punch me i'd throw it all up. i LOVE this feeling of feeling full and satisfied. the great thing is that they deliver nationwide... but it's just not the same. the pie is much smaller and the topping options are limited.Without a doubt my favorite Chicago pizza.  Giordanos is too cheesy for my tastes, but this gets the ratio between tomato sauce and cheese just right for me.The real standout though, is the sausage pizza.  We are not talking about your normal pizza, with rat droppings scattered meagerly around your pie.  Nay, this is more like a sausage patty, in which every bite contains a good helping of meat.  Doesn't get better than that.I live in California, sooo how did I get the chance to try some pizzas from the awesome Lou Malnati's?My colleagues had been in Chicago a few weeks back for a trade show that had lasted 3-4 days. Apparently, they had dined at LM's more than just a few times during the course of their trip (this was the location they had visited) - this already says a lot about this place! LM's left such an impression on my boss, that he wanted to order some for the office! How AWESOME is it that they deliver nationally?!?! My boss ordered the Best Value (6 small-9" pizzas for 99.95). We got the 3 pepperoni/3 sausage; we ordered on Wednesday and they were delivered to us on Friday morning, still frozen thanks to the awesome styrofoam box and dry ice! The moment our treasure trove was delivered, we opened it immediately and popped one into our toaster oven. The cook time was 45 minutes so as it was cooking and the aura of pizza heaven wafted our office, we were all ready to eat when it was done! As soon as it was done, we popped in a second pizza to cook while we ate.Now, imagine this: one small 9" pizza that is meant to serve two adults was divvied up to serve five adults. It was pretty much a sampler, but as we had our pizza cooking-rotation system going on, we were all well fed by the end of the day (we went through 2.5 pizzas)!The pizza cooked wonderfully with cheesy mozzarella and a golden buttery crust.  My favorite part/ingredient is probably their tomato sauce: it had chunks of tomato in it!! Unlike any other Chicago-style pizzas I've had in California (Zachary's in Berkeley and Lefty's in San Diego), LM's pizzas are simple yet delicious. They're not so salty that you're gulping water every few bites, and not stuffed with other filler ingredients; you can taste all of the components of their pizza.I'm so glad we still have three more pizzas sitting in our office freezer to save us the trip to Chi town! :PI absolutely loved the Lou Malnati's deep dish pizza.  I frequently skip the crust when I'm eating pizza but with the butter crust here it is one of the best parts of the meal.  Our table of five split the big salad, a "Lou" pizza (vegetable toppings) and the "Classic" (sausage).  Take advantage of the pre-ordering when there is a long wait.  We showed up a little after 6pm on a Friday night and there was more than an hour long wait.  We put our order with the hostess so we were able to have our pizza on our table within 10 minutes of being seated.  Good thing too, because I was starving!I am a pizza connoisseur. My favorite is NY pizza, like one would find at Grimaldi's in NYC. But I am a worldly guy and since I don't have the pleasure of living in NYC, then I have had to learn to adapt to other styles of pizza.In April, I visited Chicago. I wanted to get some of that Chicago deep, thick pizza. I'd been to the chains like Pizzeria Uno, which really didn;t float my boat but bloated my tummy! I'd eat the stuff, but it wasn't that great.Anyway, a taxi driver, who seemed pretty cool, told me to go to Lou Malnati's. I did as I was advised, and man, I'm glad I did! It was yummy! Big and thick and lots of cheese and tomatoes!I heard there was bad service here, but our waitress was great. She knew I was a damn tourist but she was nice to me anyway. She asked me where I was from and I proudly told her I was from Fresno, and she look so confused! Said to me, "I didn't know people in Fresno talked like people from Texas!"Well, anyway, I enjoyed my visit to Lou Malnati's. I'm sure if I lived in Chicago this would become a regular stop.If you are visiting Chicago and want to try the pizza, go here. You won't be sorry.On my second trip to Chicago, I decided to try Lou Malnati's since I tried Giordano's last time and I have to say that Lou Malnati's  fans win- it's definitely a better pizza!Slow service but delicious pizza!As if this place needs another 5 star review... But I love pizza and Lou's is by far the absolute BEST pizza I have ever eaten.  Every time I visit Chicago this is a must stop.Their crust is so crispy and the butter they put on it puts it over the top, besides the fact of how it amazes me that is holds up with the massive deep dish that sits in top it.  I love the sauce, I love everything about this pizza.  It's the perfect pizza, Nd or is probably a good thing I don't live near one because I would be on a first name basis with the staff if I did...Probably couldn't get an order right if you held a gun to their heads.  Unbelievably bad service for ordering out.  When the order was screwed up, we had to call in TWICE to find out when it would be resent.  If you want to avoid headaches and waiting two hours for your order (despite promises of 15-20 min tops), avoid dealing with these morons.This place rocks. I came in and ordered a personal sausage and cheese pizza. I noticed the sauce immediately. I tried another place earlier in the week and was no where close to this. You can tell they take pride in making good food and the atmosphere is great as well. Chicago people are great.Living in LA I doubt I'll find something like it, but I'll be back a few times at least on my next trip. This is the real stuff.Awesome Chicago deep dish pizza! The portions are just right and the prices are reasonable. I also really love their Chicken Club salad. Also really enjoyed the fried zucchini and stuffed spinach bread as appetizers. And the drinks aren't too bad in terms of price and alcohol content.I went one night and actually came back the next just because I enjoyed the food that much!Be aware, though, that the wait can be a bit long on weekend nights. I was by myself on a Friday night and still had to wait 20 minutes for a spot at the bar.A friend and I were on vacation in Chicago, and of course, you can't go to Chicago without trying deep dish pizza. This was our second attempt at Chicago style pizza and by far my favorite. Another friend kept telling me to try this pizza, "You gotta try deep dish at Lou Malnati's.", "You gotta go to Lou Malnati's.", "Go to Lou Malnati's, it's so good!" So we went.We were starving and first ordered some cheesy garlic bread...big pieces and we ate the whole thing. Then we got a pepperoni deep dish. The crust was so delicious. I think it had cornmeal in it. It was crispy and crunchy. The sauce was really good as was the pep! I definitely recommend if you are visiting Chicago.Go to Giordano's, forget this place.First of all, the waitress pushed food and drinks like a used car salesman.  She was super annoying.  Ordered their special salad, Mistake..Deep dish pizza with sausage, wasn't very good either.PASSService: 30 min wait on a Sunday night. Service was a 2 star but I've only been there once, still worth it because of the food though.Food: ordered the classic and added olives. Large says it feeds 4 but more like 5. Tons of cheese and the slices are thick. We ordered the bbq chicken salad with ranch and it was an AMAZING salad. Order those 2 and your family of 5 should be fullIf the service we had was better it would of got 5 starsAfter 2 days of being in Chicago and having fate vow to star-cross my friends and I from getting deep dish (ie...Teacher's protesting down Michigan Avenue, causing massive traffic congestion)...we finally found a way to make it work. We stopped by to pick a deep dish on the way to the airport. Of course, being deep dish, it takes a while to cook...We ordered ahead of time 35 minutes. This was my first experience eating deep dish and I wasn't quite sure to expect. Because we had to get it a large pizza packed through the airport, the staff worked with me and split the pizza into multiple boxes. They were extremely accommodating! When I got home in LA, I finally had a chance to experience a piece of Chicago. For some reason, I was expecting a thick greasy crust sauced with oil...instead, when I took a bite into it, I found that there was more sauce than cheese, and the bottom of the crust was dry (corn-mealy like). At first, I was wondering what the heck was wrong with the pizza (I'm sure Chicago'ans are laughing at this review right now). But as I kept eating, it made me want to eat more and more! Don't get me wrong, I'm sure I still gained 5 lbs by eating the pizza, but damn, I loved it!...and now I have handles to hold on to!5/5 stars! I don't have other deep dishes to compare to...but if it's anything like this, I'll give them 5 stars too!I was crazy about this place!  I  was there last week for a trip and loved the pizza.  By far the best Chicago deep dish pizza we found.  I wanted to eat there again but ran out of time.  We had the special pizza (cant remember the name but it was their specialty-had sausage and lots of cheese!) and a deep dish cookie with ice cream.  This place doesn't have much in lines of atmosphere- basically a hole in the wall kind of feel but the food makes up for it!  If you are in Chicago, you need to check this place out!  Now if I could only say the name without butchering it out every time!This place is officially the best deep dish pizza I have ever had.  For those of you searching for a rating actually about deep dish, and not somebody just talking about their dislike of it, this is the place.  The wait staff there was very friendly, and I received my appetizer (garlic bread of course) really quickly.Making a deep dish pizza usually takes about 40 minutes, so there is a wait, as long as you order an appetizer though you're all set.  Our waiter stopped by our table a number of times to tell us how the progress on the pizza was going which was really nice.  When we did get it though, it was delicious, (especially cause we were asked if we wanted butter on the crust!).  It was a simple pizza with peppers and onions, and was awesome, I would recommend this place to anybody from or visiting Chicago!Great pizza - AWFUL lunch service.It's like you're invisible.Everyone in this place should be replaced with people who are dying for a steady job.Love this place ! was in town for a work convention and my co worker suggested we eat here.  Definitely worth all the hype the food was delicious and the bar had a great selection definitely a Chicago must!Landed at the airport, ordered delivery to the hotel as I was in the Taxi, an hour later we had piping hot, fresh deep dish pizza. Just one of my favorite pizzas in Chicago. So good..I thought the pizza was OK-- not as amazing as it was billed to me, but decent. Not sure if it was worth the wait.However, what ticks me off is that the bartender offered a lunch express pizza, but made it sound like the only difference between a la carte and the express is that I am limited to a sausage pizza (as opposed to the classic whatever one) and it's pre-cooked. No mention of price or the salad and drink that is included in the deal. (And why he didn't think of suggesting the deal in the first place when I ordered a small salad is totally beyond me. Many waiters have been nice enough to point out to me that there's a similar option/deal that's cheaper to save me a few bucks.) My bill came out to $17 w/tip, which is a lot in my opinion for a personal pizza and a (small) salad that was way too big for me -- no drink because I got water. (I wanted one of those tiny salads I saw around, but I guess that was the one included in the lunch deal. Go figure.) The waiter was nice enough, but I feel a bit fleeced. Why isn't the lunch deal more prominently advertised? Why isn't that the first thing I hear when I sit at the bar? I try to stay off the beaten path to avoid tourist traps, but Lou Malnati's got me on this one.I've finally accepted the fact that deep dish is not my favorite kinda pie and my heart lies with Santarpio's crispy and doughy crust in Boston. But even if I have to go for deep dish, I'd rate Giordano's over Malnati's. Especially after this experience.I'm not generally a deep dish pizza pan, but we're on our annual Opera vaca to Chicago so thought I'd give it a second chance. I was glad I did and it was well worth the 30min wait for our Malnati's deep dish w pepperoni added. The cheese sticks were the 2nd worst I've ever had but the pizza more than made up for that and our server Andrew was pretty good too.For a Chicago deep dish legend I was disappointed. Friendly atmosphere and service. Pizza was more of a heavy tasteless sausage meat pie. Felt like a brick in my stomach. I did try the lasagna - very tasty sauce. Would do that instead.I first tried Lou Malnati's a few years ago when visiting Chicago with my family.  It was on recommendation from the concierge at the hotel we were staying at.  I remember it being very delicious and warming and the crowds were very friendly.So when I returned back to Chicago with my husband for our anniversary, as soon as we dropped our luggage at the hotel we headed straight to get pizza for lunch.We made it in time for the lunch specials, which included a pizza, salad and drink.  We were able to get different ones so we could swap ingredients.  The salad, with their homemade dressing was very fresh.  Their ice machine was out that day so unfortunately someone like me who loves ice in their drinks, it was very sparingly given.If you're ever in Chicago, this is a must try!If this review was about the pizza alone, it would be a 5-star review without a doubt.  However, I sadly have to dock Lou Malnati's 1-star due to their service.  It was my first time in Chicago and since I had limited time out here due to business, I decided to hit up all the touristy areas first.  My friend that lives in Chicago recommended Lou Malnati's for the best deep dish pizza in town, so I decided to head out here on a Wednesday night.Before leaving the office, I called in to place an order for a 6" individual-sized deep dish "Malnati Chicago Classic" at about 6:15pm.  They said that the pizza will take about 30-45 minutes to make so I got there around 6:45pm, in case it came out sooner.  After arriving there at 6:45, I waited for another 30  minutes before my pizza came.  In addition to waiting about 1 hours for my pizza to come out, the bartender was a bit unresponsive.  I know it was busy, but it's times like this that there should be some more support at the restaurant.  I felt sorry for the overworked staff so I gave a big tip; I hope they get the help they need in the future.Soooo, onto the 5-star part of the review.  The deep-dish pizza?  Nothing short of the best pizza I've have had.  At first bite, I thought it was too much tomato sauce, but after I took a few more bites, the crust came into play and complimented the sauce perfectly.  Seriously, I know Chicago deep-dish pizza is popular and all, but damn, THIS IS SOME GOOD A** PIZZA!  Too keep this review from running too long, just do yourself a favor and put this restaurant in your itinerary if you ever are in Chicago!As far as I'm concerned, the BEST deep dish pizza in Chicago! This place came recommended by my brother and friend and it was WELL worth the 50 minute wait to get a table! I will say that I have not yet tried Giordano's but this place blows Gino's East out of the water.  I liked how we got to pre-order our pizza so when we sat down, they'd cook it the rest of the way and save us some time. My friend also suggested I should try to Malnati salad which was pretty darn tasty! It had mushrooms, bacon bits, gorgonzola cheese all wrapped in some mildly sweet dressing goodness! The wait staff was friendly and quick and everyone (including the customers waiting) seemed happy to be there.  For the pizza: we ordered a 9 inch butter crust Lou Malnati pizza which comes with this amazing sausage, cheese and tomato sauce on top of this very light and crispy BUTTER crust. For a deep dish, it did not feel too heavy on the stomache (unless you ate way too much of it). After a couple beers, salad and pizza, we were too full for the chocolate chip in a pan dessert but I WISH I had gotten it! The only downside of this location was there was ONE restroom stall for the entire restaurant but amazingly, I didn't have to wait long to go. This place is DEFINITELY on my list of Chicago eateries the next time I'm in town. Don't be discouraged by the wait as it is well worth it (along with the very reasonable prices)!Pizza was worth the wait.  We ended up eating at the bar. David the bartender is very helpful, professional, and made our dining experience a pleasure.  The malnatis salad is soooo tasty.  I wish I could recreate the dressing.  I would like to try thin crust next time but since this was my first Chicago visit I had to go with their classic and veggie. Not as greasy as I thought it would be.  While waiting they take your preorder so your pizza is half way cooked by the time you sit down. Very clever.Had to order here a few times for client lunch requests at work since they crave deep dish while away.  The catering department is excellent!  It is so easy to order and they send you an itemized list as soon as you hang up the phone.  The food comes as ordered, on time and fresh.  Always a crowd pleaser!About 3 or 4 years ago, my Aunt sent me frozen pizza as a gift.  She is from Chicago and sent me a Lou Malnati's frozen pie.  Not being from Chicago, I'd never heard of Lou Malnati's before.  I made the pizza for dinner one night and could not believe how good it was.  I was shocked - if it's this good frozen, how good can it be fresh?  Then, I saw Malnati's on Food Wars and they won best deep dish in Chicago.  I knew I had to get to this place.My wife and I went here for dinner on our most recent Chicago visit.  We walked in and were told that it would be about 30 minutes for a table.  That's fine - we weren't in a rush so we grabbed a couple of stools at the bar.  4 minutes later, the hostess was yelling my wife's name.  So, we ended up not even waiting 5 minutes for a table when we were told it would be a half hour.  We were seated upstairs - the restaurant itself is not huge.  The bar is also tiny and they probably only had about 6 beers or less on tap.  The menu is pretty straightforward.  We were a party of 4 so we decided to start out with a salad and ordered 2 deep dish pies.  I think we got 2 large pies - let me tell you - that was way too much food.  My wife and I only had four of the eight slices.  I think we were a little off because we are from the NY/NJ area and the pizza is much different.  We started out with the Malnati salad.  It was actually very good.  The blue cheese and dressing was great.  I would easily recommend this salad as a start to the meal.  I don't see how you can go wrong.Like I said, for our meals, we went with the deep dish pies.  Honestly, how can you not?  They should throw you out of the restaurant if it's your first time there and you don't order deep dish pizza.  My wife and I went with the Malnati Chicago classic.  It's stuffed with sausage but also comes with their buttercrust.  Trust me - the buttercrust makes a difference.  I had pizza at another famous joint that didn't serve buttercrust and the Malnati pie was much better than the competitor.  We also added peppers, mushrooms and onions to our pizza so it was basically like a supreme pie.  The pizza itself was very good.  From what we are told, it's classic Chicago.  I enjoyed the pizza a lot and I'm sure I'll find myself craving it when I'm back in NJ.  Heck, I can always have it shipped back to my house.  This pizza is much different than NJ pizza as you have to eat it with a fork and a knife.  It's almost like a much messier sicilian, because the sauce is on top, whereas with the sicilian the cheese is on top.  The cheese almost glues everything together, in a way.Overall, I think Malnati's is great.  I'm just super glad that I finally got out here to try the deep dish pizza.  Service was very good throughout the meal - just a major mix up on wait time.  I'd definitely head back here.Went there because of Yelp. Had the calamari and a pepperoni deep dish. Everything was excellent. Server was friendly and and attentive. Would definitely go here again if I ever pass through Chicago.Everybody (both locals and out of towners) I talked to said we had to go to Malnati's for deep dish.  Glad we did.We waited about 30 minutes on a Friday around 7 pm.  The restaurant was pretty small so there was a constant shuffling of bodies between the front door and the host/bar.  We ordered our pizza when we put our names down and I'm glad they offer that.  You could be there all night if you wait until you're seated.  The bar is very small but busy and it's hard to get the attention of the bartenders, let alone find a seat.We had the Chicago Deep Dish and it was great.  There's a solid layer of sausage on the whole pizza, plenty of cheese -- but could've used a little more sauce, in my opinion.  The crust was great.  It's crisp, buttery and thin enough to let the toppings shine.  We shared the small 9" pie between the two of us but probably could've jumped up to a medium.The server recommended the Chocolate Chip Pizza for dessert (order it while you're working on the pizza since it takes time to bake) and we devoured it.  A giant, fresh chocolate chip cookie with vanilla ice cream and whipped cream.  Yum.I'm honestly a little torn between Lou's and Pizano's, where we went the next night.  Blasphemous, I know.  But either works just fine for me.The best deep dish in Chicago (step above Giordano's)!!  We had the Lou's, but I missed the sausage, which really puts it over the top.  We are going to have to order some frozen ones (which are actually really almost as tasty as they are fresh).Service was good; atmosphere was as you would expect - casual.  Go early or wait over an hour.We asked around for the best deep dish pizza. This place was recommended by a couple of locals, so we had to check it out. The hot wings were great and the pizza was filling and delicious, very cheesy. Will definitely go back here if we're back in Chicago again.Don't miss this if you're in Chicago.  As soon as it opened, I bought a whole pie and carried it on for my flight back to Austin.  No fewer than 10 Chicagoans commented on my carry on going through Ohare including the TSA woman who stopped the x-ray machine and called her supervisor over to announce I had to allow a sample to ensure it was safe to bring on board (there was no line)!   No, the TSA did not confiscate my pie, but we all had a good laugh.   This pizza is worth taking along as a carry on.  It's that good!Chicago classic was excellent! Small portion was perfect for 2 people (enough for leftovers). The garlic bread with marinara sauce was delicious and I also enjoyed the fried mushroom appetizer. Service was fantastic! The wait was about 30 minutes on a weekday night around 6, not bad at all!The freshness of the ingredients makes this place AWESOME. I ordered a butter crust Malnati deluxe pie. The tomatoes and cheese's natural flavor was there along with the "fresh baked-ness".I had a  couple local draft brews and chowed down. Staff was super nice and it was cool and casual. The thing I remember most is that fresh melted cheese and fresh out of the oven taste and smell.*sigh* you guys know what I'm talking 'bout.Yum! Lou's! A perfect slice to cap off the perfect second day in Chicago!Oh WHY didn't I order one to take home?!!! A definite MUST to get the pies with their "Famous Buttercrust." The crust was just perfect: crunchy with a hint of charred garlicy and smoky goodness.... Yum! A medium Deluxe and small Lou's was enough to feed the five of us.Oh, and the sausages in the Deluxe aren't just sausages... it's A LAYER of it! Warning: Cheese overload after the first two slices!A must go to pizzeria. Good ambiance with walls filled with sports memorabilia, great pizza, and friendly service.I saw this place on Throwdown with Bobby Flay, so I had to try it.  After I landed at Chicago O'hare I flew across 90 to get to my hotel at the Marriott Mag Mile so that I could drop off my luggage.  The guys at the valet confirmed that although my fab Giordano's was in closer proximity,   Lou Malnati's was the best - the concierge agreed.  When I arrived there was ample seating both inside and out, so I was seated right away.  I ordered the "deluxe" deep dish pizza on the famous butter crust.  My waiter told me it would be out in 30 minutes for the pizza, so I ordered a side house salad.  The salad was good, I really enjoyed the dijon honey mustard.  Then the famous pizza arrived and I could not wait to sink my teeth in.  I'm sorry to say, I was pretty disappointed.  I really had high hopes for this place.  First, the positives - The buttery light crust was delicious and likely made up for that heavy feeling I always have after I leave Giordano's.  Also, the home made sausage was pretty tasty.  I did feel that the sausage could have been cooked a bit longer.The not so positive - The dough was very undercooked, so  each time I took a bite I was welcomed with gooey cold pizza dough.  Also, it seemed like my waiter disappeared after he took my order and he forgot my order of bread for the salad.  Overall, the pizza was just ok, but I think there are much better pizza places in Chi-Town.Lou's is traditional Chicago style deep dish pizza.  There's a lot of other places that call themselves Chicago deep dish, but they don't have the original crust and all like Lou's and a few others.I gotta give them props for maintaining a really good pizza recipe even though it's a big chain.  No matter which one of their restaurants you go to, you get good pizza.  That's great convenience.I gotta say, it's not quite as good as the original, though.  That being the Pizzeria Uno's on Ohio St.  This is where Chicago deep dish was invented my friends.This was my first stop when we came to Chicago on May 11, 2010, and we needed to make a fair comparison so we did try 2 other places for deep dish pizza.  Seriously, every place was different and I loved them all.You can tell they hand press the crust into the pan.  It has the rustic look with the uneven look all around.  It makes me feel like someone made it for me at home.  We ordered the sausage deep dish pizza.  Yum!  Too bad they don't have one in Cali, but I will most likely be ordering it in the mail.  It was cheaper than Giordano's.  HAHAHA  Sorry, I loved Gio's too but we are living in a economic crisis.  :PThis is my favorite "chicago style pizza" and I can even have it delivered to me in San Diego. Hallelujah!!I really don't like the butter crust so this is such and awesome alternative to that rendition. These guys get lots of good ratings for good reason. Cant wait to get me some more ;)Went to Lou Malnati's after a huge day of drinking at a day game at Wrigley and a quick 4 hour nap, so I'm not sure my taste buds were working correctly. Anyway. A group of my friends and I went around closing time of Lou Malnati's and luckily got a table. We ordered a plain deep dish pizza and a sausage deep dish pizza. The plain was delicious and I thought it was actually better than Gino's East, which I had had only a few days earlier. I wish I could say the same thing for the sausage deep dish though. The sausage seemed to cover the entire pizza and was completely overwhelming. I really did not enjoy it very much.I wish I could have gone to Lou Malnati's under different circumstances and got a real experience, but for what I got, I was satisfied.Ok, maybe this pizza doesn't travel well. First, I love deep dish pizza. Really I do. What I don't love is having to spend a Saturday with fellow classmates for a 7 hour long orientation. When I found out that we were having Lou Malnati's catered, I had - or so I thought - one bright point of my Saturday to look forward to. Well, to be brief, my bright point wasn't very good. The sauce didn't taste fresh and the crust was soggy. Don't get me wrong, I use canned diced and stewed tomatoes in many dishes I make at home; it's just when you are going to have a sauce on a Chicago deep dish pizza, it's a pretty damned important component that should taste good whether dine-in, carry out or delivery. The thin crust was actually significantly better than the deep dish; I would give that a solid 3 stars but unfortunately cannot click 2.5.I'm fully aware that travel time, standing time, etc... can lead to a pizza that isn't as great of quality as if I would have sat in the Lou Malnati's and ordered a pizza, but overall taste is only going to change to a certain degree. For this reason, I just cannot bring myself to award this nationally recognized deep dish joint any more stars at this point in time.Ok, I've been caught. As a soon to be New Yorker I am absolutely in love with New York Pizza. The thin crispy crust, the delicious sauce and the sparingly perfect use of cheese and basil. It's a love affair that I, nor my bf will let go. Coming to chicago, we wanted to eat some "Chicago Pizza" and I put it in quotes because I don't think this qualifies as pizza. And it shouldn't take 35-40 minutes for anything called PIZZA to emerge from a 500 degree oven. But look, here's the good part: I love Chicago Pizza Casserole. We sat down, ordered a drink, knowing we wanted to split a 9 inch traditionally sausage and cheese pie, we ordered a house salad to split. Out of nowhere, this salad came from left field, what with it's slightly sweet dressing and it's blue cheese crumbles and veggies. It was SO good. We split the salad. Now I must say the waiter warned us before hand of the wait time, but besides peeking duck, I don't know another food you need to order so damn far in advance at a restaurant. haha. As my boyfriend said, "I can't fold it! It's not pizza" But the pizza casserole was delicious. Cheesy, crust was crispy and buttery. If you are looking for real pizza, this is not it. But I have never had chicago pizza at a chicago pizza place so it is something we had to do.Service was pretty good but our waiter was essentially in the weeds for the last 20 minutes we were there so we never got drink refills, or anything after he dropped the pizza off.A friend and I were visiting our third high school friend who lives in Chicago.  We wanted deep dish pizza but actually going to Lou Malnati's didn't quite fit in with our post-dinner plans, so we ordered delivery.Awesome that they deliver, since most, if not all, places in SF with deep dish pizza don't deliver.  I kind of see why, though after this expedition with LM.They delivered us the wrong pizza.  It wasn't even a deep dish pizza, and the receipt attached to the box was clearly for a different party.  It took awhile to get a hold of the restaurant and fix the mix-up and so our actual pizza delivery was delayed by about half an hour (in addition to the original half an hour it takes to get a pizza delivered).  So unfortunately, by the time we got OUR pizza delivered, it had been sitting in the box for a bit longer than a normal delivery time, and the crust had time to get a little soggy.  The flavors were good, but compared to my trusty Little Star Pizza in SF, I can't give LM more than 3 stars.Ok, I know, we shouldn't have gotten LM pizza delivered, and it would have changed the experience.  Perhaps the next time I'm in Chicago, we'll make our post-dinner plans around going to LM, and not the other way around.In our quest for the best pizza in Chicago we landed on Lou Malnati's Pizzeria based on a recommendation from the Food Network via Daniel's mom. This place was GREAT! It was a long wait but you can order ahead of time so by the time you sit down your pizza is almost ready. I really liked the variety of pizzas. After two slices you are soo full!Really good authentic Chicago pizza. You can tell this is where the locals go-- it was recommended to us by 2 locals that were on the plane on our way to Chicago.We had a great time-- they "forgot" to put our order in, but compensated us for the pizza when it finally came and it was worth the wait. The servers were all really nice and we got good service.I would recommend getting the buttercrust-- it is really flaky and perfect.It was my first time in Chicago, and as mandatory I went looking for foods that are unique Midwest... deep dish pizza, hot dogs etc. There are other pizza joints with higher ratings, but the fact is I had one free night, no car and it was freakin cold. I was after anywhere I can walk from my downtown hotel.I was very, very glad to have found this Lou Malnati restaurant.The pizza takes half hour, so there was plenty of drinking time as you wait. I ate at the bar because there were seats available, and I hate having dinner alone. The personal size portion pizza is larger than I can handle in one sitting - so ended up taking some to go. With my only other deep dish pizza experience being Little Star in San Francisco, I'd say the Lou Malnati's version was very tasty and more traditional than what i know. Regardless - satisfying experience. Worth 4 stars :)I didn't know what Chicago deep dish pizza was til I tried Lou's The pizza was so good, I brought the extra slices on my flight home for my dad to try. In California, Deep Dish Pizza is 1/2 to 2/3 tomatoes. I like how even the ingredients are here, so that no one thing (Cheese, Tomatoes, Crust, Toppings) dominate the dish. Even the Mail Order frozen Pizza is better than Zachary's in the bay areaThis is another must go to place for visiting Chicago. A 12" medium for ~$17 is a perfect size for 3 people, but the others actually ordered a side of calamari (which they liked, me not so much a calamari fan) so maybe that's why we were so full.A 6" individual deep dish seriously looked like a kid size pizza, but this was perfect those few in my group who weren't fans of deep dish but had to try it since we were in Chicago. And thus they had a thin crust which was pretty good alternative.As for the famous Malnati Chicago Classic, it was pretty damn yummy but I wish there were other veggies such as green peppers to balance out the layers of tomatos and sausages which does get overwhelming after the first slice. My favorite part was the crust which was perfectly crunch and not too doughy, and so delicious that you could probably munch on it as a snack later.Prepare for a wait though, even though it was surprisingly fairly empty when we got here (~11 am on a Saturday) it still took half an hour for our pizzas to be brought out.We met a local here for real Chicago-style Deep Dish pizza.  Now I've since decided that I am not particularly a fan of deep dish pizza, but it's not because the pizza wasn't good.  I am just lamely California in my pizza taste.  The toppings were great....the sauce was brilliant...it's just not my thing.  My hubby loved it (he loves everything Chicago style apparently).  If you are in Chi-town and want deep dish, I recommend Lou's!I'm updating my review after speaking with the district manager. I didn't contact him either. Lou Malnati's is one of the few restaurants out there that ACTUALLY cares about your 100% satisfaction -- so much that they replied to my yelp review. I was still going to be a loyal customer and I loooooove their pizzas, but they still wanted to reach out to me. All in all, I am impressed how much they cared and took care of the situation personally. It was awfully genuine of them. They have earned more than my loyalty, but also respect.I came here several years ago per suggestion of a local while I was visiting. Compared to the other options for deep dish pizza this is probably the best. I am not a pizza fan. If I'm hungry its usuallly the last thing on my mind. But this isn't pizza. This is almost like an open faced calzone with buttery crust for days. Forget the calorie counter here!I liked their Lou: Fresh spinach, mushrooms and sliced tomatoes covered with a blend of mozzarella, romano and cheddar cheese. A small is satisfying enough for two chicks who aren't large.My friend and I went here in search of Gluten Free Pizza and they have it! It's great, with a sausage crust and while it sounds weird, it's really good. For non-gluten free peeps like me, just be wary of eating as much as you would a regular pizza....it's a LOT of meat. I would recommend getting a couple toppings to balance out all the meat. Even though this location was packed, we were seated quickly (before we could even pre-order) at a high top by the bar and had a lovely time. The pizza came out fast, our waitress was lovely, and the red wine was only $4.75 and very yummy. Make sure to ask for my red headed waitress friend Alison when you go! She's fantastic.So, years ago on my first visit to Chicago, I drank the kool-aid and went to Gino's East, because everyone tells you to go.  And don't get me wrong, I didn't have a bad experience - but like Hyman's in Charleston - I felt like I was "supposed" to be there.  Whereas with Lou Malnati's, despite it's big footprint in the city, it still feels much more like a local's place and less like a tourist trap.  My buddy Andrew and I had a 9-inch, which is perfect for two, and while waiting for the pizza (remember that deep dish is going to take 30 minutes minimum) we had cheddar cubes, which are a huge improvement over mozzarella sticks.  It's not like mozzarella sticks aren't great, or aren't what you are supposed to order in an Italian place, but in a nod to nearby Wisconsin, the cheddar cubes really won the appetizer contest for me :-)Great atmosphere, food, and service.  Proof that you can google "best deep dish in Chicago" and come up with the right answer.  PS  I'm always happy to be corrected by zealous locals who want to champion their place.  I'll just have to go (sigh :-) try it.Delicious!  After a relatively disappointing deep dish pizza at Gino's East, my boyfriend and I headed here the next day so I could leave Chicago happily full of the city's famous pizza.Lou Malnati's was recommended to us by a few people, and I'm really glad we tried it!  We sat at the bar and our bartender Katie was very sweet.  She was definitely busy (it was 1pm on a Saturday, full of tourists wanting to drink and eat :) ) but she kept checking on us exactly when I needed something.  (I.e. I was just running out of water and she looks over and fills me up...then we're about done and ready for the check and she looks over again and pretty much reads my mind)The pizza itself was delicious!  The butter crust was melt-in-your-mouth delicious and soft and chewy but crispy on the outside.  The cheese and tomatoes on the pizza were obviously good quality ingredients and very fresh.I'll go back anytime I'm in Chicago!Got the Malnati Chicago Classic small for the bf and I. We called ahead and picked it up.Grabbed a bottle of pinot and called it a night with our oh so buttery deep dish crust Chicago classic. This is definitely one of those dishes that you eat every now and then or else you will clog your arteries.I still love the classic NY pizza better but when in Chicago a definite must.I have been here once before but my boyfriend had never been and wanted to try deep dish pizza.  It's hard to get a consensus on which place has the best deep dish in Chicago when doing research but this one kept popping up along with few others.We started off with calamari which was average.  They serve it with cocktail sauce which I'm not really a fan of.Next up was a Chicago Classic.  I think it's official: I don't like deep dish pizza.  I don't get it, I think it's too heavy and I can barely make my way through more than one slice.  The more I ate it, the less I liked it.  The tomato sauce and cheese were good, there was too much sausage and the butter crust was just okay.  That's not to say you shouldn't try it.  It wasn't bad quality, just not my thing.  It might be yours.  And I'm glad I did try it because I think any connoisseur of pizza (and I do love pizza) needs to try all the different kinds they can.My advice would be to try it for a later lunch, when we just walked right in to a table.  We passed by the next night and there were at least 30 people outside waiting.If you ask a local where to eat real chicago pie, this is where they send you.  Thick, meaty, layered pie filled with toppings and cheese.  Vaya con Butter Crust.It pains me to write this.  My first visit to Lou's was awesome!  I had never had 'real' deep dish and this was just great!  I just remember loving everything about the experience.  Having said that - I guess I set myself up for this.  First, we walked over (my mom and my kids) and I had a stroller.  No biggie.  I carried it up the couple steps there are.  There were at least 4 hostesses standing up at the front and not one held the door open for me.  Not cool.  It doesn't take much to go that extra step and hold the door open for the mom and her clunky stroller.  Then as we waited one of the hostesses kept saying to another 'This sucks, *BIG SIGH* this really sucks'.  What does?  Your attitude?  Yes, it does.  We were seated.  Our waitress was awesome.  We ordered a large pepperoni and some cheese sticks.  It was good - just not like the 'wow' experience I remember.   We now live here and Giordanos is close to our home, so it could be that I am now just used to Giordanos pizza.  I am not sure.  I may go back for one more try - just to be sure it wasn't an off day. The dessert was great!  I did enjoy that very, very much!! :)  Maybe it was them, maybe it was us.  I do know the hostesses could have been more helpful.  I'll let y'all know if we try it again.I've been to Lou's more times than I can count, so I know that the pizza is some of my favorite in the entire world. (More tomatoes, happier me!) This particular location (439 Wells) had some terrible service, however. I was thankful for the very large glass of water that I requested, but I didn't particularly enjoy having to wait an additional 20 minutes after our remaining food was packed up to have the check brought to us. Our pizzas took a solid hour to be brought out, as well. I understand that it was a busy afternoon, but I'd have appreciated at least a status update while I'm sitting there starving.Another pizza place I was destined to try on my quickie trip to Chicago. The planning of this was difficult as my friends limited me to 2 pizza places...a**holes. Anyways, I already had Giordano's on my list and my second choice was down between this and Chicago Pizza and Oven Grinder. Of course if I had more time, I would go to every single pizza place famous in Chicago: Giordanos, Lou Malnatis, Chicago Pizza and Oven Grinder, Geno's East, Pizzeria Uno, and I think theres a few more I'm missing. Either way, Giordanos was on the first day, so then that left me with one more.I ended up cheating the system on the second day and while we were waiting in line for Doughnut Vault (best donut I've ever had in my life), I discovered there was a Lou Malnati's down the street. So I ordered a small personal sized pizza to go. It worked out perfectly because as soon as we finished the amazing doughyness, we walked over and I snacked on my pizza. The personal size was $7.33 with tax. For the most part, I really enjoyed it. It didn't "WOW" me as much as other pizza experiences. One of my friends described it as a "glorified pizza hut." This was quite the slap in the face. I could kind of see where she was coming from, but don't listen to her. I won't mention her name for fear of abuse on yelp from all of you. Anyways, after I ordered, I found out there was a "BUTTER CRUST" that I didn't order. Apparently that is the thing to get. DS&* DF(*ER F(UREORJ...F***, S***...I can't believe I didn't get THEE crust. Whatever, I had to accept it. The pizza was good. Solid, but like I said, the reason it didn't get a "5" because I don't think it offered anything as magical as other places. I've had better.  We were all pretty much in accordance that Giordanos wins. Most important note: GET BUTTER CRUST...maybe it would make a difference. Don't forget to go to Giordanos though.We came in here so that I didn't have to leave Chicago without getting the chance to try out deep dish pizza. As we were in a rush our options were not overwhelming as we had to decide on a place that was walking distance and wouldn't take too long to eat at. Seeing the high rating and number of reviews, Malnati's seemed like the best bet and it ended up being a good call. Anyways, for around 12pm on a Friday afternoon we only had to wait 15 minutes or so, there were perhaps 5 or 6 other groups already waiting and no one seemed to be too frazzled to be standing around. The great staff also brought out 3 medium pizzas cut in to sample bite sizes for those of us waiting for our tables. While waiting we were able to give in our orders as well to cut down on time. Which is a great default service they offer as we still had to wait at least 10 minutes for our food arrived after being seated.  They were offering a good "lunch special" deal for $7 or $8 we would get our own personal pizza along with soup or salad and a huge glass of pop (or soda as they call it in the States). I ordered the cheese and sausage pizza and opted for the Spinach mix as well for an extra 50cents. But I recommend just the cheese and sausage/pepperoni since they are solid options as they are. Our server was courteous and quick in serving us, clearly too busy to chat do chat around with us. Overall it was good food, good service but the next time around I think I might just shop around for a bit longer to see what else Chicago has to offer since I believe there is a better deep dish elsewhere.Long wait! It was crazy in there on a Saturday night. We expected it though. The bad thing about it was that it's so small and cramped that it's just a blob of people with nowhere to sit, even the bar seats were at a premium. We stayed pressed against the wall for 45 minutes watching people push by. Not very comfortable! We got seated in an area that was on the other side of the bar, so it was really hard to get to it through the mass of people. I think this affected our service. Our waiter was definitely working a lot and it must have sucked to have to shove through people to get to tables. Less visits to our tables. There was a bus boy who came to get our plates but he never noticed our empty glasses on the edge of the table. We had to ask a few times for this and for forks for our salad.The salad was pretty good, nice ingredients and it was BIG for the small serving. The family size was gigantic. Get the smaller one and you will have more than enough for two people.We pre-ordered our pizza, so it came out pretty quickly. It was the perfect Chicago style pizza. Nice flavors, crust actually had flavor enough to want to eat it and was a nice texture. We had to get dessert when we saw the people next to us get the cookie.. a fresh cookie in a pizza pan with ice cream on top. Hot damn! We never order dessert, so this was a splurge and man was it worth it. I'd come back just for that!Definitely the best Chicago style pizza! Service and the crowding thing dropped it down a star.When in Chicago - eat deep dish pizza!Came here during off-hours on a weekend for a meal/snack sandwiched in between a monstrous brunch & hefty dinner plans. For 3 people, we ordered the Lou Malnati deep dish for 2, and it was the perfect portion. The pizza takes almost 30 minutes to come out, and they make you well aware of this fact. When it arrived, everything from the not-too-sweet tomato sauce, the obscene amount of juicy sausage (;D), the golden flaky butter crust, and the perfect amount of cheese, just worked! I had 1/6 of the pizza and was completely and happily satisfied. Everyone around us over ordered had to take their leftovers home (; I noticed that the table next to us was celebrating a birthday and they mentioned it to the waiter in passing. The waiter then came back with a free dessert at the end of their meal! Yay for awesome attention to detail, Lou Malnati's! ;) P.S. Pick up some frozen pies near the front of the restaurant.A famous pizza joint like Lou Malnati's is sure to be on every visitors list of places to eat when visiting the Windy city, so with that said, I made sure it was my first stop. Now, let's talk about the food here -- it's great but not my style.The recommended pizza was the Malnato Chicago Classic deep dish which I thought was very hearty and a delight to eat but felt like it feel short of delivering that "wow" factor. I just think with most deep dish pizzas, it's difficult for each of the ingredients to be tasted because it is muddled with all the cheese and tomato sauce. But don't get me wrong, the pizza was not unappetizing or tasteless -- it just wasn't my type of pizza. Probably out of the few places I have tried a deep dish pizza, Lou Malnati's was the best one. As for the salad, the Chicken Club Salad and the dressing along with it was exceptionally superb and I snacked on it before and after my pizza meal.Deep dish....the road to Lou Malnati's was a long one....We walked for blocks, almost stopping at Uno's...Our bellies were growling, our feet were tired but we prevailed. A few blocks further and there it was. We totally lucked out, no wait and we were seated right away. Water, please....Add a Goose Island 312 beer with that. We ordered:Malnati classic-Lean sausage, heavy on the cheese and toppings...authentic Chicago. I'm not a huge fan of deep dish but they do it right here.Stuffed spinach bread-OMG, probably my favorite! Buttery crust with a fantastic marinara. Malnati salad-the best salad I've had in my life.The service was really great, friendly and on their game. I don't hand out 5 star reviews too often but Lou Malnati's deserves every single one.I'll admit that I actually love thin crust pizza - NY Style pizza but was ready to dive into Lou Malnati's pizza. We went with half and half of the {LOU} and {MALNATIS CHICAGO CLASSIC} the {CLASSIC} is definitely the way to go (if you are a meat eater anyways!) it trumped the Lou a lot. Definitely the much tastier option. For dessert based on the reviews we couldn't miss out on the {CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIE IN A PAN} - add some ice cream on that bad boy and it was perfect for my sweet tooth craving. Overall not a bad place but I still prefer my NY Style pizza!This was the first of the two Chicago deep dish powerhouse pizzerias that I tried. I ordered a Malnati Chicago Classic with the buttercrust.  How can you not order buttercrust if it's an option on the menu?  I suppose Malnati's qualifies as a deep dish, it's certainly not a thin crust, but it's literally about as half as thick as the deep dish found at Giordano's.  Though I believe Malnati's uses better quality ingredients than Giordano's, as in the tomatoes and cheese, yet in my opinion I feel Giordano's puts out a better overall deep dish pizza.  It may just be the crust here as it really disappointed me.  I ordered their famous buttercrust but the crust of my pizza was far from moist and buttery as it was actually a bit dry, very crisp and definitely required the use of a knife and a little bit of elbow grease to cut through.Finally visited Chicago and was able to experience true deep dish style pizza. Lou Malnati's appeared to be an old school pizza joint so I felt like I came to the right place for that reason alone.  The service was great too and OMG pitchers of root beer- heavenly!!As far as the deep dish goes- the cheese was plentiful, the sauce was amazing and the buttercrust was just ok. Maybe it was just too much bread for my liking but the ingredients are what really did this pie justice for me - the taste all together was incredible.  We split a small deep dish and I think it was great for sharing between two people.  The couple next to us ordered the next size up and took plenty of leftover slices to go. All in all, we had a great leisurely lunch and I'm glad our first true deep dish experience was at Lou's.I am no Deep Dish expert but my husband and I were happy with the Lou Classic we got. It was no easy task however. We were told we have to wait 1.5 hr+ for a table for 2. We told them we would just do takeout since our hotel has a kitchen. They said 35 mins wait so that was nothing compared to 1.5 hr wait. Somehow though, the crowd quickly subdued and I guess they were mostly scared away! So we were lucky to be seated with our takeout pizza. We also ordered the Malnati's salad medium size and it was very refreshing and good! It was only $8 and good enough for 2 or 3 people. The pizza comes with red sauce and tons of sausage on top and the buttery crust was the bomb. I definitely enjoy it very much and we still have half a pie leftover! I am thinking about trying Gino's to do a comparison!Buttery, crispy crust makes this pizza 5 stars! The atmosphere and service were nice too. Anyone familiar with the East Coast chain Ledo's Pizza will be glad they came here. It is basically Deep-Dish Ledo's, with a big chunk of delicious crust at the end.Aim to get there before 6pm, if you are visiting on a weekend, it gets really crowded!I also thought it was better than Gino's.  We got thin crust pizzas and salads and also had drinks.  It wasn't overly expensive for the location.The only problem is it gets very busy and loud so the service can suffer.  But if you go in knowing that you aren't the only one after a tasty pie, you'll be fine.Get here early, beat the crowds, and expect your pizza to take about 40 minutes to cook.  Is it worth it?  Heck yes.I ordered the Malnati Salad as a starter, and I really liked their dressing.  It was nice and sweet, which went well with the gorgonzola.As for pizza, we ordered the Malnati Chicago Classic and one with anchovies and tomatoes.  Both were delicious.  I don't think you can go wrong with ordering any of the pizzas.  The crust is awesome, the cheese is piled thick, and it just tastes wonderful.  I'm literally drooling as I type.The pizzas might seem small (6" for individual), but they are so thick, that it can definitely be enough for one person.  If you're super hungry, go big - you can't go wrong with more delicious pizza.Fantastic pizza!  I'm from the northeast so between Boston, Providence and NYC, I grew up on great pizza.  Lou Malnati's Chicago style pizza fits right in.  We went with the "Malnati Chicago Classic".  Wow!  It's loaded with sausage and cheese but the richness is somewhat offset by lots of chunky tomato sauce.  And the crust brings it all together.  The service is good (they do try to move you through to free up the table but I'm not one to lounge around) and the prices were amazing for dining downtown in a large city.  It may not be the healthiest pizza but it was one of the most memorable.WOW!  Ordered a deep dish with meat & a thin crust with vegies.  I am not much of a meat eater, but I am telling you that the meat deep dish has me drooling!  Best pizza I have ever had anywhere!  Take my advice and go!  Wonder if they can ship one to me in NE Ohio...I never realized how much deep dish pizza is a cheese lover's heaven. But it is. And cheese coma is amazing. We came on a Sunday afternoon and the wait was about 45 minutes. I love that they let you put your pizza order in while you wait. Any good deep dish pie takes about 45 to make. By the time we got seated, we barely had to wait for the food to come. The Malnati Chicago Classic was good. Cheesy with lots of toppings all on the infamous buttercrust. The buttercrust is definitely the way to go. We also had the spinach cheese bread which was good. I can't decide if I like Gino's or Lou Malnati's more. In my opinion, both are worth a try if you're visiting Chicago.Best pizza ever! Visiting from seattle, i had limited exposure to deedp dish pizza.. mostly i had thin crust pizzas.. i gotta tell you I Love the deep dish with sausage, cheese , pepperoni !! Fresh and meaty pies...i tasted why Chicago people are proud of their pizza!!There are somethings you have to do when in Chicago, and deep dish is one of them.  Our wait was around 45 minutes on a Thursday night, but they do allow you to pre-order (the pizza takes 35 minutes min) so it's not that bad of a deal.  Our server was friendly, the salad delicious, and the pizza was great.  Definitely a place I'd take folks to again.Great Chicago style pizza and they don't spare the cheese!  We were there after the Chicago Marathon and wait time was about 40 minutes, but well worth it.This place was not as good as I thought it would be. First of all, there is a long wait. For people who are able to eat out, they should just order their pizza and take it to go. Our group was quoted a 2 hour wait but they said we can order now and our pizza would be ready by the time we were seated. We decided that was fine so we came back in 2 hours and we still had to wait about an hour before our food was on our table. That did not sit well with me. On top of that, the food was just ok. I mean, deep dish can vary in many ways so I guess it wasn't to my liking. I think there are better deep dish pizza places around Chicago. They do have a bar in the front for people who are waiting to be seated. It is nice that they serve you so you don't have big pans of pizza on your table. My advice if you really want to eat here and have a big group is to have someone come and put your name down a few hours early so you are seated at the time that you want to eat. If you are waiting, you can always go to another bar and they will call you when your table is ready.Has the most amazing salad and good pizza. I'm not a fan of deep dish but it wasn't as heavy or greasy like others. The staff was really friendly and we had great service.I was feeling a little tired after running the marathon, but the binge-fest still needed to happen.  I wasn't up for braving the hungry hordes that were surely descending upon all the half-way decent eateries in the city, so I had the bright idea of ordering deep-dish delivery to the hotel.    We decided on the Malnati's Chicago Classic - lean sausage, some extra cheese, and vine-ripened tomato sauce on their famous Buttercrust. It was quite good, but I wish the sausage had been a bit spicier.  And honestly, I was so hungry that taste was really only a secondary concern.  I suppose the only real disappointment is that our delivery guy got a little lost so our pizza was not piping hot when it arrived .  Whatevs, it still satisfied my colossal craving for grease and carbs.Best pizza in Chicago! & The service here can suck really bad. Get here early, put your order in when you get their and it will come out faster. It just gets really busy and the staff can get overwhelmed. The pizza is worth the wait. I eat here often and have had great food every time, but several if not most times, the bill is screwed up. They charge you to join their rewards program, and then never really reward you. It sucks and I would skip it unless you eat here very often and order for a huge family. If you sign up for it on line you get a free appetizer coupon, but they will most likely need a physical print out. They cannot accept it on the email in your phone. Lou's is the best pizza I have ever eaten and is very filling. The sausage is filling and can make you tired, don't eat it if you need to be doing something active later, try something else and get a sausage to go if you must. Go here, get what looks good & try different stuff, everything on the menu is tastey, Double Check your bill, and be careful when splitting it many ways, it has always proven to be a nightmare. It you want to avoid the wait and the bill problems, use a service to get it delivered, or just get take out, the pizza is really really good.Shannon our server is rockin it.  Lovin the deep dish.This is a review about the carryout service, because we all know their pizza is delicious (I'm a fan of the deep dish Lou).Even though I placed my order TWO hours ahead of time and pointedly said I needed my order ready at a SPECIFIC time, they made me wait. I'll admit, I'm impatient - especially when it makes me late for a meeting! Next time I'll make sure to specify my pizza to be ready 15 minutes before I actually need it.The Beard and I were in Chicago this past weekend and since he'd never been, I thought it might be good to take him for some Chicago-style pizza. With a little help from my Yelp, it sounded like Lou Malnati's was our best bet.I have always been underwhelmed by Chicago pizza whenever I've had it, which is only to say that I'm really picky and particular about pizza sauce. That's really the only thing that I thought was lacking with Lou's, but honestly, I think that no spices actually might be Chicago-style... I suspected before and I'm pretty sure it's the case.Not that I'm knocking it! It's pretty tasty, all around. I liked the buttery crust, the molten cheese, and the healthy smattering of toppings. It was all pretty solid. But the sauce was just not hitting it for me... no seasoning, no herbs, no spices. Just tomato-y and slightly acidic (which was actually all right.)On the whole, I think this is decent, fit-the-bill Chicago pizza. I'm just finicky.Individual deep dish pizza and ginormous-size diet coke. Free refills of course. What's not to love? Gosh that crust, I thought I was eating cookie. Thanks, butter! I could take it or leave it with the house salad though, it was just iceberg lettuce. I rarely eat pizza because cheap pizzeria cheese will point me straight to the bathroom. No problem after my cheesy deep dish here. Now, that should tell you something, right?Sub-par pizza.The wait didn't take as long as most people say but the food was highly disappointing. We ordered medium salads and they were huge (maybe that was our mistake) and then got a pizza with sausage, cheese, and spinach. It took about 45 minutes for it to arrive and it was disgusting. The sausage was barely cooked and thrown on top without any care. The service was pretty horrible and our waitress was totally aloof. Our plates were on the other side of the table and when she came to cut the first slices, she just held out her hand without asking "Can you please pass me those plates." She could have said something instead of just holding her hand out like the bitch she probably is. When working at a restaurant you need to pretend to be nice even though you don't want to. Anyhow, it was a waste of money and sort of made me hate Chicago for the night.Had never tried deep dish pizza before Lou's, but now I'm wondering why every city hasn't adopted this trend. Sure, you have to wait 30 minutes until you can ingest this oozing pie of deliciousness, but it's well worth the wait. My friend and I shared the fried calamari and the veggie pizza. Both were excellent.We arrived during lunch time, and surprisingly it was pretty empty. There was no wait for tables, and the service was highly attentive. Overall enjoyed my first deep dish experience.Some of the better Chicago-style pizza I've had, but somewhat lacking on atmosphere.  I topped my pie with diced tomatoes, sausage, and garlic.  In retrospect, I should have left the garlic off - they took this addition very, very seriously.  Also, the sausage blanketed the entire pizza.  I don't think I had a single bite without a giant piece of sausage.  I may as well have ordered a pork chop on the side.The garlic bread appetizer was nothing to write home about - just cheap italian bread with butter and garlic powder.The highlight of the meal was the "chocolate-chip pizza" dessert - a small deep dish pizza pan used to bake a fresh chocolate-chip cookie, topped with ice cream.We ordered the "Deluxe" deep dish pizza on a recent trip here.  Cheese on the bottom, then the sausage and other toppings and the sauce on top.  Not too saucy so the pizza doesn't get soggy - just right.  The crust is the best part, just the right thickness, actually fairly thin for a deep-dish.  There's a good sized lip on the edge of the crust that keeps all of the toppings in place.  My only criticism is that it's a little too bland for my tastes.  A few more Italian herbs and spices and you got a real winner.Don't bother with the salad, we ordered the house salad and there was absolutely nothing special (or tasty) about it.  Plain iceberg lettuce, tomato wedges, cucumbers, tons of red onions and a few croutons is about it.  The Gorgonzola dressing had some potential though.I have dreams about Lou Malnati's. Their sauce, their cheese, their buttercrust...Lou's is quite possibly some of the best pizza I have ever had. In my opinion, it is the best pizza in Chicago. Better than Uno's, Giordano's, and Gino's etc. They do deep dish the right way.No, not Pizzeria Uno/Due, No not Girodianos, no not Gino's East.This is Lou Malnatti, the home of the true Chicagoan pizza. It blows the rest out the water. By far , the most outstanding pizza in chi-town!!none betta, forgetaboutit!I don't see what the big hoopla is over Chicago deep dish pizza.  Hands down, New York thin crust pizza is 100x better.  Sadly, I would even prefer Pizza Hut over any of the pizza I had in Chicago.  Here goes the list of why I won't eat Chicago pizza:1.  The crust has no flavor2.  Too much cheese, 1/4" thick cheese...gross3.  The ratio of ingredients is very skewed4.  Poor choice to layer ingredients...bread, meat/veggies, cheese, sauce (I thought the meat/veggies were called "toppings" meaning they go ON TOP of the pizza)5.  You definitely need a knife and fork to eat it (isn't the novelty of a pizza being able to pick it up with one hand, no utensils?)6.  Did not satisfy my pizza craving, normally I can eat two if not three slices of pizza and want more simply because it is so delicious, but this Chicago stuff...I ate one slice simply because it would be a waste to throw awayFinally had great Chicago style pizza while in Chicago. It was this past Friday night and arriving around 6.45 we were told it would be an hour wait. We got drinks from the bar and stood outside. We were able to pre-order our pizza so that after sitting the wait wasn't so long. And our wait to sit was only 45 minutes.FYI- their salads are huge like the pizzas. Take a look at my pictures. For 4 of us we ordered 2 mediums. We would've been fine with 2 smalls. We enjoyed a pepperoni & sausage combo and the "Lou" house special.Stuffed to the gills we headed out with a few slices boxed up which did get eaten 2 nights later.This has definitely got to be THE best deep dish pizza I've ever had (equally as good as Little Star in SF).Came here on a Saturday afternoon with the BF at around 1:45 pm, and was told it would be about a 45 min wait. We put in our orders for our pizza first - we got a medium Chicago Classic. After we got seated, our server recommended the stuffed spinach bread and so we ordered that too. Our pizza and bread didn't take long to arrive.The pizza was.... SOOOO good. There was just something about the mix of ingredients that made it taste awesome. The pizza also wasn't overloaded with tomato on the top (which I find on a lot of deep dish pizzas), so I didn't have to spend time scraping it off. Having it overloaded with tomatoes takes the taste away from the pizza. The crust was also pretty tasty, but I have to say that Little Star wins in this regard. The spinach bread was delicious as well, and was generous with their stuffing. By this time, I was so full from the pizza that I was unable to eat as much of the bread as I wanted. The BF heartily agreed that this was one of the best deep dish pizzas he has had as well. If I ever hit Chitown again, I'll definitely come back for more of this yummy goodness.Still pretty good, and sometimes very good.  But the Wells location . . . .  Is it just me or are they slipping a little?  I went the other night with three other people, and we got two deep dish pies: one cheese with garlic and roma tomatoes, and one deluxe. The deluxe pie was kind of sloppy looking and they ingredients seemed to have soaked through the whole pie.  Anyone else have this experience?That being said, I have been to Malnati's many many times, and the vast majority of the time things are perfect.Oh, and their calamari is fantastic.We actually tried to go to Monk's, because someone had suggested it as a cool sports bar to watch a Red Sox game (I was with a coworker who's obsessed, I could go either way on Boston).  But Monk's, which I should review poorly, didn't have their cable working.  So we took a stroll across an amazing bridge and beautiful skyline, and just happened to hit Lou's.  We were just walking briskly by and saw a big TV screen, smelled some pizza and immediately RAN in.  We sat at the bar, ordered my FIRST EVER deep-dish pizza and a Miller Lite and plunged IMMEDIATELY into heaven.  Oh my god, there is nothing better in this world than that gigantic burger of a pizza and a beer.  I would've preferred to have been watching football, but at that moment it didn't matter.  All that cheese and sausage and tomato and butter crust was freaking unbelievable!!  I've never eaten anything like that before in my LIFE!  Each bite of pizza was equivalent to like 17 bites of any other pizza.  Coming from L.A. we were like, uhh 2 pieces each that's not enough, and ordered a medium.  No, no my friends, it was FAAAR too much, we could only eat one slice each.  Though we also had the calamari, which is awesome, highly recommend that.  The place is small, so be prepared to either wait or eat at the bar.  I cannot WAIT to go back to Chicago so I can have another.  Oh - also, the place is full of people from all over... both locals and visitors.  We sat next to a few local guys and next to a few out-of-towners there for work.  EVERYONE is so chatty and friendly.River North Runch Pizza! For the reasonable price of $6.95, you get an individual size pizza (cheese, sausage or pepperoni), a good sized side salad with a selection of tasty dressings (I went with the creamy lemon garlic), and a can of pop. The other pizza place up the street on Wells has a similar special, but the quality of their salad and dressing doesn't compare. I would recommend them only if you prefer their crust over Lou's.Otherwise, pizza and deep dish pizza in Chicago is a matter of preference between some of the big names in the area, and Lou's has always been on my short list. Always a good place to take visitors, or to order out from.Had to try authentic deep dish pizza. Here is where we chose to do it.  Is it authentic even thought there is no tomato sauce on the top? I distinctly remember several tables around us ordering extra sauce on the side to put on top. You could order your pizza while you waited for a table but not anything else. Anything else you want with your meal you have to wait till you sat down. We ordered a individual 6" pizza to share and a humongous family style salad. It was still too much food for the two of us. The pizza was a perfect reasonable portion size.  We also ordered a spinach bread appetizer which was fantastic! But that really put us over the top. Luckily we took a doggy bag and one Chicago homeless man ended up eating our leftovers for us. Better then is going to waste! We ordered the Lou style - which happens to be vegetarian! Service friendly and our bill was pretty cheap! Probably because we didn't order a humongous zillion calorie pizza like everyone else around us!So my friend and I were debating where we should go to try our first Chicago Deep Dish Pizza. Giordanos....or this place. We flipped a coin and Lou's it was.  We came here on a Friday evening around 7:30 pm it was crazy packed!  More people coming in by the minute. They don't take reservations, you just show up and they put your name on the waiting list (average wait was 1hr and 15 mins) and order your pizza ahead of time.   We ordered a small sausage deep dish. I thought they had more toppings but nope just pepperoni, sausage or veggie.I was getting a little annoyed about the long wait...I never waited this long for food, but we didn't want to turn back since we walked all the way over here for this pizza. So I was like this better be some bomb ass pizza!They ended up sitting us outside. We started off with fried calamari, it seem a little cold, not as pipping hot as I wanted it..and the pizza did too...like its been sitting for a while. The pizza was good, but I don't think it was worth the wait. The crust was hard...Chicago: land of broad shoulders, Da BEARS, and deep dish pizza.I was told that I HAD to have some Chicago-style pizza while I'm here, so we decided to check out two spots: Gino's East and Lou Malnati's.Gino's... yeah, let's not talk about that.Lou Malnati's, however, EXCELLENT. The pizza was delicious and buttery, without being soupy and hard to manage.  I wasn't expecting to like it much, but I totally BEASTED out on a small, nearly destroying the table, a surround couple, and the sign holder.Yes, THAT good.I can honestly say that before you try anywhere else, you give this spot a shot first.  Especially for the busy traveler that wants to check everything out in the city and has a limited time schedule, I promise you won't be disappointed by this experience.So, why not the 5 star? Well, our server... it started off well, but completely gave us the gas face after a while. Not a fun experience, but it wasn't enough (for me at least) to knock the pizza.A must try and a Chicago staple. Do it!Bland, doughy, boring! Overpriced and overrated!Would have been happy to wait for a cooked pizza but ours came out fast.  We put in our name to wait, made our order, called to a table within 5 minutes, ordered a salad and before we ate half, our pie arrived.The Malnati salad with the crumbled salami and gorgonzola was delish. The "classic" pizza was blah. Boring sausage and that undercooked doughy crust was awful.  The server was so busy we didn't have a chance to tell him.Such a disappointment, if this is what Chicago pizza is supposed to be, I don't get it. Wasted our one night in town here.  My recommendation-SKIP IT!i am updating my rating to 3 stars - my family and I gave it another try, and i'm so glad we did!  we ordered the thin crust pizza this time and it was so yummy!  the crust smelled buttery and amazing and had the perfect level of crispiness.  the mozzarella sticks are still my favorite. the only downside was that the wait was still INCREDIBLY long. when we put our name down on the list, we were told it was a 35 minute wait...translation: 1 hour.  we even pre-ordered our pizza so that it would be ready by the time we got to our table, and it took an additional 1.5 hours for our pizza to get to us.  your best bet is to order take out and have it delivered...total delivery time: 1 hour.i do love how they offer samples of their thin crust pizza for the folks who are waiting.  one could easily fill up on the sample pizza, grab cocktails at the bar and call it a night! ;)Great deep dish pizza. Being from Kentucky does not give me many opportunities to enjoy such a culinary delight as this. It don't get any better than this. We will be back on our next visit to Chicago.I'm not a huge fan of deep dish pizza, but this was pretty good.  We ordered the Deluxe with the butter crust and Malnati salad minus Gorgonzola.Enjoyed the salad very much.  I thought the meat crunch was bacon bits, but then husband told me it was salami.  Oooohh!  Even better (in my mind, anyway...)!The pizza was very good.  At first bite, really enjoyed the crust, but the more I ate, the less I enjoyed it...  or rather, it seemed to lose flavor.  Can that be true?  Husband thought the same thing.  Strange, huh?I like pizza a lot. Pretty much anything that has bread and cheese will make me happy.  I usually am partial to my favorite Gino's East, but my bf wanted to try Lou Malnati's. I had only been to the location in Naperville a couple of years ago, so I was game for trying the downtown location. It was not crowded--we went on a Tuesday night, and the service was very good. A lot of people were going in and out I think getting take out.   We got the deep dish mushroom with the butter crust, the stuffed spinach bread, and to finish off--the pan chocolate chip cookie. The spinach bread is excellent and comes with marinara sauce for dipping.  What I like most about the pizza was the amount of cheese. It was oozing off, but not in ridiculous amounts.  I think that I will rank Lou's as my #3 favorite  deep dish in Chicago, behind Gino's East and Peqouds (see review below!).After reading the reviews, I was looking forward to the butter crust at Lou's, thinking it was going to end my search for a good pizza in Chicago.  Unfortunately, it fell short of expectations.The crust at Lou's is crispy, but it was thin and dense, rather than flaky, which is what I expect from butter in a dough.  I think the flavor would have been improved by more salt in the crust.I did, however,  like the golden brown cheese on my pizza.  Most pizza places don't cook their cheese long enough to form that crispy, chewy, caramelized grease, but Lou's gets it right.I liked the flavors of the Lou pizza toppings (spinach, mushrooms, onions, tomato), but didn't appreciate the Deluxe (sausage, bell peppers, onions) as much, since I like a stronger flavored sausage if I'm eating a sausage pizza.We also ordered the breaded zucchini appetizer.  It was probably the crispiest fried zucchini I've ever had, as it usually turns to mush within a few minutes of serving.  Lou's zucchini held its crispy, crunchy texture, and I appreciated that.  It was a bit salty, even for me, someone who often cooks her food with restaurant-style sodium levels.I probably won't be back, as I'm sure there are a lot more pizza places to try in Chicago.  But so far, Zachary's in Berkeley is still my favorite deep-dish.I've lived in Chicago for four years now and Lou Malnati's is still my absolute favorite pizza!  I highly recommend the deep dish spinach pizza, while my boyfriend's favorite is "The Lou."  Be sure to order it "well done" and they'll cook the pizza a little longer than normal.While having it delivered is great if the weather is bad or if you don't want to leave, enjoying the pizza at Lou's is always the best option.  If you do have it delivered, you should put it in the oven/toaster oven for 3-5 minutes.  Enjoy!For two thin crust lovers, our first deep dish experience was good. Definitely try the Stuffed Spinach bread. YUM O! Be ready to wait for about 30- 45 minutes for your pizza.For starters, why are they reviews for a dozen different Lou Malnati's?  Are they really all that different?I was surprised that it wasn't all that busy, which makes me all the more inclined to go back.  Was able to sit outdoors, enjoy a beer, relax, eat some good pizza and all in all a good evening.The virtues and ills of Chicago style vs thin crust pizza are beyond the scope of this review.  I'll just leave it at Lou has good pizza.Pretty damn good deep dish pizza. The cheese was stringy but still workable, the tomato sauce tasted excellent. Topped with peperoni sealed the deal for me!The place is pretty nice, not like a typical pizzeria, but the price wasn't too shabby either. Oh man I'll be craving this place in the future...wait...I'm still craving more!!!First meal in Chicago! Of course we had to kick it off with some Chicago style pizza. I've had Chicago style pizza before (Patxi's, Little Star, Zachary's, etc), but nothing like the pizza at Lou Malnati's. So, we only ordered two things, the cheese bread and a small "Chicago Style Pizza". This was more than enough to fill us. The cheese bread was super delicious. It was basically garlic bread topped with cheddar and mozzarella with a marinara dipping sauce. In fact, it was so good, we ate all three pieces before I could even take a picture (tiny.cc/ecuyw). The crust of the pizza was unforgettable. I'm not sure what kind of crust it was, but it was corn-meal-y in terms of texture and extremely crispy. The Chicago style pizza in California does not do this place justice. Best part about this meal, total bill was $25. Can you believe that?! A great kick off to our trip!Don't plan on doing anything after this meal; you'll definitely have food coma afterward!Chicago is one of my (and my husband's) favorite places to visit! Whenever we are here we ALWAYS get Lou Malnatis! There is good deep dish all over the city, but Lou's is our personal favorite. Last time we were here (about a week ago) we got the the Malnati Chicago Classic, and added mushrooms and spinach. It was just as amazing as always!! Tip: when there is a wait, walk up to the host stand and pre-order your pizza. They'll start making while you wait and it'll reduce your wait time after you are seated!Chicago Classic and a must try!  2 story operation filled with the great smell of deep dish pie! Got the Lou Special and Chicago Classic with a few round of Goose 312 and a fried mushroom appetizer to start. This was my first savory piece of pie eaten in Chi-Town so I was stoked when it came out oozing with cheese and sat tall and firm like a mini skyscraper of flavor. The fried mushroom were awesome as well!!! Whole button mushrooms lightly breaded and fried to a nice crisp without being greasy to the touch.+1 star for selling it online and shipping to other parts of the country, and also because they put out free mini slices of pizza when the wait gets long.Best. Pizza. Ever. Gino's East? Naaaah. Pizano's? Pfffft. Pequod's? Haaaail no. This is the stuff. Every location I've ever been to or ordered from has been consistently amazing. To the tourists saying it was not all that, I'm saying you must have ordered wrong. That, or your tongue is defective and you should get that checked out.The butter crust here is a.ma.zing. Yeah, there can be a wait. It's popular. I'm sure there's a wait at the gates of heaven too. My favorite is just straight-up sausage deep dish in the butter crust. No bells, no whistles, just heavenly, hot, gooey, deliciousness. OK, now I want some. Bye!I love the decor in this location and the staff here is very friendly!In terms of deep dish, Im not sure it was my favorite, but it was certainly very good. I loved the freshness of their tomato sauce, but I thought the butter crust (tm) could use just a dash of salt to balance the buttery richness out. The sausage on the pizza is a favorite of many, but I didn't love the way its done here. Instead of being bits of sausage throughout, this is more one huge disc of sausage that covers the whole pizza. That is my fault in ordering it though, and will try a different variation next time I am back. The spinach mix was lovely though and added a lot of flavor to our pizza. Oh, and if you order a family sized salad, its huge. We were laughing because it took the entire table up, but the sweet dressing they make is really good!We will have to go back and try another deep dish, still haven't picked a favorite place but this is in the top 5.I'm from San Francisco and where I live, Zachary's is the place to go for deep dish pizza. Their deep dish is the best and coming here to Chicago, I had to try their authentic deep dish pizza to compare what the difference is and whether it is way better.  Well, there was the choice between this place and Giordano's and considering how much more popular this place was, my husband and I tried this place out. I have to say this place disappointed us.  The reason I'm not raving about their deep dish is I don't think there is anything special about it.  It's basically a pizza dough topped with a big layer of cheese and sausage (chose their special) with a little of sauce on top. Flavors are ordinary for my taste.  Zachary's is way better because their flavorful pizza is very deep with lots of chunky toppings along with tomatoes and sauce. I like cheese but I think there is too much cheese at Lou Manalti and not enough of other stuff. Maybe this is what real Chicago deep dish pizza is like. If so, it's not for me.I don't think I've ever had more anticipation for food than to try an authentic Chicago deep dish pizza. With a group of friends and my girlfriend, we finally decided on Lou Malnati's as our first Chicago pizza experience. Never have I done my due diligence on Yelp, but this time, I read review after review and decided that this would be the optimal choice (unfortunately, other joints in the running like Giardano's were just too far away).We went on a Saturday night (also Cinco de Mayo) so I was expecting a packed house. In fact, we got quite the opposite: we were seated immediately, but our service was not so immediate. I had to think they were understaffed or our waitress was overworked, but after we were seating, we waited 15 minutes before flagging her down just to get some water, and put in our pizza order. This is the only I'm slighting this place a little bit and subtracting a star.All in all, their classic Chicago pizza was delicious. We ordered a medium pizza for three people, not including myself (though I wasn't that hungry at the time). Having two smaller women in our group was a key factor in a size decision as I think the large would've been too much food. Seriously though, one slice of the large is enough to be a meal. That being said, be careful in choosing a size. Look at other pizzas that people have ordered to get a good idea of how much you'll need.The atmosphere was riddled with baseball memorabilia which indeed gave it a "classic" Chicago feel. I hope to try this place and other pizza joints again when I return to the Windy City.Pretty Damn good I have to say although the best Chicago Style pizza ever is in Sacramento California at a little dive on 21st street called Zelda's.  Back to Chicago,   I'd say it's right about the same as Gino's.  I' likely just pissed off a bunch of Gino's fans.  Sorry!    I really wish the pepperoni at LM's  was cut a little smaller and was more flavorful and that they used more sauce on the pizza, sauce to cheese ratio was a tad off but great buttery crust, choose that option.  Salads are great, service is very good.  Draft beer was not very cold, had to ask for a colder glass, who wants warm beer?   Giardano's is on my list to try next then I'll review them and update here.I'd go back here and recommend if you want a solid 4 star pizzaWe are a regular out by our house. We had friends in town from, CA. Of course, we wanted to give them a taste of "true" deep dish pizza. They loved it! We ordered a large, half sausage, half green pepper and mushroom, four of us ate. We still had left overs! We also ordered a Calamari Fritta...I personally have never cared for it-  This one was great! Did not taste, too fishy.  Whenever we come here, I always order a Chocolate Chip Pizza. It's out of this world! So make sure and save some room! Food was delicious!   Our server was super nice, he was training someone, so it took a little bit longer..no biggie! You have to take into account that they were slammed as well. Looks like we will be shipping Lou's to CA!!This place is great for family dining. Their deep dish pizza is to die for. Cheese fanatics will not be disappointed! Our party of 6 ordered a family salad, a thin crust, and a deep dish and was plenty enough to share.If you knew my mother, you'd know that pizza loving is in my blood. Seriously, and this doesn't disapoint. This is the best deep dish I have ever had in Chicago, the ingredients are very high quality and sets themselves apart from the pack! We had the recommended pizza with sausage and buttercrust- The sauce on top had chunks of roma tomatoes in it, that was my favorite part! We ordered a medium for the two of us and had plenty left over to nibble on ALL weekend long.Great pizza, nice location, great service. The prices are reasonable and the portions are generous. I'm never disappointed at Lou Malnati's. It's a great place to meet friends, get together and have a good time. The last time I was there it was with a decent sized group. It was late, getting close to closing time (don't you hate people that come in close to closing time) and I'm sure some of us were being a bit obnoxious. That being said, they still took care of us, got us fed, got us buzzed and sent us on our way. Like I said, they never disappoint.The top thing on my agenda when I visited Chicago was to eat deep dish pizza. My friends recommended Lou Malnati's and while I can't compare it to other Chicago joints, I can say it was pretty damn good. My friend and I split a medium sausage pie (she was a girl, so we had leftovers). First of all, how do you make a sausage patty that big? Yeah, rather than sprinkling bits of sausage around the pizza, they make one giant pizza-sized sausage patty and throw it on there. Genius. And they blend their own sausage, which is delicious. The cheese and sauce are good, crust is crunchy. I think if I went back I'd either order a couple more toppings, like peppers and onions, or ask for extra sauce, just to give it a little more moisture. But on the whole it was delicious. And not too pricey, either.I still remain a New Haven thin crust pizza man, but rather than argue the merits of the respective styles, I'll just take both.I don't know if it gets better dining in, but as far as delivery, it's one of the worst I've had, and I know pizza, it's my favorite food. We ordered 3 cheese pizzas, nothing fancy and they arrived almost cold, not to mention the quality was not even good enough to consume... Whoever wrote a good review about this place, didn't order delivery or don't know pizzas.The service was okay though..I hate to say it, but I was really disappointed.  My salad was not very good, my deep dish pizza wasn't very good... too many whole tomatoes and not really a sauce.Just very blah compared to other Chicago deep dish venues.The main dining room lacks charm and is basically a low-ceiling, no window room, nothing special.With so many other pizza places in this city, I'd opt for an alternate spot.Better than Giordano's hands down!This place is not as popular as Giordano's because it has less advertising and less tourist attraction factor going for them, but who cares! This pizza place delivers a quality product. The cheese and tomato sauce was not overdone and the toppings were a sufficent amount. The customer service was better than Giordanos too. I will surely be back.We had the "Lou" pizza, with spinach, mushrooms, tomatoes, and a trio of cheeses oozing all over the top.  We ordered the small and it was waaaaaaaaaay too much for the two of us.  I think you can have a party of 3 or possibly 4 (if you're only going to have one slice each) and get filled up.  These slices are 2 inches thick (at least)! When I plopped it down on my plate, the cheese was oozing out and the top was bubbly and I think I might have drooled a little bit.  It was the bizzy bizomb! The crust was different, maybe a bit of cornmeal mixed in?  I couldn't tell, I just know that it wasn't competing with all of the toppings, which was great.I think this is one of the best pizzas I've ever had, even considering NYC and CA thin crust pizzas.  I haven't tried other pizza joints in Chicago so I can't compare but it is a definite must go back for me.The pizza was EXCELLENT, but everything else was pretty BRUTAL.I ordered via the phone for a meeting we were having at the office. First of all, you have to be prepared to be on hold for 5 minutes, then the person who took my order was WAY off on her recommendation for how much pizza we needed to order....we did not have nearly enough.Then there was the deliver issue...first time driver was at our office and didn't know where to park or how to get pizza's to us. When he finally made it he was great, but about 20 minutes after the delivery had been promised, and you know how a group of hungry people who have been in a meeting all day can be.......Pizza was still hot, and it is awesome. Lower rating is due to all the other hassles....Large Thin Cheese 12.202 Large Thin Cheese and sausage 28.30Large Cheese and Roni 14.15Large Thin Cheese, mushroom , green pepper, onion 17.45Large Thin the Deluxe 17.65Setups 0.00Deliver 3.25Total - 133.32 (includes $20 tip)Lou Malnati's falls somewhere in the top 15 pizza places in the city, at least this particular location.  As far as the pizza goes, I like the italian sausage and the butter crust.  Lou's doesn't drown the pizza in sauce like other deep dish places.  Solid pizza. As for the location, I like this one because it is smaller and doesn't have the long wait times that you find at other places.  I've always found the service to be good.  The atmosphere is laid back; you can have a conversation with others in your party at a comfortable speaking volume.  There are so many good choices for pizza in Chicago; this is a good one.We ate here to get a different deep dish pizza experience and Lou Malnati's does not disappoint when it comes to deep dish pizza. There's not much more I can say besides try the amazing salad if you haven't. Normally salads aren't worth talking about but they make a great salad here.Service was also pretty good. We were with a group of 6 and although suggested serving size for the salad and classic deep dish is 3-4 people our waiter advised us against ordering 2 orders of salad and we're glad he did. The portions are huge for the large salad.Also, I don't recommend sitting outside as some of the tables are really close to the street curb and cars drive by literally 1-2 feet from you.So I had heard much about Chicago pizza and was curious to try this cuisine while I was out here. Let me preface this review by showing my cards: I lived in New Haven for seven years, and as anyone versed in pizza knows, New Haven is ground zero for it. Chicago pizza is a different beast than the New Haven style. It is deep dish. I had heard some about the deep dish crust being greasy, but I didn't find that here. Actually, this crust seemed rather dry to me. We also ordered one of their thin crust pizzas, but don't even go there. It's neither Chicagoan nor anything else--the thin crust is just a sop to those who are afraid of carbo-overload.I thought the pizza was tasty. But that was it. I would not stand in line for this. It was pizza.This is one of the original deep dish joints in Chicago.  We had to try this one in addition to Uno's/Due and Ginos East on my latest trip to Chicago.  I have had a Lou Malnati's pizza that my brother had shipped to Atlanta and it was great - but when we ate it straight from the oven... its just amazing.  It's just perfect - from the crust, to the cheese, to the sauce, to the toppings.  This deep dish pizza is one of the best in Chicago hands down.It does take about 45 minutes, but it is well worth the wait.  For times when its crazy packed (like Saturday), they take your name and start your pizza so by the time you get a table, your pizza is almost ready.  And for all those people that whine about how long it takes to make - maybe they should just stop eating deep dish and giving low-star reviews.  That is just how long it takes to make.This pizza is just plain amazing.  I've eaten at many deep dish restaurants and this is among the best.   When I pass through chicago again, it is always one of my staple stops.This was my mom's favorite, and it is my top 3 favorites of Chicago style pizza.The ambiance is nice, the food is great and I love going here after plays or concerts on saturday nights.And the winner is Lou's. we tried all the best rated pizza places in Chicago and Lou's one for the overall best experience with the food.the manalti salad is fantastic as a starter!!!! one of the best salads ever. the pizza with sausage was amazing. perfection with the sausage and tomato sauce. of course you have to finish off the visit with the chocolate chip pizza...yes you do. a chocolate chip cookie made in a deep dish pizza pan covered in ice cream and whipped cream. uh.maz.ing.Probably my favorite spot to stop in Chicago, use to come here all the time. Finally after 8 years came back and it was just as good as remembered .... Wish we could get quality deep dish pizza in Denver. Defiently if you're in Chicago you must try out the Deep Dish Pizza get it with Sausage, Green Pepper and Onion , just stellerMmmmmmmmmmmm. So good. Got delivery. A large "Special" fed 4 of us more than enough. Sausage, Cheese, Cheese, Cheese, and butter crust. Delicious!Been in Chicago about 4 months now and so far this pizza might be tied for 1st with Giordanos.If you are searching for authentic, non-tourist-trap Chicago Deep Dish pizza-- look no further.Lou Malnati's is famous for it's sausage deep dish, but the stuffed spinach is where the glory really lies. Even spinach-dislikers can't help but express their admiration at such a well designed pizza. Malnati's never disappoints. Their tomato sauce is the perfect blend of saucy and chunky, with consistently fresh and flavorful tomatoes. The cheese melts oh-so-right, and their buttercrust is on-point. Ginos, you ask? No way! Only tourists go to that gig. For the real deal, head to Malnati's.HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!First of all, this was my second time eating Lou's.  First time eating at this location.SERVICE WAS HORRIBLE!!!!  The waiter took 15 minutes to even come to our table after being seated.  He also came around one time during our meal and that's because I flagged him down.  It took him 30 minutes...30 MINUTES to bring us our check and another 30 minutes to bring it back.  My husband was SUPER PISSED (and he's the nicest guy...ever!!)We didn't tip.Onto the food.The pizza (Lou's classic) was not good.   The sausage was too much!!  I like small bits of sausage in my pizza but this was an entire layer in the middle of the pizza.  Felt nauseous after a while.  The worst part was...the top of the pizza when it came to our table was watery!!  Watery pizza???? Really???  Bruschetta was delicious.  Salad was huge.  again....very disappointed.Buttercrust Rocks!  Malnati's Chicago Classic is the best Chicago style pizza we've had.  Better than the good Gino's East.  Better than the fine Giordano's.  Besides the crust, the flavorful, mild, sweet sausage tasted scrumptious.  The sauce and cheese finished it off nicely.  You gotta try it.The sports memorabilia inside was interesting, and perhaps we were lucky, but we didn't have to wait long for a table, which isn't my typical Chicago pizza experience..Coming from SF/Bay Area I can't help but compare it to Zachary's in Berkeley. To be honest, I'd have to say they are very close and I'd have to call it a draw. I'd say the toppings at Lou's are more fresh and traditional; they have great flavor and the combinations are excellent. However, I'll give Zachary's Crust the edge in terms of flakeiness and flavor.Def a must try if you're in the area.Enjoy!This place is OK... I'm not from Chicago, and I really wanted to try authentic Chicago style pizza because Zachary's (in Berkeley, CA) Chicago style pizza tastes AMAZING!!!I remember we waited an hour for our table (it must be good then, right?) and ordered the Malnati Salad and the "Malnati Chicago Classic" pizza. I'm writing this review two months after... and there was actually nothing really memorable about the pizza except that the crust was soggy :(However, I remember the salad was DELICIOUS, and I'm not a salad kinda girl. It was a tad bit disappointing when Chicago's pizzas did not compare with a Chicago-style pizza on the west coast...So Chicago is known for their deep dish pizza.....how was it???...it was just okay for me. The wait to eat in can be long, we got lucky and beat the crowd. Came around 11:30am.We ordered a medium "Malnati Chicago Classic," well enough for the four of us. It was a very basic pizza, came with just tomato sauce and their sausage. We had to add mushroom, spinach and pepperoni. I have to say, the only thing amazing was their sausage. It was very well seasoned, literally that was the only thing all of us ate and we didn't need the pepperoni.For me, there was too much crust/bread and not enough ingredients. At times, I felt like I was just eating bread. Sorry to say, but the Chicago Pizza in south bay is better.First of  2 pizza stops on our trip. It was good. I think we ordered a pepperoni and a sausage. The sausage was patty style so it was solid sausage under the cheese. I didn't care for it much but it tasted fine.One of the pizzas was ordered with regular crust and one with butter crust. As far as I could tell the butter crust was just crispier. The highlight for me was the salad! I think a large salad was about $10 and fed four of us very well. They have a wide variety of tasty salad dressings too (try the garlic!)Chicago pizza I've had:#1 Gino's East#2 Lou Malnati's#3 Giordanos.I've reviewed 'burb locations where we usually get delivery.  I took my sister to this location when she came into town from L.A.  Good ambience, busy but not tourist circus-y.  We've timed our visits well, other friends have told us it can get packed.  Be prepared to wait 35-40 minutes for your pizza.  Sis liked the pizza so much we visited the Schaumburg location before heading to the airport.  LOL.  The rest below is copied from my other Malnati review."Since we're trying to immerse ourselves in Chicago culture (moved from California), what's more iconic than deep dish pizza, right?  So we hit all the popular ones:  Uno, Gino's, Rosati's, Giordano's, and a few others I can't remember now.Conclusion:  Deep dish pizza - yummy.  Lou's was the best of the bunch.  The crust was perfectly crunchy, the dough had the best mouth-feel, the whole-pizza sausage patty well-seasoned, the cheese had wonderful texture, and the toppings are a good amount.  They store your order info under your phone #, so it's easy to tell them you want your usual - deluxe whole sausage, add pepperoni, butter crust, uncut.  Can't go wrong there.Obviously we continue our journey into the land of deep dish pizza, but I'm pretty confident Lou's remains at the top of the heap.Ha.  Didn't know I had that much to say about pizza!"We ordered to go, but still got great service from the hostess. Since we called our wing order later we had to wait a bit for it to finish cooking. We (me and my cousins) were starving after a long day at a graduation so we got our pizza first and started munching on it in the waiting area. The hostess offered us a 6 pack of drinks because our food was taking a little while. Was truly satisfying sucking it down with a nice cold beverage.Got the classic. It was deliciousThe wings are also DELICIOUS! We got them dry and the sauces on the side. Totally craved them again the next dayThis is the first location I went to for Lou Malnati years ago.    I've tried the competition.   This is the best fucking deep dish pizza I've ever had.This is an OUTSTANDING pie!  The rest of the pizza places in Chicago have to really bring out the stops!  The crust is great, crunchy but flaky.  We ordered the classic, pepperoni and sausage, got just a sausage pie.  Lunch service was slow, but it looked like our server had way too many tables to give great service.Can't wait to go back!Service amazing.  Need to stock more than just Merlot ;)HAVE AGAIN: deep dish pizzas were really good and worth the long 1 hour wait: The Lou and Malnati sausage.Caveat...I grew up in New York City in an Italian neighborhood, ate thin crust pizza as a child and that was all I knew.  Now I am older and wiser and have tried some generic deep dish pizzas, nothing to rank me as an expert, and I wasn't too impressed.  I like to think of myself as having a very adventurous palate and I will try ANYTHING edible once, I am a foodie and I know what I like.  My wife and I are on a quick vacation to Chicago, staying in a hotel in the loop and we wanted to give Chicago Deep Dish a fair taste.  We ate at Gino's East on Saturday (see my newly posted review on Ginos)  afternoon and while the pizza sauce was good and the pizza was good, the crust was a disaster, and the experience was touristy.... SOOOOOOO, here I am thinking that maybe I just don't care for deep dish pizza all that much.  I don't hate it but nothing to write home about.We continue on our touristy ways, standing on The Ledge at the Willis Tower and after coming down to earth from those heights, we made a route correction on the way back to our hotel to stop at Lou Malnati's.  Neither of us cared for Gino's crust and thought that if that was great deep dish crust, then we aren't deep dish people.  To be fair we wanted to give Deep Dish Pizza another shot, not to mention that I LOVE PIZZA and didn't want to find that there was a whole gender of pizza that I would find that I would not like....so I convinced my wife that this would be better than our pizza on Saturday.  We got to Malnati's early, lunch time on a Monday.  Got seated at the outside sidewalk tables right away.  We didn't even go inside so don't have any comments on anything other than they have a red awning over the front door that is up 3 or 4 steps from ths sidewalk.   Our waitress was right there and we ordered a soft drink and a medium Malnati Chicago Classic, a medium sized pizza with sausage, double cheese "vine-ripened tomatoes on a Buttercrust".  Our waitress was helpful, and efficient and stayed on top of our beverages.  I was having diet-coke and she kept my glass filled up for the 40 or so minutes that it took for our pie to cook.  Our pizza came out hot and sliced, we had 6 slices in a medium pie and the crust was golden brown, a saucey covered bed of cheese and sausage that DELIVERED!!  The sauce was plentiful and flavorful, it was nicely seasoned with basil and thyme evident in the taste, nicely seasoned.  There was plenty of sausage amply spread throughout our pizza, the cheese was waiting under the whole mess to surprise your palate and stretch with every bite! Then there was the crust...well it was buttery, crispy and not hard like our Saturday experience.  It all combined for a crispy, buttery wrapping around a cheesy saucey, bite of sausagey goodness.  We were full after the waitress served us both another slice and then she wrapped our pizza in aluminum foil so we could take it back on the plane with us to spread the good word on Lou Malnati's pizza.  Now I don't know if all the crusts are the "Buttercrust" because I didn't see any other pizzas on the menu with this description, but this "buttercrust" was great, crisp, buttery, great tasting and flavorful.While I am still a NY style pizza guy...thin, crisp crust, flash cooked, in a super hot oven, I am open to trying another great Deep Dish Pizza. I feel like being a New Yorker and liking Malnatis Deep Dish Pizza is almost like rooting for the Red Sox. NOT!!  The price was right, out the door with 2 slices to take with us for about $25.00 with sodas.On our yearly visit to Chicago my wife and I decided to try a new pizza place.  We are typically Giordannos people.  However I was pleasantly surprised by Lou Malnati's pizza!We got the Lou's Special, which was just sausage, cheese and sauce, but it was packed with flavor!  The sauce was so robust and delicious!  I think they may have made the sausage in house, because it had to much flavor!  My wives only complaint was maybe it was a tad too much sausage, but I loved it!  I ate it cold for breakfast the next day.Sean-Approved!Read some other reviews who said the crust was too thick or they went there for a salad.  Folks it's Chicago and its a pizza joint...you want thin crust got to NY and if you want a salad go somewhere else.  Went there after the dinner rush...I'm a big fan of thin crust so was a little hesitant.  Great pizza, great service, good beers.  Someone even ordered a salad.  All really good.  For Chicago pizza crust was not overly thick....just right.  Get the usual, we also had a vegetarian as well very nice.  Would go back for sure.Abit of a wait. But all worth it. Don't bother getting anything else but the pizza. We got an appetizer while waiting. It was very mediocre. Pizza take 30min....so,make sense to order before you are seated.First time I had deep dish pizza and it was incredible (I did also try East Ginos so I have some basis of comparison). I had their classic pizza with sausage and butter crust. The crust was incredible on its own (I felt like I was tasting a pastry). Sausage was good and had the right amount of cheese and sauce). The only mistake I made was getting a personal size and not sharing a regular size, as it's not actually as deep.I heard about this place once I got to Chicago. Coming from California, I heard about Giordano's because Derrick Rose is a stakeholder.I tried Giordano's first and thought the deep dish pizza was good. After trying Lou Malnati's, I realized what GREAT deep dish pizza was like!The funny thing is I'm not naturally a huge fan of deep dish pizza; I'd rather have tasty thin pizza, the more authentic Italian style, the kind that Toto's make. Lou Malnati's is the best deep dish I ever had though. It lived up to the hype. The service at this place too was great. I went alone one night, and the bartender / waiter serving me was nice, made some mighty good cocktails, and was on top of it!Great deep dish butter crust pizzaJust about every Chicago pizzeria claims to have the best pizza of some sort (Pat's for thincrust, Gino's, Chicago, Giordano's for pan). It's subjective, but I give Lou's the edge. It also has the feel of being Chicago's oldest family run pizza restaurant, though this location ws only opened in 1986. While Lou Malnati (who died in 1978) did work in Chicago's first deep dish pizzeria in the 1940s, the first branch wasn't opened until 1971 in Lincolnwood.  With 21 branches now, it's still family run, and in 1995 they opened a West Side branch with all profits going back to the community for children's educational and recreational programs. Not only can you enjoy the pizza for it's flavor, but also for its philanthropy!Perfect Place.  Perfect Location.  Perfect Pizza.Imagine a plethora of designers and architects taking over Chicago for an insane party called NeoCon.  Imagine trying to find lunch anywhere near the merchandise mart.  Imagine being in heels and realizing that you'll be hiking your ass somewhere b/c you're in Chicago and it is absolutely necessary that you eat deep dish pizza.Imagine how happy I was that Lou's was only 2 blocks away.  I went at peak lunch hours and waited 10 minutes or so for a seat at the bar... and then another 45 minutes for the 6" personal pizza.I managed to kill some time by hanging out w/ my dear friend jack daniels and talking sports w/ a couple local men who traded secrets of Chi-Town with me.I managed to leave with having devoured an amazing pizza, pizza sauce on my white shirt and plans to go to wrigley field later.hey... when in Rome go to Wrigley Field and Lou Malnati's.All I have to say is BUTTER CRUST!!! and the best part is you can order it online: tastesofchicago.com  So even though I am back on the west coast, I can still have my chicago pizza!!! YUM-O!!!On my road trip from San Francisco to the east coast, my friend suggested that I must check out Lou Malnati's. I'm so glad I did. On my last day in Chicago, after a week here, it was a good way to end the week long vacation Chicago style. The deep dish pepperoni cheese pizza was amazing. Drinks were measured, so I had to drink down 4 drinks (incl. a long island) in 1 hour though.The bartender was really nice. Great conversation. Everyone there were so personable. Really enjoyed the food and great people. What else can you ask for? Definitely will be back here again when I re-visit Chicago in the spring.Lou Malnati's (INSERT GREATER THAN SIGN HERE) Giordano's....don't even think about Uno's. I got the Deluxe Individual, which was PERFECTly sized for me and I am stuffed! (Although if you are a boy, I would suggest getting the Small) The sausage was the best part of the pizza. I couldn't believe how delicious the Italian sausage tasted and green peppers, mushrooms, and onions were so incredibly fresh! There were toppings a plenty..and just the perfect amount of cheese! It wasn't gooopy at all like other Chicago deep dish pizzas...it was perfection! I have died and gone to pizza heaven!!! This was completely amazing. PLUS....$6.85 for an individual pizza!! you can't beat that! :) Wash it down with a glass of Chicago's Goose Island beer, and you'll have the most delicious pizza experience in your entire life! :)This review is based my on my tastes preference for deep-dish and my experience with other established joints in Chicago...I know a lot of people are crazy for this place but for me it just didn't work out.  (I've been here twice before)Wednesday Night 7:30pm - 2 for dinnerC     Deep Dish Pizza - Sausage.  Simply put: not enough cheese, not enough crust, too much sausage.  But that might be your thing so go here if you want a less bountiful deep dish experience. Also, there's no taste of freshness either; like everything came out of a can.   I prefer the Pizzeria Uno Deep Dish much more; the distribution of cheese to crust to sausage ratio is spot on.   C      Dining Room.  Be prepared to yell because the noise level of the back room is off the scale.  Only 2 tables empty so it was pretty full and the low ceilings provided awful acoustics.  Otherwise, clean, a little on the bright side, and lots of sports jerseys framed on the wall.  2 TVs straddle the corners of the room keeping a watchful eye on the diners.S'Okay, I'd go elsewhere given a choice.I used to come here a lot and also grew up eating Lou's from their restaurant in Wilmette. Their service is fast and they also have great deep dish pizza! One thing I don't like is that they don't put a lot of sauce on their pizzas but I still give it 5 stars because I love their crust and the cheese! Parking is hard to find unless you come late at night so I'd recommend taking the bus or walking there.Saturday, March 20, 2010, lunch for five.Following my 2/14 review of Lou Malnatti's in the downtown Chicago loop area, I had been contacted by the general manager to apologize for the poor service I had experienced and to offer a complimentary pizza certificate to give them another shot. Glad I did.I took a party of five good friends to Lou's and ordered a large stuffed pepperoni (1/2) and sausage (1/2) pizza, in addition to a medium "Lou's" / supreme pizza, mozzarella sticks and wings. We were seated upstairs and service this time around was prompt and great. We never needed to look around for a server and refills were prompt. Food was served piping hot (as it should be), with cheese thick and elastic, crust was better than I had previously remembered. Everyone enjoyed the food and atmosphere. This second trip leads me to believe the service the first time around was simply a fluke. Would gladly return.This is it. This is the place. You like pizza? Chicago-style? Thin crust? Deep dish? It's all here and it's made to perfection and not just at this location, I'm talking ALL locations. Malnati Jr. goes and checks his tomatoes everywhere so you'll be getting consistent and fantastic results whether it's here at the one where I had an amazing night or at the take-out only one in Tinley Park.I had the simple deep dish pepperoni with the butter crust and it was a pizza experience. I'm talking true Chicago-style pizza; no bullshit. I've been really serious and pumped about  the authenticity and quality of Chicago-style pizza all over for about three years now and I can honestly say that Lou Malnati's knows how to take care of business in Chicago.Service was top-notch. Prices were reasonable. Quality was outstanding. What the hell else do you need to know? Each slice is served to you as you eat it. I cannot stress enough how respectful of a place Lou Malnati's is to Chicago-style pizza.Go with a group and enjoy yourself. It's worth it.Oh and to say "It's right up there with Gino's East" is like saying In-N-Out burger is right up there with McDonalds.Of course it's up there with Gino's East, it's also LIGHTYEARS past it.We had the deep dish "lou". It was good but the thing about veggie pizza is that it gets soggy. I can understand why their sausage is their favorite but meats on pizzas get so salty.... hmm.We also had the house salad-  wet and not very fresh looking, oh well.The calamari wasn't impressive at all, especially the sauce that came with it. It wasn't marinara, more vinegary and oily... it just didn't taste right...We looked to our left and a couple were finishing up their thin pizza which looked really good. We're gonna try that next. But for now... Lou, you're A-OK.Oh my lord.. it was good.  Living in San Diego all of my life, I've never really had authentic deep dish pizza.  So visiting Chicago, binging on deep dish pizza was a must and I have to say my first ever experience was amazing.  We ordered a small pie which was perfect for a pair of extremely famished out-of-towners (and I wish places in San Diego offered that) with mushroom, spinach and pepperoni, that's the winning combo right there.  Oh Lou Malnati's.... until I'm in Chicago again... Sigh!This is my second time to eat here.This time I had Malnati salad, spinach bread and small Lou pizza.The salad was good but I remember I had spinach salad and it was much better. Spinach bread is great and there are lots of cheese inside and the crust is tasty. However, I feel Lou pizza is not that good as the one I had when I first time here. But I can't remember what kind of pizza I had when I came here the first time.This review is strictly based on carry out and thin crust pizza.  Lou's has it down to a science.  Last time I called and placed my order they said it would be ready at 6:06.  Not 6:05, not 6:10, 6:06.  I got there a few minutes early and they said it will be ready in 4 minutes.  Okay.  So now I'm watch and sure enough, 6:06, out comes my pizza a salad.  I always get the Lou's salad and a thin cheese pizza.  So good.  Crust is delicious.  My only complaint and reason why it only gets 4 stars, I asked for a well done pizza and when I got it home it was just melted.  It was still good but not what I wanted.  I know they were crazy busy but they should still make sure they give you what you want.Very Very GOOD Pizza!! It was a lot more than what I expected and took most of it home. However, leftovers are not as good. This pizza is meant to be enjoyed while its hot in it's cast iron dish. Also, pizza taste so much better with a nice cold beer! This place surpassed my expectations. Next time I find myself in chicago this will be my first stop!!I'm from California so note that my taste may be different from locals.I would have to say that I preferred Gino's East over Lou Malnati's but then when i ate the leftovers I preferred Lou Malnati's.  I guess I would recommend Gino's East when eating in and Lou Malnati's when taking out.  Strange!Service was good though.Personal Sized Deep Dishes w/ their so-called butter crusts.I got the renowned "classic" which is sausage and he had the pepperoni. At about $7 each, it was loaded with.......cheese! I love me some cheese but wow, this cheese weighed me Down. Honestly, I didnt taste the butter...it tasted regular to me. Im missing it. It was crispy, dont get me wrong...my palette just didnt Get what everyone Got. The sausage pizza was better than pepperoni, I must say that. And he, he who loves pepperoni agreed. Rec' by a friend, we had to try this place. Deep Dish just isnt for these two Houstonians. Bigger is better, but in this case, deeper is not better. lol.This is the BEST pizza in Chicago. I love it here. Lou Malnati's is one of the few places that I think cooks a better pizza than I can make. The wait times will be long, but it's so worth it.I love this place! I actually don't even like pizza (I know, I'm weird) but my sister insisted we try deep dish during our first time in Chicago so we ended up here. We ordered the Lou and O-M-G! The Parmesan crust had me craving this pizza for days! Three kinds of cheese, spinach, and fresh tomatoes add to the awesomeness.A must-have for Chicago visitors!Maybe I'm just not that big a fan of deep dish pizza.  I was in Chicago for a weekend and  this was my first experience with deep dish.  The line on a Sunday night (Labour day weekend) was out the door.  After being told that the wait time was 1.5 hours, we decided to get take out instead.  The wait time for this was only 35 min.  After window shopping in the nearby expensive (but really modern) furniture stores, we returned to pick up our food.We order the  following:Malnati Salad:Nothing special.  Fresh as expected.Malanati Chicago Classic: Ordered the medium (supposed serves 3 people).  We were only able to eat 1 slice each.  It is unbelievably heavy.  This could probably feed 5-6 people.Stuffed Spinach Bread:Again, it was ok.  A bit on the heavy side.  You get the idea with this restaurant.Thin Crust pizza:We didn't actually order this, but they had a pizza going around to the people waiting for tables, so we got to try it.  This was pretty good.  Looking back, we probably should have ordered this instead.When in Chicago one has to get deep dish right? So i went to the place I've seen on TV shows and gets the rave reviews from critics. I asked some locals in the area and most recommended Lou Malnati's.The inside is actually very small. And bare bones. With some framed jerseys on the wall they have a sports theme. I walked by at 7 on a night of the Stanley Cup and it was a zoo outside.I went early one night around 5 though and avoided the crowds. I got the small deep dish with extra cheese and mushrooms. I love the cast iron pan it comes in at the table. So how was it? I'm a New Yorker, therefore we don't get deep dish unless you go to a Pizzeria Uno chain in New Jersey. So i was looking forward to the authentic real thing. The pizza was tasty, definitely cheeeeeeesy and had a really nice savory tomato sauce with just the right amount of sweetness but there are two critiques I have.1. I wish the crust was able to hold the toppings a little better. I felt the crust may have been a little under baked, because some pieces the cheese just slid off.2. I wanted more mushrooms. Some slices didn't have more than a couple of mushrooms.Overall though, I enjoyed it. It's not New York pizza but I mean c'mon. In an out in 45 minutes to go to my next eating exploration. Next time I am in Chicago I want to try others to see how they stand up.I had the sausage pizza. Great crispy, buttery crust. Liked the sauce but there wasn't enough. Completely bland sausage!  Okay cheese. And that sums up my experience so I hope there are better Chicago deep dishes because this was not the best.This place is our favorite place for deep dish pizza. Their daily soup is also good if you have mood for a bowl. We also like to order their frozen pizza which can be shipping to NYC. Love this place!First of all, I really really wanted to love this place. And I think I could, but I I also dont think we chose well when ordering.We were in Chicago just for a day, so we walked from Navy Pier to this shop. Not a bad walk, and were seated right away, which for lunch time on a Saturday, I was pleased. Our server was fantastic. I cant remember his name, but was chatty, informative, and checked on us quite a few times. Kept our glasses filled, and asked questions as he told us about the menu. I think our problem was that my guest and I really wanted different pizzas, and thus, we settled on lunch sized individual 6" pizzas. He chose the pepperoni, and I got the Lou - a white pizza with a garlic/spinach blend and mushrooms. We also started with the appetizer sampler.The sampler was a large platter of fried stuff... zucchini, mushroom, mozzarella cheese sticks, and cheddar cheese balls. The flavor was good, but it was just way too fried. Served with marinara and ranch, I found myself picking of even more of the fried coating than I usually do. I wish I would have ordered a bruschetta or garlic bread app instead. Maybe next time.I did not try the pepperoni pizza, so I will comment just on mine, the Lou. It had a good taste and mouth feel, and I liked the spinach/garlic/cheese blend. What I didnt love though, was that it did not remind of me of real deep dish pizza. And I know that Lou Malnati's is not necessarily known for the deepest dish, but I was disappointed in the deepness of the individual pizza. We saw several smalls and mediums come out that looked much deeper. To be fair, the server did recommend a small instead of the 2 individuals. He said you get the same amount of pizza, and its cheaper, but since we had such different topping interests, we settled for individuals.I'd like to come back again, and order more appropriately. I know the thin crust gets good marks too, so perhaps one of those is in order. So I guess for me, this review is somewhat of an Incomplete. I hope I get a chance to modify soon.This is my favorite stop for Chicago deep dish pizza.  Order either the Chicago Classic to enjoy their delicious sausage or go with The Lou if you're looking to skip the meat.  Both are amazing!  Also spring for the butter crust and you will not regret it.  Can get very busy so if you're not up for waiting try hitting them between peak meal times to snag a table faster.May 2013I had to get Chicago deep dish while in Chicago, although when it comes to pizza I generally prefer thin crust wood-fired pizzas.  I usually avoid chains when traveling, but since this is a Chicago-based chain and I was staying on the Loop, I decided to try this out after a showing of Book of Mormon.  We arrived just before closing and immediately ordered the Malnati Chicago Classic since it takes about 30 minutes to bake.  No waiting for a table if you get there 30 minutes before closing on a weeknight.  The pizza arrived hot, oozing cheese all over the place.  The sausage had good seasoning, the tomato sauce was nice and chunky, and Buttercrust was crispy and buttery just as the name implied.  It's definitely a heavy pizza but at the same time didn't seem overly so either.  Overall a satisfying meal which was light on the wallet too.  A small pizza that feeds 2 hungry adults is only about $14.Nothing makes me happoer than pizza, so I was super stoked to have some authentic deep dish pizza. Lou's is definitely delicious, packed full of cheese, meat, sauce and spinach. The butter crust was great.I would recommend Lou's to anyone wanting to try different pizzeria's in Chicago. This was my second favorite.Excellent Chicago style pizza. I will always be a Chicago deep pan pizza gal. Guess its in the genes. Pizza was decadent -cheesy, delicious. One slice and a 312 goose island wheat and I was done. Can't wait to return here.So we were told that this was a great place for pizza. I don't get it because it was not very good at all. Our crust was under cooked and the pizza came out of the crust kind of like it was not even cooked. We talked to the waiter and we were told that is how they come. Try it yourself, but its not for me.Being a new transplant to Chicago I am certainly not the one to even pretend to be any sort of authority on Chicago-style pizza, but this place came highly recommended to us and certainly lived up to the raves from those who recommended it.  We went on a Wed around 8PM and were able to get metered parking right out front and get a seat with no waiting.We ordered the Malnati salad to share, which was delicious and had just the right amount of dressing... yum.  Perfect size as an appetizer for 3 people.Then we ordered one small "Lou" and one large "Malnati Chicago Classic", as recommended by the waitress.  This was my first "Chicago deep dish" and I must admit I was kind of expecting the dough-full crust like the deep dishes from fast-food places or other pizza joints.  To my delicious delight the pizza was flavorful, ooey-gooey, with the authentic cheese that stretches further than you can reach to break it... and the crust was not too doughy at all.  It's kind of hard to explain without ordering one yourself, but it's almost as though the pizza is cooked in a deep dish to hold in all the wonderful sauce, toppings and cheese more than because the dough actually rises so much it needs the high sides.We tried to stop at 8PM on a Sunday night and parking was still easy but the wait was 30 minutes... so we will be going again, but on a week night :)I loved the fact that they had "individual" sized portions. For once in my life I could finish an entire pizza all by myself.That felt really good.Of course the cheese was great and all that.Try Lou's special spinach & cheese bread- ooh.I'm all cheesed-out for at least a week.This one, I cannot figure out...maybe someone else can?I'd been to this location several times before and thought it was well below the quality of what I'd had both at a couple 'burban locations and at Taste every year (I swear, it is the best I've had when at Taste, which seems odd...)  I was beginning to think I was crazy, but then we stopped here after a euchre game a few weeks ago, and it turns out, that again, it was definitely not as good here as at the other locations.  So I will just go to those locations and continue to finish off my Taste experience every year with a trip to the LM booth.  Still in my top three in Chicago, just won't go to the Wells location.I had read the reviews and had the Lou Malnati's at their Lincoln Park location and thought I would give this one a try. After tonight though I'll have to say it's definitely not the best deep dish in the city. Although tasty, it wasn't mind blowing which I always expect when going for a proper deep dish. The service was really good and attentive which was nice, no problems splitting a check. The bathrooms were pretty run down which grossed me out a bit, considering the dining areas were clean and modern(ish).So if someone woke me up and 3AM and shouted "WHATS YOUR FAVORITE PIZZA, QUICK!", I'd scream "Lou's!!".  There many great pizza places in Chicaog, for years I always ordered the pan pizza there and then one day I had their thin and I think i like it even better.Add a salad with the tasty raspberry vinaigrette and you can pretend you are eating healthy.I thought the pizza was alright...not great.  After hearing from several people that Gino's was the touristy place to go and none of the locals eat there, we decided to try Lou's over Gino's and Giordano's (recommended by a local).  The pizza wasn't bad...I got the deluxe.  There seemed to be very little meat on it and almost seemed like a veggie pizza.It's hard to have bad pizza (which I didn't here), but I was disappointed when I left thinking Pizza Hut would have been just as good or better.Lou Malnati's is the standard. No questions asked. Whenever I eat pizza, I always compare it to how well it stacks up to Malnati's. The sausage deep dish pizza is my personal favoriteThe secret is in their ingredients. The cornmeal that they use for their crust is perfect for deep dish pizza. It doesn't get overburdened with sogginess and retains the flavor very well. The goat cheese is also key in that it doesn't leave a sick feeling in your stomach after you have had a couple of pieces. The icing on the cake are the real chunk of tomatoes that they use on top. Absolute perfectionPeople ask me all the time what I think the best pizza in Chicago is and I always refer them to Malnati's. If you want genuine Chicago-style pizza look no further!Word is this is the place for pizza in Chi-town.  Bring it on!Went with my buddy who is a local and this is his go-to deep dish pizza joint. We got the "delux" and the "lou". The quality of the ingredients cannot be disparaged, the taste and the texture satisfies as well. I did notice a bit of water around the edge of the crust and the toppings, like it hadn't quite set yet. It actually did get better as it sat for 10 minutes or so. Good stuff. I actually preferred the "lou", even after hearing about and tasting the much heralded sausage in the delux (mind you , it was good). I think it was the slight bit of cheddar they use in the lou that gives it a bit of zing. normally I have no interest in cheddar on a pizza, but this worked. Word to the newbies: these suckers are dense! two slices are quite enough for someone with a big appetite, so unless you can take it away, order conservatively!YUM! I live in Orlando, Florida and we have a ton of Giordono's pizzas around here...so we thought we would try something different while in Chicago.This place came highly recommended and was delicious. We started with the calamari that was ok...but NOTHING like delicious Maggiano's. Their pizza was GREAT! Known for their deep dish pizzas, we went with that and got the house speciality of "The Lou" (spinach, cheeses, sliced tomatoes...YUM!). It was really good. I am not usually a deep dish person because it is wayyy too much breading for me (even though I am a carb lover), but their pizza was just the right amount of breading for deep dish. The crust didn't have a whole lot of flavor...but it was good.Great for a cheap lunch date...only about $26 for an appetizer, two drinks, and a pizza for two. So, not bad for in the city.Everything here was great, even though I didnt partake of the pizza (I was pizza'd out but I really wanted to try it!) the italian beef was excellent and very cheesy! Curly fries were great and I'm coming here again the next time I come to Chicago!The only thing that was a bit "off" was our waitress was vegetarian, so asking her if the italian beef was good was rather pointless.ARE YOU KIDDING? I haven't reviewed Zachary's yet?! OK... well that's next... I'll do this one first because it's fresh on my mind......So being a Cal alumn I grew up on Zachary's. But I had never had a true Chicago style deep dish pizza to compare it to... so I felt rather biased in saying that Zachary's pizza was the best thing EVER... So I resolved that the next time I was in Chicago, I would go and get true Chicago style deep dish pizza... and I would settle that question once and for all......So for the past couple of weeks (OK maybe a month) every time we had meetings preparing for this meeting I would say, "OK, team, the most important thing for this upcoming meeting is for us to go get Chicago style deep dish pizza..." I wonder if my colleagues got annoyed of me saying that... Hehehe... Anyway so... We got here to Chicago and all of us that were on the SFO to ORD flight were starving... So I said, "Deep dish pizza?" (Borderline obnoxious, I know.) Within 20 minutes (after saying hellos to a bunch of other folks we ran into in the lobby) we were on our way to Lou Malnati's (which was recommended by the kind concierge at the Westin River North lobby)......And the verdict? Zachary's wins. At least for me. The pizza at Lou's was OOOOOOKAY. For someone who's used to getting tomato filled deep dish pizzas... These cheese filled ones were a bit bland... But I wonder if something was wrong with my taste buds? Because I couldn't really taste the heaps of red pepper flakes I put on top... Maybe it was the FANTASTIC salad that masked the pizza... Man was that salad good... Mushrooms, olives, baaaaacccoooon, tomatos... YUMMY YUMMY dressing... WOW......So, if it was just the pizza, I would have given this place 3 stars. But since the salad was so freakin' good... I'll give it 4. Oh and the soda was freakin' big too... I guess that's a plus. Oh and the company was great. :) Overall, I am not impressed with THIS Chicago style deep dish pizza... Who wants to recommend another one that might beat Zachary's? ;) Coz it's still the best thing ever!Even with numerous locations, it does not cheapen the authenticity and perfection of a Lou Malnati's deep dish pizza.   It's still the best deep dish pizza in Chicago.  The texture and the distinct flavor of the crust make it one of the best pizzas for the money.   A great deep dish pizza!  Fun, casual dining spot in River North.Yes, yes, yes.  Um...yes.  Go right now and don't think about it.  Deep dish sausage is delicious.  I don't care if you're a vegetarian.  You're only short-changing yourself if you don't get the sausage.  Pepperoni lovers, same thing.Service is prompt, water is cold, house salad dressing could be better.  No real flavor, and if you think you can get away with that, use a better vinegar.So, did I mention the pizza?  Buttery crust, fennel packed sausage, and reheats like a dream in the oven (step away from the microwave).Get some.Lou Malnati's is my favorite Chicago deep dish pizza; therefore, it gets five stars. You might disagree with my tautological interpretation of the star system, but it's Chicago and SOMEONE has to get five stars.Go here if you like Chicago deep dish, or if you have a visitor from out of town (I've never actually eaten deep dish without visitors). The reasons Malnati's wins:-Better service. Gino's took an hour and a half to get us pizza once.-Butter crust. Delicious.-Schlocky Shicago themed sports paraphernalia.-Not making a huge deal about it being the Chicago thing -- deep dish pizza. Oh my god, it's deep dish pizza! Ethel, get out your camera and I'll take your picture with the pizza! They'll be so jealous back in Moline, gee! Okay, sorry about that... the point is, Malnati's doesn't assume deep dish pizza eaters are rubes from corn country. They just make pizza.Recently went to Chicago for the 3rd time and took the wife to Lou Malnati's again. It was as good as before and we loved our deep dish! We got the 'Manlnati's Chicago Classic" and it was great.Next time (and every time) we are back in Chicago, we'll be heading to Lou's.Deep dish pizzas can be a hefty meal.  Not Lou Malnati's pizza.  I can say, without a doubt, that this is the best deep dish pizza.  It's not too doughy, and it is just the right amount of saucy!  The crust was incredible!  When it comes to pizza, I"m all about the crust.  To me, all crusts taste good, but Lou Malnati's crust is PHENOMENAL!  I took an out of town friend for dinner here, and this pizza was a HIT!I did not give them 5 stars because their wine selection was almost nonexistent!  You would think an Italian restaurant would be oozing with wine, right?!  Booze aside, the pizza alone makes the experience here.  YUM!As a Chicagoan, Lou Malnati's is my FAVORITE deep dish pizza.  Hands down.Okay this is Chicago and everyone has their own personal opinions about who has the best pizza in town, and what constitutes 'good' pizza.  I think there are three main categories of pizza, you have the thin stuff, the 'pan' stuff that has some depth, and the 'deep dish' or 'stuffed' pizza that is just massive.  Lou's is hands down the best middle of the road 'pan' style Chicago Pizza.I think a good pizza is about a good crust and sauce, toppings yeah they are important but without the crust and sauce the toppings don't matter.  Lou's has the best crust and sauce I've ever had on a pizza, the toppings are also excellent.  It's just fantastic substantive pizza that doesn't get overwhelmed by stuff toppings (If you want the obscenely thick stuffed pizza head to Giordano's, Lou's isn't that and they are better because of it).I couldn't recommend this place enough... it's not a place that will be buzzing with annoying tourists, but it is busy because Lou's isn't a secret.  The service is good but be patient, it takes a while to cook the stuff.  If your in a rush you can call ahead and put in your order (or if there is a wait, you can order so it cooks while you wait for your table... do this, be smart don't wait until you sit down to order a pizza that takes more than 20 min to cook).This is by far and away the place I recommend visitors/friends of mine try when they visit Chicago and are looking for 'Chicago Style' pizza.  There are other great pizza's in Chicago, but if you have to ask this guy Lou's is the top and the one place I make sure I get to when I stop through Chicago (I no longer live there).I finallyyyyy got to visit Chicago and like any tourist the first thing I wanted to eat was A massive portion of the famous dish pizza. So after a few beers down watching the bulls game I scampered over to Lou Malnati's for their signature pizza.I ordered the Chicago deep dish special which is extra cheese, huge chunks of sausageeee and some veggies. After a long 40 minute wait for the massive thing to cook it was brought out and laid before my eyes.The thing was hugeeeee and smelled great so I quickly began to devour the beast. Deep dish was like no pizza I had ever had before and I really did enjoy it. It's very filling but also very tasty and its an all around unique way to enjoy a normal slice of pizza.I'm not a deep dish expert but Lous defienetly served a high quality pie.They shouldn't call it "deep dish pizza".  They should call it "thick crust pizza"  Someone told me that it was their style, having the crust thicker than the rest of the cheese and toppings, but sorely disappointed.  All the other deep dish pizzas I had were filled with toppings and cheese, but I felt like all I ate was crust.I had the sausage pizza...and the sausage did not have much flavor to it at all.  Disappointed.4 stars for the better choice between Lou Malnati's & Gino's East. I don't see what the comparison is...Lou Malnati's is both cheaper and tastes better.They also give you the option of pre-ordering for your table while you wait. That is one thing I hate...being told I need to wait 45 min to 1 hour for my food (Gino's East). My disappointment with deep dish pizza is tasting mostly crust. If I want that, I'll order bread. I still haven't seen sausage that covers the pizza like a hat. It's probably my fault for hyping up deep dish too much to find out that it's not that great.If you're debating here versus Gino's, save your money and appetite and choose Lou's.We checked out Lou Malnati's after a friend that used to live in Chicago told us it was the best pizza she ever had. We wanted to try everywhere we could while we were in town. I have to disagree. I was disappointed with the pizza.Now please note - The service was EXCELLENT! We asked if we could get in and out in 60 minutes and they made an extra effort to do so. We were in and out with 10 minutes to spare. The waiter was fantastic and the atmosphere was great. On to the pizza - The cheese was bland, there was barely any sauce (just small tomato chunks), and the crust was too buttery and crispy. Hardly edible. I was starving so I ate it and was full, but I wouldn't go back. I'll stick with another Chicago pizza instead (Giordano's). Some people swear by Lou Malnati's but it just isn't what I was looking for in my pizza. By the way - if you get sausage it's a giant patty of sausage just laying on top of the pizza. I'm used to crumbles of sausage, I guess I don't "get" how they do it in Chicago.We're slowly getting there...Went to use our gift card that the manager sent - it was a Friday night and it was absolutely packed.  They said it would be a 35-40 minute wait., which was pretty spot-on.  We placed our pizza order when we put our name in with the hostess, which is a pretty genius idea.Sat down in what I thought was the bar area, but apparently you have to wait for a table there too.  Waiter was nice - energetic and helpful.  We placed an order for the cheesy bread appetizer, which took a lot longer to get to us than I thought it would - but it was fairly busy so we understood. Waiter forgot my drink for like 15 minutes, but ended up bringing my date a free beer, which was nice.   Pizza was good, nothing to write home about, but good.  Overall, a much better experience this time around.Finally here! Yes I have been waiting such a long time to come here. My gf loves this place and I did try two other pizza joints in Chicago. The other G's to be exact. So here is the scoop - this place did taste different than the other two. The sauce is better, but what gets it is the crust. Its really buttery and the sausage patty (my recommendation) is perfect on the the pie. Their pizza has what you pay for, meat, veggies, where the other guys tend to skimp on the meat. Also the other places crust sucks!!!The pricing is identical, and it does take a while to get your pie. Hey at least you know its fresh as fresh. Their salad is also very good. I woke up with a hangover and the salad settled my tummy before eating my pie. They sell the pizza and the salad dressing (I should have brought some home) but I only brought 3 pizzas home from this place.I tried the three on the 3 nights that we were in Chicago. I suggest you do the same, but I think Lou's will come out on top.So comparing the different deep dish pizzas around town a friend suggested we go to this place!  We went on a Thursday so it wasnt so bad.  Our server was very helpful with everything that makes this place famous and competitive to Gios.  All I can say was wow it was very good with the buttery crust!  Now I do like Gios a bit better but I will never say no to Lou's sauage deep dish pizza.....yummy!!!Went there with the family during Spring Break 2012.Great Food - nice and clean as well.We had the Sausage Deep Dish as well as Cheese Thin crust along with Chicken and Noodle dish for my wife. So much food that we had to take the rest home.We would go there again. After lunch we walked over to the Jazz Record Store on Illinois street which was perfect for working off the pizza.We got this pizza for takeout, since the wait for a table was ridiculous (over an hour) and the restaurant was uncomfortably hot.Sauce and cheese were great, and so was the top crust. Bottom crust (bottom of the slice) wasn't as great but I wonder if that's because it wasn't served in the hot pan.As a New Yorker i love love love pizza but what human being doesn't love pizza. I tend to think that New York Pizza is the best that United States has to offer, but i kept an open mind since i was in Chicago. It goes back to that old debate question who's pizza is better New York or Chicago. The Chicago deep dish pizza is one of the many things Chi-Town is known for and I wanted to know if it would live up to the hype. My friends ordered a whole pie which was delivered at lightning speed and was still steaming hot, so i was very impressed with that quick service. Over the course of my trip I had four different deep dish pizza's from different establishments and Lou's by far the best. Crunchy, buttery, doughy, cheesy and very tasty is the best way i can describe the regular deep dish slices that I had. Taste wise in comparison to New York slices I just don't see it beating a Grimaldi's or Forcella. But it definitely represents Chicago as the best slice, if i lived here I would only have Lou Malnati's PizzaGreat pizza and great service!  You can't  go wrong with this place if you want great pizza and great service.Best Deep dish pizza everWith only 2 days in Chicago, we wanted to try at least a Deep Dish Pizza and the Chicago hot dog. Yelp gave rave ratings of this pizza joint which is a chain with many locations in the Chicago area. Having just finished dinner, we opted for a 6-inch individual classic (just to try) and waited out the standard 30 minutes because the pizza was being made from scratch. It feels like a homey pizza shop even though it's a chain, it definitely contrasts against the Papa Johns or Pizza Huts where its mainly a carry-out only place. The pizza was good, buttery crust and bottom.Came for lunch. Pizza looked underwhelming. Not as deep as I imagined deep dish to be. Loads of cheese so be prepared. Butter crust was heavy. Spinach salad was pretty standard. Maybe deep dish is just not my thing.Oh my...Lou Malnati's, you had me at first bite...Now I haven't tried many deep dishers, but as far as I'm concerned, Lou's is the best.  Sure, there can be quite a wait for tables, especially on a warm summer night, but the staff is very friendly and will take your order while you wait at the bar and enjoy a sample of their prized pizza.  This particualr location is pretty big, so it is perfect for groups or watching sports on their numerous TVs, and the vibe is a nice mix of locals and out-of-town visitors.  And what can I say about the pizza- it is truly a masterpiece.  The crust is perfectly crispy, and the pizza is totally stuffed with the right blend of tomato sauce, cheese, and various toppings.  If you are a bread lover, I recommend not getting any toppings- the crust and cheese will put you in heaven!  Lou Malnati's is definitely a must for that classic Chicago pizza!I could not finish my stay in Chicago without trying the Deep Dish Pizza; and Lou Malnati's was my choice. And it was a great choice! My girlfriend and I order a salad and a small pizza (with peperoni) to share. Perfect amount for late lunch! The salad was good and very well dressed, and the deep dish pizza met our expectations. It was full of cheese and a great tomato sauce, and we enjoyed the peperoni: they were very tasty. All of this including a couple of beers cost us $31. Good price for THE Chicago experience. The only negative point, the service was quite impersonal. Just so-so. But the place deserves a visit!Got us in quickly & the pizza was to die for!!As a native, this was the only deep dish pizza I enjoyed.  Oh how I miss that butter crustLou Malnati's has some of the best pizza in Chicago. This is definitely the spot to go if you're looking for quality deep-dish (Chicago's Pizza Trademark :)! I always order sausage, mushroom, and spinach deep-dish and have always been satisfied. Their minestrone soup is amazing! Prices are appropriate due to the restaurant's location and reputation for delicious food!In my opinion, better than Gino's east. Not only because there was no wait, but the crust tasted a lot better. Deep dish still hasn't won me over. Nevertheless, this pizza was good, and deep dish is a must have when visiting Chicago. Lou Malnati's beats Gino's East.How could I go to Chicago without eating deep dish pizza? Haha, not happening!I was visiting a friend who is a med student in Chicago, and we (read: I) wanted to have a Chicago signature dish before I returned to Cambridge.We expected to wait because well, it's deep dish pizza. After about a 40 min wait, we sat down and had our signature pizza with added spinach, as it seemed too meaty without something green. The pizza came around 10-15 minutes after we sat down (you can put in your order while you wait for your table so you don't have to wait 30+ min after you sit down, and the restaurant times your order with the availability of a table) and o.m.g. it was AMAZING. Super cheesy and super topped with tomato sauce, but full of flavor and really hit the spot after a whole day of walking around Chicago and being a tourist. Super filling though and slightly hard to cut. This is the one pizza that requires utensils to eat.I grew up eating this pizza, and it still remains #1 in my heart, even though I'm far away in Florida.  Don't get me wrong, I've also been to Gino's East and Giordano's, but they can't quite wow my tastebuds like Lou can.I made it back up to Chi-town for a 6-month internship last year and took everyone I knew to experience a lil Lou's.  Most of them absolutely loved it.  Those that didn't, weren't a huge fan of all the cheese.  But I mean, that is deep dish after all.  So I discredit their opinions, hehe.My family and I love the pizza so much that we frequent Loumalnatis.com to overnight ship 4 pizzas to Florida at least 3 or 4 times a year.  The pizzas aren't AS GOOD as fresh out of THEIR oven, but they certainly are comparable. Mmm mm good.One negative in my opinion, I suppose, is that the pizza is topped with a ton of tomatoes/sauce and I'm not a big tomato girl, so I usually scrap half of them off to downplay the tomato-ness.I've never ordered anything but the pizza or the garlic/cheese bread (which isn't anything amazing, but still tasty), because honestly, it's all about the pizza. :)  Now go and get some!  And save me a slice!P.S. One thing to note is that if you go when it's busy, be expected to wait a while.  The great thing though, is that once you get your name on the list you can grab a menu and figure out what you want - and then you can put your order in with the host/hostess so you don't have to wait as long for your pizza once you're finally seated.  Great idea!Best pizza ever. I love this place. I will say... the service was lacking. Our girl was sweet, but a little slow and charged us for a drink we didn't get. Worse things have happened, but my experience would have been better had the service been up to par. But the pizza is wonderful. I will be back again and again and again.Far be it for me to dole out 5 stars for a deep dish review since I was only in town for a long weekend, but Lou Malnati's beat the pants off of Due's and made me a happy man.My group of four ordered two large plain and a medium sausage with the butter crust, which is wayyy too much but leftovers are no problem here.The crust was rich, crisp, firm, and--yes--buttery. The mozzarella was good enough: full-bodied but not too chewy. The sauce was above my expectations but just a simple, light red sauce with chunks of crushed tomato. It probably comes from a can but its not too metallic, sugary, or pasty. On the whole it's a good mix that holds up well under its weight.We also order these at about 11:45 on a Friday night so the kitchen was about to close and the cooks probably just wanted to get out (ie possibly not the best it could be) so that impressed me too.The buttercrust is totally necessary.  Keep the pizza simple ... with a pound of cheese a lot of toppings can be overpowering.  And, for God's sake, order the chocolate chip cookie pizza.  I dream of this cookie (and I don't really like desserts)...when I eat it, I feel like I'm in one of those many commercials that show an oooey gooey irresistible cookie.I like this place for out of town guests and evening with friends...its off the beaten path in the quiet part of river north but still not far from the center of transit and tourists.I loved this place - and not for the pizza. I can't eat cheese, so I was skeptical about eating here. I went anyway for the sake of my BF and his love of pizza. The menu had several other options - including some healthy! My grilled chicken and fruit was great!Over the many years visiting Chicago for biz, etc. , I have always tried different pizza joints. But this is definitely one of my favorites. Their deep dish pizza is superior in quality over others I have tried. The service was very good compared to others. They rave about the sausage which I believe is one of their claims to fame. I agree it was very delectable.The only thing disappointing was their inability to split charges on toppings for half and half orders. So if you ordered a pizza with one half pep/sausage and the other tomatoes/peppers you would be actually charged for four toppings. As for their appetizers it was mediocre from the selection I made. Million dollar question " Would I go back or recommend?" Indeed I would.I visited Chicago for the first time ever this weekend and had to try Lou's.  I saw him on a travel show once and not only did he seem like such a nice guy, the pizza made my mouth water.  Thankfully, the real pizza was fantastic.  Just enough sauce, lots of cheese and a crispy, not doughy crust.  I ordered a personal sausage pizza and it was enough food, for sure.Also, if you go, I highly recommend you order the cheddar cubes.  They are crispy, melty, gooey balls of goodness.Oh-we were on a very tights schedule so we called ahead to have them start our order for us so when we got there, we only had to wait a few minutes for our pizza to be ready!Chicago-style pizza done right. I went to Giardono's the week before and was utterly disappointed by the rubbery cheese and lack of flavor. This place was SO much better and fulfilled my desire for a deep dish pizza. Not only was their pizza good, their dessert was nothing short of heavenly. A chocolate chip cookie baked in a pan, smothered with ice cream and whipped cream with a cherry on top. What more could I ask for?!Just a tip: the pizza takes about 35 minutes to make after you order, so plan accordingly!Very Good classic Chicago Deep Dish.   super busy - but the best always are.  We were in a big group so the wait was naturally longer. Very GoodThis is the best pizza I've ever had in my life.Some trivia - my cab driver told me that the founder of this joint used to work at the restaurant that actually invented the deep dish pizza years ago.I realize now that over 90 percent of pizza out there is more artificial than natural - what sets this apart is how fresh the ingredients are, which is fairly obvious when you sink your teeth into the textured crust, and savor the blending flavors of the vegetables, tender sausage, and the non-gratuitous amount of high quality cheese.  They bring it out in the pan that it actually baked within, and the pizza is surprisingly watery to a slight degree due to the moisture coming out of the dough.  This quality makes the pizza taste like a pie rather than a bread.  What an amazing experience.  Try it with the Malnati salad, which has just the right amount of dressing that's sweet and tangy, blended into the wonderfully fragrant vegetables, which is the perfect complement to the heaviness of the pie.Clearly the highlight of my blitz trip to Chicago.I had the Lou - I would not have it again.  The pizza sauce tasted too processed for my liking, but overall I feel like I've had better deep dish pizza outside of Chicago!  I also ate at the bar that had loads of insects flying around. This made the experience very unpleasant.A warm and family friendly pizza place with THE BEST sausage for a pizza.Although the time to make a pizza is quoted at 45 minutes, you are allowed to pre-order while you wait for a table.The spinach bread is like no other with its warm, flaky outside and delicious spinach inside.Pizza is delicious and rich, so 1 or 2 slices is probably what most people can tolerate.  Prepare for food coma. Pizza needs more sauce (Gino's east pizza slaps it on!). Lou wins over Ginos because Lou is friendlier. Surprisingly enough, 6 people with 3 appetizers and 2 large pizzas cost us 11per person with tip.This place is decent.  I am an uno's / giordano's guy, but I decided to try something different. Service was very friendly here.  We got there at about 5 on a Saturday, and only had to wait about 5 minutes.  Another 30 min and there would have been a wait.The pizza was nice.  I got a classic and a lou's special.  The sausage on the classic was awesome.  It was the beat part of the pizza.  The crust was also nice.  There was a little less cheese than I'd have liked.  The sauce was almost flavorless.  And it had big tomato chunks, which I am not a fan of.Like I said, if I am eating here you can bet I'd rather be at giordano's or uno's.  But it's not bad at all.The biggest knock against this place is that the beer selection is just as bad as most pizza places in Chicago.  On draft you can get miller, Sam adams, and 312.  Very boring choices.  This is beer for people who don't really like beer, but prefer water with a little beer flavor in it.  This kind of pizza just cries out for a good beer to go with it.  Some Bell's from MIchigan or schlafly from St Louis would really take this place to the next level.  I probably would have given them another star for good beer.This is the place that earns my review for best Chicago deep dish. I have officially been to all the well known places and this beats the rest out. So, if you are from out of town and looking to find a place, this is the one. Lose a star because the service can be a bit cold at times, but whatever customer service isn't what it used to be anyhow.I'm drooling as I think about the pizza. I would go back to Chicago just for this. Seriously!I already knew we would have to wait because that's how deep dish pizzas work and everywhere is always super busy. Waiter was nice and friendly. Had the bruschetta for appetizer. It was good but I came here for pizza. Pizza finally arrived, after the first bite, I ordered another one! Yes it is that amazing!! I'm surprised the waiter didn't think we were crazy but yes this skinny girl can eat! It wasn't as "deep" as I thought it would be. But that probably worked in our favor. I read reviews for other places that were too cheesy but this was perfect. Dough, cheese, sausage, tomato sauce, then topping. Different than NY pizza which I never really cared for. But OMG they deliver to different states, very tempted to call them to deliver to NYC!Deep-dish. Cheesy. Rich in oil. Fattening (extremely). Just how Chicagoans love it (i presume).  But I'm not from Chee-cago, I'm from LA, so I found it delicious and disgusting at the same time.  I had the LM Classic (large size!)- deep-dish with sausage, pounds of cheese and sauce.  After two slices, I felt my stomach churn the cheese and sauce. My arteries were getting clogged.  "God, please dont let me suffer from cardio-pulmonary arrest after the third slice."  After three slices, my waist grew three inches, but this is damn good pizza and its damn worth it.  I rarely eat pizza, and since I was visiting Chicago from the City of Devils (oh, Angels), I wanted the most fattening, heart-stopping (literally) stuff! You must try the LM Classic Pizza, its rich in cheese, and the sausage is prepared right before each order (according to the server), and the slices are enormous (on a large pizza).The interior is typical Chicago-casual-sports-bar-hangout-eatery venue, with the walls lined with Chicago sports legends.  Also, LM serves alcohol, which is different from other popular pizzerias.  This places gets packed, so you will likely have to wait (30-40 min) to be seated, so plan accordingly.Service was great. Our server was constantly checking up on our table and re-filling drinks.  If you are visiting Chicago for the first-time and want to try Chicago-style pizza, look no further and head to Lou Malnati's.Finally, let me add by writing that I picked LM after surveying a number of cab drivers about pizzerias, and many of them said, "try Iluminati's" - I was like "Illuminati"?  I didnt realize it was Lou Malnatti's, not "illuminati" (thats from the Da Vinci Code) until I arrived.  Tourist faux-pas.  Enjoy.Let me preface by saying I do NOT like dip dish pizza!!! I am a NY-er who loves thin crust. I have been to 3 other deep dish pizza places, no names hall be mentioned, and they only confirmed that thin crust was the way to go.I decided on this place cuz of the reviews and decided I would risk it one more time. We got the special (with the sausage and stuff) and it BLEW MY MIND. I think I was just surprised that it wasn't Suh a botch job like the other places. The bread was not too doughy. The sauce had good flavor and the sausage was awesome. I would have give it 5 stars but I wasStarving from walking around all day, so to compensate for possible exhaustion eating I gave it a lower score. Will be going back in a couple of weeks and will re-assess.Amazing Deep Dish Pizza!!!As a born and raised New Yorker, I've got to say that Lou Malnati's has made me a believer of Chicago style deep dish pizza.Lou's is definitely better than Gino's East or Giordano's mainly because of the crust; it's buttery and delicious. My favorite is the Malnati Chicago Classic.Just make sure not to bite off more than you can chew. The slices are deceivingly filling.Solid!  Malnati's deep dish chicago style pizza is very good.  DW and I had a small deep dish with pepperoni, sausage, and green peppers.  We ordered bruschetta to nibble on since deep dish pizza takes so long to prepare.  It is worth the wait.  The ingredients are all good quality and the result is an excellent pizza.Before my first visit to Chicago, my only experience with deep dish was the chain, Pizzeria Uno. I was a big fan in their heyday, but I've always been a NY slice guy. Lou Malnati's was my second Chicago deep-dish experience. And it was the better of the two. Lou's pizza had a dense, thick crust, unlike anything I'd had before. I had the butter crust. It was tasty, but a bit much. The toppings were delish too. It was a good pizza, but I didn't fall in love. Very good, though.As for the whole restaurant experience, it was rough. Long lines: over an hour wait. And it didn't have a convenient bar (yes, there's a bar; it was packed three deep with Sox fans). We pre-ordered, which seemed like it was a good idea. We finally got our table in a very crowded, difficult-to-walk-through, hard-to-hear-yourself-think basement. It only took four requests to get a glass of water. And the wine list was mediocre. Am I nitpicking? Yeah, maybe, I left feeling full and satisfied, but I was glad to leave that crowded room. Overall, a good meal, a good value, but go when it isn't busy.Short story: the wait staff and management has poor customer service, your time and money is best spent elsewhere.Long story: After waiting 40 minutes (quote time was 30) a staff member who wasn't our server brought us the wrong pizza. We waited approximately another 5-10 minutes waiting for our waitress to see how we were doing. We brought to her attention that we got the wrong pizza, and she apologized immediately. She went to get the manager who went to go apologize to the other table first (you know, the table that had already had food for 15 minutes). The manager asked if we wanted the pizza that was brought to us, after we said no she said they would put in a new one. She then asked if we wanted anything else. We waited for another 30 minutes for our pizza to come out. The waitress brought us a bill not that far after we received the right pizza. The bill showed that we order TWO pizzas and ONE of them was discounted. Additionally, the item we order that was offered to us for our extended wait. We asked out waitress to see the manager, our waitress asked us if we had a problem with the bill (you know, besides there being one). The manager came over and acted as if the restaurant was in the right, after we had been there over two hours.I doubt I'd make a return trip nor would I recommend it to anyone else.There has long been a great battle between Lou Malnati's and Giordano's for Chicago's best authentic original deep dish pizza and it seems to be a tie, depending on who you ask. Whether it be food websites, tourism magazines, food articles and publications to tourists and native Chicago-ans, there is no clear cut winner. But what a treat to try both and decide for yourself!Of the few pizza places I've been to in Chicago, this was the best. Went there with my wife & two kids. The Chicago style deep dish pepperoni pizza was fabulous! Watch the portions though, I usually eat 3-4 pieces of pizza but it was all I could muster to squeeze down 2 of the huge pieces. On the slim chance the pizza doesn't fill you up, I would highly recommend the cookie pizza for dessert. It's awesome!You are the reason I have a new year's resolution to get back in the gym. By far the best pizza in Chicago, I've tried almost all of the main stream pizza joints here and in my opinion they hit a home run. The "classic" is perfection!Most famous DEEP DISH for $11 (4 slices)First time eating deep dish pizza and I was completely impressed with the simple pepperoni pizza we had.  I also loved the moscato wine and although it was a bit busy, it was a nice atmosphere.  We sat at the bar which provided it's own entertainment! lolLocation : 439 North Wells StreetChicago, IL 606101.5 Hr wait although they said 45minWarm soda ..   Wait staff forgot to bring our saladPizza was  dry  no drink refills offered You know it's bad when the kids say they hated the pizza and dont want to take the left overs home.  Chicago is better than this ! Never againYesterday my boyfriend was watching some food show on various Chicago pizza eateries, and Lou Malnati's was featured for their lovely chocolate chip cookie baked in a pizza pan dessert. Sounded great to us so last night we decided to give it a try. Walked in to find a bustling restaurant, I was slightly disappointed thinking we'd have to wait for a table, but the lovely hostess quickly glanced around the corner to spot an open two top and sat us immediately. I was happy to see that you could order personal sized pizza's, as my bf and I have polar opposite taste in what toppings we like. We put in our order and enjoyed some starter salads in the meantime. Unfortunately the pizza's took much longer to make it to us than we had originally been informed. We weren't going to say anything, and in the end didn't have to. The manager came out on his own with our waitress to apologize for the delay and let us know that dessert was on the house. Yum! Free fresh baked chocolate chip cookie/ice cream for us! I would have to say that the only downfall is that there is only one stall in the ladies restroom on the first floor. I had to wait for what felt like centuries for one of their own waitresses to finish doing god knows what in there before I could go in. A few times the friendly staff informed me of the upstairs bathrooms, but since my table was on the first floor, I didn't really feel like trekking all the way upstairs. During said bathroom wait though I overheard two managers talking about how a customer gave great remarks on how good the pizza was. They seemed genuinely excited about the great comments so to me that translates as pride in their work and restaurant. In the end our bill was $26 for two salads, a soda, two personal pizza's and the dessert was free.  That's typically what a lunch would cost us at cosi/panera etc  in the city. On top of that with the food and service being so great, I'd have to say this place may trump my original Chicago pizza favorite Giordano's.I think I've finally found a pizza place in Chicago that truly represents Chicago Deep Dish Pizza™ as Chicagoans would want it to be represented.  This is one of the places you go when you get tired of the overpriced, gloopy mess masquerading as pizza that many so-called deep-dish pizza restaurants in Chicago serve up these days.  To wit:Pizzerias Uno and Due - used to be decent but is now pretty much awful and well overpriced.  PASS.Gino's East.  Way too much bread for your own good, and a small pizza is $17?!  C'mon, son.Giordano's. Crust is nonexistent. cheese is far too abundant.  Oh, and did I mention it's crazy expensive?  No thanks.There are many other, smaller, mom-and-pop stores that serve up great pie, but I think Lou Malnati's is the place that tourists SHOULD be going to get their deep dish fix.  First off, the customer service was well above and beyond anything I've experienced in a long time.  We were  Second, food was brought out quickly and tasted very good.  The pizzas ordered (a medium Lou and a medium pepperoni and mushroom) were cooked to perfection.  Nice, crispy, flaky, yeasty crust with a hint of sweet mixed in with the sour, topped with a thin layer of cheese and nice, fat crushed tomatoes as a base.  The Lou is a grand tasting pizza, but Lou's also does the basics very well.  The pepperoni was tasty and the mushrooms were cooked well and not soggy in the least.  I'm actually surprised at how well the pizzas were done.I'll definitely be back.Wow.. First I must say that I'm from St. Louis (go cards!) and had only visited the most talked about (in St. Louis) pizzerias in Chicago: Gino's East, Pizzeria Uno, and Due.  My experience was near-perfect, we parked on the street, walked in, were pleasantly greeted and then were ushered to our seats.  Service was great and the pizza was even better.  While I will concede that the 35 minute wait time seems like an eternity, that comes with the deep-dish territory.My Advice:-If you're in Chicago and are in search for some fantastic pizza go to Lou Malnati's.  Don't bother with ordering the thin crust, that is St. Louis' specialty, Imo's is thin crust pizza.-Come hungry even the most ravenous of appetites will struggle to make it past two heaping slices.-Go for the Buttercrust.Uh-oh...a review from a New Yorker.I know that I am expected to be biased against Chicago pizza, but I really did want to like it!  Unfortunately, it was just ok in my opinion. We ordered a salad first which was really flavorful and very large.  I like a large salad.  If it weren't for the salad, I probably would have only doled out 2 stars.  It came with toasty tortilla strips, good cheese, and a smokey barbecue-type dressing (we ordered the chicken club minus the meat because there were no interesting vegetarian salad options, which I found weird).The pizza (sized for 2 people) was just intimidating in its size and gooeyness.  We ordered the "Lou" pizza which was loaded with veggies.  Unfortunately the veggies were just drowned by bread and oozing cheese.  I like fresh, crisp, flavorful veggies so this was not for me.  The crust was thick and had a decent texture, but did nothing for me in terms of taste.  The cheese was standard pizza cheese.  The sauce was unremarkable; I don't really remember anything about it.Overall, slim pickings for any vegetarian.  I've had pizza with far superior flavors and freshness--but I am a little spoiled when it comes to pizza.Was in town for the Chicago Marathon and my friends wisely chose Lou's for our after-race dinner.For starters, I have to say that I am an East Coast person and looooove pizza, but usually only thin-crust. I can't stand the super thick, dough-y, huge hunks of bread with a slight layer of sauce and mounds of cheese that they call, "Chicago style" pizza over here. BUT, I watch a lot of Anthony Bourdain and was aware that what passes for Chicago pizza outside of Chicago is not real Chicago pizza. So, I was more than willing to try any pizza place in the city (except maybe Uno's).So, I have to say... Lou's pizza.. is awesome! It's super! It's exactly how I will think of Chicago pizza from now on (I know I've said, Chicago way too much, but I can't help it). It's an actual pie with a great crisp crust; lots of filling (we had one sausage/meat and one spinach/veggie; meat was much better); a proportionate amount of cheese. Soo good. I may just order some online and have it delivered to me in Arlington!Oh--a couple things about this location. Holiday weekend, marathon... it was packed. Our wait for 5 people was over 40 min. There didn't seem to be too many places nearby to hang out, although we were too tired to walk anywhere. The 40+ min. did not seem long. You can order your pizza while waiting and get drinks from the bar. Really nice waitstaff; totally accommodating when we had to split the check 5 ways (this is annoying, so I don't recommend it. We just didn't have cash). I didn't get to try any of the other pizza places, but you won't be disappointed with Lou's!If you love and I mean LOVE Chicago style deep dish, pass over Lou Malnati's.  Compared to some of the other fantastic pizzaria's Chicago has to boast, this one is not up to Chicago standards in my opinion.  I had no complaints about the crust, but the rest of the pizza, toppings and flavor made me feel like I was dining at Pizza Hut.  There was nothing overly special about it and it had a fast food feel to it.The service is not bad, but if you order a customized pizza you may be waiting upwards of 20 minutes for your food.BEST PIZZA IN CHICAGOThis is one of the things i miss most about Chicago, but I think my waiste line is greatful for.... DELICIOUS deep dish cheese pizza.Really just amazing food and the staff is just as amazing. This was Thankgiving dinner BTW...Everything on the menu is great, but make sure you try the Malnati Salad.Being a San Franciscan native, I was a little skeptical about trying deep dish pizza. I tried Lou Malnati's deep dish and was instantly hooked. By far the best pizza I've ever had (and I've tried other deep dish in Chicago). I've had it in New York and I very much prefer deep dish over thin crust. Every time I'm in Chicago, I make sure to have deep dish at least TWICE! That's how good it is.Of course, I have go on the treadmill for two hours after every time I eat it :(While I was in Chicago this last week - I had to get some Chicago Style Pizza (the real stuff).  Lou Malnati's fulfilled my cravings with an excellent deep dish.  I have to say that I prefer this to the Gino's East pizza I had just a couple of days later. The only lacking part is the poor beer selection.  It is very limited.  If they only had a larger selection - I would have given them a 5/5.If you are going on a trip to Chicago, you need to try some deep dish Pizza.  Much different from our thin crust in NY, this pizza takes a full 45 minutes to cook.  The place to go for this is not Pizzeria Uno (which originated in Chicago), but Lou Malnati's.  Started in 1971, this family owned and operated chain is now 33 Restaurants strong.  The location Carol and I frequent when we go to Chicago is The River North Location on North Wells Street.Upon entering the restaurant, there were two hostesses on duty.  It was a cold night and the restaurant was not yet busy.  We opted to sit at the bar so we could watch T.V. while we enjoyed our meal.  The hostesses were friendly, but did not seem overly sure of what to do. While at the bar, we were greeted quickly by the bartender, Greg, who offered us drinks and menus.  Carol had a glass of Chardonnay and I opted for an unsweetened Iced Tea.  Both the wine and the tea were good, but the Iced Tea did not taste fresh brewed.We each ordered an individual Deep Dish Pizza with Lou's famous butter crust - I ordered the Lou and Carol the Classic Chicago.  We split a medium Malnati Salad.  Salad was very good with fresh crisp lettuce and a nice variety of toppings.  The dressing was excellent and had a sweet taste to it.  The Pizzas were phenomenal and the Butter Crust really gave them a great flavor. For Dessert, we tried the Chocolate Chip Cookie Pizza - a deep dish pan with a homemade chocolate chip cookie topped with Vanilla Ice Cream and Whipped Cream.  Very Nice!  The only negative I can give it was that it had too much Whipped Cream on it.Atmosphere in the restaurant was OK, but I felt it was a little bright.  The walls are filled with pictures and memorabilia so you have a distraction while you wait for your food.  One of my personal pet peeves was evident here as the restaurant was a little slow to start and the servers were standing at the service station doing crossword puzzles and griping about the seating rotation of the hostesses.  There was no manager evident until we were done with our meal, and this would have been his issue to deal with.Restrooms, floors and bar surface were all kept clean.  There were areas of neglect in some of the higher areas such as vents and ceiling tiles.  Overall the restaurant was well kept.I had never had Chicago deep dish pizza before in Chicago.  I am a fan of New Haven style thin crust pizza, but I was in Chicago and had to try traditional deep dish.  We ordered the sausage pie with onions, peppers, sliced tomatoes, garlic, and spinach.  It was very good, surprisingly.  I can't say that it is actually pizza.  It is more of a casserole or lasagna type of thing.  The crust was more of a pie crust than a doughy pizza crust.  The toppings were very tasty and of high quality.    It did in fact take a long time for the pizza to come.  We ordered salads which broke up the meal a bit.  I liked the deep dish pizza a lot, but it is not something I could eat every week like normal pizza.  It's too heavy.  I could see it being a great meal on Christmas though (instead of a traditional Lasagna).  I would go back to Lou's if I visit Chicago again.  It's sure is a lot better than the Pizzeria Uno chain.Here is the bad new.  There is some kind of drug in Lou's pizza because once you have it you will want to come back and miss it when you do not have it.  This is some of the best Chicago Deep Dish pizza in Chicago!  They buffalo wings are also great!  A very busy place but what is nice is that while my friends and I were waiting for our table we were able to place an order for our deep dish which was soooooooooooo delicious!  Nice looking place and our waiter was awesome!  I have been to two different Lou location and both were awesome.  You cannot be in Chicago and not try this place.  A plus is if you are alone there are personal pizza's that you can order which some pizza places do not offer.  I have been to other great pizza places but I gotta say Lou's is the best!  Definitely a Chi town must visit!  Be prepared to have heartburn after ha ha ha.Great Pizza, Great Service !!!  Phone and delivery service is spot-onBest pizza in Chicago!!!! The price is right also.Just came back from Chi-town and did the top 3 Chicago Style Pizza Tour.  Conclusion:  Lou Malnati's takes the cake.The buttery but slightly cornbread crust outshines Giordano's by a hair and is vastly superior to Gino's East.Expect a long line and about an hour wait for your pizza, but definitely worth the wait.  I am excited that they ship these babies nationwide.My favorite pizza place. I don't care about the long wait for my order, I don't care the price. I just love the rich flavors and textures. I will get the togos and fly with it to meet my family in Michigan (They all love it). But last time I flew to Chicago, I failed to get it. Still feel sad about that.I would recommend this place to anyone. The bar staff was great and the food is top-notch.Wow this pizza was soooo delicious. After my bad experience at pequods I decided to come here and try this famous pizza.  I'm so happy I did the marinara sauce was to die for and the buttery crust was sooo yummy and even though the prices were a little steep I have to admit I loved this pizza. You can even taste the fresh mozzarella which is very rare. It had flavor!!! Definitely come here if you want "the best pizza" but I have to admit it is a tie between here and Pizano's.The Chicago pizza debate goes on.  This is my favorite.  My parents used to send me frozen pizzas for my birthday when I moved to LA.LOVED it... We went to Gino's East for our first Chicago style experience per recommendation but I'm glad we went to Lou's for one more Chicago style experience before we left. The butter crust is awesome and light. The sauce is very homemade and with remnants of tomato peels and they use Wisconsin cheese (plenty of it!) which is also very delicious. Well done, yelpers for helping us find this place!Great pizza & service!By far the best pizza in Chicago.  This has become an annual meeting spot with a close friend.  My suggestion is to order the Lou -- all the pizzas on the menu are delicious, but this one really stands out.Love Lou's. Great Pizza, good service and although it is crowded, they allow you to pre-order pizza so you don't have to wait extra time after you get your table. The only downside is the sheer volume I eat when I go here and the following Pizza coma.First time visiting Chicago, wanted to try deep dish. Choose Lou Mainati's and I am sorry I did so. Got there around 5:30 on a Saturday, there was little wait time. Waitress had a shitty attitude from the get go. Since I am not a meat eater we ordered a veg pie and salad. Choose lemon garlic dressing which was thick mayo based glop that tasted neither like garlic or lemon, brought this to attention of shitty attitude waitress who gave us a hard time and then took a long time to bring us another dressing. On to the pizza, the veggies were tough to find amid a pool of grease, runny cheese and undercooked crust that had the texture of apple pie crust Not pizza crust. Overall I was highly disappointed.LOVE this place! We always come here when we're in the Chi. Seriously THE best deep dish in the city!  And need I mention the chocolate chip cookie pizza! YUM!When it comes to a tasty sauce, this place just doesn't do it for me. I'm sorry. Gino's East has a much better sauce.So Chicago is a great city that I just started getting used to last year because of work. I mean, how can you hate a city that has awesome pizza, steaks, and popcorn (Garrett). But let's jump right into why you are reading this review to begin with. When I first got here, I was searching for the best deep dish pizza I could find and I was excited. I had ordered Giordano's originally and it was solid do not get me wrong but there is nothing like a Lou Malnati's deep dish pizza. I was actually very fortunate because a co worker was very familiar with the pizza in the city as he had been here a few times and after he had heard my experience with Giordano's he told me that I had to try Lou Malnati's or I would not be getting the right deep dish pizza experience. So that night I order a pepperoni, sausage, and cheese deep dish pizza.Wow. That is all I can say and even that does not justice to this pizza. This pizza has awesome crust, the toppings are super fresh, and oh man the cheese is outta control. One bite of this gooey cheese is enough to make me start drooling. The sausage is awesome because as opposed to bits of it, it's essentially a sheet allowing you to have the perfect proportion of sausage, pepperoni, cheese, and fresh tomato in each single bite that you take. Don't bother with the other deep dish places in Chicago and come straight here. You will not regret it and please bring me one!!Great cheese, great, crusts, great quality.  Every time I've been to Chicago I come down here for some personal pans.  The cheese is fresh and the crust is buttery and crispy with that distinct after taste.  Yet, and this is important, there is NO TRASHY feeling at the end of the meal like you'd get at Pizza Hut or most other pizza joints.  This is tasty, deep dish pizza ,made without so much of that commonly found grease on other crusts out there.Lou Malnati's is just amazing. We had to wait 35 minutes on a Monday night if that tells you anything about how good this place is. They take your pizza order before you are seated so the wait for food is much less than normal. We also got the house salad to share with sweet vinaigrette. It was delicious and was huge enough that it feeds 4 with leftovers. It was very fresh, crisp and cold. The pizza was nothing short of spectacular. The tomatoes are what makes this pizza out of this world, along with the butter crust and thin sliced pepperoni.We ordered drinks while we waited and they were very well prepared. The service was excellent considering how busy they are. The prices are very good considering the quality and quantity food you get. And this place certainly doesn't skimp on quality!num num num num..... how can this place provides such delicious deep dish pizza. I know people go to the other pizza place, but be honest, this one is the best.  The popular one was overrated.  This one is a bomb.This was my first experience with a chicago stye deep dish pizza and it was amazing.  I ordered two slices and the first slice was more than enough because it's was so heavy and veryyyyy delicious!!! I really recommend this place.I was in Chicago recently for business and was implored to check out Lou Malanti's, famous for their deep dish Chicago style pizza. Unfortunately I bought into the hype and left underwhelmed. I went for lunch with 2 other coworkers and we each got the personal sized pizza. The service was efficient, albeit very business-like, which is standard fare for the lunch time crowds. Coming from Manhattan, the price was unbelievable. But when it came down to the pizza I felt the crust was too dry and the pizza drenched with too much tomato sauce. I had a tough time locating my sausage topping midst all the sauce.To their defense, perhaps the personal sized pizza is not their forte. Our office ordered several thin crust pizzas a few days later and that was totally acceptable. I also tried an Italian beef & sausage sandwich here for dinner one of the nights too and did not have any complaints nor praise.(Our office is a block away)This place is DaBomb!!GO you will dig it.they have a lunch special that rocksWe absolutely loved this place! When we asked where we could find the best deep dish pizza, we were immediately directed to Lou's It's in a very good location, friendly atmosphere, and for a very affordable price.Really didn't look at the menu for entrees, a pizza for two was more than enough. It 's served in a big deep dish...to later be sliced and served to much of our delight. This place lives up to the hype, if you want real Chicago Deep Dish Pizza, definitely swing by Lou Malnati's.This is true traditional Chicago style pizza. I highly recommend this pizzeria. It was truly amazing! Good sauce, great crust, and toppings were tastey!!!Serve was good!Hands down the best deep dish there is out there because of it's delicious crust and sauce.  These two things definitely set it apart from all other deep dish pizzas.  I've been 3 times and everytime I went back the pizza was just as delicious as I had remembered!  The prices are very reasonable and the atmosphere was very fun and energetic.  Definitely a good palce to go with family or friends.Another thing to note about this palce is their amazing salads!  The Malnati salad is delicious as was their summer watermelon & chicken salad.  They come with have tons of delicious, unique, and fresh toppings and are very affordable!The only downside about the dining expereince is the wait to get seated when it's busy.  I've gone 1 time and been seated right away, but the other 2 times I went I had to wait almost an hour.  My advice is to go to one of the bars or resturaunts around and grab a drink while you wait.  (We went to Sushi Sambe across the street twice, sat in their loungs and got cocktails which made the wait fun!)Overall, a great place with great prices, food, and atmosphere.Ordered delivery from here, took 2 hours when they they told me an hour and half. The delivery man how ever was very kind and apologetic. However after opening up what should have been a cheese pizza, noticed it was sausage or some kind of meat. This is unacceptable considering 2 of the 3 of us are vegetarians. At this point i was over it and was not willing to wait another 2 hours for my cheese pizza. over all not the best.I had the fortune of eating here on my first trip to Chicago.  I've had deep dish pizza before, but somehow at a local joint in Chicago, it just tastes better.When I got there the waiting area was pretty full, but I was able to get a seat at the bar immediately.  The food was delicious (salad, Malnati Chicago Classic, cookie desert and 312 beer).  The food came out relatively quickly considering there was a standing wait my entire visit.  If you want some delicious pizza and great beer, this place should fit the bill.Went to lunch last Thursday because we wanted the best deep dish in Chicago and we were told by a number of people that this was the place. Very cool looking place and big.....wasnt very crowded and I later found out why. We sat down and had a really nice waitress and we immediately ordered our pizza and salad. We thought it would be 15 minutes or so not knowing deep dish. It was 35-40 minutes. I was starved by then.The pizza was delicious and was good for breakfast a day later.The only downside was the timing and the normal employee couldnt go here because they couldnt get in and out quickly enough.We would go back if we had the evening to spend thereConfession - I was raised on NY city pizza with good doses of New Haven 'za thrown in intermittently. My college roommate was from Chicago and introduced me to Chicago deep dish - he now lives in the Bay Area where we often go to Zachary's "chicago style" deep dish and thoroughly enjoy it. I tried LM's tonight, and was not impressed. Good crust, so-so cheese, and to paraphrase woody allen, the sauce was meh and there wasn't enough of it. The Malnati's salad was good, but a bit too sweet, and the cookie pizza was incredible as billed. Poor selection of beers at the bar doesn't help - seems deep dish pizza and beer are the perfect combination.Tip - I arrived at 5:15 on Saturday and was seated right away, but by 5:30 the wait was an hour!Only beer and wine, no mixed drinks. Pizza was not that great, not much sauce just chunks of tomatoes on top. Service was good. Very loud atmosphere.There sure is a lot of choice when it comes to deep dish pizza in Chicago.  Do yourself a favor and go to Lou Malnati's!  The original pie with sausage is awesome; the crust is not too overwhelming, cheese, and tomato sauce are all spot on.  One word of advice - come hungry!First time in Chicago and gotta say this is my favorite pizza place we hit up thus far. The buttered crust is to die for! My friend got a salad along with his food and it was HUGE. Had to help him finish it and used some left over crusts as croutons.Had to have Chicago deep dish while I was there. It takes about 45 minutes to make a pizza which I am not so sure is worth the wait. Don't get me wrong it was a good pizza I think I may prefer thin crust. The crust on the deep dish was buttery and crunchy. I had the Classic that had sausage, cheese and sauce. The sausage was a thin party the covered the entire surface. May not be a place that I have to go back to if I visit Chicago again.So I am totally going to feel Un-Chicagoan for not loving this place. I went out last Tuesday for a late lunch/early dinner.Since we were in the neighborhood, and I have heard such good things about this place I was really looking forward to it. I have to say I am not impressed. Place is small. Not so good if you are a bit claustrophobic. Pizza was good, but I did not find it "outstanding". Got a deep dish with pepperoni and sausage.We also had a salad and the Chicken Louie I think it is called. It is their version of chicken Alfredo. Again, good, but not that wow that I was expecting. Their soda glasses are huge!I do have to say the dessert was beyond good. (That is why I think they get 3 stars) We had the baked cookie with Ice cream on top. Most delicious!Prices not bad. A pizza, medium salad, chicken louie, a couple of kids soft drink for like $60.00 + tip.Maybe going back, Maybe not.My first experience with Chicago pizza and it will not be my last! It was absolutely delicious and worth going back for. We went right at noon to avoid lines and when we left there were a lot of people waiting, so go early!Best deep dish anywhereMy girlfriend and I had to go here after all the hype.  Turns out it was worth it because the pizza is excellent, the service is excellent and the price is right.  We beat the dinner rush (about 5:45 on Friday) so we got seated right away.  we got the stuffed spinach/chesse bread to start since the pizzas take 35 minutes to make and it was very good.  A small (9 inches) was more than enough for us but if you insist, get a medium.  The sausage was very good and so was the butter crust.I can't give this place 5 stars because I like New York pizza better!My wonderful beautiful girlfriend had to work in Chicago in just flew back with pizza'(S) from every top reviewed pizzeria-this is my last sampling.At first glance it reminded me most (of all the pizza's I had tonight) of Uno, which has been my only experience before tonight of "Chicago Pizza"  I had the pepperoni and sausage topping (butter crust) both had just a little bite to them and they were cooked to absolute perfection merging with the cheese.  The crust is what I had been hoping for in a Chicago deep dish-thick, rich, buttery and deeper than the hole that Jimmy Hoffa was thrown into.  Bottom line....if you are looking for the true Chicago deep dish experience this is the royal flush.This was my favorite out of the four samples!*Note-if you are flying this back from Chicago to LA reheat in the oven instead of the microwave!I've been going to Lou Malnati's with my family since I was a rugrat. Back in the original pizza house in Lincolwood. Where they had 2 sit down video games in the waiting hall, Packman and, one that I cant remember right now.  Been the best pizza place then, still the best pizza place now.I am not clear on the whole Pizzeria UNO  claims to formula. All I know is that Pizzeria UNO pales in comparison to Lou's pizza. When you go to Chicago you must remember to not listen to the hype about Pizzeria UNO and go to Lou's there everywhere now. Also you can go to Gino's East, or Giodano's. Both have great pizza pies...!Ah yes, the great pizza divide that makes Chicagoan's chose sides like baseball, Italian beef, and hot dogs. Every one has their favorite, and I personally pick Lou's! I love this pizza, it is hands down my favorite deep dish pizza EVER. These are the reasons why I love this pizza: -The buttery crust that is on the thinner side and has some cornmeal in it. The crust isn't doughy so you don't feel like you are filling up on the crust alone. -If you get the sausage, they put a nice LAYER of a sausage so you get sausage with every bite -The sauce has a nice flavor, there seems to be a slight undertone of white wine? in it. What ever it is, it is....as guy would say....money. There are actual diced tomatoes in the sauce, its not so pulverized that you forget what you are eating. -The cheese, like the crust, isn't over powering. I'm all about balance and ratio with my food and Lou's does it right. This particular location can get crowded, and you can expect to wait if you go on a weekend past 6 or 7pm. You are able to pre-order your pies before you get seated, cutting the time you wait to eat. Pizza aside: They also used to have a great and refreshing spinach salad on their menu that has recently been taken off. Not too heavy (especially right before pizza) and hits the spot with spinach, Lou's house dressing, cheddar cheese, fresh mushrooms, salami bits (better then they sound), and tomatoes. They are however still able to make this salad upon request and I highly recommend it.Well, not as good as it ever gets, but really really great pizza. Great Service, clean, tastes fresh and is very very good.   I don't usually eat deep-dish pizza but i did here, and i ate Lou's pizza about 4 times during a six day stay...not as great as a place in New Haven.There are probably others that are great in Chicago.But if you eat this pizza, in or out, you will have a great meal.The pizza, a Malnati's Chicago Classic, was good, everything else was eh...so-so.  We were sat at a two top, which was fine. What was not fine was that there were so many tables crammed into the dining room that people kept sticking their butts in our faces as they scooted by our table.The busboy gave us water pretty quickly but it took our waitress 9 minutes to get to us, and she looked S-L-A-M-M-E-D.  It looked like there were only 2 waitresses and what looked to be 15ish tables.We ordered the Calamari, 2 small house salads with gorgonzola dressing, and the Malnati Chicago Classic and my husband ordered an iced tea.The tea was very cloudy and had what my husband described as a "funky" taste. he had to switch it out for a coke.  The calamari was really substandard. I've had better at Joe's Crab Shack, seriously.  The sauce for it was pretty good though.The house salads were standard, but the gorgonzola dressing was so good you could eat it with a spoon.I know the pizzas take forever to cook and they were busy. Ours took over 45 minutes to get to our table.  Please understand that I have been telling my husband about this pizza since February. I swear to god, it was the best pizza I've ever eaten.  I even ate super light for two days to save calories for it. So it gets to our table and it was LUKEWARM!  I was heartbroken :( The waitress was really sweet and nice, Inez, we really liked her. We are restaurant people, so we understand being slammed and we don't blame her for the experience, she must have been waiting on 9 tables, some of them 5 & 6 tops. But right now, Malnati's is batting 0-2.Lived up to all the hype for us. The signature salad, Lou salad I think, was a great starter while you wait for your pizza. Ordered a deep dish and thin crust. The deep dish was great. My wife likes thin crust and they didn't disappoint. No wait on a Tuesday around 4:30pm!This is always my first choice for authentic Chicago deep dish pizza and my no. 1 pizza place on earth.  I've taken several non-Chicago natives here and everyone has become a convert.  The quality of the pizza is first rate and the atmosphere is Chicago without being overly touristy.It will take a long time to get your pie, because it takes a long time to cook, but you can pre-order at the hostess stand so that when you are seated, all they have to do is put it in the oven.  Even so, if you're in a hurry, don't come here.  If you have time to enjoy a special meal with family and friends, you won't be disappointed.We tried to avoid the River North dinner crowds on a Friday night by wandering a few blocks over. And failed. They initially told us it would be a 45 minute wait for a table...but we were finally sitting down an hour and half later. They were nice about it, but the wait was twice as long as they had told us. The pizza tasted awesome after the wait for a table (and another 35 minute wait for the food). But I'm fairly sure it was only that good because of how absurdly hungry I was. I'm not convinced this is Chicago's Best Deep Dish Pizza. It was certainly filling, and it's hard to screw up an inch-thick pile of cheese covered in sauce. The small size was just about right for two. The pizza had a pie-like, buttery crust, about an inch of mozerella, sauce and a layer of sausage. Despite looking impressive, it was surprisingly bland. Parmesean and pepper flakes were necessary to liven things up. The signed H.W. Bush Yale jersey they had on the wall next to us didn't help either. We also had the antipasto salad (the smallest size is huge for two people)...and it was also mediocre. I guess I had high expectations. Skip Lou's. Go somewhere better.I'm with anyone who says Chicago pizza is the best... and Lou's is a terrific example. I've eaten with Lou twice in the last month, try the Classic! As much as I like the other popular pizza places, I may like Lou's crust just a little better. Its a friendly place and it does a good business so be ready to wait if you get there at peak time.I'll definitely eat here again.Guys, if you are wanting a reserved, high class dinner, this place is not for you...IF however you want Chicago's best Deep Dish Pizza..this is the place.  We got the Lou's special with Sausage and Butter crust.  Amazing flavor.  Service was great.  When beers were near the bottom of the bottle, she had us one coming.I will be back next time in Chicago.This place make the BEST Deep Dish pizza EVER! I'm from LA so we don't have this! I ordered everyday and I even order it to take on the plan back home w/ me. Till this day I still dream of Veggie Deep Dish....The crust is so GOOD! Yummmm They will delivered! It took them one hr. Enjoy!Amazing deep dish pizza and very friendly bar staff (we ate at the bar to cut down on the wait time, though it didn't help all that much). The bar guys were hilarious and our banter with us especially towards the end of the evening when it emptied out a bit really added to the experience.We had the signature deep dish with sausage, which tasted like the best sausage you've ever had. Not greasy or too salty at all. One medium pizza fed 2 of us with one slice left over. We also had the warm brownie and the chocolate chip cookie pizza deserts which were also quite tasty. Since we couldn't decide between the two they brought us half an order of each which was nice. Prices were very reasonable. However, the total wait time was ONE AND A HALF HOURS from putting our name on the list to having pizza in front of us. Yes it is the most amazing deep dish pizza ever but I kind of think no food is worth that kind of wait so that is why I docked one point. I asked if it was an unusually busy night and they said it's always like this. I'd probably go back when I'm in Chicago next, but may be for a weekday lunch not Friday night dinner.First of all, we did not eat the Chicago Style pizza. Had the thin crust and spaghetti. Spaghetti was very good, thin crust pizza not so much. Kind of a long wait for the food, about 40 minutes. But we were told that up front so no surprise. Atmosphere is nice, quite music, lots of people talking to provide the ambient noise.Chi-town pizza! Got the individual pizza, and it was a healthy portion. Wait was a little long, but it's expected for a well-known place like this. Definitely one of the best pizzas I've had. The cheese was thick and the sauce was flavorful with a hint of herbs. Meats and veggies each had their own flavors as well, which were an additional kick to the palette. My personal favorite is the classic pepperoni. And I thought Domino's was good..I have a hard time rating Lou Malnati's because the food is awesome, but the service is always bad.  Whenever we make a trip to Chicago, we make a trip to Lou Malnati's, because it is some of the best pizza you will ever have.  The pizza is always perfectly cooked and is cheesy and delicious.  But again, with the service...The last time we were there, I asked about an IPA on tap and the server had no idea what beers they had.  He took our drink order and it took a good 20 minutes for him to come back and get our food order.  Overall, I decided on 4 stars, because like I said, the food is awesome.  Highly recommended, but don't go if you are on a time schedule.Not from Chicago, but their pizza was some of the best deep dish I have ever had. Will for sure be stopping in their again on my next trip back.Super fresh ingredients.  The deep dish pizzas could use a little more pizza sauce.  The service was great and we had fun sitting at the bar.Great deep dish pizza.  Good service and location.  Depending on the time of day be prepared to wait a little.  Keep in mind that fresh deep dish pizza can take 30-40 minutes to bake.This place was really quite good for the price. The service was a little slow, but it was quite busy. The deep dish pizzas were a little soggy, but if you like a lot of tomato sauce then you'll probably like it. The Buff-a-Lou wings, despite the ridiculous name, were really bangin. Better than the pizza in my opinion. Our waitress was really sweet, too."Woohoo! As good as it gets!" Hands down the best pizza in the city of Chicago. I'm really picky about how pizza sauce taste and Lou's sauce is mouth-watering with the crisp crust, yummy cheese and their sausage is out of this world. Whenever I'm in Chicago, I always try to make time to order Lou's pizza when I'm with the family...For pizza its a 3 star. Nothing that exciting, mostly hyped up because its chicago deep dish. But for taste, pretty much just normal pizza. Absolutely do not order the personal sized ones that completely taste different and you will not be happy!Not the best Malnatis I have had but still a great Chicago style pizza. Get the butter crust classic and if you have not had it believe the menu when it says how many it serves. Very filling, this isn't New York.They probably make the best deep dish pizza in Chicago problem is I'm not a big fan of deep dish pizza. The pizza I ordered was the Malnati Chicago Classic which essentially is a thick layer of some type of meat over a soggy base with a thick layer of tomato sauce and sprinkles of some type of melted cheese. This pizza was so boring I will never recover and or eat deep dish pizza again. The trio of dips and pizza chips and Chicken BBQ club salad were equally as boring and unsurprisingly absurdly massive in proportion. The atmosphere is equally as boring and I resent that the only thing they played on their old school televisions was the fishing channel. I mean c'mon you have a bunch of signed jerseys in glass cabinets on display how hard is it?fantastic pizza. had a personal size deep dish pepperoni pizza, well done, and loved it.We thought we'd have to wait but they sat us down quickly and the deep dish took less time than other places we went. Pizza was amazing. Buttercrust is definitely worth it.A decent place for deep dish pizza in downtown chicity. I've been here twice, and each time have had a good experience. The service was spot on, and the pizzas came out in the regular 30-45 minute timeframe. The pizza is loaded with cheese, and there is tons of sausage. However, I was a bit disappointed with the amount of sauce. I went through many a bite with only tasting meat and cheese...which while I love me some of that, I also want some sauce. Next time when I'm in Chicago, I'm going to try somewhere else. The pizza was good, but with so many other options in town, it's time to move on and try somewhere new!Love this Pizzeria! The deep dish pizza is really delish and you're full after a slice or two! waiters are usually nice too. I tried the dessert there and there wasn't much to choose from and it wasn't that great, the tirmsui was so soggy! It's not a place for desserts though so I'm not that bothered about it.Don't go on a weekend without a reservation! You'll wait at least 2 hours til you eat! (1 hour for a table and another hour for the pizza) Price is really great that's why I love it!YummyClassic chicago deep dish pizza with their infamous butter crust.  They actually sell their pizza online so if you dont live in chicago, you'll be able to enjoy their pizza anyway.  That being said, Ive tried both the frozen kind and the one at the restaurant.  Surprisingly pretty close in terms of taste.  I would say the tomato and the cheese were the biggest difference from restaurant to home delivery.  The tomatoes were so fresh and the cheese gooyie-er.  The crust was pretty much the same.  All in all a good pizza, but still doesnt come close to the best in NYC.Why are you doing this to me?! I can never eat another slice of pizza unless it's from here. THE CHEESE GOODNESS: Seriously, it's just very cheesy. That's all. I love it.I'm no connoisseur when it comes to deep dish pizza but I know what I like and what I don't like and I like Lou's deep dish. We ordered a classic sausage deep dish pizza and it tasted deliciously delicious.  The dough was buttery and didn't taste doughy. I've tried other places and the crust had that distinct doughy taste of something from the 80's. Anyways, the cheese was thick and gooey and stretched out with every bite. The sausage patties were thick and had a bit of a nice spicy kick. The tomato sauce was sweet, tangy, and chunky. Great service! Our server came over to our table on multiple occasions to check up on us. All of these elements combined made this deep dish my "go to" place if I'm visiting Chicago.I'm from the east coast, deep dish pizza is not my thing...but I think this place changed my mind. A small (6") and a salad is a perfect lunch or dinner. We had the standard cheese, but we will defiantly try the Lou when we return!It's been too long since I've tried a real Chicago deep dish and Lou Malnati's did and excellent job reminding me how different a deep dish from Chicago can be than the one you get at your home town.  The crust was absolutely delicious.  It was buttery, crispy...simply breathtaking.  The sauce and cheese were also wonderful.  I shared a deluxe medium with my friend and it was so filling I could barely breathe afterwards.  The deluxe comes with sausage, peppers, onions, and mushrooms.  The sausage wasn't the best I've tried, but the crust and sauce more than made up for that.  If you come here, I recommend going for the front room.  The front room feels more like a Chicago pizza.  The back room can get noisy and is a pretty standard room with some sports memorabilia and two TVs.Another pizza spot--more of a fresh taste than the others I've tried. 3.5 starsCost to worth it ranking: 3Highlights:- Atmosphere: less super casual pizza placey than I imagined. Nice inside with sports jerseys and photos hung up on the walls- Pizza: more pure separated ingredients than a bunch of stuff mooshed together. Good in that it didn't give the processed feeling to it, but ding in that it was a bit lacking in flavor. I noticed 2 other big differences from other deep dishes I've had: crust was like a thin pie crust than thick doughy and it wasn't topped with a layer of crushed tomatoes.- Spinach bread: a loaf that from the surface just looks like a pound cake, but when cut into you find a cheesy spinach filling. Loved the fresh marinara sauce to pour on top, but the bread concoction itself could've used more flavoring to push it to be incredible. - Gluten free option: they called out a crust-free option which is fantastic for those allergic to gluten (like me but it's mild so I eat small portions of bread products)- Soda glasses: biggest I've seen--might be big gulp size so no need for refills Lowlights:- Eli's cheesecake: on the menu it said you could get slices to go, but they didn't have any on the dining in menuOverall pretty good but still on the lookout for what I consider the best.Chun's Pizza Consumption Checklist...1) Thin Crust - Check2) Sicilian Squares - Check3) Deep Dish - Check (Reviewing Now)4) California Grilled Style - Yeah...  We'll wait on That One!5) Old School Mainly Land Italian Pizza - Definitely Before I Die!It was by no coincidence that a patronage was paid to the fine establishment known as Lou Malnati's.  For starters, I am a New Yorker!  My experience with Pizza has solely been limited to that of Thin Crust and Sicilians.  The Deep Dish version of this delectable everyday eats, was one for which I have yet the pleasure of indulging.  That is, until I visited Lou's...The décor at Lou's is best described as Sports Bar meets Pizzeria.  The subtle and modest atmosphere, that's greatly complemented by the ensemble of autograph jerseys that engulfs the walls of this establishment, aides in its theme.  Various notables ranging from a Bobby Knight autographed Red Sweater to a signed Larry Bird Celtics Jersey are on full display.  Needless to say, the sports fan will find this establishment hard to turn up.On with the food...We opted to order the "Deluxe", which consisted of toppings ranging from Sausage, Mushrooms, Onions, and Green Peppers.  Let's not forget the butter crust!  It's a must have!  After placing our order, our server had to inform us that the wait time for this pizza was about 35 - 40 minutes.  Here's my "polite response"..."You're absolutely kidding... Right?"   Needless to say, I was hungry!Now this part is a bit fuzzy for me but she suggested we order an appetizer?  Two things come to mind...1) Do I really need an appetizer if I'm going to eat Deep Dish?2) Is she scamming us into spending more money while we wait!?!?Either way... We opted to order the Spinach Bread as my friend Brian had suggested this as being a "must have".Not to boast the server's diligence, but the spinach bread had a wait time of 15 minutes...  Great!Tick Tock...  Tick Tock...  Ding!  Spinach Bread!The Spinach Bread:  Two Words... "Queso Grande".  Don't let the name of the dish fool you.  Neither bread nor spinach are the hosts of this dish, it's the cheese!  Sure, the appetizer was coated with a  in thick piece of bread and strategically sprinkled spinach pieces (which were few and far between), but once you cut into the sucker, the mozzarella persistently flows with no end in sight.  The steam of mozzarella can engulf the entire serving plate if you allow it!  Let's focus on the taste...  Of course, anything with gluttonous amounts of cheese will taste good.  Just ask the Italians, they eat cheese straight up.  What I took from this dish was that despite the insurmountable amount of cheese used in the application, the balance in taste between all ingredients was well thought out.  Overall, despite the gluttonous amounts of cheese used, the application was highly preferred...Like clock work, Spinach Bread Down...  Here comes the Deluxe Deep Dish!Lou Malnati's Deluxe Deep Dish Pizza:  The presentation of the dish itself produced high praise and fright.  From the visual perception alone, the monstrosity that is to be my lunch overwhelmed any conscious dieting efforts.  For starters, the simple thickness of the Pizza resembled that of 5 thin crust slices stacked upon one another.  Still, despite my inherent dieting nature to turn away from such a decree, I indulged.  The taste...  Despite the burdensome corpulent nature of the Pizza, the balance (despite it's hearty portion) was exactly what was needed for such a "casserole" inspired application.  Digging into Lou Malnati's Deep Dish was comparable to that of eating a meatloaf with a butter crusted piece of bread on the bottle.  The overwhelming, but pleasantly, enjoyable, pizza was one in which the mightiest of eaters can only consume but so much of a good thing.  I opted to cop out @ 2  1/2 slices, my ordinary thin crust consumption would be the entire pie.  Much tasty, much preferred indeed!As if the Pizza wasn't enough...  Why not dessert?Chocolate Chip Pizza:  The individual sized dessert was coated with a bottom layer of a freshly baked chocolate chip cookie.  The dish was then topped with 2 quarts of ice cream, whipped cream, and cherries.  From my first visual gaze of this dessert, I was even more astonished at the fact that Chicagoans were able to create consumable monstrosity after consumable monstrosity.  The taste did not disappoint, although I found the dessert to be rather sweet, the cooling sensation generated from the ice cream gave the buttery chocolate chip cookie the right balanced needed for such a dessert.  The whipped cream added a nice touch of lighten sweetness to both the ice cream and cookie.With all things said and done, with all items consumed to our best efforts, the bill relinquished by the restaurant was a mere $43.00!  Yeah...  This Chicago "discounted" pricing scheme should be implemented by NY!I could write a really long review outlining every fantastic thing about this place.  Or I could just simply say "Its freaking awesome".   I only had the plain cheese, but think that was a smart move because then i could taste the melted cheese and the incredibly well seasoned but not overpowering mozerella sauce.  The buttery deep dish crust is so much better than the corn based one at Genos.  I also had the bruschetta, which was great and i loved the fact that i could drink pitchers of Goose Island's 312.   The pizza was even fantastic the next day as an afternoon snack.  Overall, my new favorite Chicago Deep Dish pizza place.My FAVORITE Chicago pizza place.  Great deep dish, but I personally love the thin crust. The crust is amazing; it is a butter crust and it is to die for!!  Also, the Lou Malnati's salad is fantastic.  Not necessarily the most healthy salad - it has I sometimes just order this as I am leaving work and pick it up on my walk home. One of my favorite things of all time, that I actually crave it!I am not a fan of pizza, but I love Lou Malnatis. I usually get their thin crust but only because the deep dish is just way to filling for me. I have only had delivery from this location. The pizza is always good. The only bad thing I will say is that the delivery takes a while. Sometimes an hour or more, so order in advance if you are getting delivery.UPDATE: Took away a star because 50% of my dinner mates had major digestion problems for rest of the weekend.  Thank goodness I don't eat pizza.******************Freshman year college beau, Greg (1 of 3) only ate pizza, hamburgers, and occasionally Taco Bell, period. So for well over a dozen years (telling of my age) I  did not touch any of the said food items.2007 has been a mile marker for me, I think I've eaten pizza about 4-5 times, Which is 4-5 times more than I wanted to.I'm currently in Chi-town and the token local guy out of the retreat group took us to Lou's. It's a tradition, I hear.One thing he didn't know: I'm allergic to tomatoes (not resulting in death allergic reaction, luckily and I do like what I can't have).  Second thing he didn't know: I HATE Cheese.  Albeit, I did warn him I am a protein gal. So I've been traveling via a flight that didn't serve or sell lunch, I was starving.  at Lou's I ended up with a really big, yet soggy and uneventful Cesar salad but a very tasty cup of chicken and veggie soup (with tomatoes, but who cares).Where am I getting at... The two large stuffed pizza looks absolutely soaked in grease and not edible unless I really want a heart attack before I'm 40 yrs young.  I did try one,  I scrapped off the nasty cheese and toppings, the crust ended up pretty good.Lack of choices didn't help. but I did find our waitress very friendly bringing me 12 sugars for my 32 oz of tea at every refill and the soup, crust on the pizza, plus the cookie pizza with ice cream were delish.After I get back to Cali, I need to detox from all the grease I've eaten and going to eat in chicago.The second and last of the famous Chicago deep dish pizzas I tried...three hours after the first.  I'm pretty sure that there is Italian in some part of my Chinese ancestry because I looooove pizza.  Whoever first created the buttered crust at Lou Malnati's Pizzeria should be anointed to sainthood.  Just sprinkle some melted butter onto his forehead and have his divine symbol be a round piece of buttered dough.  However, I believe that Giordano's ingredients were more worthy of my praise.  The cheese, tomato, and pepperoni stuffing just didn't tickle my fancy.  Also, the slow service at Lou's baffled me.  It was about 5pm and I sat at my table for 20 minutes before a server even approached me.My hubby and the in laws love this place so I really hope they're not reading this. This place inspired my to make an I don't get it list on yelp. For me, the pizza here has too much sauce, the cheese is too thick and hard, and the toppings are a bit skimpy. I like the end of the crust where I can really taste the cornmeal and it's nice and crispy, but on the bottom it's often soggy. I enjoy the salad here but should I really like the salad more than the pizza? Please tell me what I'm missing about this place.Wow. I've never had deep dish before but I can't get over how good the damn crust was. I'm still thinking about it. I loved every bite, and that was a lot of  bites since my mom and I insisted on ordering the medium instead of the small. I really enjoyed it!i made it to chicago!!  =)  *this is after i have been wanting to go forever.. so this is what real chicago pizza looks like?  growing up, i had the red barons from the grocery store...uno's pizzeria (in cupertino, ca..lol)...and BJ's.  we didn't eat lunch but glad we opted for the early dinner on a friday night (5:30pm).  plenty of seating, a lot of sports jersey's hanging on the wall with captions, nice family atmosphere.  FOOD:malnati salad (medium size) -- romaine lettuce, bacon, diced     tomatoes...light sweet viniagrette dressing that was just perfectchicago pizza with butter crust (small) -- the small is good for 2 people.      it has sausage, marinated tomatoes, cheese.  comes with extra     cheese and sauce alreadycookie pizza (small) -- didnt look like a pizza...more like a cookie at the     bottom of a 4 inch (?) ramekin with vaniia ice cream, whipped cream     and a cherry on top.  this was basically a sundae with a cookie     bottom.the salad was a perfect starter.  then the pizza arrives.  it looks small but it is packed!!  the butter crust was like a pie crust.  melted cheese was ooey gooey.  the marinated tomatoes were the perfect compliment to the sausage topping.  the pizza got better and better as i ate more and more...heheh.  =)so i asked the waitress..."what kind of tomatoes are these?  they are sooo good.."  turns out the tomatoes are marinated and canned...and they come from california.i wouldn't have tried the cookie pizza but since i have to do the best i can to order everything, we did.  it was good but not necessary.  okay...now for the food coma...i had severe food coma.  i could barely walk..  people probably thought i was drunk or something.  all i had was half of a small butter crust chicago pizza, salad, and half a cookie sundae.  when we left, all the tables were filled and there was a loong wait.after walking from lou malnati's to navy pier...all the way down and back to the hotel, i still felt the food coma.  delicious...yes.  gluttony at it's best...NOTE:pizza takes 30 min.  cookie pizza takes 15 min.  so you should order some kind of appetizer or salad while waiting for the pizza.  at least you know it comes out fresh out of the oven.  Mmm...OH MY GODSimply put some of the best pizza I have ever had in my entire life. Im thrilled because the last pizza I had which had an equally buttery and rich crust was at this tiny place in French Polynesia (Le Bounty if you can make it), and I have been terrified that the only way to recapture that taste was a 13 hour plane ride. Well, thank god for Lou's. And while it's sport theme and faux wood decor comes nowhere close to replicating the charm of an outdoor bistro on a tropical island, the pizza at least is just as good. My friend and I shared a medium pizza on a lovely (shocking!) Saturday morning ; however, her being asian and I being manorexic, we barely put a dent in it despite our best efforts. For toppings, we chose pepperoni, spicy mix (ghiardani maybe?) and spinach. WOW.  It came out after I had already washed down two delicious bloody marys and was ready to devour.  The place would get 5 stars, but the service really really sucked and the decor is lame. We had to ask over and over for menus; get ourselves drinks at the bar; ask over and over for water; hunt down our waitress. It was annoying. But not enough to significantly denigrate a sublime culinary outing.Free lunch? Yeah!! Our office had ordered pizza from here today. Wasn't exactly piping hot from the oven but damn, it was good. I tried both the thick and the thin crust pizzas.The spinach thick crust was ok but the thin crust was really really good.Had the veggie thin crust and the plain cheese, both were awesome. In comparison to Unos, I really liked Unos thick crust much better.Could only imagine how pizza would taste hot from the oven... probably 10 times better!This place is a menace to the waistlines of Chicago.  Great food and the price we good.  We waiting a long time for seating, waiting outside on the street. That's the only negative I have, and for me that's huge, and I still give them 4 stars!  The classic deep dish pizza is awesome.  The  cheese and spinach stuffed bread is great.  The salad was "good".  The portions on the pasta we ordered were huge, the child's size isn't bad for an adult, and the adult size would feed 2.I'm currently in process of writing to the UNESCO World Heritage committee to add the deep dish pizza here to the list of places that have an outstanding universal value. Done and done. Eat pizza here.I think Lou's does the best Chicago style pizza.  I particularly like this location.  You should also consider ordering the dessert pizza which is a big chocolate chip cookie cooked in a pizza pan basically topped with a sundae!  You'd better bring some friends along to share it with!I'm reviewing this chain based off of its whole "ship nationwide!" thing. I'm sorry, but it makes zero sense. It costs just under $14 for a 9" pizza at the restaurant, but it costs ... ... ... THIRTY bucks to get the SAME thing delivered to your house. Please explain to me how this is a good value? The $14 for 9" in Chicago is fair, but under no circumstance is it okay or reasonable to charge as much as they do -- even if it includes shipping, which it does. For that reason alone, there's no way I can recommend ordering through the mail. It is the very epitome of a rip-off, and it's pretty much robbery.Who has the best Chicago deep dish pizza?  It's like asking if you prefer Aruba or Martinique.  It's a fierce battle for the right to say "We are the best."  After trying many other locations over the years, it was my first time to Lou Malnati's.  There is a first for everything and a simple joy of being 43 years old is that there are not a lot of "first's" left to experience in life so I was particularly looking forward to experiencing my first Lou Malnati's pizza.  And for the kids, their first Chicago deep dish ever.  I think the words out of our 9 year olds mouth sum it up: "Yum and a Yum, and a YUM!"I eat at Lou's only if I'm in the mood for the deep dish chocolate chip cookie dessert. The pizza just lacks the sauce and taste of the other two places (Gino's and Uno's). Did you know Lou was a cook for Uno's who stole, I mean borrowed the recipe with a few alterations and opened up his own place?The deep dish pan pizza was the BEST that I've ever had.  I love pizza.  I can live on it.  Yum-yum.  I got to Lou's at 7 pm and the place was packed!  I should have called-in my order, so ended up waiting 45 mins. I took the 15 min ride on the EL brown line, followed by another 10 mins walking with a quick stop to purchase a drink, and by that time my pizza was soggy.  Soggy pizza, that's a new one for me.  Oh well, it was still delicious with a glass of chilled white wine.  I heard that they'll delivery a frozen pizza anywhere in the US.  Hmmmm.....The staff does leave much to be desired.  The hostess was sweet, but, damn, the seater was actually hollering out people's name, "NICK! NICK! Party for 4, NICKKKKKK!!!"  Serious, folks.  LMAO.Is this the best pizza you've ever had? No. To be honest it wasn't even the best deep dish I've ever had. It was damn good though. I stopped by for a quick lunch, and conveniently they have a bunch of personal pizzas ready to go during lunch, which are pretty much the perfect size, i wasn't looking for a food coma. The staff was also really friendly, I would definitely return next time I'm in Chicago.I don't know what they do to their crust but it is soooo friggin good. Thick crust, think crust...I love it. Just give me the crust and I'll be good. Okay, so maybe I need more then the crust but mmmmm, soo good! It's just a toss up for me as to which is better....think it just depends on what I'm in the mood for. Oh the thing I don't like is if you ask for extra sausage they end up putting a sausage patty across the entire pizza which I am not a fan of. I want my sausage crumbled not in huge patty form...that's just weird...or maybe I'm weird...whatever. To each his own.My first time in Chicago, and I wanted to try the local deep dish pizza. The reviews for Malnati's were high on praise, and I was in the area, so that's where I went. I started with the House salad, which was delicious, and then I had the Malnati special classic deep dish. The Sausage was excellent, and the sauce was tasty, and the crust was nice as well. Overall, I enjoyed it, but I just can't make myself think of this as pizza. I guess I'm more of a NY style guy.Ok, I had to separate hype from reality.  I finally tried Lou Malnati's.  I'm happy to report that this pizza lives up to word-of-mouth claims of greatness.  I think it may have dethroned Giordano's in my book.  I love the butter crust and melty cheese.  I can't wait to go back to try the Lou and the Deluxe.Move over Zachary's... but I've just tried the REAL THING... don't get me wrong people... I will always love Zachary's... closest to the real thing to a Chicago style deep dish pizza... but Lou Malnati's Pizza just melted in my mouth with every bite!  With a oh so tasty buttery crust... the sauce having just the right amount of tomatoes and the cheese wasn't as overwhelming (as it can at times with Zach's)... but none the less... pure joy!  We had the sausage deep dish, a Lou Malnati's house salad which had the crunchiest, yet very flavorful bacon bits that were real and not artificial... and don't forget to order a beer!  For me... pizza and beer... can't beat that!Have been here a couple of times now. It is nice because you can order your pizza while you wait. This location isn't very big. The prices are not bad. Did not see a difference in what the butter crust means. The pizza is lighter than Giordano's and the sauce has a lighter flavor but it's nice. The deep dish cookie is pretty good.My first trip to Lou Malnati's was about a year ago. I'm planning on moving to the area and I was in town visiting some friends and checking out the sights over Spring Break, which also happened to be around St. Patrick's Day. I was a bit shocked to find that even on a holiday like that that not very many places Downtown stay open; however, this place was and I really enjoyed the experience. They have some of the best pizza that I have ever had and our appetizers could have been a meal in themselves. I would definitely go here again. The only complaint I have is that the service could have been better, but I do realize that being one of the only places open they were probably a bit busier than usual.Can I give you a big hug, Lou?  Pizza is soo mouth-watering, especially with the mushroom/spinach toppings and the butter crust.  Their antipasto salad is also phenomenal and the bruschetta is quite yummy.  And don't forget about the dessert pizza.  That's delectable as well!  Be prepared to wait long on the weekends.  I'm used to it so I try not to let it bother me when I'm inhaling the delicious smell of melted cheese...mmm.  Once in awhile when you're waiting, they give you free samples...probably a pizza that a customer didn't pick up but hey, I'm not complaining!I have found deep dish heaven in the form of Lou Malnati's! This is my second visit to Chicago and now I can finally compare two Chicago-style deep dish pizzas and Lou's definitely kicks Giordano's in the behind. After my daylong flight and four hour wait at the airport, I was looking forward for some good Chicago-style pizza. I was not disappointed at all and actually pleasantly surprised by how much I liked Lou's. We ordered the famous "Lou," with spinach, mushrooms, and sliced tomatoes, with the addition of sausage. The best part of the pizza was the buttermilk crust. Unlike the flaky and dense dough from Giordano's, Lou's buttermilk crust is lighter and more buttery. It is wildly addictive as I found myself wanting more crust than the rest of the pizza (usually I just like to eat the pizza and forgo the crust). I think my only complaint about this pizza is that the excess of vegetables creates a watery composition. This is due to the water loss from the spinach and the pizza becomes not quite soggy per say, but it would be getting there. But I can appreciate that the three vegetarian ingredients keeps the flavors simple and good. Between two people, we ended up ordering a large with 8 slices that feeds four people. I managed to polish off three slices before satiation overcame me. All of this was washed down with an ice cold coke. Last time at Giordano's, I said life was good. Well, life is better at Lou's!The pizza here is obviously classic and pretty damn good. Can't go wrong with this place. This particular location is a bit smaller. I keep going back and forth between whether I prefer Lou's or Giordano's. It's a tough decision but I think I might slightly prefer Giordanos. Maybe it's the sauce or maybe it's the crust. I don't know. Either way both of these places are delicious. Enjoy it.i completely agree with the comment that lou malnatti's is mediocre (at best). i don't really like deepdish but i my cousin (from new haven, home of the Best Pizza Ever) was visiting and demanded to be taken to lou's because she heard it was the best pizza in chicago. neither of us were impressed, and i think i was even less so than her. it took about 45 min to be seated, and it didn't seem busy. we had to order our pizza while we were standing around, and after half an hour i thought i was going to have a hypoglycemic attack. when we were seated, the decor was lame, i thought -- very kitchy, a theme at some italian restaurants that i will never understand or embrace. the pizza came and it was okay but i would have rather spent my caloric intake at PIECE or really anywhere else. buttercrust? why doesn't it taste like buttery goodness? it doesn't taste like anything. it tastes like a ball of dough. i don't understand chicago pizza, and the supposed best of the best couldn't even convince me. blah.I adore Lou's thin-crust pizza. It is crunchy and buttery and delicious. I usually get a margarita-style pizza and am set for the whole afternoon. Yeah, I have tried the butter crust deep dish, but the thin-crust has my vote hands-down!!!Though I still am the biggest fan of Gino's East, i thoroughly enjoy Lou Malnati's deep dish...their normal pan style  is pretty good too...but I enjoy their sauce and the dough on the pizza...nice and chewy if thats what you're in the mood for.Great food, huge portions, really reasonably priced.  That would sum up Lou Malnati's.  Although the wait for a table of 4 was something like 30 minutes, it worked out perfectly because we pre-ordered our deluxe pizza with butter crust and it was timed perfectly with the rest of the meal.  We started off with a Malnati salad which was very good yet beyond the capacity of four guys to finish.  The pizza came and we were only able to finish about half of it even though we were trying to force ourselves to finish it so we wouldn't have to return to the apartment with leftovers to drop off before a night out on the town.  Turns out returning to the apartment with leftovers after dinner worked in our favor because leftover Lou Malnati's tastes even better when you're drunk at 2 in the morning.THIS IS LITERALLY THE BEST PIZZA ON THE WORLD.  NO WAIT IN THIS GALLAXY!!! ok, now that i have metioned that...the obvious, i can move on.  Now if you have never had this pizza and say you say that Gino's East is the best pizza you are wrong.  I highly suggest it...trust me!!! The best place in the world.  Even my sister who lives in San Fran would probaly fly home just to eat Lou's.  So incase you havent already, just go there for the best experience for your taste buds you will ever have.Terrific deep-dish sausage pizza, I really loved the crust and the very tomato-y sauce!  I normally prefer thin crust, but I'd eat this any day.  But what really blew me away about my lunch today on Wells St was the service. We had a tall young blond man (I thought his name was "Rick," but the receipt says Jarrad) who was spot on, and the host staff was friendly and obviously well-trained too.  I'm a former server myself, was once the #2 waiter at a high-volume upscale restaurant that closed awhile back, so I know what makes for great service.  Below are my own criteria for great service.  In my experience today at Lou Malnati's, they *nailed* every point.1. Greet my party at the door - if there isn't a line, don't make us wait more than one minute without being greeted 2. A server should greet our table within 3 minutes of being seated, ask for a drink order and tell us the specials of the day4. Servers must have a thorough knowledge of every item on the menu, especially for customers with common dietary restrictions (vegan, nut allergies, etc.)5. If our food is taking longer than normal, at least check in with the guests.  An explanation might not be needed - just don't ignore us.  Communication goes a LONG way in preventing unhappy guests!5. Servers MUST do at least a visual check (make direct eye contact, if not verbal contact) within 3 minutes of our entrees being served.  This is the 3 most important minutes of the entire meal!  If my food is over/undercooked, not as I requested, if I need more salad dressing, or want another glass of wine WITH my meal, etc. - NOW is the time for those requests to be handled ASAP.  MOST restaurants in Chicago fail at this basic point of service6. A great server will notice if I am getting low on iced tea/coffee/water, etc., and keeps it refilled without me having to flag them down7. A great sever will be able to "read" his customers, and know if they want to be entertained, or left alone and interrupted as infrequently as possible.  A visual check - the server makes their presence known in case the customer needs anything, but does not interrupt - can be highly effective.8. Don't disappear when it is time for the check, please!The wife and I walked here after we checked into hotel. I'd heard great things, so the bar was set very high.And I'm more of a NY style than Chicago, or deep dish. We pulled up a seat at bar, bartender couldn't have been nicer!!!We ordered a small Lou's special. That was plenty for 2.Pizza was THE BOMB!!!!!This place is famous. So when I had the opportunity to try it I was very excited. Didn't mind the wait. I was surprised when it turned out to be deep dish. Then my curiosity was satisfied, and didn't feel like I was missing out, because I get the same at Italian Pie Shoppe. Its not the same Chicago experience. I can live with that and hope I'm not blaspheming too much on my own personal comparison.The best deep dish pizza I've ever had. And that butter crust is so good it makes you wanna slap someone. Before arriving to Chitown for my 30th birthday this past December, I  had looked up Lou's on line and vowed that we'd go to check it out. It was only a few blocks away from or Hotel (Almafi) so we decided to walk and check it out -  Boy were we impressed. the freshest bruschetta I had ever had - with Delicious tomatoes, freshly shaved parm, and good olive oil. The pizza was so good I will definitely order some to go and take it home to Cali! Go and you will see what's up. Wish there was one in CaliforniaHoly Mother Pizza... BEST PIZZA I'VE EVER HAD IN MY ENTIRE LIFE!!!!!!  My cousin (local foodie) brought me here. OMFG!!!! I NEVER WANT TO EAT ANYTHING ELSE EXCEPT LOU'S deep dish pizzas! If you're ever in Chi-Town go to a Lou's, it will change your mind on eating Dominos, Pizza Hut etc.... 20 Stars!!!!!!!Meh, its...alright. I almost think I prefer a place in CA than here. The buttercrust was tasty but needed salt. The veggie deep dish was tasty but nothing amazing. Maybe I should have gotten the sausage pizza.The salad was delicious though. With the sweet dressing!Yeah it's good so just get in your car, jump on a bus, plane, whatever to get here.Best deep dish and the inside feels like a real pizza joint.Came to Chicago last month. This was our first meal upon arrival, and our last before departure. One Malnati salad and a small Malnati Chicago Classic each time. Can't get this in LA. Probably a good thing, as I would probably have it once a week if I could.This is my favorite pizza. It's delicious. I love the thin crust pepperoni with a Malnati's salad. Their crust is amazing. Sometimes the service is weird, but it's worth it.This place gets real busy.  We ordered the classic deep dish pizza.  I came to Chicago for the deep dish and this was the first place we came to.  I was unfortunately underwhelmed.  I recently had deep dish for the first time in SF and it was basically on par with that pizza pie.  Not that I didn't enjoy it but I guess I was expecting more from Chicago deep dish.I'm not really into having a lot of vegetables on my pizza but I love the veggie pizza from here, they call it the Lou.  It comes in deep dish and thin crust.  Personally I think the thin crust is better.  The other pizzas are good too but the Lou thin crust is my favorite.  If you go you should try it.By far my favorite place to get Chicago's famous deep dish pizza. It's better than Gino's East and Pizzeria Due and WAY better than Giordano's. I cannot get enough of the butter crust. Best. Pizza. Ever.High "pizza craftsmanship". In fact, best pizza I've ever had (sorry New York). Fresh tomato and mozzarella, perfectly seasoned lean sausage make a LOT of difference. Dough has a bit of white wine taste. It is crispy fresh out of the oven and stays crispy till the last piece. I personally like the sausage better than classic. Also if you want to try the soup and don't, you should regret. Wait at this restaurant is insane. Do whatever you can to beat the crowd. But food is worth the wait (normally 30+ minutes). Warm home feeling service.honestly, don't even waste your time with any other deep dish pizza joints because this place is by far the best!3 girls and we all ordered the individual sized pizza. it was perfect for us, the tomato sauce was soooo watering and tasteful, and it fit perfectly with the crust. The crust was nice and crunchy and each bite of pizza was full of flavor. My mouth is waterying while reading this!we had the "Lou" - spinach, mushrooms, tomatoes... my favorite of the 3Malnatic Chicago Classic - full of meat, yummy!Pepperoni - just kept one plain, still good but definitely prefer the other twoThe best deep-dish in Chicago.  The end.Best deep dish pizza I've had in Chicago.  I looooooove the spinach pizza with the fantastic butter crust.  I try not to come here too often because I usually end up having to wear the "fat pants" afterwards!If I knew I was going to die tomorrow, I would jump into an Olympic sized pool filled with Lou Malnati's pizza and eat my way out today.  I'm serious.Really good Pizza, what makes it is the sausage if you get it, which is one large piece that covers the entire pizza.  Some of the best I've ever had.  Beyond that though, crust and sauce are pretty average.  Restaurant location, layout, and interior are all top notch as well.I live in San Fran now, but I miss my favorite pizza of all time.  Let me tell you people, nowhere else in the country do they know what Chicago-style pizza is, and should be.  Best pizza in the country, hands down.This is THE place to get Chicago Style pizza!  It was amazing.  I have had others and this one is my favorite. The ingredients are super fresh.  The crust is perfectly balanced.  The sauce is not too viscous - it blends nicely.  Love it!   Thanks Lou for keeping with the original recipe!This is a review for the gluten free among us. I went to Lou Malnati's to try their (in)famous gluten free pizza. To make the pizza gluten free they substitute a large disk of sausage for the crust. Since hearing about it, I haven't spoken with anyone who actually tried it. I think it's one of those things that sounds interesting, but is a little more than the stomach can handle.I ordered a small (rather than personal size) with the optimistic hope that I would love it and want leftovers. With my first bite, I was surprised to find that the sausage is not dripping with grease, and actually has a distant resemblance to the consistency of a chewy crust. This is not what sausage is supposed to do. After a few more exploratory bites, I decided it was not a bad substitute -- the lack of oil/fat in the sausage is good because really fatty sausage in that quantity could do a person in. But without the flaky pizza crust to support it, the sauce and the whole pizza tasted bland. I had two slices, then called it a day. The leftovers didn't go home with me.Lou's has had this version of the gluten free pizza for a while now, and back when they started serving it there was much less known about the food chemistry of how to make a gluten-free crust, and certainly fewer suppliers of quality ingredients. Times have changed though, and several companies are now serving excellent gluten free pizza that is indistinguishable from the rest. Lou's needs to revisit this offering and bring it up to date. if you're with someone who HAS to have Lou Malnati's, the personal pizza is a viable part of a larger meal. But don't go out of your way to try it.Lou Malnati's was just OK for me. It was good, but the crust lacked a little more umph that I would like. We got the spinach pizza and it came with lots of cheese and a nice chunky tomato sauce. Loved the combination but the pizza did not impress.First time in Chicago, so I came to Lou Malnati's looking for an authentic Chicago deep dish pizza.  We ordered the "Lou" (spinach, mushroom, tomato & cheese pizza).  The pizza here takes 35 minutes to bake, so we ordered some other things to pass the time.  I didn't care for the cocktail sauce that was served with the calamari, also the batter wasn't light & crispy.  I was surprised when the pizza came out that it wasn't as stuffed or thick as I was expecting.  The crust wasn't doughy, more crunchy like toast & buttery.  The filling was a little runny, probably from the fresh spinach & tomatoes.  Overall, not very flavorful.I am not a fan of pizza at all. However, I got a chance to be introduced to Lou Malnati's deep dish pizza. I have to say...it has totally changed my life and I fell in love with it so deeply. I can't describe how much I love it, but I have used it as my birthday cake last year. This is to let yall know how much I love it!! If you ever wanna try something new, maybe you can give it a try!!Order some carryout, slap some fat pants on me, and plant me in front of the TV.  I could not ask for anything more in life.  DEEP DISH to the extreme.  It's amazing.  I start off being dainty and cut off the first pieces with a fork and knife...then I move to jamming the thing in my mouth, next thing you know I'm stealing slices off other people's plates.  Never tried the thin crust, I leave that for Pizza Metro.Oh Chicago, how I yearn for thee. Thy glorious skyscrapers and massive delicious pizzas. In October last year, I ran 13 blocks in pouring rain to this Lou's, an hour after landing in from Austin. I couldn't get here fast enough. It didn't even bother me that I had ruined my shoes, and trust me, I love my shoes. I sat dripping wet in a booth, shoes off, shivering, devouring pizza without a care in the world. Lou's is seriously the best in Chicagoland, trust this former Napervillian. I crave it on hot summer days, here in Texas, miles and miles away. I can almost smell it in the air on a crisp fall day. The butter crust, the toppings, the stewed tomato chunks. Sigh. Until next time Lou's. Kisses!Deep Dish + Butter Crust. It's amazing!I love gourmet pizza. I hail from LA and think Mozza holds the crown for amazing puffy, charred crust and homemade sauce and toppings. Lou's is not like that. It's a different ballgame altogether and it is the champion as far as I'm concerned. The buttermilk crust is absolutely fantastic and unlike any other crust I've had. It stays crispy throughout (even in dead center of the pizza with all the weight of the sauce and toppings) and the light sausage on the classic was delicious! It was a perfect balance of sauce:cheese:meat:crust. Excellent service as well.dayummm! talk about a Chicago style pizza. i came here on a nice afternoon and was surprised to be sat down very quickly in the patio. which was so awesome. i got the house favorite Chicago style pizza that came with all sorts of toppings. i liked that the waitress gave us the exact time it would take to make our pizza. 35 minutes for a small. i also ordered the house salad with sweet onion dressing. YUMMMY it was such a tasty crunchy salad! when the pizza finally came out i had no choice but to destroy that beautiful thing. the cheese, the sauce, the toppings. perfection! its definitely a heavy meal so make sure to wear your stretchy pants(youll thank me later ;) )Friendly staff, attentive service.  Buffalo chicken wings were just AOK but not mind blowing - felt a bit overcooked to be honest.  The deep dish, though, was spot on.  Positioned just north of the river on the southern perimeter of downtown, the place is entirely reachable by foot from the financial district.In Chicago, there are many partisan issues. Cubs versus Sox. Tribune versus Sun-Times. The most important, by far, though, is which of the home-grown pizza institutions has your loyalty. There are many to choose from, Giordano's. Gino's. Bacino's, etc. For me, it is Lou's without question. There is something addictive in their butter crust, but by the time I'm done eating I'm too euphoric and sleepy to question what it is. The cheese is perfectly balanced with the sauce, and the toppings are great. I've received their mail-order pizzas as a gift (delivered to the east coast, carefully packaged) and they cooked up exactly as they do in the restaurant. A couple of less heralded perks are 1) their sweet vinaigrette salad dressing, which they sell by the bottle, and 2) their cookie-in-the-pan dessert. Yum!I used to work around the corner from this Lou Malnati's, and lived around the corner from the one in Lincoln Park.  As for this one, I only ate their lunch specials, and they are absolutely top notch.  A personal pizza or pasta, a salad, bread, and a soda for all of like $6.  Absurdly affordable, and incredibly tasty.  Having a LM nearby for lunch made my job somewhat tolerable (for about a year).Best deep dish pizza I had ever had! Waitstaff was attentive but not overbearing. Lemon drop martini was to die for. Can't wait to go back.I have I would pick this place over Giordanos....I love the crust here! so buttery! i love that i can order pizza here and have it shipped to Hawaii!!! But this place is sooo good, even though you have to wait, I love it!YUM YUM YUM. Having been to UNO's chain in the past (and not being that impressed), I was anxious to try a true Chicago Deep Dish pizza from a Chicago staple. I needed something to change my mind. I had always thought I knew what a true deep dish was, but boy was I wrong! Lou Malnati's encompassed the essence of the Windy City. Not only was their pizza tasty, but the gangster/team posters made it feel like you were in a true Chi-town family restaurant.I was prepared for an hour wait (at least!) so when I arrived and saw a small waiting area I was pretty surprised. The wait staff was definitely on their game and even took our order ahead of time, assuring it would get to our table once we were seated. After waiting about 15 minutes, we were seated and I decided to relax with a nice cold 312 brew. After about 40 minutes of great conversation and ooh'ing/ahh'ing over the pizzas at the table next to us, we were served. I went with the Lou donne with their homemade sauce, spinach, tomato, mushroom and four cheeses. My bf ordered a sausage, mushroom and green pepper pizza that also looked amazing. All ingredients mixed seamlessly and made for an unforgettable lunch. The flavors of the toppings were fresh and the cheese was melted to perfection. The crust was buttery, crisp and provided for the perfect pie shell. We had leftovers and 1 night later I was reminded of the amazing taste-fest that had taken place in my mouth before.I would recommend this place to any out-of-towners and fellow yelpers. Yum doesnt say enough!Really delicious deep dish pizza.  Kate was a great server with a wonderful personality.  I'm really impressed by the efficiency and flow of the staff. They kept things going with pre-ordering your pie and turning tables quickly.  This isn't some little mom and pop enterprise but you can see how they've been successful for so long and have built a mini empire. Worth the stop!The best deep dish pizza I've ever had, hands down!I'm just a tourist, but this is the best deep dish pizza I have had in Chicago. Actually, it is the best deep dish pizza I have had anywhere.  We don't have great deep dish in California. The quality of their ingredients and the red ripe tomatoes is comparable to the other three or four places I have been in Chicago, but Lou Malnati's flaky buttery crust is the best.Holy Crap this place is great! The deep dish, and the Malnati's salad... I could have stayed there all day!The best thing about Malnati's deep dish for me is that you can get sausage as an entire patty spread about the whole pie (or crumbled/spread out, your choice).  The crust is more crunchy than flaky - and I personally prefer the flaky style from Gino's East.  But, overall, Malnati's deep dish is a very good Chicago style pie served in a great sports themed atmosphere.  I'd give it a solid 3 stars!  The extra star here (bringing it up to a more-than-respectable 4) is because they have Peroni on tap.The pizza itself it pretty good, but after trying several Pizza places in the City it's difficult for this place to warrant the four or five stars. They deep dish pizza is tasty but there was nothing about in particular that gave a sudden "woah" after my first bite. Sure I would go here again and again, but this place seems to be way over hyped for the Chicago area. The location in the River North area is pretty awesome, I enjoyed the service and the wait time was pretty quick as well.mehhhhhhhh.it was just okay. made worse by the HORRIBLY SLOW time between ordering and getting the food. what, like 40 minutes? and we ordered ten minutes BEFORE we sat down. one hour for 3 personal size pizzas? jokes on us! we wont be going back. the sauce was just bland and something about the crust just tasted stale! way understaffed servers who couldn't give quality attention to their patrons. why is this place famous again?Traveled through Chicago from Los Angeles on a cross country road trip. My friends and I were dying to get some deep dish, authentic Chicago pizza. We asked around and found a lot of people telling us to go to various places. We ended up going here (cause I remembered my old teacher, a Chicago native, recommended this place) and I was pretty happy about it. The pizza was pretty dang good. I am not sure if it was authentic Chicago--but I do know it tasted pretty dang awesome.Great Service and super yummy in the tummy food! The pizza was to die for and people couldn't say no to second helping. Chicken sandwich was delightful and the fries were amazing. The service was attentive, helpful and went above/beyond.  Despite the smaller size of the restaurant they were able to seat our large party of 10.  I will definitely come back here when in the area. yelp you didn't let me down!I have never had a bad pizza from Lou's. It is point blank the best pizza on Earth. Service is good. If you are from Chicago you know the pizza doesn't get any better than this!!!I finally got to eat at the original Lou Malnati's location this past weekend after a long 31-mile ultra marathon.  I forgot how long that it takes to cook a pizza, so we ordered some appetizers.  The cheesy bread was fantastic!  Much better than that of other local pizza locations. It was a great size to even fill up four people in one serving.Ok, so I know everyone raves about this being the best pizza in the world, but I would have to disagree.  The crust is buttery and when I want pizza I want dough.  The restaurant itself is ok, a lot of families and teenagers, I guess its a typical pizza joint.I came here with a bunch of other academics during a conference. The pizza was edible and thick, but it was definitely not in flavor country. I tried the supreme and veggie versions, and like someone else said it seemed like the pizza was a little undercooked (the sauce and cheese was a bit on the runny side).In spite of all the hype for Chicago deep dish, I was thoroughly unimpressed. We had to wait half-an-hour for the pizza, and the beer selection was very limited (any self-respectable pizza joint will have an awesome beer selection). It gets three stars, since the seating for large groups is great, the food was adequately filling and the company was good (albeit this is not something the joint can manipulate directly).Quality over quantity, man, quality over quantity.CONTEXT:Date: November 2007Time: DinnerTable for 14, no reservationsI'm normally not a deep dish pizza fan (okay, get over it), but this place rocked! The menu told you how much food was enough for how many people, and it was right. Before I get into all the details, their beer selection was pretty bad. They had six beers, all bottles, and nothing too great. So we arrived around 1:30pm and this place was packed, we had to wait five to ten minutes for a seat, but that wasn't a problem. We started off our meal with two beers and an order of wings. They had a special ranch sauce that was very plain, there wasn't much of a ranch taste. But the wings still had a kick and were really good!We ordered a peperoni deep dish, and when we ordered our waiter said it would take 45 minutes. It took 45 minutes. However, when he brought it out, he said because it took so long he would give us a free dessert! Right on! The pizza was delicious, like I said I'm not a huge fan of deep dish because of the amounts of cheese they put on it, but we both cleared our plates. The Pzookie (or half baked cookie with ice cream, whipped cream, and a cherry on top) definitely hit the spot. While this meal was filling and should have knocked us out, we kept going and trying new places in Chicago all day! Great meal, great for lunch, but even better for those days when you get off at 3pm!I'm a New Yorker, and all I have to say is that this is the best pizza I've ever had. I want to go back to Chicago, just for the pizza (and maybe a game at Wrigley).Who knows which one we ordered from, but it was delicious. After a late brunch at five star Bongo (yelp.com/biz/the-bongo-r…), I wasn't that hungry but knew I needed to sample authentic deep dish. Glad we did. Loved that they had an individual size for about half of what I'd spend back home, and loved that they offered lowfat cheese. Add in some spinach and tomatoes, and it was simply delicious.Wow - this place had delicious deep dish pizza.  We got the butter crust, but I couldn't taste the butter, so maybe it just makes it extra crunchy?  I ordered the personal pepperoni with spinach, which was quite small but juicy.  My two friends shared a medium pizza with sausage and some other veggies - I really liked theirs, though it had less sauce than mine did.  I thought the sausage would be like the kind you get at McDonalds for breakfast, but it was more like an apple sausage and came in HUGE chunks.  I thought the crust wouId be extremely thick but it was maybe double the thickness of a thin pizza. Also tried their minestrone soup, which definitely tasted homemade, and their house salad, which came with a sweet balsamic vinagrette.Service was slow and the waitress was not very attentive. Loved the crunchyness of the crust but wished it were thicker. Pizza was good. I was sort of disappointed because it took just over an hour for a large pizza to be ready and served to us (even though we had pre-ordered the pizza about 45 minutes prior to arriving). Another observation. The cups for water were extremely small in comparison to the cups for soda. Why is that? Utensils were also very flimsy. I felt like i was sawing through my pizza with the dull blade on the knife.I love Lou's, it's my favorite in Chicago. This time I went to the downtown location for a quick lunch. I was dissapointed in the lunch special. It took a long time, came out small and not that tasty. Oh well, can't win them all. It's still a 5/5 in my book.Yum!!! I'm much more of a thin crust NY style pizza fan but when in Chicago you HAVE to try deep-dish!! A friend who is from Chicago recommended Lou's and man am I glad he did!! This is by far the best deep dish pizza I have ever tried!! We had a little bit of a wait before the server got to us, but she was very attentive once she did. She was sure to tell us that the pizza would take 40 minutes to cook, so no surprises there. You have to try this place if you are visiting Chicago!!I was in town with family, and we wanted to get some deep dish Chicago pizza. Five of us shared one medium and one large pizza. I really enjoyed the pizza, more than I remember enjoying deep dish pizza when I've had it in other (non-Chicago) places. The upstairs dining room was a little crowded, but our waiter was very nice. He even brought us an extra house salad on the house due to a mix-up from downstairs.i cant tell you what the place looked like inside cuz i had to sit outside. the tables outside are very flimsy very easily movable.on to the food the pizza is good i did not a buttery crust that everyone was mentioning. i did not like the crust i was happy just eating the sausage,sauce and cheese.the standout for me was the soup of the day Clam Chowder! omg i never been to Boston but these Chicago Italians know how to make a serious bowl of Chowda! it was soo good i wish i ordered a bowl instead of soup.oh and another definate dont miss is the chocolate chip cookie dessert.My boyfriend and I were in town for the UFC fight, and after seeing this joint on the Travel channel and other foodie shows that we are obsessed with, we decided to check it out.We arrived before the usual dinner time as we were still on EST and STARVING.We started out with the calamari and a round of Blue Moons.The calamari was tender and flavorful.  I don't know what kind of sauce they put on the side, it was like a mix of marinara and cocktail sauce.  I know it sounds off, but don't knock it until you try it. That shit was good! The beer was nice and cold and went great with the fried deliciousness we kept popping in our mouths.Rome wasn't built in a day... and a decent deep dish pizza doesn't pop out of the oven in less than 30 min. So if you're complaining that it takes too long to get your food, chill the hell out.  It's worth it. I PROMISE.  Get an appetizer to hold you over, sip on a beverage, and RELAX.We ordered the Chicago classic.  There is no skimping on toppings here.  The pie is layered with cheese, ripened tomatoes, a blanket of fresh Italian sausage, and packed in a buttery crust.You would think that with a combo of sausage and buttery crust this pie would be greasy as hell setting yourself up for a triple bypass .... FALSE.  This is probably one of the least greasy pizzas I have had in my time and it was nothing short of AWESOME.If it's just you and a date  I'd suggest the 9". It serves 2 and it is plenty of food...unless you feel like taking some home then I'd go for a bigger pie.PLUS they ship their pizzas anywhere in the country.... SAY WHAT?!OVERALL this is a 4.5 star review. The food and beer was food-gasm worthy.However, at times I felt neglected by our server, as we were sitting at a 2-top in the corner behind a wall.  My boyfriend and I are in love and all, but keep those beers coming, we are thirsty sons a bitches.I'd love to give Lou a high five... or a fist pound (whatever the trendy kids are doing these days) for knocking it out of the park.  Thank you for an awesome meal!A friend of mine from Wisconsin recommended this place for the pizza; he was right it was great.I came here for lunch on the recommendation of Yelper's and staff at the hotel.  It's a hidden gem of a place.  I arrived 09/28/13 around 1:30 p.m. and the place was packed.  I was seated quickly.  I had a coupon for a free brochettea and believe me it was great.  Perhaps the best I've had.  I ordered the Famous Lou's pizza with spinach, tomatoes and mushrooms.  It was delicious.  I ordered the small and it was perfect for two.  When I visit Chicago I have to indulge in the spinach pizza.  Very good!!  Salad was huge.  Order only one and split it.got the Lou's deep dish pizza....which was perfect for 2 people (2 slices each!)crust was very crunchy and lighter than I expected. it lacked some taste, however. a little salt would be great....had a flour-y taste to it.definitely very cheesy with some spinach tossed in.  I liked how it wasnt piled super high or make super thick.i did not feel overly greasy or heavy after 2 slices.Fantastic deep dish! This restaurant converted me from "normal" crust pizza to Chicago deep dish. Make sure you get the butter crust!Being a visitor to the Windy City, I had to try the infamous deep dish pizza! This place was recommended to us & based on the reviews, we decided to have lunch here. On a Thursday afternoon at 3pm, we were seated immediately. It takes 30-40 minutes for your pizza to come out, so we ordered ASAP upon sitting down. The 3 of us split a medium Chicago classic (sausage & tomatoes) & added mushrooms ($20 all together). When the mega pie appeared, our eyes lit up & we were ready to dog in after the long wait (it really built up some anticipation!). After my first bite, I wasn't sure how I felt about it. The crust was buttery & perfectly crunchy underneath all that pizza. There was a really thick layer of cheese, which was awesome, & a thick layer of sausage, topped off with slightly sweet chunky tomato sauce & mushrooms. After more & more bites, it really grew on me & by the end I really enjoyed it & was ready for my second slice! However, the pizza was so filling none of us could finish our second slices. So unless you have the option of taking home leftovers, order modestly because this pizza is heaver than your typical pizza! All in all, I think it was a great introduction to my deep dish pizza weekend. Affordable, tasty, & filling!Very impressed with Lou Malnati's 9 inch, crispy, thin crust, GLUTEN FREE pizza!! I ordered delivery to my hotel room on a recent stay and was very impressed!  This is my first venture into gluten free pizza but I figured if anyone can do it right, it's going to be Lou Malnati's.  Big fan!I should say first of all that I've been an Uno's girl from my youth.  That said, I prefer a denser crust and slightly more flavorful toppings.  If you prefer your Chicago style with a lighter, more buttery crust and lighter toppings (well, excpet for the cheese - this place loaded it on), Lou Malnati's is better for you.  For more flavor, go Uno's (the one downtown on Wabash, NOT! the crappy Uno's Chicago chain in the burbs and on the coast!!!)  Of course, if what you need is just a filling pizza then this works too.simply better than pizzeria due! one slice really does go a LONG way. it does take approx. 30 for the pizza to be made, so sit back and munch on some spinach stuffed cheese bread while you wait. there is no need for a meal before and after since it is quite fulfilling. they do have healthier options on the menu, but enjoy and try the pizza once! unlike the food, the service wasnt all too great. the only time our server  came by our table was to take our orders, bring our pizzas, and give us the check. we had to ask 2 different people for more water and for the extra peppers our initial server forgot. we had 2 separate orders of pizzas at our table and he boxed all the leftovers together. i know i sound nit picky and all, but it's common sense. ask first if the customer needs separate boxes!it gets crowded quick...so an early arrival is best.  it's a good place to bring the family and accomodates well for big parties. the bathroom is a bit tiny and only had one stall. also, it was in subpar conditions.The best Chicago style pizza!  It's deep dish but not TOO deep.  Maybe like, an inch?  I like that because it's not just filled with a bunch of sauce.  It's the perfect balance of sauce, cheese, and toppings.  The cheese is fresh tasting, stretchy, and delicious!  We went for a small with sausage, mushrooms and onions.  The sausage is not like normal pizza style sausage.  It's a real sausage that's been cut into slices.  It's juicy and perfect!  The crust is crispy but still chewy, not dry.  A small for two people with normal appetites is sufficient.  You won't be full but you will be satisfied.  It definitely made me feel less guilty about eating pizza.  We also started with some minestrone soup which was ok.  It had lots of veggies and the pasta was interesting.  It reminded me of those multicolored beads you place one by one on a board thing and then you iron them to melt them to create a design?  If you know what I'm talking about, it'll scream nostalgia, if you don't, then well, ignore my reference.It was a busy Friday evening so we ordered the pizza as soon as we got there.  We waited about 20 minutes for a table and then maybe 30 more for the pizza.  It felt like a pretty long wait but it was well worth it!  This will definitely be my go to deep dish pizza place!  The service was great (I think we had three different people tending to us) although it was kind of confusing cause we had a plain clothed guy asking us how everything was and at first we weren't sure if he was an employee.This is some pretty awesome deep dish pizza. I'm not from Chicago so I don't know how it compares to other places in the area but I thought it was great. I loved the flaky crust and the thick layer of cheese. The sausage was flavored well too. Just a good and filling slice of pizza, nothing more or less. If I am ever back in the city I will definitely come here.Deep dish pizza was well worth the wait.!!!Loved the crust. If they could combine their crust with Pequod's fresh toppings - omgosh. The wait can be long, but you can grab a drink and wait outside until they call you. They also allow you to order ahead of time so you don't have to wait too long for you food to come out once you are finally seated (takes about 30 minutes to make the pizza). We ordered the Malnati Chicago Classic - my family couldn't stop raving about it the entire trip (and we are NY, thin crust type of foodies!).Great deep dish pizza. We ate so much that I had to unbutton my pants just to walk outta this place. However, it did take a good 30 minutes for our pizza, and we ordered a simple peperoni and mushroom pie, not sure why it took soo long, but it was worth the wait.Be prepared to wait, but I have nothing but praise for the deep dish pizza served here.  Their memorabilia collection is impressive, from Ron Santo autographs to a signed red Indiana sweater from Bobby Knight.  I assure you that the General does not eat just any pizza, much less part with one of his sweaters for one.ever go some place and get the distinct feeling like the person helping you thinks you're a dick?  not that they think your name is "Dick", but more that they think you're a penis.  not an actual penis, but more like in the derogatory sense.  anyway, i didn't totally feel like that here.i got their chicken club salad.  it was okay.  i liked the bacon bits.  it was a pizza joint salad, but it tasted good.....i got my order to go, but they let me sit in the waiting area and eat part of the salad while i was waiting for my pie.  i'm a classy guy.i also got the Classic deep dish.  i don't know if i'm really a fan of having a solid disk of sausage as part of my pie.  kind of partial to pieces.....not a huge deal though.  the crust was buttery, which was nice.  i think it was a good pie, but maybe nothing i'd travel to Chicago for.  that was a joke, since i live in SF, and that normally isn't my criteria....you know, that i would have to want to fly 1,858 miles (i looked this up) to a restaurant for it to be worthy of my 4-star rating.  the cheese was a giant glob of, uhhhh, cheese, which is how it should be.solid place, but not anything senstational for me at least....i'm sure i'm not the only person that has made the connection that "Lou Malnati" and "illuminati" sound suspiciously similar....Let me just preface this by saying that I have never been a fan of deep-dish pizza. But since Lou Malnati's is supposed to be best in this city, I decided to maintain an open mind and give it a shot. The bf and I split the small 9 inch Chicago Classic (with tomatoes, cheese, meatball sausage on their famous Buttercrust) and added sauteed fresh garlic to the mix. After 35 whole minutes, as the waitress had warned, our pizza arrived hot in its own cast iron deep-dish pan. I have to say that I did enjoy the overall flavor of the pie, especially the sauce and sauteed garlic. The buttercrust was good too, if not a little greasy; I was grateful that the deep-dish here isn't actually too "deep" - not too heavy on the crust to filling ratio. What I didn't enjoy so much however, was the way that Lou Malnati's layers the different components of their pizzas. The cheese is layered in slices under the sauce, and the sausage was layered similarly, evenly across the bottom of the pan. The construction not only made each bite kind of boring after two bites, but the cheese also got quite gloopy and chewy as the pie got cold. Overall the pizza was just a total gut-bomb, not something I would want to have more than once. Chicago style deep-dish really doesn't constitute pizza to me, and I still would rather write it off as some sort of casserole/quiche/savory pie. Sorry Chicago, New York still reigns supreme in the world of great pizzas.Been here a few times. My favorite would be the classic chicago deep dish pizza. Plain awesome. If you are cheese lovers, they have plenty of cheese in this pizza. The caesar salad and calamari are also good, should order it for appetizer. Warning, the size is large (at least for me).Best deep dish in the city!  Recommend the "Lou" pizza, add pepperoni and ask for NO cheddar cheese.All I can say is.....HEAVEN.  It's funny cause i was just in the sf bay area and my girl took me to a "Chicago style" deep dish pizzeria.  Boys and girls can you say "yuck"!  As you can see I was dying to take my girl this past weekend to a REAL Chicago deep dish joint.  Lou's known for their buttery crust, delivered when we chomped down on the medium sausage deep dish.  Talk about bliss baby...this was the sh....t!  The medium is more than enuf for a couple unless ur Godzilla and king kong.  Oh, don't miss the Lou chopped salad, which Oaklanders would say that is was "hella" good.  Crisp romaine, topped with olives, tomatoes, bleu cheese, red onions a warm sweet vinaigrette and the ingredient that made it the bomb.....BACON BITS!!!  Enjoy the meal with your choice of libation and the night was pure Chicago bliss! Cheers!Took a trip to this location with some friends from out of town this past weekend, and I must say this is what deep dish is all about. We ordered two mediums (which is a lot of pizza for those not familar with Chicago style deep dish) . The signature "Lou" pizza with fresh spinach, mushrooms, tomatoes, and cheese sounded good but was actually a bit disappointing. Still, the restaurant deserves its five stars because of the pepperoni and sausage deep dish. Probably my favorite deep dish in the city (though Giordano's stuffed pie is my favorite pizza!). We went here on a Saturday night, and while we did have to wait, it wasn't for that long, and like most Chicago pizza joints, you're able to order while you wait. Highly recommended!without a doubt, my favorite chicago style deep dish pizza. i think its either the nice, greasy, buttery, and oily crust or the thick layer of juicy, fattening, spicy sausage they put on the pizza. either way, its effing delicious. whatever you do, you HAVE to order extra garlic on your pizza. it will be the best deep dish pizza you will ever have in your life.This place has very good pizza. My wife, daughter, and myself ordered the Chicago classic and it was delicious. The crust was so good and the sauce had chunks of tomatoes that really added to the flavor. My daughter is not a fan of sausage but she loved the sausages on the classic pizza. The place itself is not that roomy, but the atmosphere is classy for a pizza restaurant, I also loved the sports memorabilia that's on the walls. Even though the place is nice and the food is good, I have one complaint, it took forever to have our water refilled. I mean forever, I became extremely thirsty. But it was pretty busy, and the waitress was very nice, I loved her attitude. Besides the water complaint everything else was great.Lou Malnatis has a great personal pan deep dish pizza lunch special. From 11:00am - 2:00pm everyday you can go in and get a pizza, salad and pop all for under $8. I don't know where else you can get this much food for less than $10. Their pizza is always pretty good. If you want something good and fast check out Lou's for lunch!This is really only commenting on the Malnati Chicago Classic. I really like meat but this was way too much  for a pizza. Instead of doing crumbly sausage so you get some really cheesy bites,some meaty bites and some saucy bites---they layer the whole surface of the pizza with a huge sausage patty. It didn't work---it was overload and weirdly creepy---IMO. Crazy busy--other dishes were fine but I am obviously clueless to the hype.Our pizza was cold, but it was good. It smelled a little funny, but great atmosphere and great service.Love Lou's, Love this location second only to the original in Lincolnwood, Very good butter crust deep dish, I will however agree with others that prefer dining in versus delivery, It's hit-or-miss.1st time here....live out of state but born in Chicago...this pizza is outstanding!  Best deep dish I have had and that is only after 2 pieces.  Great stuff....go and be happy!The best deep dish pizza in town!!!!Much better first time around 3 years ago, but still good this time nonetheless - probably loss of quality with delivery.  Got malnati chicago classic.Best pizza I've ever had. I was in heaven. It melted in my mouth, all of the flavors were strong. The crust was buttery and I could feel myself gaining weight but it was so good I didn't care. We also had the calamari which was amazing. The service was only ok and that's why I took off 1 star. I know deep dish takes awhile to make but all the tables around us including a few seated after us got theirs before us (they had different waiters) so maybe it was just the one waiter and the food was good enough to make us for it. If they can get their service up to par this would be a 5 star place.Absolutely disgusting. Blah!! Man, was I disappointed in this place. A co-worker convinced me that Lou's was truly the best Chicago pizza - "way better than Giordano's" he said - so I finally decided to try it. Yuck!!!! I ordered a personal size "Lou" (tomatoes, mushroom, spinach, cheeses) for carryout tonight and I had to throw the second half away. The problems:1) the crust was SOGGY!!!! Who's ever heard of a soggy crust Chicago pizza?? I'll even try to give them the excuse that since it was for take out, maybe the box made the crust soggy (yeah, right..but hey. I'm trying to give them the benefit of the doubt). Really gross..2) No flavor - there was absolutely no flavor to this pizza except for weird flavor of the mushrooms (I love mushrooms, but only like a certain type on my pizza. They don't use the button-type that I like. The ones they use are way to strong and the only flavor you taste)3) there was no sauce - maybe I didn't read the menu properly but I swear this pizza had no sauce on it. I hope they didn't think the flavorless tomatoes on top made up for it.Overall, I now have to put Lou's as the worst Chicago pizza I've ever had. Uno's held that title for me before (man, was i disappointed when i went to the original Unos, super excited for their pizza. Another bland experience - but at least the crust wasn't soggy).As a native Chicagoan, I've got to say that Giordano's is still my favorite deep-dish pizza- their spinach pizza and the veggie supreme pizza can't be beat!  - I also like Gino's.  Granted, I've never had anyone's meat pizza so i can't judge those, but Lou's is the biggest loser for me thus far.Yuck! (My stomach will be regretting my choice to try it all night)One of the musts when in Chicago is to have a traditional deep dish pizza. We asked around to everyone we met and they all recommended Lou Malnati's Pizzeria for real deep dish. We weren't disappointed, we ordered the "Malnati Chicago Classic" and it was simply delicious and I couldn't get enough of it. A must when you're visiting Chicago... My gut thanks god I don't live near one.They do have a gluten-free pizza option, but it's NOT a normal crust! Instead, they use a big, flat disc of sausage instead of a bread crust. It's something unusual, and I'm glad I tried it, but keep in mind, if you order it, that's it's not "pizza" so much as "sausage patty with cheese and tomato sauce".When headed for Chi- town, I researched a little to find best classic deep dish. I prefer thin crust NY style in general but wanted the Chicago experience. My research narrowed down my options to three locations. Upon my arrival, I started asking cabbies, tour guides and others for their opinion on the three. This place was mentioned most often and was the closest to my hotel. The service was friendly and prompt, the food tasty, the atmosphere felt like a neighborhood hangout I would go to at home, and the overall experience was satisfying. I still prefer thin crust but gave to admit the Chicago Classic deep dish was pretty good and I would definitely go back to try their thin crust.After visiting "The Bean" in Millenium Park we worked up an appetite for some Chicago style pizza.  We thought what better then Lou Malnati's Pizzeria.  Lou's boasts over a 1000 reviews as I add mine, with a solid 4 out of 5 stars.  We arrived about 15 minutes early grabbing a rare parking spot right in front of the iconic red awning.  The staff couldn't have started out any better with this foodie then they did, opening the doors 15 minutes early on a cool spring day on the streets of Chicago.  The staff was super friendly and seemed surprised when I told them I was ready to order before even glancing at the menu.  We started with an order of the Calamari Fritta.  Well seasoned, perfectly fried squid served with extra lemons & a tangy red sauce.  We didn't have to wait as long as you might for some other Chicago style pizzas, because the server was dishing up some pie before you knew it.   The pizza was absolutely amazing.  A thick , buttery crusted pie oozing with cheese ( I mean oozing, the cheese stretched as far as my son could stretch his little 8 year old arms).  But what really made the pie was the layer of their house made sausage.  The sausage was a combination of pork and beef, made in house and was the highlight of this visit if you ask me.  The sauce was very simple, crushed tomatoes with a pinch of salt & sugar.  We really enjoyed our visit & I would have to plan a return visit on road trip passing through Chicago for sure.  We had some pizza left over and I don't think it made it half way to St. Louis.  It smelled the car up something good, and if you would have been in the car you would have seen a little drool drip down the corner of my lip when the carry out container was cracked open.  I have eaten at several Chicago Pizzeria's & I would have to say Lou's is high up on my list.  A must try if in Chicago!!Tasty!So we all know the pizza is pretty good, but may I also reccommend the breaded mushrooms with ranch dip?  Delicious! When I ate there on a friday night, the host told us the wait would be an hour to two hours.  TIP: Stick it out! After sitting at the bar for only about 25 minutes while eating an appetizer, they were ready to sit our party of 2.  Fun atmosphere!My son was craving pizza so we searched high and low for a good pizza place. This location had good reviews and it was open.  We were seated immediately, but it took 20 mins before our server came and took our order.The place was dead and her section was empty with the exception of the table behind us who were waiting for their check since before we were seated.  The busser was very friendly and so was the host.  The pizza was good.We ordered a kids cheese pizza and a Deep dish pizza.  I understand that a deep dish or stuffed crust pizza make take 30-40 minutes to cook, but a small cheese pizza takes just as long?  Luckily my son liked the calamari we ordered for the appetizer even though it was over cooked and very chewy. The server was friendly when she was around but she was rarely around.  I tried to get her attention for 15 mins for the check.  First we sat there with the pizza pushed away from us and plates stacked, looking at her standing in the soda station.  She didn't even turn her head our way.  They Seated another person in the section and she went right to them.  We raised our hand and said excuse me several times and she walked right past us. The deep dish is great, but if you want to eat there, I say no, get it to-go.Very busy Friday night. The wait was shorter than they estimated and they smartly let you place your pizza order in advance. The bartenders were very friendly and gave us advice on where to visit in the city. Our server was less personable and never refilled our waters. The preorder process meant the wait for our food was very short and I was thankful for that considering the smell in the building was to die for! The pizza was good, but I've had better Chicago deep dish. Overall I'd say it's a worthwhile destination for a group of visitors or Chicago newcomers.When visiting the pizza capital of the world a few weeks ago I was pleasantly surprised to eat the finest pizza of my life.  We had the Lou's famous pizza... sausage  , deep dish style.   It was so good... not talked about as much as Giordano's or some of the others... but absolutely the BEST.  Thank you.I personally think that Lou's has THE BEST deep dish pizza, seriously, no joke, it rocks!! The only problem with the place is that the service is not so good. Dine out, great!! Dine in is just okay. Great deep dish, cannot vouch for thin crust. Yum, now I am hungry.Lou's butter crust is reason enough to try this place.  Thick or thin, you can't go wrong here.  I have had both, and both are excellent.  If it is your first time here, the wait staff are helpful in steering you towards your perfect pie.I'll preface and say I got this for delivery...It came, it was good, but it wasn't amazing...I made my own. I put pepperoni, sausage, onion and basil. The sausage wasn't the best quality and  was not cut up. I'll try another place next time...Not bad, just didn't live up to the hype.I am 100% with Lauren H. on this one.  Personally, I don't see the fascination.  I'm not fond of the pizza and the pasta I had at the Naperville location was terrible.  Pizza is like sex, when it's good it's great - when it's bad, it's still kinda good.  That's the only reason for my second star.ohmygodi died and went to pizza heaven this evening.  i was a Giordanos fan but i have now been converted.simply wonderful, i love you Lou.Swoon! My absolute FAVORITE Chicago deep-dish pizza. From the crust to the sauce, we are talking sheer perfection. The lunch special can't be beat - a personal pizza, soup or salad, and a big soft drink for around 6 bucks. Lunch in River North for 6 bucks? Who knew it could be Lou? And you're in and out with time to spare... and you'll need it to waddle back to the office with a full belly.they say, "when in rome, do as the romans do."  likewise, when in chicago, deep dish pizza is a must.  came here for lunch and got the express lunch special.  $7.95 for salad, 6" cheese and sausage, and a drink.  definitely can't go wrong with that price.  however, my friends decided to order customized pizzas, so theres took 45min to cook.  could only finish half of my pizza, crust was not as buttery as i would have imagined.  the sausage was bland, but it was basically it's own layer in the deep dish, so you couldn't get a bite without it.also, the waitress dropped someone's tomato/cheesy knife on my friends head while busing plates from another table.  thankfully, my friend kept consciousness, but her hair definitely needed a wash after that.  they did comp her meal though, which was greatly appreciated after the unpleasant experience.thanks lou's, for helping me to realize that new york thin crust pizza is much better than that of chicago.  you heard it hear, folks.OMG, so GOOD. Got the Malnati's classic deep dish, and it was huge! It really did satisfy my taste buds and hit the spot. Best pizza in Chicago.Being a tourist in Chicago, your trip isn't complete without trying some deep-dish pizza - so, with that thought in mind, my Hubs and I walked over to Lou Malnatti's.  It was around 2pm, and the place was packed.  We were seated right away, and ordered the Manati Chicago Classic.  We were told that it would take 30 minutes for the pizza.After about 15 minutes, I was wishing we ordered an appetizer to quell the building hunger as we watched (and smelled) the pizzas being served to the tables around us.But I was so glad that we didn't once the pie was set on our table.I was imagining "deep-dish" would be thick, doughy crust with a bit of toppings, but I couldn't have been more wrong.  The crust, itself, was a decent (not too thick) thickness and super crispy that easily held up to the toppings - not chewy or doughy at all.  There was a good amount of cheese and topping, but I would have been pleased eating just the crispy, buttery crust (and I am a die-heard thin crust pizza lover).  A small pizza was more than enough to fill up the Hubs and I, and it was definitely worth the wait.I'd give 3.5 stars if I could.  I was told this is the place to go for the real deal deep dish pizza.  We had the Lou Malnati Salad and the Lou's Pizza with the spinach mix.  WE loved the salad.  We also loved the pizza when it first hit the table and for the first slice or so, but then it kind of loses its luster as you plow through it.  It fills you up fast and if you don't stop as you soon as you feel it, you will get over-stuffed!  To me it's a good novelty meal for once or twice a year.  Kind of greasy crust with a huge amount of mixed cheeses. Go there really hungry and keep water next to your bed that night!Chicago deep dish pizza...what can i say it's a bit heavy. I wish this place had more variety come pare to geno's east which is a few blocks.Best Double-D's in Chicago, that's Deep Dish pizza people!  It was a relaxed sportsbar with old-school Italian atmosphere.  I really liked it more than expected so we ate here twice on our 10 day stay.I know it's up for debate as to who has the best Chicago deep dish, but my vote goes to Lou Malnati's.  Gino's East doesn't even come close.  I love Lou's so much that I have their pizza shipped to me on the left coast.  This river north location is sort of small, I prefer the northern suburb location - I forget which burb...but it had a large dining area, great ambiance, and baseball memorabilia.  I wish I could remember which location.  Anyways, every time I meet someone from Chicago, I have to launch into a full blown discussion about Lou Malnati's.I guess my expectations were too high. Next paragraph is a rant about the hostess*********************Hostess was a B*tch.  Everyone else was REALLY nice and attentive (Host taking seat numbers, bus boy, waitress, even other hostess).  We see other guest waiting for their table, ordering ahead of time since all deep dish pizzas take awhile.  We went up and order and the host was very direct.  Thinking that we should place the whole order, we order a Appetizer.  She states: "At the table."I say: "Excuse me?"Hostess: "At the table. Everything else is ordered at the table."I was thinking "My bad..." I hate it when I do not know the normal routine at a restaurant."When our table was ready she yelled out the front door for my name. The remote buzzer never rang so we were a bit confused. we all walk over and ask but she was long gone.  She had walked all the way to the back and when we look down the room at her, she just waves us in and points to a side room and walks away.  I give the remote to the other hostess and she says "Do you still need a table?"  I just tell her that I think we just got one, but the remote never buzzed.When we were seated (or actually, found a empty table and SAT DOWN), we see the hostess's shift was over so I guess she had a hard day.  Either way, still a B*tch.PIZZA **************************************************­*********Pizza was mediocre.  We got the Classic and also the Lou DEEP DISH.  The Classic (Sausage) was much better.  Also had wings which were good but nothing great.  It comes with Ranch but I asked for Blue Cheese which the waitress was happy to bring out. We had a good conversation with her as well.  They also periodically stop by to cut and give you the next slice of pizza.Cliffs:Price                9/10Pizza                7/10Waitress         10/10Hostess          B*tchLou Malnatis was a great deep dish pizza place. We had to wait about 30 minutes but we could pre order our pizza so it only took about 10 minutes to come out by the time we sat down. The ambiance was very quaint/sports bar, and the service was also very good.See my review for Giordano's.  Lou Malnati's was just as good.  Perhaps a little more of a sloppy pie, but the buttery crust was chronic.  Do try.Of the deep dish joints, this one was by far the best.  Especially for breakfast the next morning.I found out about this place from a co-worker and Food Network. If you plan on ordering from the website, I recommend starting out with the Tastes of Chicago sampler. Well worth the $$ and you will get your order within a couple of days via UPS. Enjoy!!5 words: Best Chicago deep dish pizza.Lou Malnati's is great!  The few times, I've had it I've never been disappointed! I would recommend it over Giordanos...Chicago's Finest, the second city is first in Pizza! For a real pie of a pizza you don't go anywhere but Chicago I love the waiting game in Chicago once seated your pizza always takes 30 minutes atleast to arrive (and damn rightfully so if it's authentic)  You watch as Pizzas go by and your stomach starts grumbling, you wish you would have ordered an appetizer and gnaw on your straw, fingernails the table... Then the moment arrives and you are in Pizza bliss (you don't get this feeling in NYC and I've been everywhere to be had there my friends)You think to yourself an Asian girlfriend is not the ideal partner to knock one of these out and she puts you to shame!  The Pizza's crust is unique and perfect in that Chicago way Flaky and buttery! YUM! The CHEESE! I call it stretch armstrong cheese because you can almost bungee jump with it.  It's wonderful, I love it!  The tomatoes and sauce are great as well I'm not a chunky tomato person  The student beats the teacher 5 stars to 4 stars my friends.  The calamari sucked, but I will not hold that against you Lou! I always say when in Rome.  The only way to work off the huge calorie intake that is a chicago style pizza and enjoy is it (well you know!) Chicago locals as an FYI we outside of your fine city have been poisoned with what is marketed as Chicago style pizza from something claiming to be Pizzeria Uno and after eating at the original one I am very confused ... did somebody steal the name?  Because the Pizza there is really good unlike the crap I get here in Virginia and assume the rest of our readers are accustomed to.Agree with other reviews about service issues but this did not roll over into the kitchen in my opinion and solely base this on the Pizza.Hands down the best pizza in Chicago.Pizza is pizza. This place doesn't stick out.For a deep dish the pizza is too thin here. It's good for a big chain but there are better local places.Eh.  Just ok. Loooong. Wait. Make reservations.I count this as my first Yelp failure.  Based on hundreds of positive reviews raving about Chicago's best deep dish pizza at Lou Malnati's, my family and I waited over an hour for a mediocre pizza. The sauce was watery and bland, the crust unremarkable. We'd had better pizza down south on the campus of University of Illinois at Champaign-Urbana.     The tables were crowded, the service was okay and the sports memorabilia was interesting.  The Caesar salad was huge and swimming in dressing that needed more of a bite. On future visits to Chicago we'll be giving this a pass.This pizza is like a birthday cake with catchup on it.i would call my self the pizza  connoisseur. i don't know what the big hype is about this place.  i thought the pizza was very bland and kind of burnt.  the pizza was hard to cut, i needed like a steak knife or something to break it apart.  if you want delicious deep dish...giordanos is 100 times better!Great pizza (classic deep dish is the usual for me), great service (as busy as it is at this location, giving free slices for the people during the wait is a great touch) and a great overall vibe makes this one of the best places to go to with a bunch of friends or on a date or even when showing someone from out of town!This has to be one of the most disgusting pizzas i've ever eaten.   There is something wrong with the sauce, it tastes almost stale...The crust is soggy and sponge likeEven their salads taste awful.i remember eating at Lou's 7-8 years back and it was good.  but now it just tastes awful.   How anyone can give this crap more than 1 stars is beyond me.I was told by a Chicagoan that this was one of their more commericial pizza chains, and I figured having over 300 good reviews, how could you go wrong? I ordered the cheezy bread loaf and a deep dish chicago style pizza. Straight forward and simple. BOTH came to us semi cold and the crust on the pizza was undercooked. It was as if when they were done baking them in the oven, they let it sit out for pick up and no one grabbed it for a while. Pizza should be piping hot, oozing with cheese! You could still taste the grainy squishy dough underneath. Our hostess was really attentive and friendly, so that was a plus. Not a good deep dish experience.was craving for pizza and wanted to give another pizza restaurant a try besides the usual Pequads i always go to..  came across Lou Malnati's Pizzeria since i saw a lot of reviews and high rating.. came here on a weekday night and it was pretty packed and had to wait 10 mins before being seated..  we ordered calamari fritta, buffalou wings, and the combination platter(mozzarella sticks, cheddar cubes, breaded zucchini and mushrooms) as our appetizers.. i liked the calamari, its crispy on the outside and its not too chewy... skip the bufflou wings and the combination platter.. i had fast food joints make wings and mozzarella sticks better then them..we ordered the Malnati Chicago Classic (blend of lean sausage, some extra cheese, and tomato sauce on their butter crust) and we ordered a sausage pizza and added mushrooms, onions, green peppers, garlic, and hot giardiniera.. both were really good and flavorfull! the butter crust on the malnati made the crust more enjoyable to eat.. they also didn't cheap out on the amount of ingredients that they put on the pizza either..i enjoyed the pizza quality here and wouldn't mind coming back here at all! however i still like Pequads more but Lou Malnati's Pizzeria is not far behind!Just ok. Gino's East is way better. Lou's was decent. Good service. Edible pizza but nothing to remember. Other deep dish places do way better with cheese free pies. Atmosphere felt like a TGIFridays. Liked the location though.This place has some of the best deep dish pizza around. The dining room features sports memorabilia on the walls, including a home plate from the old Comiskey Park. They even have a low-carb pizza with a large thin layer of sausage acting as the base of the entire pie, but the regular sausage chunks taste much better.On a recent bachelor party trip, I was waiting and anticipating Chicago deep dish pizza.  We must have picked the wrong place.  It wasn't filling in terms of ingredients but also I wasn't full at all.  Zachary's from the SF Bay Area is better and it's not even in Chicago.  I am thinking we picked the wrong place.  Seems like touristy as wellI came her with a girlfriend of mine. We ordered some bread appetizer that I didn't really care for. The pizza was good though. We ordered The "Lou" which is fresh spinach, mushrooms and sliced tomatoes covered with a blend of mozzarella, romano and cheddar cheese. Oh my god! The veggies on it were so fresh and I can taste that.My friends and family rave about this place as much as many other people do from looking at the postings....so I can't knock it too harshly.  I've been to a number of their locations throughout Chicago.  The place just doesn't do it for me.  I think the crushed tomatoes make the pizza soupy and the Italian sausage is a little weird tasting for me.  Oh...not a big fan of the crust either.  Ends up getting soggy from the extra water from the tomatoes.This place is only ok. Definitely way over hyped. Their stuff pizza was only ok. I think Giordano's has better stuffed pizza.Quite possibly the best deep dish pizza I've eaten.  While it was deep dish, the crust was not whole and solid.  It was perfect.  The tomato sauce with chunks of tomato that you can taste.  We asked what would be a good portion, here I am thinking that a medium would be good for 2 people, but we managed to get full on 1 small and an appetizer.  As recommender by our waiter.After trying all the famous places in Chicago, I still think this is one of the best. The crust is just right with fresh ingredients, after this one cannot go back to fast food pizza.Very good pizza and cheese breadsticksSalad was great. Loved the salad. Pizza was ok. Outdoor seating was nice until the sun moved so I got burned. Service was good but if you're going to go there to order pizza, it'll take 30-40 mins to get your pizza (doesn't matter if you get a small large) and it'll take longer than that if you go during a meal rush. Street paid parking is available but limited. Pricing was decent. I shared a medium sized pizza with 3 other people (one wasn't really hungry) with leftovers and it cost about 20 bucks for it.Very friendly waiter.  Food is ok.  Thin crust has a crust that's 1/4" thick.  That's NOT thin.  The sauce in my spaghetti w/ meat sauce is sweet.  Yuck.The pizza was good but I still give a slight edge to Gino's East.  The original deep dish was filled with hamburger sized portions of sausage on each slice which was a little overwhelming.  The Lou was definitely an interesting combo of veggies and cheese but there was too much going on to taste the actual pizza.  Veggies and clumps of cheese were sliding off everywhere!  I did enjoy crust of these pies which were crisp and less buttery than Gino's.  The place was small and there was no wait unlike some of the larger chains but I still felt cramped by the amount of people in the dining area.  The size of this place reminds you of a local neighborhood gem but for me there is just a little something missing that I got at some other spots.This was our favorite pizza while in Chicago. The crust was crunchy on the outside and chewy on the inside. The sauce was very chunky and seemed to be very fresh. As we put our name on the waiting list, we were able to place an order for our pizza so that we wouldn't have to wait as long. Their chicken sandwich was yummy and the side of fruit was very fresh. This place did not disappoint at all!Rating based on carry-out. I live in NYC and thought that NYC would always be better than Chicago-style, a belief I still hold. Although I'm not a fan of waiting so long for a pizza, I have to say Lou's was good - even as carry-out. I used a fork and knife to eat it though because it was a bit hard to hold for me. The "Lou" and "Malnati Original" were both pretty good. After two slices, the chicago deep-dish was a bit heavy and it became hard for me to eat more.Was told this pizza is as good as Gino's East deep dish. Not so. Mind you it's not as greasy and overall it's pretty good, but it's no Gino's. Next time I'm in Chi-town, I won't fall for this again.I always love going to Lou's. The deep dish is one of the best in the Chicago land area. I'd never gotten an appetizer from here until last time. I got the spinach bread and it was definitely worth a try. It is very good! Service here is friendly and attentive.So, the biggest dilemma during my Chicago trip was....which pizza is best?! Asking my friends (2 of whom live there, and a couple of whom have visited in the last year) I was getting differing opinions.I had already tried Giordano's, wasn't too impressed. So we decided to go to Lou Malnati's. We ordered take-out because the place was PACKED!! I ordered a small deep dish with italian sausage and pepperoni. Apparently, the italian sausage is most popular, and really could see why. The size small is 9 inches, was enough to feed 3 girls, and came out to be $13.50. REALLY!? $13.50?! soo cheap!!! i was seriously shocked at how much quality and taste was in the pizza for such a price! But first, the restaurant: We took the brown line to merchandise mart and the restaurant was only a few blocks away. very convenient!! The place, as I've said, was packed! There were people outside, and as soon as we opened the door, it was hard to get in because people were waiting.  the restaurant interior is warm, brightly lit with orangey lights, tables pretty close together but not in a bad way bc it gave off a very homey feel. The employees (the one who directed me to the restroom and the one that helped me at the counter) were all very nice, easy going, and friendly. Back to the pizza: SOOOO yum!! the crust was crispy,  cheese was enough to be delicious, but not overpowering and not too much. the italian sausage!! the seriously, lined the entire pie with the italian sausage. as you can see from my picture, the entire pie is lined with a sheet of sausage so that you get a heavy dose of sausage in every bite. that was different from giordano's, whose pizza my friends and I exclaimed "wait..wheres the sausage!!?". The saltiness of the pepperoni was perfectly balanced against the juiciness of the fresh tomatoes that filled the top of the pie. When we opened the pie, it was juicy due to the fresh tomatoes, so be careful if you're taking it long distances. (Quick tip: we took it to the portillo's a few blocks away and ate it before we ate their hot dogs and italian beef sandwiches. Sorry portillo's, :P, we know we broke your rules, but 3 hungry girls in a big city CANNOT be expected to wait until we get to our hotel room before we dive into the food :P) all in all, my favorite meal in Chicago. best pizza I've ever tasted. juicy, fresh, crispy, savory, yummy, delicious.Lou Malnati's, can you please come to California?!I was so excited to run to Lou Malnati's for my 1st Chicago Pizza experience in Chicago! First of all the wait for pizza was over an hour and when it came it had zero tomato sauce on it so we had to wait another half an hour for them to heat up tomato sauce for us. The crust was kinda hard and not buttery like I like it. On the up side the ingredients did taste fresh. It was a very sad experience, so we went in search for a better one..I was recommend this place by the waitress at Snicker's.  good call.  Not knowing what I was expecting.  Very clean and nice looking pizzeria. First real Chicago deep dish, like what I've seen on TV.  Very delicious and recommand over any other type of pizza.  I always knew I was going to love chicago style over NY, etc. If you're trying to watch what you eat, lol, well this place isn't for you, this is a hearty place to eat, monster slices of deep dish pizza. They do offer a thin crust pizza but event this a monster.45 minute wait well worth it. The pizza here is amazing. The crust is buttery, the sauce is perfect, the sausage is delicious, the cheese is great, and that's all you need. deep dish pizza at its best!When we first arrived at Lou's we decided to get the small Chicago classic pizza but the waiter said it would take 45 mins and recommended the pizza lunch which they could "bring right out" so we went with that because we had a Cubs game to get to. The lunch came with salad - we got the house dressing which was SO good. However 30 mins later we were wishing we would have gotten the classic afterall considering the wait. The pizza ended up being average. There seemed to be something off, I think the crust was undercooked because I could taste the yeast. Overall, I would go back for the salad but probably not the pizza.As a New Yorker, I am not fond of Chicago pizza, but I really enjoyed "the Lou."  I had the individual, and it was actually quite light - no heavy-brick-in-my-belly-feeling that has me missing my NY slices! "The Lou" has the following toppings: fresh spinach, mushrooms, and sliced tomatoes covered with a blend of mozzarella, romano and cheddar cheese. The very best part, though, was "Malnati's World Famous Buttercrust" - delicious, very light and airy, almost like pastry or Cornish pasty crust. A great place for a girls' night out- be prepared for a long wait, though.mehhh. This pizza tasted good, but it was definitely not worth the wait. It took us over an hour to get seated and after that, it took almost another hour for our pizza to come out (this was AFTER we had put in our order when we had first walked into the restaurant). After all of that wait, I expected to bite into the best pizza I've ever eaten in my life. Let's just say the pizza definitely did not meet those expectations.It is my favorite deep dish pizza but you have to get their sausage if you love sausage because they will give you a wonderful helping of it. It is basically a dish of meat. I love love their crust, it is not to much or doughy and there is just the best crisp to it.We came here to try Chicago's famous deep dish pizza and had a great experience. We came on a Thursday night without reservations and were seated right away. The restaurant has a homey feel to it and there are several different rooms. Jose, our server, warned us that the pizzas take about 40 minutes to cook so we ordered the Malnati salad to hold us over until the pizzas were ready. It was the best salad ever! It comes with tomatoes, mushrooms, olives, salami, and cheese and tossed with their special dressing. I couldn't eat some of the things in the salad so they brought it out on the side and the salad was still delicious without the salami and cheese. We ordered two individual pizzas - the "Malnati Chicago Classic" with all sorts of meats and the "Lou" which is a vegetarian pizza. The Malnati classic was very good and flavorful and the crust was slightly crispy. The Lou was plainer and the crust was kind of soft. We liked the Malnati more. The individual pizzas are 6" so it doesn't look that big but it is very filling! We were celebrating a birthday so Jose brought us a complimentary slice of Chicago cheesecake from Eli's World. It was soo good. Great service, great food...a great stop in Chicago!Walking distance from downtown hotels. Short wait of 35 min due to weekend late night rush, with free samples of thin crust pizza. The option to pre-order pizza was amazing. Table of two seated promptly. The pizza smelled and tasted amazing. The Lou comes with classic buttercrust, and it was cooked to perfection. Restaurant has sports and Chicago memorabilia. Lovely dinner.I've tried the big three and I'll say that I like Gino's east the best.  This is the oldest Chicago location, and it lacks history.  The Gino's east location up the street has a great old school vibe.  The service was solid considering its a pizza wait.  The pizza itself is tasty, but in my opinion it lacks the flavor punch.  We ordered the sausage and added spinach, shrooms, and sliced tomatoes since you cant add anything to the "Lou".  Worth a try.If Chicago style pizza is your thing, then Lou Malnati's is the way to go. The buttercrust is flaky and the filling is bountiful with enough cheese to make you run on a treadmill for 3 weeks straight! I don't care for deep dish honestly; I used to but I can't eat them anymore. But I absolutely love their thin crust and I felt that there's a better balance between the filling and the crust and it highlights the crust a little more. The service at this location is also friendly and I would definitely come back.Came here on a wednesday afternoon to try some Chicago pizza. I was not disappointed as I had the classic and the Lou. Both were fantastic and the drinks there decent. The service was fast and friendly and I got to engage in good conversation about pizza with the locals and explained why NYC pizza is better, however I was met with resistance and bias. This is the great thing about Chicago, the people love their city and it truly shows. The prices were decent and the location fantasticfor my first time having deep dish it was great, but then compared to the places I went to after it was okay definitely try a more divey place in chicago rather than one hyped by yelpThe pizza didn't live up to the hype that it was getting. Pizza was a little harder than I had hoped for and less cheese.  The deep dish chocolate chip cookie was amazing though!I love the pizza.  My girlfriend took me here for the first time when we were in Chicago.   It was also my first time having Chicago-style deep dish.  The pizza that claims to be Chicago-style deep dish in California simply doesn't compare to Lou's.  After having it, its my absolute favorite pizza.  Many of the pizza places I have had here in California were heavy and very greasy.  The pizza at Lou's, at least to me, was not heavy and greasy.  This place was packed.  I have been told its ALWAYS packed.  When you arrive, its best to check in, and then order your pizza.  The pizza's take about 30 minutes to make, so its best to order them before you are seated, otherwise you end up waiting a long time at your table.  I am sure this would be especially true on days when its extra busy.  We were finally seated on the second level.  We ordered the Malnati salad..its fantastic and I highly recommend it.  Its a green salad with dried salami chunks and a super tasty vinaigrette.  If you are into salads and like salami, this is something you will definitely need to try.  This isn't your typical salami salad..its a must try!Finally our deep dish arrived.  We ordered the small personal pizzas, however next time we would simply order a small or medium pizza.  After having the larger deep dish a couple of nights later, it does taste different than the personal pizza size for some odd reason.  Not sure why, but we found this to be the case.  We ordered the Malnati Chicago classic and the cheese deep dish.  Both were awesome.  A couple of things that I noticed about the Malnati Chicago Classic, which was my favorite!  They make the pizza on their famous buttercrust...its fantastic.  The sauce that they use on their pizzas is awesome as well.  Not too sweat, and they don't flood the pizza with sauce.  This has always been one of my complaints with many other pizza places.  They actually put on the toppings before the sauce, so the crust stays nice and crispy.  The sausage had a mild seasoning on it, but just enough to add good flavor to the pizza, however its not overpowering.  We ran into an issue with the cookie pizza we ordered after dinner, and we had to wait over 30 minutes, but they finally brought it out to us, comped us for it, and apologized profusely.  It was such a minor mistake, that things like this happen.  The staff was super friendly here, and I would visit this particular location in the future again!  If you haven't had Lou Malnati's pizza...you have to try them.  Its amazing.Ok this place is GOOD, it's really good!  However, to contribute to the never ending debate in Chicago as to who as the best pizza I'm going to stick to Giordano's.  You can't really go wrong with either.  But at Lou Malnati's I felt the "butter crust" they are famous for was a little too thin.  I like a deeper crust with more toppings.  Give both a shot and decide what your preference is, this place is still TASTY as hell!Mmmm... buttercrust. That's really all there is to say that hasn't already been said. It's Chicago-style pizza. It's better than Pizzeria Uno/Due. My boyfriend and I disagree on where it falls in regards to Gino's and Giordano's, but it's somewhere up there. And, like I said before... mmmm, buttercrust.I love Lou Malnati's in general, but this location in particular is fantastic.  Every time I've been here, the pizza has been perfect.  The only drawbacks are the long lines and packs of tourists, but I also am happy to see out-of-towners get to appreciate the best we have to offer!  The crust is phenomenal, the cheese is amazing, and the tomatoes add the perfect tang to the combination.  This is a favorite for me and my boyfriend.  We always fight over the leftovers!My friend was on her way out of town this past Monday and couldn't leave without having some deep-dish.  I'm a huge fan of Lou Malnati's and normally just get take out from their Wicker Park location.  We hit up the Bean, and the closest Lou Malnati's was in River North, so we headed up a few blocks.  At one o'clock on a Monday, you can breeze right in without any sort of wait.  We sat down and ordered right away--a Lou, one half sans mushrooms and a house salad.  We were told the pizza would take about 35-40 minutes, which is pretty standard.  Our salad came out immediately, and even though we didn't ask, our server split it on two plates, which I thought was great.  Thirty-five, forty, fifty minutes pass, and still no pizza in sight.  The table next to us ordered after us and received their pizza, which was also a Lou.  About ten minutes later, the manager comes over to tell us our pizza order had some problems. She said it was made wrong with mushrooms on the whole thing.  My friend and I were starving at this point, so we said just bring it on out.  The manager comped the whole pizza due to mix up.  While it sucks to have to wait extra long, and I'm pretty sure that other table had our pizza, they definitely made up for it by not charging us for the pizza.  And, boy, was that pizza delicious!Ehhhhhhhhhhhhh ... Malnati's pizza is all right. It's not going to change your thoughts on God, though.I got back from Chicago 3 days ago, and my mouth is literally watering every time someone mentions pizza. I would really like some Lou Malnati's pizza right now in fact. The lunch deal is awesome--a small pizza, soup or salad, and more soda than you could ever want for $7.denfintely not even close to the best deep dish pizza in chicago.  the crust was too doughy and the sauce seemed like it was from a jar.  we ordered a sampler appetizer platter where everything was basically deep fried in the same batter.  friendly service and ambiance were the only two reasons for the two starsYum, yum, yum! I usually prefer thin crust pizza over deep dish, but this was SO good!! We arrived around 7:45pm on a Friday night and were seated within 30 minutes. Pizza came out shortly after that (be sure to pre-order while you wait!) and it was steaming hot and smelled oh SO good. We ordered a large for 3 people (I know - we were hungry) plus a calamari appetizer. Calamari was okay - you could definitely taste that it was fresh, but it wasn't anything too amazing. The pizza is definitely the star here (as it should be). Everything about it was delicious and the 2 pieces we took home were equally as good the next day. I've also been to Giordano's, but Lou Malnati's is way better.I'm a New Yorker. But I love deep dish pizza. Lou Malnati's is awesome. Crispy, fresh, delicious, and filling. I'll leave it at that. To my New York peers, you gotta try this place. As for best pizza in Chicago, I'll leave that debate to the locals.Great pizza... but personally I think it's overrated. It takes 30 mins to make a pizza, so order an app while you wait. Their salad dressing is very good. I loved my spinach basil anchovy thin crust pizza. That's because I don't eat red meat or pork. So the special didn't do it for me. Anyway, my pizza was delicious. Just don't think it's worth all the hype. Be prepared for the wait.After one slice of Lou's, I convinced myself that I need to move to this city. Being a Californian with all our vegan/hipster/gluten free/ extremely health conscious thin crust pizza I had no idea what was waiting for me at Lou's. Can't wait to go back and dive into the best deep dish pizza ever. If you're visiting the city, I'd call in the order and if there's only two of you get the small. The medium was just too big for us.Pizza didn't blow me away, but that's coming from someone who prefers New York slices. The pizza chips and hummus appetizer was a 5/5.  Made the meal.Their low carb pizza is perfect for those meat-eaters or those on low carb diets!  It's basically pizza with a sausage based crust and you fill it up with your favorite vegies!With much hype and anticipation, I had to try Lou Malnati's when I visited Chicago. Sorry to say... I was sadly disappointed. Words of the buttered crust wasn't true and the pizza was practically bland. I really wanted to like this place, with its awesome location and outdoor seating, but I just can't. Honestly, I've had better Chicago style pizza in California. :(My husband and I enjoyed the pizza, but we wish it had a little bit more cheese to it.  The place was a bit crowded and at one point I wanted to scold a little girl who you could tell would be "high maintenance" when puberty hit. I would definitely eat here again, but I prefer Giordano's.In the top 3 pizzas I have ever had and I've had a lot of pizza! It takes 25 minutes to make and it's worth the wait. This is super thick stuffed crust to die for. The crust is buttery and the cheese flavorful and thick with tomato sauce that has chunks of fresh tomatoes. Now I'm not going to be able to sleep just thinking about it!Came here before the Phillies - Cubs game last July. We arrived just before 11 am and waited for them to open. Once they did, it wasn't a problem to get a table. Deep dish is the way to go and you can't go wrong here. Quite simply put, the buttery crust is amazing and IMHO better than Giordano's!What can I say. I've been eating Lou's for over 2 decades now.  I was raised on this stuff from a very young age.  We usually went to the Naperville or Schaumburg outpost, but I was in the city so we went here.  Food was good, although the pizza had way too much garlic on it and we didn't request it.  Only complaint was that the manager told us we would be getting half off our entire meal at the start of it, only to find out that he got in trouble for giving us half off everything not just the food, so we had to pay for our drinks full price.  Would have been nice to know that all the drinks we were ordering were not going to be half off at the beginning, but I was grateful we go somewhat of a discount I guess. I love LOUS!!!Lived in Italy and was dreaming about coming back to Chicago just to eat here. Awesome deep dish that must be tried! Literally the best pizza i've had in the worldSimply the best deep dish pizza in Chicago hands down.  Not the best pizza in the world, country, or even county - just the best deep dish pizza in Chicagoland.  I like mine with the butter crust, but who wouldn't?  I think of the pizza as more of a casserole than a pie as it is so thick and rich.  Other items on the menu of note are the Malnati's Salad which like all of their salads are huge, enough for two or three to split.  I like to order delivery since the dining room has little to be desired for ambiance and generally has a vast amount of children dining in.For some reason, whenever I have guests, I always take them here.  Lou's/Pizano's style is my favorite deep dish, and while I think Pizano's might have a pinch better food, somehow the location, the athmosphere, the dependably good service, and a solid (but definitely not exceptional) beer selection round out a great meal.  Be sure to call ahead and/or order salad and appetizers, because the wait for a deep dish pizza is usually 45 minutes.You won't find a better personal pan pizza anywhere. You might get one more quickly, but it won't taste nearly as good. The secret is the butter crust that gives the pizza a wonderful crispy texture. The ingredients are as fresh and real as they get and the symphony of flavors simply cannot be beat. It's hard to get pizza wrong in Chicago, but for the personal pan pizza, it's Lou's all the wayCome early because the line will multiply so rapidly at the door. Nonetheless, the service is great and unrushed. (Good deepdish takes time :). The Lou is one of the best I've ever had anywhere in the world, but I especially like the homemade sausage pizza here.A generous 3 if you ask me, but I only went here for some late night chocolate chip pizza.  Could upgrade the cafeteria style plastic plates, but I can't knock the place too much cause I didn't have the pizza.  Coffee was horrible, so was the server, but it was 10:30 at night...Okay, this place isn't bad, at all. It's a great option for those who don't like *real* deep dish -- Lou Malnati's serves more of a pan crust style and the pizza is certainly lighter because of that. And it's super cheap. But it just doesn't compare to the wonderful deep dish this city has to offer. I'm underwhelmed!my first chicago deep dish.  sure i've had deep dish before, but not an authentic one from the land of the deep dish.  the pie was delectable, and a small was way beyond filling between the two of us.  i was about to order a salad, or appetizer, but decided to hold off as to not spoil my deep dish experience.  i'm glad i didn't because there was no room for anything else in my stomach.needless to say, we both had food comas afterwards.Service was good - apps were delightful - pizza was ok - nothing hugely great. Pizzeria Uno is better.The people have spoken!  Lou Malnati's is the best Chicago style pizza in Chicago.  Prior to our visit to Chicago I did quite a bit of research trying to decide which pizza joint to visit during our stay.  There are so many pizza restaurants to choose from and considering we didn't have a lot of time in Chicago, it wasn't an easy decision.  After asking several locals during our stay, and considering Lou's has been featured on the Food Network and the Travel channel multiple times, Lou's was my choice.  Three things stand out in which I feel makes Lou's a truly unique and superior pie.  The crust, the sausage, and the tangy tomato flavor sauce.  A truly remarkable pizza.We were seated immediately on a Wednesday ~2pm.  The service was good but the pizza took a long time as advertised ~35 mins.  I was dissapointed with "The Lou" pizza we ordered.  I found the crust to be dry and the pizza didn't have enough sauce.  I thought that ordering the namesake pizza meant it would be THE pizza but I guess not.  This was the only time I've eaten here and was my first Chicago deep dish experience.  Fortunately, Giordano's redeemed the deep dish pizza for me so I left the Windy City a happy traveler.Wings were great. I was not feeling their pizza. Kinda bland. I got two deep dish, didn't finish either. I guess I'm a NY in crust guy.Best deep dish in Chicago for my taste. Service is OK, but not where it should be.BEST! Deep Dish Pizza I Have Had.Best Chicago style pizza in the City!Is is good that Chicago has enough pizza choices to satisfy everyone.  Lou's is no exception.  When you need a little exception to your pizza rule swing on by.  Their crust is some of the best.  Yummy!yummy, yummy, yummy. Service was great and did I mention the pizza was fantastic! The crust was just awesome. It can be a bit of a tourist trap based on it's location, but still a great place to grab some pizza.I ordered Lou's and I have to say as usual they deliver hot, cheesy, pan pizza. OMG the crust melts in your mouth. If I didnt think I would die of hardening of the arteries I would eat it everyday!!!!! I recommend it to all my friends. Lou's is something you have to experience just once.The crust is what sold me, that buttery crispy crust....mmm....good.  Since I live in the south 'burbs, the best way for me to indulge this pizza is to stock up on the frozen pizza.  I have eaten at the restaurant too and the service was just okay, the pizza is much better :)Many miles were traveled, many miles were run to surpass the guilt and the cheese that makes Chicago style pizza. The pizza was less mediocre. We ordered the 'butter' crust, definitely a miss. The crust was buttery but didn't hold up well. The sauce was watery and the toppings weren't anything special. The service was great and that scored this pizzeria a couple stars. But the pizza wasn't great, wasn't good was barely OK. Giordano's is worth the wait and the calories, skip this one.Why can't we have these in California?!? I guess then it wouldn't be considered Chicago deep dish, my point is that I love this place. My first time with Lou was when it was shipped out to me in Los Angeles, even frozen and heated in my own oven it was delicious, but nothing compares to the fresh one. Everything couldn't be more harmonious, the tomatoes in the sauce has a perfect sweetness that compliments the saltiness of the cheese and meats, and oh that crust. I still don't understand how the bottom remains crispy and not soggy. I eat and eat and it makes me sad that I can only fit 2 slices in my belly. The most amazing part of the whole experience is that this pizza tastes fresh and never greasy, it truly couldn't be more distinct!I was on a visit to Chicago from the West Coast and got a chance to try the deep dish from Lou Malnati's. It wasn't the best Chicago deep dish I've ever had, but it was definitely memorable! We ordered 'the Lou' and 'the Deluxe', both really good! I will definitely want to try and stop by again if I'm ever back in town!Have a slice here and you can see why Chicago is known for their deep dish pizza. Yum! Being from the West Coast, nothing in California comes close. Here, you order sausage on your pizza, you get little specs of sausage meat balls here and there, order at Lou Mainati's, you get a layer of sausage on your pizza! I'm itching to go back :DWe arrived and had to wait about 30 min, but they were nice enough to take our order while we waited, so we didn't have to wait too long after we were seated to eat - Score!   Street parking is difficult, so take public transport, or find a local lot.  Atmosphere is nice, they have a couple of different rooms with booths and regular tables.  Service is always pretty good here.They're good. I have yet to have a bad pizza from them and have yet to have any botched orders or deliveries and that's like a total rarity in Chicago. No complaints whatsever about this place.Let's get to the point... Lou's is the best pizza in town. Its better than Uno's, Giardano's and is leagues better than Gino's East (which sucks). What makes Lou's so great is that they don't skimp on the cheese, which can often be the case with Chicago-style pizza. Just remember... always go one size down when ordering if you're used to traditional pizza. Chicago-style pizza is super filling.Really nostalgic pizzaria with an authentic Chicagoean allure... And AWESOME deep dish!  I didn't know what quite to expect coming into this local joint, but the rumors, reviews, and legend were all true. I had the house fav, "Lou" and to much fanfare, it did not disappoint. I am no expert on deep dish pizza, but the Lou was probably the best I've ever had. Only complaint I have is the weak beer selection.... But the food and culture more than made up for it's beer-related short-comings.Think, deep, and hearty.  These are the only words to describe the taste of a Lou Malnati's LOU pizza.  You can even order it with low fat cheese.  Lou, I think I love youuuuuuu.We love the deep dish here! Fresh tomato, and it was a big sausage patty covering the top of the pizza, not just small bits of sausages. There were alot of cheese which we love about. So it's very meaty and cheesy, and we love both meat and cheese. The pie crust is crispy, not soggy at all. The price was right. We got a medium pizza for under $20, and the medium pizza is big and heavy enough. We were able to have left over for a second meal the other day. We love it! Be prepared for the long wait though, but the wait was worth it. I recommend you to eat there when you visit Chicago, it's a must! And if you are already in Chicago, this is a must deep dish!Lou's get's it done.  Nothing I can really say that hasn't already been said in the other reviews but I always come back to Lou Malnati's as my favorite deep dish of the Chicago greats.  I don't personally like the sausage frisbee but everything else is awesome, can't go wrong...What a waste of time.  The service here was so bad.  Apparently dicing tomatoes is a big deal and needs supervisor approval. Basil is not allowed on your "create your own pizza" Lol - The beer came out warm like piss and our waitress decided to hand us the check while we eating (F U) Gino's tastes better and the service is top notch.This was my first taste of deep dish in Chicago. What i liked most about this pie was the crust. it was buttery, crispy and flavorful. i do appreciate the use of chunky tomatoes for the sauce, but it needs more of it. the mozarella cheese and meat (pepperoni and sausage) toppings were great.Pizza takes 30 minutes to cook, so be prepared. Hopefully its worth the wait!While in Chicago for a few days I went here to meet up with some friends. I'm from NYC/long island so I've had some great pizza, but I wanted to try Chicago style pizza. This place fills up fast, we went here on a Sunday for lunch around 11:45 and by 12:30 there was a wait. The pizza's take about 30mins to cook. The sauce and butter crust is really good. I only had one slice and I was full! It's definitely a must if you're visiting Chicago and want to try there take on pizza.Food 4/5 - tasty Chicago style pizza!Service 3/5 - a little non-personal and annoying. Price 4/5Will be back!Love this. Deep dish / sausage mushroom / butter crust / uncut! Try it, you won't be sorry.True Chicagoans really know their pizza.  Forget the touristy places well known in this city.  This place has the best pizza. You'll never want to eat anywhere else again.  The sauce recipe really makes this pizza standout amongst its competitors.  If you want a fantastic pizza for a good price then this place is where it's at!  Every time I've had their pizza the taste and quality of the pizza has been consistent.  You can never go wrong with this place!Went here and Giordano's for deep dish while in Chicago for a conference.  Lou's was by far the better of the two.  The butter crust is DELISH.Good deep dish pizza. Although I dont frequent coming here alot because its a little too much for me.I do like their crust though. One of the best. Eat here!The picture here is so fake. The pizza looks nothing like that. Then again no food actually looks like the picture unless you're in Beverly Hills at a restaurant. Yuck..I've had better!!Giordano's or Lou's? Tough call.  I love Giordano's stuffed pizza better than standard pan pizzas from Gino's.  Lou's is just a notch above Gino's, but I still give the edge to Giordano's for my favorite pizza.For the best deep dish pizza, Lou's was my favorite when I was in Chicago. I made finding the ultimate chicago style pizza a personal quest so trust me, I tried a lot of pizza places. And by far my favorite is the sausage! It's like a whole sausage patty on top. Seriously, good stuff.Is it me or does their pizza dough smell and taste like beer? Yeah, I love beer....just not my pizza tasting like it was drenched in it. O'well...I'm sorry to say this, but I honestly liked Zachary's deep dish pizza in Berkeley (California) more than I liked the deep dish in Chicago.Probably the best thing in the entire world to eat when you've spent the last 26 hours on Amtrak and have only ingested a corn muffin and four granola bars in that time span. I pretty much kicked in the door at 11am, demanded a big ass pizza and Malnati's was happy to oblige.So is this what all the fuss is about?  Got to admit, it's very good deep dish pizza but I have had better, in San Francisco of all places (Patxis) but I guess that's beside the point.  I had the Lou, the crust was buttery and soft and the prices were just right - a small will feed two.  Personally, I was more impressed with the the stuffed spinach bread, I totally recommend it but be warned, it's very filling (and buttery and cheesy and yummy)!  The wine selection sucks but I guess that's to be expected (why I asked for wine at a pizzeria was a just a dumb move on my part!).  So yeah, overall it's a fine place but I'm guessing there's a better place for Chicago style pizza, hmmm...My husband and I like Pizza Uno better, because we like their crust better for the sweetness and gooeyness.  It's a matter of preference.  The good thing with Lou's is that there many locations so the wait is not as excruciating when you're really hungry.  It's also a lot brighter and not as intimate as Pizza Uno...so it's probably better for small groups and casual eating.We went on a recommendation from our friends and it was worth it.  They have individual pizzas that are perfect size.  Not too much, not too little.  We had a sausage pizza and the Lou, both with the butter crust for an extra 75 cents.  TASTY.  Crust is not super thick and crispy.  The flavors are fantastic.i was in chicago on business.  the first thing we did when we got off the plan and at the car rental place, was asked the locals where we should go for deep dish.  everyone said you gotta check out lou malnatis.  and, of course, we were not disappointing.  i personally love deep dish - pizza should not be done any other way! and this place has great heaping amount of cheese.  the decor inside is pretty sweet, sports themed, and people were friendly.  i would def. come back to this place if im ever in chicago againDitto: need to ditch the cheddar on the Lou.This is without a doubt the best pizza I've ever had in Chicago! The wait is always long and it takes a while for the pizza to arrive but it is well worth the wait (and I am impatient too!) Can not wait to go back!!!On our visit to Chicago we tried Lou Malnati's on N Wells St & Giordano's on E Lake St. I really enjoyed Lou Malnati's & the service was superb. I had the "classic" with sausage, yum! I uploaded a deep dish photo of the classic. But....I preferred the crust of Giordano's. So on my return to Chicago, I will be going back to Giordano's :)Awesome pizza, well worth the cab ride.   Outdoor seating, cold beer, and great pizza.  There is also a small bar that you can sit at and watch a game.By far my favorite za in chicago!  You can't tell the difference between low fat and normal cheese! Great service and huge portions.  2 people can dine in and leave for under 20 bucks!Lou Malnati's if my FAVORITE deep dish pizza in Chicago (and believe me, I've tried them all)!  The crust is to die for and probably my favorite part.  I almost always go with a sausage pizza and believe me, they don't not skimp on their toppings!  A medium is more than enough for 2 people and you're pretty much guaranteed leftovers!  If deep dish isn't your thing, don't worry, their thin crust pizza is also extremely tasty.  The pizza does take about 35-45 minutes to cook so I would also suggest a salad to start with. FYI- I do mostly get Lou Malnati's delivered and they will charge you a deliverly fee..but it's worth it in my opinionPizzas were a bit small; my friend got 2 to fill him up.  Service was great though.  To be honest, I'd rather go to Giorgano's when I'm in Chicago and craving deep dish.I love lou malnatis! ...i get it delivered all the way to cali...taste almosy as good as dinning in! ...always visit this place when I'm in town.If you like Chicago style "pizza" then maybe you'll like this place. Coming from NJ/NY, I know what Pizza is supposed to look and taste like, and this isn't it.  Terrible.  Plus the waitstaff is pretty incompetent.Hey it's a chain now and yes you have to wait a bit, but the experience felt worth it to us out of towners.  Fun to watch the staff bustle and the pizza and salad were scrumptious!  We recommend the Malnati special pizza--really good.first off, this place is RIDIC popular. the line and crowd was just SO long. they really need to figure out a better system of how to keep the crowd entertained. the great thing is that they did let us order beforehand so we weren't just sitting there too long. price isn't bad at all for such GREAT pizza. we got the Lou Deep dish- MUCH better than giordanos. the ingredients were really fresh and very filling! also- just a little more AC please.. the BO was starting to get a little rank with all the people crowded around. over all though- pizza is GREAT here.Lou Malnati's has earned a number 3 spot on my list of best places to get Chicago pizza.  Although the calamari appetizer was a little bland, the main course pizza was delicious!  They spare no ingredients when making your pie. The service was very courteous.  My only complaint is they made our ice cream dessert before we were done with our pizza so it melted by the time we were ready to eat it.  No fears, however, because they made us a new one!  Overall, good downtown environment, good food, at a reasonable price!Best pizza in Chicago.....period.  I love sausage or spinach!Gooey cheese, and great butter-flakey crust. TVs were in each corner so we could easily watch the play off game.  Service was fast and friendly and they had Italian brews on tap - brava, va bene!  But it didn't make me crave it during the remaining days I was in town, so therefore it just hit the 4 star mark for me....The pizza we had was good. They did not skimp on the sausage! Even the chicken wings were good. I would go back, just not my favorite pizza.I don't know what to say about this place that hasn't been said before.  It was great, and I would have to put it above Uno in my opinion and that is all it is, one persons opinion.  The pizza didn't have an strange oily taste us southerners are not used to.  It was cheesy.....a huge plus and my wife did not like deep dish and now she is a lover of the pie.  That is saying a lot.  Good job Lou, good job.  Only critique is the place isn't bigger, but that's Chicago so notedIt was alright but not anything out of this world.  I have to say that there was a salad that I did enjoy A LOT which is the reason for the 3 stars but I have had better pizza ... Maybe my southern California palate is used to CPK Hawaiian.Ok. Overated!Service was rubbish. Food was just ok. The lou salad was yummy. Cant stand restaurants that give you plastic glasses. So ughhI have had dreams about the pizza I ate there. But, I ate so much that night I definitely did not feel good afterwards. But, if you are remotely able to control yourself in such situations, then you'll just bask and coast on waves of pizza blissGreat deep dish.  I give it a slight edge over giordanos.  Ordering in is great, but i prefer eating there so i can eat it right out of the oven!They make deep dish pizza crust to perfection: light, crunchy, buttery. Hmmm. And gotta love the heart shaped pizzas on Valentine's Day!We were stuck in Chicago due to the storm so decided to go to downtown and try out the famous deep dish pizza. We got 1/2 pepperoni and 1/2 lou special. I gotta say it was much better than expectation. The pizza has a nice crunch layer at the bottom, soft in the middle and juicy on the top!Best pizza ever. No drawing on the walls and I like it like that. Nothing compares to Lou's. Every time I go home I must not miss Lou's.This is one of my favorite pizzas ever! Amazing, fresh taste and great crust! mmmmFantastic...the 8 of us had a collective food coma after 2 slices each.  Great selection of beers, friendly service, and tons of seating.Great place to come if you want to experience a bit of the downtown area and get some good pizza. Deep dish pizza that's worthy of reppin the chi-town flavor. This place is a bit tight wouldn't recommend people with kids, but you'll have a lot a people with parties, it's really good pizza.The service is fair, but the pizza is great. the crust isn't so bready that it overtakes the pizza, and the cheese actually has flavor. Some of the best in Chicago!I love carbs and cheese... and this is my heaven in pizzeria-dom. During my last trip to Chicago, I was COLD and HUNGRY. NOT exactly a good combination for anyone who's within griping distance from me. But thankfully Lou Malnati's saved the day! Their cornmeal crust is SO dang good with the spinach and cheese just oozing out of the loaf. The pizza are B-O-M-B... with crusts that are just gooey good and string-y cheese that you have to eat like spaghetti with a fork. I also love the vibe of this place... very proud Chicagan. LOVES IT!Best Chicago style.  Get the butter crust.  Chicago style pizza takes time so it is not a quick lunch.I've heard from many that dip dish is a true pizza lovers choice. Therefore, as a real pizza lover, while in Chicago, I ventured out to what is one of the most recognized pizza venues in town. When asking local friends on the "best" spot, they were torn between Giordano's and Lou Malnati's. Lou's won the toss, simply because it was within closer proximity. Caution: The stuffed pizza resembling a casserole or lasagna is more than a meal.If you go for the large, it takes about 30 to 40 minutes but if you go for the personal, it cuts the cooking time to more than half. I'd skip on an appetizer and wait for the dish because this is more than filling. I tried the plain cheese and the flakey buttery crust was just perfect, plus the cheese portion is modest allowing one to taste all the other fresh ingredients. If you really like it, you can pick up some from the freezer to take home. I was happy with it but would not substitute for a traditional pizza.I live in Chicago and am not a fan of deep dish at all. I've tried here and it's just way too much cheese and not enough pizza. For me, all the ingredients have to mesh well together. When you eat their deep dish, it's just globs and globs of cheese. Disgusting for me. And then today, I tried their thin crust and it was just bland. The taste wasn't there whatsoever. I will give them props on the salad..the bomb! O won't be back.If you come during dinner hours-- expect to wait. This place is ALWAYS packed-- and for a good reason. This place really has the best Chicago style pizza-- the buttercrust is AMAZING. The Lou pizza-- is a must try.. there's no meat in it-- but so yummy!!I am also not a huge fan of just plain spaghetti and meatball-- but somehow this place makes me crave it! The Malnati salad is really good too for those who prefer to have something lightI am not much of a pizza eater, but my hubby is so I am forced to eat it. This is probably the best pizza I have had.  We only ate at this location a few times, we mainly ordered fron the one in Orland and the one in the south loop on State Street.  They have the BEST thin crust pizza.  It just melts in your mouth.  Their deep dish is pretty tasty as well, but as I mentioned, I am not much of a pizza eater so the thin crust is about how far I am willing to go.  P.s my hubby recommends the deep dish with the butter crust.Came on a weeknight and had to wait about 45 mins for a table for 4.  Had the Lou and it was okay...nothing stood out for us.  My son had the personal sausage pizza and he enjoyed it...but also didn't think it was anything special.This place was packed on a Wednesday night, with a wait of ~45 minutes around 8pm.  Had the Lou's special (mushrooms, spinach, tomatos) & fried calamari (mediocre).  To be honest, I'm not sure this is the best deep dish in Chicago but Lou's is an institution nonetheless.  This location is on a surprisingly quiet block of River North, nice for al fresco dining.the best pizza I have ever in my life had. Soooo good, so thick, so cheesy, and sooo far away from California(and even more to ship to CA). Seriously, the pizza was amazing.  We got the sausage and I think I had 4 whole pieces to myself, thats how good it was.  I dream of being back in Chicago and having pizza here again and I cant wait to introduce my boyfriend to it.  We recently had pizza for the first time in NYC at Grimaldis while we were visiting and Grimaldis had NOTHING on Lou's! 5 stars for Lou's!This was a very good deep dish pie.  I came in on a Monday evening right around five and placed a to-go order for a deep dish cheese.  I was quoted 30-35 minutes on the pie and it was out in 30 minutes.  While the pizza wasn't super hot when I got back to where I was staying, a/ that is my fault for walking 10 minutes in a cold wind and b/ to be honest, I don't prefer my food to be so hot that I burn myself so I can't count that against them.  Thought the cheese / sauce ratio was very good, and the crust was very tasty.  Additionally, on the value scale, I'd say that Malnati's gave me a lot more pizza for my buck that Giordano's and Gino's East (at least according to what their websites said before my trip).  A couple days later I had the leftovers for breakfast, and they reheated nicely as well.  Four stars up for Lou!Unbelievably awesome.  I no longer live in Chicago, but I don't understand why Lou Malnati's can open up multiple locations around Chgo so why can't they open one in LA!  Who doesn't love a Lou Malnati's pizza?????The "Lou" pizza was amazing! Added sausage and pepperoni - excellent.Went here with a tourist friend visitor on a saturday night. He just HAD to go there. Wait was ridiculous. Like 2 hours. They were having people order their pizzas before they sat down. Would definitely not go back during peak hours.I'd give it 3-1/2 if possible ... mainly due to the service.  Carry-out's - hey, what can you expect on service - right?  Well they treated me just as though I were going to sit down and dine - and all I was doing was picking up a pie.  They threw in a bunch of extra stuff for me without my even asking ... I'd give it 4 stars if I were more a deep-dish fan.  Solid in everywhere ...looks like a fun place to sit at the bar and take it easy too (think I'll come back with that excuse in mind).I'm not the biggest fan of deep dish pizza, I'd take a great thin crust pie over a great deep dish any day.  Lou Malnati's was good, and, as opposed to other deep dish places, had a thinner crust instead of the typical thick flaky crust- a difference I really appreciated as sometimes other crusts are just too much.  I had the Chicago classic- sausage, cheese, and sauce.  First off, I think this pizza would be even better with some spinach to offset the heaviness.  This sauce was good, I wanted more flavor from the sausage though, and there was a ton of cheese.  Now, one thing some may like, but I didn't, every bite tasted the same.  The sausage was a big disc on top of the cheese and under the sauce.  I like a pizza where each bite is a little different.  A charred piece, a bubble here or there, sausage scattered about the pie. Overall this is a good pie and the thinner deep dish crust is a nice alternative to the thicker crust of other places.This is the second time I have been here and it is consistently wonderful. We had the "classic" and all I can say is WOW! One piece and I was stuffed. Hands down the best pizza.Most of the other Yelper's did a great job revieing this pizzeria.  My best suggestion is to order the large and not the 6". The 6" does not get served in the pan and was not as crispy on the crust. I had to send mine back.Our friends told us about Lou Malnati's so we knew we had to check it out. We decided to order carry out since the wait was going to be over an hour long - even at 10pm. We ordered the "Malnati Chicago Classic" pizza based on their staff's recommendation. Needless to say, we were slightly disappointed by their pizza! It definitely wasn't the best we've ever had, but it wasn't bad either. It's just that we've had better deep dish pizzas elsewhere. Next time I visit this place, I'll probably order the "Lou" instead.Chicago is known for their deep dish pizzas, so when I visited, my expectations were pretttty high. Unfortunately, the first place we went to, (which was one of the top places a lot of people recommend), was a bit disappointing to me. But that is besides the point here. Lou Malnati's was the last place we tried, and it turned out to be pretttty good! The crust was perfectly crunchy and ohhh the cheese! Very yummy. The waiter was very kind, which is always a plus. They also have frozen pizzas that you can purchase.We were soooo excited to eat here based on other reviews, but we were disappointed.  The pizza was decent, but we probably wouldn't come back.  The wait was too long, and the pizza was not as good as Giordano's. We also ordered calimari, which was just ok. The tiramisu was decent, but we've had better.Loved the deep dish pizza here! it tasted so fresh and had great flavor. also loved that we could do half/half (sausage for hubby and spinach mushroom for me) on the pizza. Also, they have great salads and service was great. Would definitely go back (would have gone back if we had stated longer).You must try the Chicago Classic. It is less of a pizza, and more of a tower of flavors, with a dish of dough, a blanket of mozzarella, a river of tomatoes, and an entire layer of uninterrupted patty-style sausage. This pizza defined Chicago deep dish for me. At 1am on a Thursday in Chicago, I tasted real pizza for the first time.Glorious. Highlight of our trip to Chicago. I'm sure that native Chicago types will debate a to whether these guys have the best deep dish pizza - but for this out-of-towner it is the best he's ever had in his life. Busy as hell but well organized and kind competent staff.Lou Malnatis is another restaurant which is extremely delicious and has a balance between stuffed deep dish pizza and thin crust pizza. This is definitely a great place to go when you head to Chicago.Wake up and change or revamp your pizza. I had visitors from Dallas Texas over Labor Day Weekend, Friday night and hungry, wanted to try one of the best most renowned pizza restaurants in Chicago. Disappointed will be understated. Service was ah, the veggie pizza although it was big enough to feed 4 people, wasn't good enough to claim as best Chicago deep dish pizza. 2 stars, just for size and hope for change.The service was excellent and the pizza (Lou's with sausage) was delicious.When we first arrived to Chicago, first thing we want to try is a deep dish pizza and I'm glad we chose Lou Malnati's Pizzeria for that! We ordered a medium size The Malnati's Chicago Classic deep dish pizza, honey BBQ wings, and a family styled ceaser salad with grilled chicken. I'm not a big fan of pizza and I thought this deep dish pizza will blow my mind because there's so much good reviews about this deep dish pizza and I expect it to be bomb.com. But surprisingly, this deep dish pizza wasn't amazingly great to me. It was good, but not that great. The cheese on the pizza was the best part though. It was cheesy and gooey. The honey BBQ wings were the best. I wish we could've had ordered more of that. The salad was also good. The service was great, except the part where my bf asked for a side of ranch dip for the pizza, it never came to our table until we asked again. The waiter thought my bf wanted the marinara sauce.....I wonder how the waiter mistaken ranch dip with marinara sauce??  But overall, everything was great and we enjoyed our first meal in ChiTown.Awful, bland, expensive, junk pizza. I wouldn't eat this stuff for free. Was looking for some late night pizza and a native chicagoan recommended Lou Malnati's. I honestly think this is the worst pizza I've ever had. The crust was almost slimy, there was way way too much cheese and the sauce/ingredients were bland. Don't know what the big deal is, I'd rather flush $30 down the toilet.Excellent.  I always order a pie for carry out, get there a little early, drink a beer at the bar, and then head home.  The bartenders are fantastic!  They are easily some of the best bartenders in the city.  Everyone is extremely friendly.  The deep dish is what they are known for, but I've become a bigger fan of the thin crust.  The deep dish is still really good, but the thin crust has been just-right this fall.  I was also pleasantly surprised to find the Italian beef sandwich is very good.If you are coming from out of town and want to eat a real Chicago pizza, this is the one.  I'm tempted to give this place a 5-star rating, but it is not quite as good as it was five years ago.  Maybe it's me.  Whatever, no one should ever rate this place below 4-stars.  It is the most consistent experience in town.If you plan a group outing, the experience here is fantastic, but to have that great experience, you will first have to wait a long time to sit down.  No pain, no gain.I was never a fan of deep dish pizza, I didn't really like Zachary's in Berkeley, and the first time I tired deep dish in Chicago, I didn't enjoy it much either. We were with some local Chicago friends, and they suggested Manalti's as the best deep dish pizza in Chicago for the buttery crust, so we decided to go. Right when we got seated, I realized that I've been here before. This was my second time at a Manalti chain pizza restaurant in the area, and since deep dish is not a personal favorite of mine, come here if you love lots of cheese and buttery crunchy crust. Great atmosphere too with decorations of different sports memorabilia hanging on the walls, and they are not shy on refillable drinks - they are a monster of a size.Deep dish and bruschetta were amazing!The best deep dish pizza's in Chicago (world).  You can't go wrong with any Lou Malnati's.For the best thin crust pizza Lou Malnati's is a great option.  I love their thin crust pizza- they have this sweet sauce that makes it so great.  If you are going to order out from here you may want to reconsider and dine in at the restaurant because when you order for delivery- it just doesn't taste the same as when they bring it to you fresh out of the oven at the restaurant.  That's my suggestion to you:)Drunk and beligerent with a party of 8 5 minutes before they closed.  We called ahead to make sure they wouldn't mind, and they told us to come on in, so we did.  We didn't leave until like 1:15 on Saturday, which means we kept the staff there way too long.  Not once were we asked to leave or hurry up or anything, the just kept serving us picthers.  Great service, great food.  Lou's is just as good as any other Chicago style pizza, to settle for one pizza place would be a disheartening experience, so I would also recommend Nancy's Pizza, which is pretty much the same as Lou's.I can't believe some of the people that don't like the pizza here.  Of course you're all welcome to your own opinions, but it is unbelievable to me.  Bland?  Are you kidding?  Buttery crust, with the sweetest tasting sauce in the world!  The cheese is amazing also!  It's like eating a cake for dinner.I can't believe how good that pizza was, way better than anticipated... We got a medium, easy on the tomatoes, gooey with the butter garlic crust. I don't think I've ever enjoyed a pizza this much in my life. The 30 minute wait to get the pizza was more like 20 and it was worth every second. Service was good, and the soft drinks are CRAZY HUGE.I am embarrassed to say since moving to chicago 4.5 years ago i have never had chicago deep dish pizza.  that all changed last night, we had a friend in from out of town who wanted it and i decided to put my fears aside and dig in. You know what, it was DELICIOUS!  butter crust, lots of cheese and sauce, what's not to love?  I dont think my waistline will allow me to eat this all that often but it was a great indulgence.Good food at a decent price. The pizza was good but not great. I love sausage but I must be used to sausage being sprinkled on the pizza in places instead of a pizza sized sausage on my pizza. Still good though. I love all kinds of pizza but I might be more of a thin crust dork.Still the best!The real deal.  My personal favorite Chicago-style deep-dish pizza.Great Chicago pizza! I was visiting for a few days and if you can stand the wait (45 min) its a great slice of pie. I recommend the deep dish special, it will easily feed 2. Great atmosphere inside and close location downtown. Very good zagat review.We have this for lunch every wednesday so I eat it but really not a fan.  So as with all my ratings 2 stars=I'd only eat it if someone else is paying.  3 if I'm in the area.  4 I will actively go out of  my way to eat here.  And to always give an alternative.  Go to pequods I think their deep dish in so much better.I heard this was the place for deep dish pizza and I was impressed.  I'm not too familiar with deep dish but the sausage and pepperoni pie was amazing and I crave them every so often.  I still prefer ny style pizza but the deep dish is a good change.Pizza was GREAT.  Went in at about 8PM on a Saturday night and there was a 45 minute wait.  However, we were able to place our order and then they called us when our table was ready.  Within 5 minutes of sitting down, the pizza was delivered to our table, hot & fresh.  The staff was very friendly and the service was quick.  The prices were more than reasonable.  Will definitely go back next time I'm in Chicago.The best deep dish pie......ever.  Give me a large sausage deep pie and I will do damage.  Simply amazing.  I will be going back again and again and again.  Love this place and have been to most Lou's locations.  Amazing.Quick trip to Chicago and had to get in a deep dish.  Lou Malnati's is it!  I haven't had pizza anywhere close to this.  The cheese was perfect and you can taste each piece of sausage.  The crust, that was a nice surprise at the end of your slice, makes you think about which end you want to start your next slice on.  If you're going to try a pizza on your next trip, try this one.  I tried Gino's East and it didn't measure up.I thought it was pretty good. Great service and very fresh tasting ingredients.I love Chicago and I love this pizza!!!   GO DBACKS.   Anyway, jokery aside, I can't say enough about how much I enjoy the food in Chi Town.    Buttery, flaky, THICK crust with a layer of sausage at the bottom.  FABULOUS!!!Honestly some of the best pizza I have eaten. Not as good as Reginas in Boston, but pretty damn good. The salads were also stellar.... Not giving the fifth star because their beer selection was not great and for a great pizza place, the beer selection should match the great pizza.Glad we stopped here to try a deep dish pizza, prefer thin crust , but when in Rome....!  Hour and a half wait Sunday  night is fine,  but when the place is packed and I can't get to the bar, that is pushing it for me.  Especially when they only take cell numbers for groups of 6 or more for paging.   So..we decided to walk down to O'Leary's while we waited.  Came back an hour later just in time, waited maybe 5 minutes.  One thing that was nice, is they take your order when you register and start getting you pizza ready ahead, so once we were seated it was only a matter of 10-15 minutes!  Pizza was very good, and the large house salad really hit the spot.  Would go back!!The most amazing pizza I have ever had!!  I have always heard and seen on TV that Chicago deep dish was the best...I now believe it wholeheartedly!  I don't know how the crust can be so good with so much stuff in the pizza!  We had the house salad as well and it was also delicious.  I can't think of a single reason to not come here.  I hope hope hope that I can come back someday!We died and went to Heaven in a Crusty Deep Dish Pan!  This place was recommended to us first by a gentleman on the plane into Chicago who affectionately called the place "Lou's" and it did NOT let his high regards or our expectations down.  There was a HUGE gaggle of folks waiting as well as a 40-45 minute wait but it was well worth it.  Simply put, GREAT PLACE and even better food.Great Pie! Malnati's salad was also very good. Pass on the calamari and hot wings. A must when your in the windy city!Wow. best crust ever... Nuff said.While on a cross country road trip and culinary tour of America, one of our friends who is from Chicago told us to go here to taste the deep dish pizza Chicago is famous for. This place had a 30-45 minute wait and the pizzas take 35 minutes to cook so they took pre-orders. The service was transactional at best, but the pizza was good! (My boyfriend is from New York and I am a big fan of thin crust, so we're a tough couple to please) but the pizza was really good. We got the Malnatti's special which has cheeze and sausage. Yum!i LOOOOVVVVEEEEEEE pizza!  But hmm... Something must have gone wrong or something here!   We arrived 10 minutes before they opened.  By the time the doors opened there was a line waiting for the doors to open.  We ordered the chicago deep dish pizza and it had sausage, lots of sausage.  Let me clarify what I mean by a lot of sausage.  There was not a single area on the pie that did not have sausage.  The WHOLE ENTIRE top had a thick layer of sausage!!!!!  Next thing to know about the pizza is that its THICK, hence chicago deep dish.  But lemme tell you the cheese is about an inch thick!!!!  Maybe more!Ok so picture this,  a thin crust thats crispy with a inch layer of cheese toped off by tomato sauce then a layer of thick sausage.  OMG i thought I was going to die!!!!  I felt like my arteries were going to close on me with the cheese and sausage overload!  Ok so the pizza was not fantastic but it wasnt awful, it was eh.. ok.   It wasnt what I expected. =(  Maybe next time will be better if I ever decide to return.  Or maybe this isnt my type of pizza but could possible be yours.  =)Only in Chicago will you find the best deep dish pizza.  Lou Malnati's is the best hands down, sorry Uno's.  Not once have I been disappointed with the outcome.  These are by far the best tomatoes I've tasted in my life, add that with cheese and the famous "buttercrust", you get a perfect pizza.  I've made it a point to go to Lou's at least once a month because it doesn't get better than this.  Hopefully they can work on getting a location in or one that delivers to Oak Park.Hnads down, the best Pizza in Chicago!If I could order just ONE thing from Lou's, it'd be their tomato sauce. Everything else is pretty standard.Great pizza!!! The cheese and sausage makes it!!While in Chicago for a business trip, I stopped by Giordano's, Gino's and Lou Malnati's.  I have to say hands down Lou's is the best one out of those 3 famous ones that everyone talks about.  The sauce is amazing and the crust is cooked perfectly.  Wash it down with a nice cold beer and it was a perfect meal.  I'm considering ordering them online and having them shipped to California since their website says they ship anywhere in the US.Omg this was the best pizza!!!  I don't even like thick crust...I like thin crust. We went here twice on our 2 day vacay... it's that good!Chicago Style or NY Style? 100% NY Style. I felt Original Classic was too big and cheesy. Pizza got Cold fast. It was hard to cut with forks and knives. Service was good. You need to call ahead to order or you will be waiting for an hour to get food. Best part of the dining was Stuffed Spinach Bread. Tasty! Nice decor and very upbeat place. Not fond of deep dish pizza.Yeah so be prepared to wait for a table, but it's really worth it. Delicious pizzas and great service. My only bugbear was the menu selection wasn't fantastic. But for deep-dish pizza you will literally think about for the rest of your trip, this place wins hands down. Don't get lured in by the hype over Gino's East, walk three blocks to Lou's and take in what Chicago eats.Even though some of my friends highly recommend this place I didn't have a good experience. Waiting time is too long ranging from 30 to 45 minutes. You have to order ahead if you want to eat sooner. Also, our pizza was soggy and the sauce was a little salty. Luckily, the girl that took care of us was really nice.Two hour wait...no big deal but the result was very average. Not great, not bad. The pre-order procedure was a great idea though, even if it took an additional 45 min after we sat down for the pizza to arrive.On a recent business trip, I decided to branch out beyond my normal Ginos East experience.  I had never been to Lou's but had been told that it is the best in town.  So, I had to give it a try.I went on a Thursday evening just ahead of the crowd, and it did get crowded.  First, the side salad I ordered was huge.  It was a meal unto itself.  I really had to work to finish it before the pizza came.  All the greens were very fresh and crisp and the ranch dressing was good.  The only complaint, if you can call it that, was that the salad was so big it barely fit on the plate.  In fact, I couldn't take a bite without salad falling all over the table.  But on to more important things....I ordered the Chicago Classic pizza which included the famous butter crust and sausage, to this I added pepperoni.  What I noticed on the menu was that you can order extra tomato sauce on the pizza.  Never having seen 'extra tomato sauce' as an option I didn't order it.  It was a mistake.  I think the pizza really lacked that great tomato flavor.  The crust, mild sausage, and mountain of cheese made the pizza everything I expected.  It would have been perfect with more sauce.  The service was excellent as my water glass never went dry (which for me is a big deal) and they always cleared the table quickly.in three weeks I go back to Chicago again!  So, will it be Ginos East or Lou Malnati's next time?  Good question, I'm not sure myself.  But, I'm leaning towards going back to Lou's but this time ordering the extra tomato sauce.OUR EXPERIENCE: We visited two of their locations and loved both. Our favorite dishes were the spinach stuffed bread and deep dish pizzas. Service was excellent in both locations, but we preferred Wells Avenue simply because it was smaller and not quite as loud. TIP: Go to the Rush location if you prefer a larger crowd in a more contemporary setting, but you really can't go wrong with either one!I can not say that I enjoyed Lou Malnatti's unfortunately.  It was my least favorite of the Chicago deep dish places we've tried.  I liked the atmosphere of the place a lot, almost like an upscale sports bar.  The waiter was very friendly and I really wanted to like this restaurant.  We got our pizza and it looked fine but not what I had always heard was Chicago style pizza.  There was very little sauce and it was lost under a layer of artichoke hearts.  This was fine, but the sauce was very bland.  The crust was thick and doughy, not deliciously flakey like the others.  Overall the pizza was very bland and actually tasted like soap.  It was unfortunate, I don't think I'd go back.I went to this place because it is mentioned in a Chinese travel guide book, which is translated from a Japanese guide book. I've never had New York Style Pizza before so the crust is kinda too hard for me. But over all I like it very much. The juiciness by the topings and the the tenderness by the crust are harmonized by the cheese, which created a kind of unique taste. The service is very professional and kind, which is a huge plus. Strongly recommended.I don't think I need to say much about this place... By FAR the best pizza place in Chicago (at least the most known best pizza place in Chicago.)  (Also as a whole not necessarily this one location) Great place for a classic Pepperoni deep dish...I tried regular crust and buttery crust, the buttery crust is the way to go!  I don't think I will be able to eat pizza anywhere else ever again.Great Pizza.  Great texture and an extra buttery taste.  I had always been a NY style lover, but this place changed my opinion.  Really great atmosphere too.  A true Chicago feel to the place.  Don't forget to save room for Chocolate Chip Pizza for dessert.I have no idea if this is the Lou Malnati's I actually ate at but it was pretty good. Kicks the crap out of SF pizza any day. Plus the little deep fried cheese balls were delicious.Best deep dish, f**k  the best pizza!- I have ever had- delicious and luscious and warm and melty and all that gooey tomatoey goodness...Good Pizzayou know what...im not even sure why im writing this review...its a complete personal opinion restaurant...what i say is lou malnaucious..yea i know real original...but to be honest im just not feelin it....i keep tryin it and wanting to love it but i guess im just a giorandos guy..dont get me started on this deep dish thin crust nonsense..both pizzas can co-exist..they are different styles..there should be no comparison..i compare lou's deep to ginos and giordanos and it falls in last place to me..and by the way..the delivery time is god awful at this place..i get it..it takes 45 minutes to make a deep dish pizza..but waiting over 2 hours is just nuts..being that hungry you should love your pizza..Really good deep dish.  I sat at the bar and asked the bartender what I should get, pizza and beer.  I ended up with the butter crust deluxe deep dish and a local Chicago brew.  What an excellent meal.  I got a salad with it which had so many veggies in it, for those that like that kind of thing, way too many onions and tomatoes for me but that's just me, just meant when he picked up the plate there were quite a few tomatoes left over.Great meal!I visit Chicago once a year (after Thanksgiving) for a convention.  My tradition is to have some authentic Chicago-style pizza upon arrival.  I heard about this place on Throwdown (Bobby Flay) and found the nearest to my hotel (only 0.8 mile walk).It was a busy Saturday night, but I was fortunate to be a solo party and was given a small booth immediately.  I tried the appetizer combo (great fried cheddar balls).  I ordered the "Lou" which had no meat and added Sausage.  The pizza was exactly what I was expecting...perfectly Chicago style (that is coming from a California guy of course).The only thing that was disappointing was the lack of a decent scotch to have while I waited 30 minutes for the pizza (nobody said deep dish was quick).  I tried a J&B but didn't finish it (no Black label, Glenfiddich, etc).Overall - extremely satisfying experience.Lou's Chicago-style deep dish pizza abso-LUTELY Hit. The. Spot! Perfect balance of delicious sauce/fresh filling/tasty crust presented in a hot iron skillet on a windy, cold Chicago afternoon. Great, friendly service. If you are in a hurry beware: you must allow 20-30 mins for this or any other deep dish pizza to hit your table but it is well worth the wait! Looking forward to our next visit to Lou's. We WILL be back!I've had pizza everywhere and this is my favorite.  Perfect ratio. Great ingredients. Just the best. Sorry New York, best pizza ever right here at Lou's. As others say, Giordanos is too cheesy. Here it's perfect. Get the sausage. Its like a whole layer or fresh sausage. It's delicious.Omg. sooo yummy. I live in Florida but visit Chicago often, and I have to eat here every time.Deep dish pizza is great!!! Especially the Crust!!!! I'm from houston, tx and i travel to chicago at least once a year. i used to hit up the other pizza joints such as, Gino's East, and Giordano's, but now this place has joined the list of must places to visit list. Pros: The Crust is EXCELLENT. i'm not a fan of Gino's East Corn Crust, but the crust here is absolutely amazing. Cons: The pizza itself is okay. the Ingredients are good. If you're looking for the tomato sauce drenched, cheese oozing pizza, this is not the place.OVerall: The pizza aims at pleasing those who like more of a ingredient rich pizza rather than the traditional Cheesy, tomato saucy Pizza pie. Recommendations: The "Lou", and Sauage Pizza, with Spinach and Mushrooms. And expect a 30-40 minute wait for any pizza place.The butter crust is what makes Lou's the best pizza on the planet. I am partial to deep dish as it is and I love Gino's but nothing can top this. I have been going to Lou's since I was barely able to finish a slice. Now, there is fight over how many pizzas to get shipped to Scottsdale to last until our next trip home. While the frozen pizzas are no where near the feeling of dining in, they make you feel like waiting for the next trip to Chicago won't be that bad.The staff was less than enthusiastic, the food was poor, but the atmosphere itself was somewhat pleasant, and they're lucky my date liked it a lot.  That was this place's only saving grace.Not such a big fan of deep dish, but if I felt like it I would definitely go here again. Surprisingly well priced for THE deep dish place.  Was also pretty easy to find a table Sunday night...I was expecting to queue.Easily the best deep dish pizza in Chicago.  The cheese and crust are much tastier. Service was fantastic.  I look forward to ordering pizza and having it delivered back to Atlanta.I think I've tried every Chicago pizza place in the city and this one is my favorite.  Try the thin crust version too - it's awesome.I'm not that big a fan of deep dish, but the crust here was excellent. Served strait from the cast iron, it was hot and crispy, and very tender as well. Almost like a good pie crust than a typical pizza crust.The salad and pizza are five stars!  Their limited menu allows them to focus on getting the food right, and they have succeeded.  My only complaint was their weak wine selection.  Ten wines to choose from. Many different brand names, but all brands were owned or imported by Gallo.  The restaurant could certainly offer a higher quality wine selection, and therefore, command a higher price for a glass or bottle.  The restaurant goes to such effort to make good food, but is lazy when it comes to the wine list.  A missed opportunity for Lou Malnati's.enjoyed the malnati house salad better than the deep dish pizza.  it was prolly the best salad of my life but probably not because I say that a lot..but still, croutons were crisp, feta cheese was MMMM and each piece of salad was perfectly drenched in dressing and there was just good proportions of each ingredient.deep dish pizza was supposed to be amazing right??  it was the first time i had it and it was ok.  it took a long time even though they said itd only take like 30 min?  and they serve it for you when it comes out.  we got one with pepperoni and..stuff.  and another with vegetarian ingredients.  i had a piece of each and it was pretty filling.  felt like i was eating a casserole and not a pizza, but as far as pizza goes, it wasnt bad.  a lot of cheese and well cooked.  probably would try another place next time just to see wassup with deep dish.Stopped in for a quick bite had an individual pizza. Each pizza takes about 45 minutes to make, so make sure you don't go if you need food immediately, at least without ordering some appetizers. The pizza is quite tasty and pretty much what you would expect for a traditional Chicago style pizza shop; definitely worth a visit for tourists and locals alike.Love this place.  I use to order take out from here all the time.  Now I have Lou's shipped to me in LA.  I always have a Lou's deep dish pizza in my freezer ready to stratify my craving.5* Deep Dish PepperoniOh how I love this pizza. The crust is cooked to perfection with it's flaky buttery taste. I love how their sauce contains chunks of sweet tangy tomatoes. Their cheese is the cheesiest. Every bite is a little piece of heaven. Highly recommended if you love deep dish pizza. Grew up in Chicago and grew up on deep dish. This is as good as it gets.Best Pizza I've had...cheese, toppings and that "FAMOUS" butter crust make all the difference. Better than Gino's and Giordanao's. This location gets packed quickly and the wait time was 45 mins but the option to pre-order your pizza was very helpful.  Must stop here on your next trip to ChicagoIf I were a pizza, I'd be a Lou Malnati's Classic -- meaty, cheesy, and goes well with beer.  I love the fact that they get the proportions just right, so the mouthful of warm, goopy tomato sauce is balanced by sausage and cheesy goodness.  Since this location is near the Mag Mile, be prepared for some serious wait times unless you go early or late.On my Chicago food tour we had to go to Lou Malnati's because everyone said to.  For a guy from California that loves his pizza I guess I just can't fully appreciate a deep dish like I'm supposed to because I just thought it was ok.  We got the chicago classic, I took the left-overs and fed a bum.  I would give it another try if we went back but certainly not the first place I would go.BEST PIZZA EVER.  Hands down better than the NY style in NYC or the brick oven pizzas all over in DC.  I went back to Chicago just to eat their pizza again!  The frozen ones had to do when my time in Chicago was up :(On a day trip with some friends, we found this place because they had a gluten-free, dairy-free deep dish pizza option, which was a necessity for one of my friends. The other 4 of us ordered a large deep dish pepperoni pizza, and it was so delicious that we all devoured our 2 slices in minutes. Mike, our server, was a blast, too. You could tell he loved talking shop with patrons, and he even gave us a free dessert. I highly recommend Lou's!It was well worth the 1 1/2 house wait. We were in town on vacation with the kids and we walked form our hotel down to Lou's. It was a nice Summer night so we hung out outside and waited for our table. The pizza is all that's it promised to be and it was a good thing we walked there cause we were so stuffed we needed the walk back you our hotel.Plan on waiting......I had the "Lou" individual deep pan pizza which had spinach and was so piping hot.....the service from Patrick was awesome! Huge cups.....I was literally full the rest of the day into the next.....totally worth the wait.I'm from California and was raised on thin crust pizza.  My only real exposure to pan pizza was from pizza hut.  I decided to try Lou's and see what I had been missing.I ordered it for delivery and got an estimated delivery time of about 45 to 60 minutes.  I was surprised to see the delivery guy about 35 minutes later with my small ("for 2 people") Chicago classic, and small salad.  The total including the 3.75 delivery charge was $22.80.Pizza was still steaming hot, literally.  It was a bit juicy, presumably from the chunky tomato sauce atop the cheese and sausage.  The salad was massive.  If what I ordered was a "small house salad" for $4.50, I can't imagine how massive the family size one is.The pizza was tasty.  I won't say I was blown away by the butter crust; I honestly didn't taste anything buttery.  It was crisp on the side and not crisp under the toppings, of course.  I liked the tomato sauce which tasted cleanly of tomatoes but no strong spices.  I ate a slice without any of my beloved red chilli peppers and a helping of salad and was full.Overall, I was happy but not dumb struck.   I dont see myself ordering half a dozen shipped to me on dry ice like the website offers, but I wouldn't turn down an invite to go back either.Might be bias for this deep dish in giving it 4 stars cause it is the only true deep dish I have tried in Chicago but, GD the pizza was good. Love their crust and sausage. Will probably be a returning customer when I return to Chicago for a visit.Went here on the recommendation of a friend...absolutely amazing!  Best deep dish I've had!Yes, the long long wait was very worth it! The 3 of us ordered, two 9" small pizzas, a caesar salad with chicken and a penne pasta. Our waiter Eric was so quick, attentive and sweet! And, not to belittle Eric, but, the pizzas were way over amazingly delicious, the caesar dressing was to die for and the penne pasta was incrediblle! Everyone from Chicago had told us Californians and 1 friend from Japan that you don't know pizza until you have a Chicago Pizza. We say you don't know pizza until you have Lou Malnati's!Crust is thin and crispy.  Lots of cheese and toppings.  Definitely for pizza lovers who love their cheeseU get what u pay for here! All the way around, the taste is great,the quantity is great,I ORDERED THE "LOU" IT WAS FANTASTIC!  YAYYYY!  I'VE BEEN REDEEMED FROM MY HORRID, RIBALD EXPERIENCE AT PIZZANO'S!!! THANKS LOU!At the recommendation of a friend, we went here (Chicago deep dish virgins that we were). The place was full and they told us that there would be a 20 minute wait but we were seated in less than 3 mins. Very laid back atmosphere and very friendly staff. I have  mostly been a fan of the thin crust are other Italian places but after eating here..good lord, the buttercrust pizza was so delicious, crunchy and oh so buttery. For a person who isn't really into pizza, this place had me wanting more. My family ordered minestrone and mozzarella sticks which they gobbled up pretty fast. We also had  the deep dish; I had the classic and they selected their own toppings (black olives, peppers..and some other thing). The individual size was the perfect size for me and I was satisfied without feeling like I was too full to walk. I will definitely be back here on my next trip. And the next one..and the next?wow how do people like this pizza the sausage is horrible and the crust taste like stale bread... I have lived in the chicago area for a little over 2 years now and this pizza is a disgrace to the chicago style name...wake up people try a real pizza giordano's is way better... dominos pizza blows this place out of the water and its not even good... dont waste your money!When in Chicago and looking for an awesome deep dish, Lou Malnati's is the place to be. I was in Chicago for a 3 day conference and ate at Lou's twice. Yes, it was that good.Tried the delivery once, the 9-inch Lou Classics was really good.My friends and I had a great time here. The waitress was super friendly and the food was excellent. The calamari appetizer is a must-get (way better than Giordano's hands down). Being tourists, we wanted to try the Chicago deepdish but we accidently ordered The Lou instead. Nevertheless, it was super delicious, highly recommmended!! The wait for the pizza was super long, but they warned us ahead of time. Also, the pizza came right after we finished the appetizer so it was perfect timing!Man that Pizza was delish!  If you like deep dish this was excellent. Personal size pizzas are perfect!  Not greasy and full of flavor.Amazing deep dish pizza. Well worth the stop if you're in ChicagoLou Malnatti's is a great pizza place but I'd dine in instead of ordering because their delivery just isn't that great.  It's too good of a pizza place to not go there so that's my suggestion to you.I consider myself a pizza snob... I've grown up in Chicago on some of the best pizza known to mankind! I'm always amazed that a Domino's or Pizza Hut could possibly make a profit in Chicago 'cause I can't imagine anyone but out-of-towners and transplants buying that stuff. I've read some of the reviews from out-of-towners and I'm not really surprised when they don't like Chicago Pizza.... who knows what kinda pizza they've been eating all their lives---  but I can pretty much guarantee that it was nothing like Chicago Style pizza.For my money, Lou Malnati's is the BEST deep dish pizza anywhere (that buttercrust is ridiculously good)! Gino's East is still excellent. I'm a big fan of Giordano's, Carmen's, Uno's, Edwardo's and Home Run Inn (thin) and Connie's (thin or stuffed) are sublime if you have it at the restaurant.But nothing beats Lou Malnati's. My mouth is watering just thinking about it!btw... if you're ever in South Shore, there is nothing, nothing(!!!) like Italian Fiesta (thin). It will literally blow your mind! I swear, they must've made a pack with the Devil in order to make pizza that good! From other reviewers it seems they maybe inconsistent... but I have never found that to be the case.  Every pizza I've ever had from them as been excellent. I must say that most of my Italian Fiesta experience took place in the 70s & 80s ---- In the last 20yrs I've eaten their pizza fewer than 10 times because I'm rarely in S. Shore, but friends who live there tell me it's good as it always was and it was certainly good during the Bear's Superbowl party in Jan'07).Awesome pizza & service but DAMN the wait for a table on a Saturday night is almost 2 hours!  I know, they have GREAT pizza and I LOVE it but it just stinks waiting for a table and salivating while waiting.  Parking is also pretty bad in that area.  They need to get valet service.Hands down best salad in the Chi. Get the Lou Malanati's Salad that serves for 4 and you will eat the whole thing. Well Maybe not but I do. I love the Lou Malanati's salad. Pizza is good too, but the salad....wowie.My wife and I had the sausage and spinach with a buttercrust and we were quite pleased.  Very garlicy and delicious, you will not leave hungry.This is the best pizza in the world!!!!! I love it.Classic Chicago style pizza.  Amazing!  We had a deep dish "Lou" with sausage.  Lots of flavor and we were stuffed after two slices.  Wish they made this kind of stuff where we live.Just an amazing good pizza. Be prepared to wait if its evening but its worth it for sure. My favorite pizza in ChicagoStaff was great, parking not a problem (Monday afternoon).  Wait was bad.  Pizza was good, but I guess I was expecting a WOW.  I have heard that Chi Style is a matter of taste, as this is more of a cassarole with dough, but I wasn't a huge fan.  Still better than a lot of the stuff we get in CA.  But not close to what you get in NYC.  Price was so-soExcellent deep dish pizza. The wait to get in the place was at least an hour, although they are nice enough to let you buy drinks as you relax on the sidewalk. The vegetarian pizza was very good -- fresh vegetables, perfect portion size (medium is perfect for ~3-4 people). A truly rare convivial atmosphere. The wood-paneled back room, when full, is a joy to dine in.I would certainly recommend this place to most friends.I've been here many times, and have never been disappointed.  Exactly how I like my pizza.  Delicious crust, great tomato flavor, fresh toppings...yum!  Worth the calories every time.  Their salad options are also good -- crisp and fresh with great toppings.  Oh and I almost forgot -- love the bruschetta -- very flavorful!Excellent Chicago-style deep dish pizza. We loved the pizza; however, my family says they like Uno's slightly better. Chicago related memorabilia on the walls. Good food for locals or tourists. Be prepared to wait but you can order your pie when you put in your name so the wait after being seated is short. Try the Family Sized Malnati's Salad with all the stuff on it - it's great! Overall, we will return if it's nearby but will go to Uno's if we're near there.Excellent deep dish and our server, Jose, was amazingly helpful, courteous, and made dinner more enjoyable.Lou's was ok, Geno's East is better...but that is just my opinion.Pizza was amazing. Nuff said.If you want awesome Chicago style deep dish, you will have a hard time finding a better place than this.  Absolutely incredible deep dish pizza.  The sauce has a sweetness to it that other deep dish pizza places in Chicago don't have.  I usually order straight up cheese, because that's just how I like my deep dish.  You can also put your order in as soon as you arrive, so by the time you sit down, it shouldn't be too long until you can devour your delicious pizza.  Pretty cool decor as well, with Chicago sports memorabilia all over.Got the "special"  it was very good.  Would eat here again definitely.We visited Lou Malnati's in Chicago after seeing the Throw-down with Bobby Flay.. I must admit, I was just as impressed with another pizza company that has a location in the Prudential building...:)  The taste was good but it was not what I had hoped for... we don't think we would return to this restaurant.Best Pizza in Chicago! If you never had Chicago style pizza, you have to try Lou Malnati's! May just be my favorite pizza ever!While in Chicago, we ate at three pizzarias.  First was Giordano's, Second was Pizza Duo and last was Lou Malnati's.  Our favorite is Lou Malnati's.  The Pizza sauce, the sausage, crust made it hands down our favorite.Also had the taramisu, wasn't bad.I am in Chicago a few times a year for work and I always make it a point to get my Lou Malnati's. I have tried a lot of the other places in town like Gino's East, Giordono's and Pizza Uno, and Lou Malnati's is the best, by far. My boyfriend and I even had some frozen pizza's shipped to us in New York, though they are not as good as when you eat there. A Chicago must have.Good deep dish, Good prices.Long wait time. So if you want to eat RIGHT NOW, go to a fast-food place.Soft drink is a huge 32oz for $2.25. Not sure about free/pay refills.Next time that I go, I will save room for the chocolate chip cookie dessert.The Yelpers were right! This place is awesome! My hubby, Martin, has had deep dish in the past yet always favored the thin crust NY style pizza, and he is now a fan! What more can I say? Just read the previous reviews! It's all true! The crust is fabulous! We had the ChicagoClassic! Perfect Post-Marathon celebration food!The stuffed spinach bread is good. There can be a wait to get a table.We were downtown for the festival of lights parade and stopped in for a few pies. It was amazing. The pizza order was taken before we sat down and after being seatied to our table about 45 min. later, shortly the pizza's came out. They we fresh, and tasty. I will definitely be back for more.Service was horrible.. tried to convince me to order a larger pizza... wrong drinks. Pizza was decent..BUSY BUSY BUSY - first dinner I had in Chicago - great calamari - and decent pizza (I'm more of an NYC style fan myself - sue me...). Server didn't give much attention to the table - but that's understandable considering how quickly they were turning tables. If you're looking for that true Chicago pizzeria experience this is definitely worth going out of your way for!Happy with my first LM experience.  Well priced delivery at 11pm for arrival around midnight on a weekday, good times.  Ordered the "Lou", added sausage.  The sausage isn't crumbled, it's more like slabs of large pieces which I found too much.  It overwhelms each bite.  However the veggies were excellent, the tomatoes were very sweet and fresh.  Need to mention the "small" is VERY small, it's 4 normal pieces but underwhelms the eye.  No leftovers for two on that size so next time I'd get the medium for two.  Happy but need to tweak the order for next time.Lou Malnati's gets the 5 star "as good as it gets!" because it's as good as it gets in Chicago. Enjoy the best pizza in Chicago at Lou's!Quite delicious Chicago style pizza. There was a wait, but it is Chicago and can be expected. The options felt limited, but they are good at what they do. Be prepared for a cheese overload, but who doesn't like that from time to time. The spinach cheesy bread appetizer was tasty, not at all what I was expecting when I ordered it, but the plate was clean before the pizzas came. Good service, the atmosphere is average, overall, a fairly typical Chicago pizza joint.Excellent salad, sausage pizza and staff. Had no wait on a Sat morning before lunch and we had a great meal. Would go back in a minute!I don't get how some locations can be so different from each other, when it comes to taste and texture.  This place is for tourists,  which is a shame.  I would think the place where tourist would go.  Would be the place with the best pizza.  Dont you want people to go back home and tell people how good it was.  Either way its still better then the other pizza places....Windy City = best deep dish pizza... and where do you go??? where else but "Lou Malnati's pizzeria!!! thumbs up!The toppings and sauce dont really stand out to me any more that of lesser-known pizzerias.  The crust though, is pretty damn good and unique.  If they took this crust and put on some really fresh bomb toppings on top it would be ridiculous.Very good deep dish pizza, and excellent salads.  This is a very popular restaurant, so come early or be prepared for a bit of a wait.I used to eat Chicago deep dish style pizzas out in Detroit (pizzapalis) so when I came to Chicago I had to seek out Lou's and it did not disappoint. A great pizza.I was expecting a lot from this place.  Everyone told me that this was the home of the best deep dish pizza in Chicago.  We got the sausage and mushroom pizza with the butter crust, and ordered it before we were seated so that it would come out faster.  When the pizza came out, the crust was hard, tough to eat, and served lukewarm.  The sauce was okay, but it seemed that the pizza had not been cooked all the way.  Perhaps it was just a bad night for Malnati's.  Surprisingly, the best thing we had was the Antipasto salad which was a little overdressed, but chock full of good vegetables (surprising because no one goes to Malnati's, or Chicago for that matter, to eat salad).  My advice is save your money and go on the architecture tour on the river.The ONLY place for authentic Chicago pizza.  The sauce is a perfect combination of sweet and tart  and they put an inch thick layer of sausage on the whole pizza!  Outside of the order delay (30-60 min) this place is the ultimate example of a Chicago food staple.  DONT WASTE YOUR TIME ELSEWHERE!!!I want to give a shout out to our "regular" server, Martha! She is super friendly, super attentive, and simply super!!! I love this Lou Malnati's location. The service is great, quick, and the pizza TRUMPS EVERY OTHER CHICAGO STYLE PIZZA THERE IS OUT THERE! My boyfriend and I have been eating here for 2 years and will keep eating here! Keep up the great work guys!! Long live the pepperoni deep dish pizza from Lou's!I'm sort of a newcomer to deep dish pizza, since the only one I've tried was at an Uno's branch in NYC. I was not a fan but on my recent trip to Chicago I knew I had to try different deep dish pizzas. My bf and I went on a Friday night, and.... we were the sole customers, which I thought was odd. Our server was great and we waited about 30 mins for our pizza (the Lou) to arrive. We were expecting to need a box to take home leftovers because we'd read that while the pie wasn't huge, it was filling. There was no need for a box because the pizza was just that good, and we scarfed it all down (politely, of course). The spinach and mushrooms tasted very fresh and the tomatoes that garnished the pizza were slightly crispy. Plenty of cheese yet it didn't feel too heavy. The crust was nicely buttery.For dessert, we had the chocolate chip cookie pizza, which was quite nice as well. But I think if I had the room for it, I would have had another slice of the Lou for dessert, it was just that good! Highly recommended!I lived in downtown Chicago for over 3 years and this is my favorite Chicago style deep-dish place. It was just blocks away from my home and I went there often. The pizza is outstanding. Crust, sauce, cheese, and pepperoni will rock your world. And for a starter I would recommend getting the garlic bread. Best in the world! Nothing even compares to their garlic bread. Go there, eat there, and maybe fall in love there.This pizza ranks pretty damn high on my list. The Art of Pizza, on Ashland, is still higher and makes me feel more like I'm supporting local business. Malnati's: I liked the Lou very much. The girl that waited on us was quite friendly. The plates on the table were actually pretty dirty and my water cup had a piece of lettuce in it. I know these things happen but it's a little unsettling. I'll definitely go back if I'm in the area.My profile pic says it all.  Best deep dish anywhere.  Nuff said!!Really Really Good deep dish pizza. The crust has the right texture and just enough salt, The sauce is tangy and fresh tasting and the sausage is rich and not greasy with the little bits of fennel. The cheese balance is perfect. For thin crust I like Ranalli's on Lincoln the best.Great place! Loved, loved the deep dish butter pepperoni pizza! Great service.Visiting from out of town I was anxious to try some Chicago deep dish. We tried several pizza places during our trip and Lou malnati's was the best of the bunch, better than another place that maybe gets a little more attention. A great experience to go with some delicious pizzaWe got delivery from Lou's last night. Sooo good we ordered a thin crust xtra sauce xtra cheese pizza the real pizza test. got the cookie ice cream dessert! Yum. We have ordered several pizza's lately and this is sooo much better than any other we have had delivered! It's going to be a favorite.This is the standard where good deep dish pizzas are measured. It might not be the best in Chi-town but its definitely good.I ordered a thin crust sausage pizza. The supposed to be butter crust is very crunchy which is not at all what I expected. I went based on the reccomendation of the hotel that I stayed in suggestion. I honestly must say that I probably wouln't go back.First time being in Chicago, locals say I need to try their signature deep dish pizza at Gino's or Lou Malnati's. I chose Lou's since I was in the neighborhood... btw why doesn't Chicago just have their streets in alphabetical order?!? hahaha But Lou Malnati's deep dish pizza was pretty good.  Our server 'nikki' looked literally like katherine heigl haha friendly and courtesy! If i'm ever back in chi-town again definitely will be a place I'd want to come eat again!Wiki this man. He is the creator of what we now know as Chicago style pizza. This pizza was so good, if my mom was here, I would have slapped her.we ordered delivery to our hotel room. The crust was crunchier and flakier than Giordano's, which i think i liked better. the meatballs were melt in your mouth FANTASTIC! we also had a Caesar salad which was good but had tomatoes which we thought was odd for a Caesar.The Malnati's salad was delicious. I loved the dressing, the mushrooms and the cheese.But things went downhill when I ordered my pizza. I ordered spinach but received cheese. I told them the mistake but said I would eat the wrong topping if it saved me a half hour. The manager said no it would take 15 minutes so I let them make me a new pizza. The new pizza had the right toppings but was not cooked all the way. Lesson: if they give you the wrong topping suck it up because the second pizza will be not edible. I wish I had the crust of the first with the toppings of the second. But given the choice I would pick the wrong toppings with an edible crust. Such a dissappointment since the people next to me said it was the best pizza of their life and I could not even eat mine.The only reason I did not give a five star rating is that the pizza was not the traditional Chicago deep dish style that as a tourist I thought of.  On the plus side each me member of my family had  the individual pizzas with a light buttery crust which were delicious and a perfect size. The service was great. The food quality was superb.A real Chicago deep dish pizza, perfect inexpensive, i only took a star off because it's too popular. Over an hour on a friday night to get a table... Worth the wait though.Pizza was very good. Great value for the price. Loved the sports theme is awesome.Awesome deep dish pizza!! My husband and I were starving after touring Chicago all day and decided to get an appetizer. The stuffed spinach bread was amazing! Definitely recommend it! The staff is also super friendly.Simply the best pizza in a city of great pizza. The Malnati's Chicago Classic is tops if you like sausage. Nice street side indoor/outdoor seating up front.one word...awesome!!!!!great deep dish!Love the pizza and salad here!This establishment serves a high quality deep dish pizza. The cookie skillet pizza is also outstanding.I've had pizza in Brooklyn and I've had pizza in Italy.  Lou Malnati's was my first foray into Chicago deep dish pizza, and I have to say, I'm impressed.  If you are a fan of New York style pizza and you are expecting something similar, stay away.  This is a completely different experience, but delicious none-the-less.  Be warned, it does take 35-40 minutes to cook even a 9 inch pie, but if you have the time to wait, it's worth the trip.  The appetizers were very generous, and the pizza itself was fantastic.  The service was also very attentive.  Now I have to find a place that does a good deep dish in Washington...A lot of people told me to try Giordano's, but my gut instinct told me to go with Lou Malnati's because several of my native Chicago friends highly recommended it. Still, in an effort to appease my bf, I decided to try out Giordano's, which was good...but extremely loaded with toppings and crazy thick crust - to the point where I was in a daze for four hours afterward. Lou Malnati's is completely different and WAY better! Their famous butter crust is just right! I was a bit wary of it because I don't tend to like overly buttered food, but the crust wasn't abnormally thick and had a nice crisp, while still staying true to the proverbial Chicago deep dish concept. I especially love their deliciously fresh marinara sauce because it has tons of real tomato chunks in it, which makes the pizza extra juicy! We also tried their buffalo wings, which were great too! We LOVED this place! In fact, we're even thinking about ordering their pizza online and getting it shipped!!!if you don't hear from me for awhile, please check certain notorious alleyways in chicago.  i fear i may be in for a mob hit.this pizza barely crosses the line into mediocrityville.  it would be decent if it weren't for the crust.  i even upgraded to the "butter crust" for an additional $0.75.  lifeless and banal, the dough reminded me of this one time when i was trying to adjust my rugby cleats and had to try and move this strange cardboard insert with my mouth as my hands were tied up with other parts of the shoe.  i am also reminded of high school when i made scones in my home economics class.  as i added this class late, i got paired with the resident beavis & butthead duo of two stoner metalheads('sup Mark and Ricky?!) with pencil-thin mustaches.  when these cats weren't preoccupied with trying to set the other's textbook on fire or boiling the toilet crystals or debating the merits of Judas Priest's first album, they often contributed to my earnest efforts by fiddling with the oven temperature and telling me i was a dumbass.  i'll leave it to you to decide who was the dumbass(es)(HINT: my SAT score: 1320).   i suspect some divine intervention, but we managed to crank out a batch of these scones and they tasted exactly like the raw ingredients that went in - flour, lard, baking soda, and salt.  ok, we added currants too but they are basically like retarded raisins and added almost nothing to the finished product.anyway, this pizza tasted like those scones covered in a can of tomato sauce.  the chunks of sausage added some much needed cholesterol and zing.  i must give some credit to the delivery as everything i wanted was there and packaged very efficiently.  they even brought ice cream in it's own separate plastic UFO container for the peach cobbler.in short, the pizza - not so much.Wonderful service from Eric. Had classic and the "lou". Both are awesome. After two slices I am stuffed.mmmmmmmmm....  I've tried a few deep dish places and this is my fav. go here.damn goodDeep dish pizza is way overrated. I much prefer Gino's East, Giordano's, and Uno's.What can I say, this place is AMAZEBALLS!!  The spinach stuffed bread is a must.  The pizza was yummy and filling, and the cookie was a perfect ending to a yummy meal!My wife and I were recently in Chicago for the weekend and were in search of the best pizza we could find.  Some research and good advice pointed us towards Lou Malnati's.  We stopped in here and were seated right away.  Our servers were very friendly and chatted with us for a bit before we placed our order.  We decided to go with the calamari for our appetizer.  What a great choice it was!  This was some of the most tender and just perfect calamari we had ever tasted.  While raving about the calamari, we waited for our pizza to come out.  As usual with deep dish, it takes 30 or 40 minutes to cook.  The pizza finally arrived at the table and it looked delicious.  We ordered a 9" small deep dish with pepperoni, sausage, mushroom and butter crust.  We were in heaven upon taking our first bite of the pizza.  It had a great flavor and was just wonderful, crust and all.  We still had a bit of room left after the pizza and decided to try the chocolate chip cookie dessert pizza that I heard rave reviews about.  It is a warm chocolate chip cookie baked in a personal pizza pan and then topped with vanilla ice cream, chocolate sauce, whipped cream, and a cherry.  It was excellent.  Lou Malnatti's is now the best deep dish pizza I have ever had.  Back in the day, Gino's East was my favorite, but this is now my new favorite.  I will be back here every time for sure whenever I come to ChicagoUgh. This place has disgusting pizza. Why are there so many good reviews? I don't get it.There must be some reoccurring theme at Lou Malnati's where there's some requirement that you have to wait at least an hour to be seated or longer.  Our party of 15 didn't get seated until an hour and a half later since they don't take reservations.  I think this is the way that they get you to order appetizers or drinks before you sit down and order the pizza.  We hung out at the bar for a little bit where Chuck kept us happy with our drinks.  I had a house salad here that was a very nice size that I split it with a friend.  We also had the sampler platter with the fried mozarella sticks, zuccini slices, cheeseballs and mushrooms.  We had 2 deluxe and 1 pepperoni pizza here and it was really delicious.  It was almost enough for all of us since not all of us had 2 slices, but it made for only a $6 meal for each person.  The staff here was pretty friendly.  They also have an upstairs, but they still manage to pack the place.I do not like deep dish but had to try it.  I won't call it pizza but it was VERY tasty and filling.  You will leave this place full and happy.  Bonus for the photo of Derek Jeter diving into the stands vs the Red Sux.First deep dish pizza we tried in Chicago as recommended by many of my Chicago friends here in Vegas.  You can take the brown line to get here.  Wait was about an hour or so, but they will take your order prior to getting a table since the pizzas take about 30-40 minutes to cook anyway.  We split a large 16in i think it was, just the classic cheese, sausage, sauce. Also split the house salad w/ the creamy lemon garlic dressing which I could have easily drank through a straw! It was THAT good!  Had one slice of pizza, floated to heaven, and by the time I took my last bite, I was stuffed.  It's fabulous! Wait staff was friendly and helpful in ordering as well.I think this is the best pizza in town...and there's a lot of pizza here..consistent from location to location...the deep dish is absolutely delicious,the sauce perfect...order the butter crust(extra but worth it)....the thin pie is killer as well..highly recommended!!best pizza hands down...always ask for extra saucemmm.. great pizza!  very fresh ingredients on top of crispy crust.   although i personally like giordano's crust better, i think lou's has better toppings.   however the drink selection is pretty limited, and the restaurant feels cramped.  still, i would definitely come back for more pizza here.My roommate and I shared a small Lou's deep dish pizza. So good.  nothing was over done, it was cheesey and delicious.  They give you a perfect amount of toppings.  The service was great and very friendly.  They told us the pizza would take about 30 mins, which it did.  That is not a bad thing at all, in fact that means they actually make the pizza. We did not get drinks, but they had a nice looking bar.  The decour was nice and relaxing.  Great experience.I recently got to visit Chicago for the first time to attend the Chicago Underground Film Festival. We held out on eating pizza while we were there so that we could try this place. I've been to Zachary's in Berkeley, so I have an idea of what Chicago style pizza's gonna be. Yeah, we had to wait for awhile, but as tourists we had plenty of time to burn. We got to sit outside, a big plus, since it was a warm and summery night. We ordered the deep dish buttercrust with mushrooms, spinach and olives. So we finally get our pizza and let me tell you, it was truly delish! It was a bit runnier than I thought it was going to be, but I didn't care. The sauce was so tasty, not too sweet or tangy as some tomato sauces tend to be, but just truly melded to perfection. Ok, so I live in San Francisco and sorry, Zachary's, you lost on the sauce. Zachary's sauce is too California raw tomato-y for my taste. Definitely a super hearty meal that I couldn't eat everyday, but a special treat for special occasions!We are from out of town and wanted an original Chicago styled pizza. We got it. It was wonderful. Delivered to our hotel fresh and hot.Best pizza in the city.  No question.  Their deep dish is better than Giordano's stuffed, and this is coming from a guy who grew up right near a Giordano's.Uhhhm-mazzzze-ing! Very good deep dish!Pizza was excellent! We had the thin crust because we weren't too hungry, but it still was plenty to fill us up.  Our server was efficient and friendly.  There was a little bit of a wait but they let you pre-order your pizza so you don't have to wait as long at the table.Lou Malnati's is my favorite deep dish.Good Chicago Pie.  Recommend the "Lou", as well as the stuffed spinach bread.  Unfortunately, the hostess was extremely rude which ruined the luncheon experience for my visiting family.  Went inside to ask to be seated outside...when the hostess and I stepped outside, my family had already taken a table (which the outside server had told them they could be seated).  The first thing that came out of the hostess' mouth to my parents was "Don't do this again because I could have had other people waiting for this table".  No "Hi, Hello, Welcome". This was said in front of all the other patrons who stopped and looked at my family.  Very embarassing to feel like we were being reprimanded like children. I thought a hostess was to help create a welcome environment but not in this case; however our server more than made up for her rudeness.  Attempted to give her feedback before we left, but her response was "I'm sorry but I have a job to do"...She clearly didn't get it.  Unfortunately we live around the corner and may just have to go to Ginos or do take out...Simply the best pizza in town!!I'm more of a thin crust kind of guy, but Lou's deep dish was pretty yummy.Can't speak to long waits or service as we ordered delivery which took about an hour, which we expected. For family of four including 2 bottomless teenage boys, we ordered a medium Lou's and large pepperoni and individual side salad for around $60 including delivery and tip.  After eating our fill, we had a large pizza and half a salad left over.  The crust is buttery good and probably a billion calories but delicious.  I don't usually like sausage but the Lou's special was really good.  If getting it delivered, they will suggest to deliver it uncut to avoid sogginess.  Good idea as there is lots of tomato liquid on top.ahh man! went here in the summer on a road trip,being a new yorker i was always a little weird about other pizza,but this is serious stuff! our waitress was very feisty and down to earth,food fresh,good soda, and great location butter crust peperoni! cant wait to go back!the crust is a bit thinner, ingredients stacked less high than its competition, a bit more liquidy on top.  also an interesting crustless version.me and my sis had lunch here today before heading to wrigley for the dodgers game.  the walls are lined with sports memoribilia.  pretty cool.  our waitress was also real nice and attentive.  prices are extremely affordable.  a pitcher of miller genuine draft, which was roughly 4 pints, cost 9 bucks.  sah-weeet.  the pizza was pretty tasty too.  nice buttery crust, mozzarella, sausage, and tomato sauce.  not the best chicago pizza, i've had.  that distinction ironically goes to zachary's in oakland, no-cal.  but it's still some damn fine zah....Maybe it's that I was born and raised in New York.  We knew it'd be a wait for a table for seven, and it was.  90 minute wait for a table.  They handed us a buzzer, a menu, and told us that we could pre-order, since the pizzas take 45 min to cook anyway.  45 minutes?  What the hell is this, a pie?  Oh wait.  It is.  So we decide, order 3 pizzas (we were taking some home for 5 more people) and had a drink at the bar.  It gets really crowded, so expect to be bumped.  One of the guys in our party nearly accidentally took off the hostess' head with his elbow while telling a story.  They brought out a few thin-crust pizzas cut into bite size pieces for folks to snack on, which was a nice touch.  The whole time we were waiting, there was a distinct smell about the place.  The buttercrust, the copious amounts of cheese.  After about ten minutes, I placed it.  Chuck E. Cheese.  That's what this place smells like.  Minus the sweaty sneakers.  We sat down, ordered another pitcher of beer, and out waiter brought out our pies in less than ten minutes.  He served us all, and I made it through three slices, which was plenty.  It was decent, but I think I still don't get what the raves are all about.  Don't need to come back, for the wait, or the food.Awesome pizza! Anyone who eats here will most likely walk away full and satisfied! The pizza is amazing! The thrin crust veggie is extremely good.We love this deep dish, better than Ginos! They deliver in a timely fashion. About an hour for a large deep dish. Order it uncut, so it doesnt get messy when they are delivering. We had that happen once, where all the toppings and cheese slid off. We called them and they sent us a coupon for a free pizza. We also like the mozzarella sticks and the beef sandwiches. We get it delivered at least once a week.meh...it was aight...one star for their kickass malnati salad...and one star for having blue moon beer...and one for making a HUGE sausage patty...pizza wise...I can't even remember it...so...all in all..forgettable...Verrry good deep dish in Chicago. I put it up against Giordano's and I think I would choose Giordano's over this. But still Lou's is excellent, no complaints.its about time i write a review for this place. its mmm mmm good! who said nyc makes the best pizza? well...maybe they're right. but chicago is not too far behind. ordered malnati salad, thin crust sausage and mushroom and deep dish and my foodie friends couldn't stop talking about the goodness factor. ingredients are super fresh. dine in and delivery service is fantastic! would recommend this to a tourist or a local any time of day.if you want to drink a large quantity of cheese - this is the place for you.Being born right outside Chicago, I've tried all different kinds of deep dish pizza and Lou Malnati's is hands down my favorite. I am not giving 4 stars because the thin crust is good, but nothing special compared to some mom and pop shops pizza I have had before. I went to this Lou's for an early dinner last night and the service was excellent. We were seated right away on the outside patio and the waitress was there moments later to take our order. Our waitress was extremely friendly and checked in often but not to the point where it was annoying. Lou's is where I will always take out of town friends to experience, in my opinion, the best deep dish in the city!I'm not sure we can call it the best deep dish pizza of Chicago but it is really good for sure. I recommend that you go there and make up your mind by yourself.Wow! My first Chicago Deep Dish Pizza. I had seen Malnati's on Food Network, and always wondered: Could it really be that good? I guarantee you it was that good! We started with the Lou salad. The greens were fresh and tasty, Bacon from heaven, bleu cheese, and a sweet tangy dressing that I would gladly kill for. Then comes the sausage pizza! Amazing! The server helped us take photos of this beast, and she separated the slices for us. I really can't wrap my mind around how a pizza this thick could have such a crispy crust. And speaking of crust; you could actually taste it! Most pizzas use the crust as a vehicle for transporting the other ingredients, but this crust was one of the main stars of this pizza show! The sausage was to die for. The tomatoes and cheese were fantastic. I haven't had this much fun since the day the dogs ate my little sister. (Just joking sis!) The question has always been: New York pizza or Chicago pizza. Now I know the answer! Chicago by a landslide! Sure I may eat a New York pizza again, but there us no hurry! Thanks Lou! Thanks Chicago!Call in ahead to save ALOT of time.  Staff could step up the customer service skills (use your big girl voices ladies when calling out orders so we know pizza is ready).  Pizza crust is good and tomatoes on top is even better.great cheese and toppingsExcellent Chicago deep dish pizza but be prepared to wait 45 - 60 minutes on the weekend. There isn't much waiting so people are bumping in to you while you wait. They give you samples to hold you over so that helps. I like the classic with a Goose Island Matilda. I suggest sitting in the front or outside (weather permitting) since the back room can get quite noisy.After hearing so many good things about Malnati's and being in Chicago this week I decided to try Malnati's personal deep dish pizza. My only complaint was that is was lacking in cheese for s deep dish pizza. The crust was phenomenal and the sauce was over the top great. I would definitely go back and just ask for more cheese.The stuffed spinach bread app is super yummy but I can't really rave about the deep dish pizza.  It was okay not amazing and certainly not gross.  If you order it, get any size other than the individual---- that's what I ordered and it just isn't the same.Came in 20 til closing. One guy was a little rude telling us they were closing in 10 but the other allowed us to order to go. Food was delicious. Best pizza I've ever hadcame here on a friday night and expected to wait for more than half n hour, but we got seated within 15 mins or so prob because there were only 2 of us.  the service was great here, everyone was friendly.  the pizza were good, but not super delicious maybe because the deep dish pizza was too heavy for me.  but overall, the pizza both deep dish and thin crust was better than the usual pizza.Awesome...Driving across country... And fiancee wanted to stop in Chicago. Checked yelp and found malnatis. Over half hour wait but pizza was just mediocre... I hope this is not the best chicago pizza!Pizza and ambiance were good but the service was TERRIBLE!  The servers were standing there watching football on the tv.  Once our waitress gave us our pizza, she didn't come back once even though we needed water and more napkins.  Once it was time to pay, we had to track her down and hand her our credit card.  We won't be back!IMHO.. this is the best pizza in Chicago.  This is deep dish very filling pizza! The butter crust is great and the toppings are fantastic! I always get "The Lou" spinach and tomato and mushroom and it has never let me down.  The only downside is that you WILL have to wait.. wait for a table and wait for the pizza.  They will take and start your order while you wait for the table, so that does save some time.recently just move to chicago since last year.... finally found a really good chicago style pizza place that's not the typical.  this place have the mom and pop feeling.  we ordered the calamari, salad, soup... clam chowder... and ive never tasted clam chowder before where there's actually more clams than potatoes... and medium size pizza.  got there right before it got busy... we got seated right away... but boy when we left.. the line was out the door!!!!This pizza was sooo good! We tried Giordanos the night before and Lou's is so much better. We did have a problem where out pizza was not ready on time even though we preordered. We had tickets to something and did not want to be late. The manager came and apologized and gave us a discount off our bill. The sauce made the pizza it had so much flavor. Love it!best deep dish pizza in the city, better than ginos east and uno by far... I am not a big fan of their salads though.Great crust! Sauce is more vinegary than its top cometitor Gino which is sweeter. The only difference i liked about it is their sausge and hoiw its pancaked ontop of the entire pizza. Not like dominoes where you get bits and pieces here and there, lucky to even have a piece in your bite. 3 stars bc not too much of a fan of sausageHad my first deep dish here, awesome pizza, fairly cheap, cool atmosphere too.Service is great...312 beer is superb...and Sorry NEW YORK but CHICAGO PIZZA is simply the best.The pizza is great that is not the problem.  I am going to give every customer some very valuable advice so what happened to me does not happen to you.  DO NOT PAY WITH A CREDIT OR DEBIT CARD.  LAST NIGHT I ORDERED A PIZZA FOR DELIVERY FROM THE RIVER NORTH LOCATION AND THE PERSON TAKING THE PHONE ORDER DECIDED TO SWITCH MY ORDER TO THE STATE ST. LOCATION AND MY CARD GOT CHARGED TWICE.  It is an easy fix but it is a hassle because now I have to call the store and make a stink and then call the bank.  So pay in cash and you will not have to deal with a minor irritation like this.  A learning experience that cost me some weekend cash.I've lived in Chicago for about five years now and am a bit ashamed to say that I have only now begun to seek out Deep Dish pizza.  My first step in this direction was a recent stop in at Lou Malnati's.  First things first, I am a big pizza hog.  Anytime the choice comes up, I'm all over it like white on rice.  I can't get enough of these meaty, cheesy, full of goodness pies.  I did have some reservations for Lou's though because while I love pizza, I'm not a huge fan of pizza sauce.  I know I know, its crazy and I should consider seeking help.  We sat down after being told it was a twenty minute wait on a very busy night, which was absolutely fine because of the free samples of pizza they were handing out at the hostess stand.  We are eventually seated and order our pizza, the classic deep dish with sausage and decided what the hell?  Let's get the buttery crust as well.  About twenty minutes later our pizza is served and we are feasting on a very well made pizza.  There wasn't too much pizza sauce on it and the sausage was really good.  The buttery crust was a very good addition to the pizza, I recommend it.  The trip proved to be cheaper than any of us expected which is always a big plus.  I will definitely be back and I'm now convinced I should continue my quest of further discovering deep dish pizza.  Thank you Lou.We had really high hopes because Lou Malnati's came highly recommended by quite a few folks who've lived in Chicago for quite some time. We were not impressed. There was nothing spectacular about it and lets say it was forgettable. The pizza was "deep dish" because it was cooked in a deep dish but the bottom was a mushy mess. The tomatoes, sausage, and cheese were just tomatoes, sausage, and cheese nothing special about the ingredients. I think i can make this at home in a deep dish too.I'm giving this 4 stars for my husband. This is his favorite of the three Chicago style pizzas we've had: Gino's East, Pizzeria Uno, and Lou Malnati's. For me, it was my least favorite of the three, but it is still good. I prefer my crust buttery and flaky, and this was drier and more cracker-like, which is fine if that's what you like. There is also a strong tomato flavor which turned me off a bit (and again, my husband liked the flavor). But it is good--I'd recommend trying them all and seeing where you stand. It's fun!i would say the best option in chicago for traditional chicago deep dish, however i am not a fan of deep dish pizza.  i prefer NY style any day.  but, while in the windy city, you wouldn't be a tourist if you did not give it a try.Seeing as how I've had deep dish elsewhere, I figured it was good to try it right in Chicago. We ordered a small Chicago Classic (sausage, extra cheese, and Buttercrust) with pepperoni added and some BuffaLou wings (eight in an order) to go with it. The wings were very good, though not the best ever, but still very good. After the inital taste, what put them at the near top was the Gorgonzola dipping sauce. Never before in my life have I tasted, let alone heard of, Gorgonzola dipping sauce. I ordered it on a "feeling adventurous" whim and it was a very well-placed whim. This sauce was the consistency of sour cream and faintly reminiscent of bleu cheese dips but it was all its own and complimented the wings like peanut butter goes with jelly. The pizza, too, was pretty good but not the best. The crust was positively delicious and the extra cheese was a excellent choice but other than that, it was fairly average, maybe slightly above. The Gorgonzola dip, crust, and extra cheese make the place worth going back to and, for a filling meal to fall below $25, so does the price.ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!!  The wait was kind of long but they took your pizza order as you weight so your not waiting at your table for a long time.  They also had a thin crust pizza to try pieces off in the waiting area which was a nice touch to get your taste buds pumped for whats to come.  The pizza itself was like lasagna and pan pizza mated and Lou Malnati's deep dish was its love child! Only thing i would advise is if you are not a big chunky tomatoes pizza sauce fan it wont be your favorite Chicago deep dish pizza sauce.  Lou's is the only place I will ever go when visiting Chicago!Mailed ordered sausage, pep and spinach.  We have only tried the sausage so far and threw it all away.  The sausage is one big piece on the top, very low quality, no flavor and lots of grizzle. Sausage on pizza should be of fine italian sausage quality and either thinly sliced or crumbled.  I sincerely hope the other two types are better.I went to the River North Lou Malnati's for lunch with a group of friends, and we had a good time dining on their deep dish pizza.  It's a casual, family-friendly and group-friendly restaurant to have Chicago deep dish.  I tried the Chicago Classic with green pepper, and it was delicious.  The House Salad is also good, especially Malnati's own sweet vinaigrette dressing.  The ice cream sundae is good too, particularly the vanilla ice cream.  I only wish the brownie included in the sundae was served hot.Great deep pan pizza. It was worth the long wait. Service staff were all really nice.favorite pizza in the city.  nice fresh tasting tomato sauce that isn't over cooked. not too thick.Great food! Wait was long but staff was nice. Free samples of thin crust pizza drink the wait. First time I've had chicago deep dish and it did not dissappoint.Ate here with my mom. Awesome pizza- very filling. Don't want to think about the fat contentBest pizza in Chicago. I go to the downtown location when I am in town on business.Great pizza, friendly staff, great service..the cookie pizza is amazing. Don't miss this place!I'm not sure if this is the best, since all the usual suspects (Giordano's, Gino's, Uno, etc.) are great, but this is the most distinctive -- it stands out from the others (which are close enough to indistinguishable to anyone but the obsessive), thanks to it's lighter, flavorful tomato sauce and its thinner crust.Soooo much cheese. I rate this place down because of the wait, we had to stand there for 2 hours! May be it was the mood I was in after all that waiting that made me think the pizza was just OK. I mean, I've had better and the crust was too doughy. I would come back though but probably after trying other "famous" spots for deep dish.If you're looking for the best  deep dish pizza in Chicago- here it is.I'm new to Chicago and in search of a new favorite pizza joint.  I think I'm in love on my second try....the first place (also a big Chicago name) I did not care for.  Malnati's sauce is excellent and overall a great flavor.  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is that the crust (which I love, incidentally) has a buttery taste to it.  The staff confirmed that they do use butter in the crust, and while it tastes great, I really don't need the extra calories.Appreciated that they had samples out for those waiting and let us pre-order our pizza, given how long a good deep dish takes to bake.  The pizza was delicious; the chocolate chip deep dish cookie a la mode was to die for.i've had lou's before, but was more impressed with gino's cornmeal crust deep dish pizza.  the pizza had too much cheese for me.  the crust was delicious, but again it's not ginos.   the calamari was the best we've ever tasted however.  if i couldn't get into gino's i would definitely give it another shot.Really really good deep dish pizza. I almost never eat meat but Lou's pepperoni is week worth the exception. The sausage pizza can be a little greasy and is never finely chopped enough as it is in big sheets on the pizza as attested to by others many times. Had there pizza at least 100 times but never more than three times in a weekend! The best. Could use a few more beers on draft.Overrated, but still pretty good.  The sausage is under-seasoned for my taste, and my wife didn't like the tomato sauce.  The butter crust is nice, but this pizza is so intensely filling, you don't get to much of the butter crust in the first sitting, and it gets soggy when it sits around.  Lou Malnati's did not live up to its reputation.We had decided as soon as we planned our trip to Chicago that we'd eat here again.  Our waiter, Mike, was terrific.  This place saved our opinion of Chicago deep dish pizza.  We love eating here -- it's our definitive Chicago experience.Its been a long time since I had a pizza this good. Fast and FreshIt was ok.  Arguably being from NYC I a little biased towards pizza.  The bruschetta was good, nothing outstanding.  We got the sausage pizza and it was filling and satisfying.  So decent food, good service, but nothing to write home about.Great pizza - unique crust.  The service is poor and the other menu items are lacking.  I suggest take out and you'll have gotten the best thing about this restaurant.eh... it's okay.loved this pizza. the spinach stuffed bread app was also deliciouslove this place. i always recommend this place for friends who are visiting chicago that wants to try deep dish.best one in chicago. done dealAfter doing some searching around for the best Deep Dish pizza in Chicago, we finally decided upon Lou Malnati's. From start to finish our entire experience was downright awful. When we arrived we waited next to the hostess station to be seated. After a few minutes of standing there with no one helping us, finally the hostess turned to look at us and angrily said "do you need something?" Obviously, we would like to be seated, thanks for being so great at your job... When we were ordering we decided to order the "individual sized pizzas" thinking it would be enough for a lunchtime meal....we were wrong. The 'Individual' size pizzas should be called the 'child size' pizzas, because they are enough for only a 5 year old. They do not even come served in the deep dish tray, but on a mini plate. The pizza itself was good, however, there was very little of it, and we had to wait an hour for our pizza...AN HOUR for the pizza the size of my fist. We only actually received our pizza once we flagged down another member of the waitstaff. Our waitress passed by us numerous times without asking how things were, or letting us know our order was on the way. Frankly, I think she forgot about us, because for awhile she was standing against the wall of the restaurant doing nothing. When we went to pay the hostess again acted as though we were bothering her. While the food was good, I will never come back here again. The owner needs to talk to his employees about good service.pizza was quite good (4 stars), but the staff was a bit abrupt and inattentive, which marred the experience a bit.As I said in a posting about Giordano's, this whole-deep dish pizza thing is more highly subjective than most other foods debates: best chile, best Mexican, best hot dog, etc. Everybody has his or her own unshakeable opinion. Lou Malnati's in River North was recommended to me and my friend by absolutely everybody we met in Chicago -- and absolutely everybody we met spelled or pronounced it hilariously wrong! How we ever found it, I will never know. New Menotti's, Louis Minnetti's, Vincent Minnelli's -- you name it. And nobody we met could think of that place featured (as superb) by Anthony Bourdain on "No Reservations". So at Lewis MacNutty's, we had this: The "Malnati Chicago Classic": Lou Malnati's is legendary for its pizza in the pan, and here, sausage is the specialty of the house. Made with Lou's exclusive blend of lean sausage, some extra cheese, and vine-ripened tomato sauce on our famous Buttercrust.™ It's authentic Chicago!"  We found the sausage and trademarked Buttercrust.™ delightful, but very bland and rather non-Italian tasting. So, I cannot fully recommend Sue MacNaughlty's, especially at crowded family hour when even the seats that are not seats are packed with parents and screaming children eating or waiting in hungry packs. But I must say, the Cubs fans sitting at the bar watching the game were remarkably quiet, even when their team suddenly was ahead by several runs