Look no further for a wonderful breakfast/brunch spot,  complete with an eccentric crowd and some delicious plates. I always order a glass of fresh squeezed orange juice and usually the Sunnyside duck egg hash. This dish has become a favorite of mine that I haven't been able to find anywhere else. On my last encounter my friend ordered the steak and eggs which was also delightful. The service is always really friendly and you can find a spot out on their patio during the week just before noon. Definitely a chicago gem that I'll continue to visit.+++- The special with the pork crepette/cheese grits/sunny side egg is the perfect combination of savory/sweetness. If tis is on the menu, you HAVE to get it++Chicken and waffle; chicken skin was flaky, crispy, and flavorful, chicken meat was juicy, sweet potato hash was great, waffle was a great complementThey give you the perfect amount of syrup for everythingHot sauce is good+Coffee was good, and you get free refillsThe décor gives it a rustic appealAlthough I didn't drink, the bartenders look like they know what they're doingI thoroughly enjoyed the orange juice+/-Idk how I feel about the atmosphere being very darkGreat atmosphere. I give this 5 stars for the atmosphere. I came here for dinner. The burger was solid. Not amazing. Not bad. The Fried chicken dish was average. Was missing something. The meat itself was very tender but it lacked flavor. The meatballs were great. So with those 3 dishes, I would rate the food a 3-3.5 out of 5. The drink selection was fantastic. If you are a whiskey lover, you would love this place. Our waitress was extremely friendly and was checking up on us in a good way. Also, bus boys are always coming around filling up your water cup and for any utensils needed. Overall a great place and I would come here again....except the location is kind of in the middle of nowhere.We visited on a Monday around 11:30 for brunch. We decided to sit outside even though there was light rain off and on. The staff checked on us frequently to let us know they would be happy to move us inside. After browsing the menu we could not decide between all of the amazing menu items so we asked the server what he recommended - he was great. Also asked if we had any food allergies or diet restrictions before putting our order in. Even though we did not, I was impressed that he asked. Coffee is excellent! The weekend brunch special recommended by our server was a pulled pork sausage braised in maple & soy on a bed of grits with  greens and a sunny side egg on top. Absolutely incredible. You can tell they really care about the food they prepare and the service as well. Can't wait to come back next time I am in town!Finally had a chance to try this place after reading about it and hearing about it the last few months. I always think it's a hassle to get to Logan Square from Lincoln Park, so I never bother unless it's going to be a special occasion. My friend and her family were visiting from HK, so decided to take them here. Came on a Monday night, and around 6, so there was absolutely no wait, even for a party of 6. I ordered the Eye in the Sky whiskey cocktail, which has Thai chili and mint in it-- very sweet, but I requested for extra chili for a strong kick to balance it out. Sooooo dang good. One of my favorite cocktails I've had here! But then again I've been loving spicy drinks for the last year or so. 'Had the greens and melon salad, bone marrow, ricotta gnuddi, the braised rabbit. For big plates, we got soft shell crab, seared hebi, and NY strip steak. Overall, the presentation of everything was amazing and my friend's family really liked the steak, bone marrow and hebi.I think this place would be great for a date, but I don't think I'd want to do a big group here again, the food was more suitable for individuals or couples rather than everybody trying a bit of something.Been here a few times and I'll keep going back. Personally I would stick with the small plates and just order a bunch of them. The bar snacks are great too. I've had somewhat varying experiences and that's normal. If you order 6-8 plates some will be better than others. Maybe one or two may be underwhelming. It can happen. However the last time I was here each and every plate was a hit. So that means they are still trying and they are still evolving. The menu changes seasonally and the nature of a restaurant means that there will be some experimentation and some times a dish may not work for you. Every now and then something may not go perfectly. Now that they are on Michelin Guide's radar I'm sure they are working very hard on maintaining consistency. Technically the Michelin star diners can drop in unannounced. But I think word gets around sometimes and also I'd bet they'd have a hard time blending in here. I can only hope this place doesn't sell out or become complacent. The owners already kind of have sold out with Parson's chicken and fish. Hope they don't screw this up.It wasn't BAD, it just wasn't what everyone talked it up to be. Meh. The bone marrow had some extra's that weren't needed and kind of took away from the goodness of straight up marrow. The fried chicken was tasteless and whipped Sriacha doesn't impress me and make up for that. The desserts were awesome though! I'd only go back for just the dessert, straight up! Overall I'd rather spend that kind of cash at a place I like more, so I doubt I really go back. It wasn't BAD, again, just kind of meh.I'd give it 2.5 stars if I could, the dessert knocks it up a pinch and parking is easy if you know the area well enough. Service was good too, so at least tip them well.We came here for my roommate/friend's birthday and we had a phenomenal time. Only negative is that they don't take reservations and will not sit you down until your whole party is there. At busy places this is pretty standard but it's still a pet peeve of mine. This is why our party ended up eating at the bar(there were 8 of us). This is pretty standard, I've come to realize because all the staff was used to it and it flowed from us having drinks at the bar to us eating dinner really smoothly. The bartender was phenomenal, went through explaining how all the drinks we ordered were made, all his favorites on the menu and even gave us all a complimentary shot to celebrate the birthday girl. We had almost everything on the menu and I'll share a couple of my favorites.Beef Tartare = winBraised Rabbit = winFried Chicken Roulade = winAlso, the manhattan is phenomenal.I think this was the first time I'd ever been to a Michelin-starred restaurant. But it's also possible that eating brunch at one (especially one that reads as another pork-centric gastropub) doesn't count.Longman & Eagle's brunch (read: menu split into breakfast, lunch, and booze) is served every day of the week. I love that! And so does everyone else - early on a Tuesday afternoon, I was shocked by the healthy crowd of patrons. Apparently in Chicago, expecting quiet restaurants during awkward weekday hours doesn't work. Still, the place is gigantic (they have an inn!) and the friendly hostess seated us immediately.The bloody mary was excellent. It was served with a tiny glass of what tasted like PBR. I had no idea what to do with it, but upon tasting the perfectly spiced bloody mary, destroying it by turning it into a michelada would've been a horrible idea.The Tete de Cochon was a roulade of tender pork ringed with a gelatinous layer of head cheese, topped with a sunny side up egg, baby arugula, parsley, and a prawn - and the best part, bathed tableside in lemony, porky jus that pulled it all together. This was delicious - a translation of something that looks a bit more "cuisine" but still fully satisfies the comfort-and-familiarity requirements of Brunch (and its eaters). Actually, the brunch menu still leans toward familiarity. Get their versions of challah French toast or eggs benedict if you need; the Tete de Cochon, having both French and pig's head in its name, may have been the most "exotic" item. I thought my friend's pork belly torta was unexciting - but then again, my life maybe includes amazing tortas too regularly.Prices were so reasonable. At home, another tired brunch plate would've cost the same $14 as my lively, beautiful plate here! To boot, the bloody mary was served in a pint glass and $8. God, NYC, why??Had to try this place out as I have read glowing reviews about it for a while now and my sister, who lives in Logan Square, consistently raves about it.  Some of the experience was great and some was meh.  We arrived towards the end of brunch service on Saturday during a holiday weekend, around 2:15, and there was not much of a wait.  Presumably, everyone was at Navy Pier.  We were warned; however, by the hostess that we would have to order right away as the kitchen would close soon.  Understandable.  Mistakes with drink orders and a server unfamiliar with the cocktail menu seemed to push off our ordering to the point where every time she came back, another item was 86'd.  At that point we just rattled off our orders to get them in, chicken and waffles with potato hash and pulled pork and over-easy egg over grits and collards.  Our food came a full half hour later and some of it was lukewarm at best. Sitting in the pass for a while, huh? The taste was still pretty good but it was disappointing because it could have been wonderful.  Also, it seemed as though people were arriving and ordering food after us so I don't see what the big production was with our party.  The just ok service and the dramatics made me feel like there was an heir of "you are lucky we let you eat here" so that is why I gave a three.  Price was average, food was average by the time it got to the table.  Drinks were ok, wish I had gotten the manhattan instead of the old fashioned though.I won't skirt around the truth. I don't understand half of the items offered on the menu. First I was here for beer with friends. Then I was here for a dinner date. Last, I was here for breakfast. Longman & Eagle is just crowded. I don't care who goes there or how the staff behaves. I'm just frustrated with the sushi restaurant style seating. Again, you're literally right on top of the person sitting next to you. The last time I came here for breakfast, my friend needed more room without saying (he's a big guy) so thankfully we were seated a reasonable distance away from the people next to us. The best time to visit for dinner is to get there just before the kitchen is ready to serve it. My boyfriend at the time had brought me here and it was nice to be seated and have the room to spread out. It was winter and when you have big bulky jackets, it's nice having the room to keep them next to you. I don't think they have a coat check anyway. The sun sets through the windows during this time of year, and it will cast a cozy warming light across your table.  Like I said, I never remember what I've ordered, but everything that comes out of the kitchen is either good, or a surprising experience. Not bad, but something I don't care to revisit. The one dish I have never had, but I see lots of people ordering, is the bone marrow appetizer. I just can't forget a large bone standing erect or perpendicular to a plate while watching diners gaze curiously before they penetrate the center of its contents with a fork. I can't tell if they wonder what the appropriate way is to eat it; or if they are having second thoughts regarding the texture alone. Nevertheless, it's awesome watching people eat it. I've seen this two times and I don't suspect it will ever get old.I feel like if I ask my waiter to explain my dish further, that I won't want to eat it. It's best for me to just have it served and eat it. Again, I would never say that anything here is bad, just not filling. I was raised on large breakfasts and I am a meat and potatoes girl. All of the dishes served here are a little too small for my taste. I would say they charge too much as well, but I think they just put a lot of work into making their odd meat choices moist and tender enough to eat. Rather, the cuts of meat they're using.  I wouldn't try this for breakfast, but if you visit here for dinner, bring a case of cold PBR for the kitchen. They just might return the favor. I have the kinds of mixed feelings for Longman and Eagle which will always keep me coming back. I like how this restaurant is always keeping my tastebuds on their toes, and my sense of food texture  always in the dark in terms of what's to come. I love it!The beef tartar is amazing.  It's like a mini big mac.... it's like a mini...mac.Listen I know you guys are hip and Michelin rated. That doesn't mean you need to avoid giving good service because your food and drinks are exquisite.Other places with such high ratings work for it.Our service was assuming, snobby and barely average.Your bartender with dark hair, pretty, pale skin and red lipstick doesn't make eye contact, doesn't smile and is offended when you ask a question. Then drops the check on the bar without saying thank you. You should have your Michelin star removed for that kind of service. I worked at 2 shitty normal Irish pubs during school for 10 years and if I ever served like that I would get yelled at and rightfully so. I made great money because I treated our customers thankfully for coming in.Remember this: These are your clients, not your enemies. Act accordingly.Then our server was ok but our meal was $155 and she didn't even ask how it was and did not sincerely thank us for coming in. Just kept asking if we wanted more drinks when our glasses were still half full. These are expensive, sipping cocktails, not "jack and cokes".An example: when you begin the service, based on what the client wants to drink, talk about what you love or based on typical preferences : boozy, sweet, tarte, whatever make it up just make it look like you give a shit.Once the drinks are delivered , sure ask about food but ask about what the clients like, more meaty/veggie/spicy portion size. This is not fast food, this is an expensive once in a rare time meal and you're making it seem like we just eat here all the time and buy a tiny $18 "cauliflower entree".When different servers would put the dishes on the table, they would just drop them on the table, not make eye contact and go off a recorded line about what the food is with zero feeling. Pretty bland and unattractive for clients. This review is obscenely long but I was so aggravated from being a server for 10 years and watching everyone take advantage of the blessed situation they have to make so much money and serve delicious food in an amazing atmosphere instead nearly everyone tonight acted as if they were owed for even showing up.Meh. That's definitely describes it. The service was unbelievably slow. It was a Monday night and the place was crowded but not jammed. I can't imagine what it would be like on a Saturday. For the most part the quality of the food was good but most of the offerings were so weird, there wasn't much to choose from. I got the burger which was delicious and my beef fat fried fries would have been fantastic, (you could really taste the beef) except they were so salty I couldn't eat them. And I LURRRVE salt so that's saying a lot. Plus, lots of dorks taking pictures of their food. Seriously??? It's food. It'll all be poop in the morning. Get over it.The safe word is WHiskey.  Indeed, this is a gastropub aka gastrolounge through and through (High end food and drinks).  If you couldnt tell by the name... Little history, The Eagle was the name of the first bar where the term Gastopub was used.  But the main attraction here for me is whhhhiskey.  The bar is a great place to try all your favorite bourbon's while eating a very creative and high end menu.  They have a whole page of $3 whiskey shots.  As for the food, the plate selections are on the formal side.  Meaning one where you cant pronounce any of the dishes.  On a positive, I heard the sloppy Joe was da bomb!I got a very tasty and unusual pretzel. With a variety of different whiskeys including a rye whiskey straight off the still.  Everything was enjoyable.  Wish i could have tried more.  Think the place has a lot more to offer than shots and pretzels.  I'll consider venturing next time.This is what dining out is all about. From nose to tail, Longman & Eagle is a top-notch dining experience. It may have a Michelin star to its name, sure, but the fine folks at L&E don't need your fancy white tablecloths, your complex reservation system, or your belief that a shot of whiskey should cost ten-fifty. Instead, L&E is a come, wait, eat, enjoy type place. Your meal should amble along. Your conversation should be a focus. Your drinks should be refreshing. And your food should be good, damn good.L&E keeps ridiculously long hours, which is a good thing. Coming during peak times (weekend brunch, nightly dinner) will cost you in value money of time. Both the interior and exterior dining areas are small, much more conducive for parties of 2 to 4. Reservations can be made only if you're staying at L&E's inn.But if you're faced with a wait, that's okay. Spend some quality time at the bar instead. L&E is a whiskey/bourbon lover's paradise. It offers a multitude of shots (size, not consumption time) for a mere three Washington's. Not that there's not good stuff, too. Staring at the bar back is enough entertainment for me. L&E also offers cocktails, a plethora of draught, bottle and can craft beers, and a wine list to boot.Service is first rate from entry to exit. The hostesses were graciously accommodating as we bounced back between a 2 and 4 table request, the bartender was delightfully cheeky, the waitress was amazing at getting our raucous table through the night.But if the rating were solely about the food, L&E would still score a five-star review. L&E may have a Michelin Star to its name, but prices are surprisingly reasonable. If I had to make a comparison, I liken it to the amazing Barley Swine in Austin. Once you get that first dish, you'll be a believer.We splurged on a few appetizers, the highlight being the roasted marrow bones. I'd put L&E's a cut below Au Cheval, but better than Purple Pig. The bones were smaller than the latters', but the accompanying bacon shallot jam was divine. Other underrated aspects of the appetizer selection was the chile vinaigrette plus whipped feta combination in the spring melon and cucumber salad, the perfectly fried quail egg atop the ricotta gnuddi, and the exultingly melt-worthy goodness of the cheese gourgeres.Honestly, you could make your living on small plates alone. We tried but two main courses, the fried chicken roulade and the famous wild boar sloppy joe. The crispy skin encasing the roulade puts fried chicken joints like Harold's to shame, not to mention the "High Life" gel that you'd probably drink after eating Harold's--yes, that's Miller's finest. Who needs duck fat fries? L&E's tribute to McDonald's past goes beef-fat fries, which are as good as they sound. The sloppy joe is certainly interesting. Paying 15 bones for a sloppy joe is a little like paying 10 bucks for a glorified frito pie at Au Cheval. But take away that percunious mentality and you have a dang fine sloppy joe.Longman & Eagle is one of the best meals you'll have in Chicago. I'm glad to have checked it off my bucket list, and it's now a worthy addition to my Chicago must list.S. and I were in Chicago for the Memorial Day weekend and on our last day, we came to eat here after reading many reviews about Longman & Eagle on Yelp and Lonely Planet Travel Guide. There were not many people in for the holiday so we were seated right away.We shared the Venison Pate to start off with, along with the Wild Boar Sloppy Joe and Beef Fat Fries for an entree. For dessert, we had the Pumpkin Pain d'Epice Waffle, Pumpkin Jam, Orange-Molasses Chantilly, Fried Hazelnut, Pumpkin-Curry Ice Cream, Pumpkin Brulee. For our drinks, we tried their Longman & Eagle Rotating Selection and dessert wine that I do not remember the name of.Everything was great. Or so we thought... I had Food Poisoning later that night!!!!!!! S. began to have food poisoning the next morning, which was not pleasant on our fly back to NYC. We have been slowly recovering for the past 4 days and our stomachs are still sensitive...Needless to say, we will not be coming back the next time we are in Chicago.The only place I could find open for dinner at 10:30 pm on 4th of July, and SO GLAD IT WAS. This was amazing, everything we ordered was excellent. We ordered the tete de cochon, which was so tasty and texture was incredible. Also recommend the cucumber and melon salad! I also tried my new favorite beer here, La Folie. No complaints, everything was great.The good:Cocktails are fantasticHad the old fashion and it was done to perfection. The Average:The food was just average. Went with 3 others and shared a bunch of plates. They claim that it's a place for sharing dishes but non were served convenient enough for a group to share. The dishes sound very interesting but they just don't hot the spot. The bad:They will not put your party On the waiting list till all are present.I went to Longman & Eagle on a Sunday morning for brunch. Unfortunately, there was some confusion and our name was not actually put on the list (which we found out ~30min later). This was upsetting, but the manager took care of us and we were seated right away. The food was good, I had the smoked salmon benedict with house potatoes. I really enjoyed the fennel/red onion/apple slaw that accompanied it. I also enjoyed the gingerbread rooibos tea, but it was definitely not worth the high $$. My boyfriend loved the side of grits he ordered with his PBR breakfast.Longman & Eagle was good, but not great. Logan Square is a bit of a trek to get to and we had to drive around a few times to find a parking space. I would be more inclined to return if they took reservations.Only had a drink at the bar as the kitchen was closed for a few hours in the afternoon. The hustler was nice & strong. Can't wait to return for the food. The place did get a bit overwhelming around 5pm, but I take that as a good sign.If you're lucky enough to squeeze through the salivating throngs of chic nouveau,do yourself a favor and order that magnificent Bourbon fizzy drink they call "The Imagined Spring". Then wash that down with some fried chicken, duck fat biscuits with siracha.The service is apt, handsome and obviously passionate about their craft... and why shouldn't they be?Local businesses that go the extra mile to provide a top shelf experience always get a gold star to the forehead from me. The required, but bonus is when they're welcoming and the product stands out from the glut of me too.Chicago is a place full of great gastropubs, restaurants and gems just popping up all over the place! I stumbled across this restaurant when doing a quick research before my business trip out to Chi-town and thought I just had to go. I even felt reassured when I went to Bavettes (OMG Delish btw) and the server said that this place was where I needed to be.  So you can imagine my surprise when I was left with a disappointed palette, not so great customer experience, and a pricey tab to top it off.The food: it's dressed up pub food.. the scene here is drinks.. they do have an awesome drink list (and prices to match the fancy concoctions).  But the food is essentially something you'd have when you're thowing back a few at a local tavern, except it's prettied up.. example: Steak tartare.. their version of the big mac.. a brioche bun, minced meat, a special sauce, diced up pickles, potato shoe string fries, and aerated cheese.  Creative? Absolutely! To die for flavors? not at all.. props to making it taste like a big mac, literally!  But it completely lost the flavor of the tartare.. after adding all the sauce, bun, etc you are left with an overpriced big mac for a portion of the size.  You'll get heavy items there too like bone marrow, beer battered smelt, and even sloppy joes.. but nothing stuck out.. while drinking yes, it will hit the spot.. but it will also hit your wallet's spot too for how pricey it is for the quality of what you get.The drinks: As mentioned.. awesomeness! Creative drinks, innovative flavors, and a scene to match.. but pricey.  The service: Overall it was okay.. at first it appeared average.. nothing bad stuck out, but then again the server didn't go over the top to stick out either, which is fine.  But here's what rubbed me the wrong way.  The tables are quite close together, so towards the end of my meal, I overhear our server telling this table that just sat down about their drink specials.. we're talking about $1 beers and something else ridiculously cheap.. maybe $2 or $3 whiskey shots? Either way, I was confused because she didn't proactively mention that to our table. When I asked her if that special just came on, thinking it might be a late night happy hour offer, she said no.  She continued to say that she didn't bother mentioning it as I didn't look like I would drink a cheap beer or whiskey.  Stereotyping.. hmm I wasn't a fan of that.. I was there for business and dressed professionally but that doesn't give her the right to pick for me what I want..and I really wasn't a fan of that fact that she continued to let us order $15-$19 drinks per round, when I would have thrown a cheap beer back easily if I knew they had an awesome deal going on.  For how much awesome food and drinks Chicago has to offer, I would look elsewhere to see what places you can find. 4 drinks total and 2 small plates later, we were looking at a $100 bill..... If you do decide to come here, make sure you proactively ask what the specials areL&E gets 3 stars, because for such a swanky place it should really be much better.We were a large group, and we had difficulty getting seated in the middle of the week without one member of our party. Not the restaurant's fault, but then don't agree to seat us, tell us that you're clearing a table for us while we wait for the last person, then keep putting us off like it's taking a long time to clear the table. I saw it, it's clear.The appetizers menu was not my favorite, nor anyone else's in the group. The first ingredient of each item sounded good, but then the second, third and fourth did not. Like brains.The entrees were delicious. I had the steak with beef cheek (you really have to be adventurous here!) and everyone else enjoyed their entrees, too.The server was great - took great care of us, explained all our dishes to us, and generally made sure we enjoyed our meal.Lesson learned? Come as a twosome, and be prepared to wait, even on a Tuesday.Atmosphere is awesome on a summer Friday night. My fiance got an old fashioned and it was STRONG. Loved watching the bartender (Anne) make it: you can tell that Longman & Eagle values ingredients. My drink had a sprig of hand-foraged Thai basil in it. (I get that hand-foraged is the hipster way of saying hand-picked, but I don't care. I'm a sucker for snobbery.) We took our drinks out to the patio and enjoyed the people watching! We'll be back to try some of the munchies.Went to L&E with some friends after work for happy hour / dinner.  We started at the bar with a round of drinks while waiting for our table.  Beer/cocktail prices are average for this type of establishment. ($6 and $10 respectively).  We were then seated at our table and our waitress Elisabeth walked us through the menu.  We started with small plates:  * Housemade Venison Paté, Pickles, Sourdough Tartines* Beef Tartare, Special Sauce, Lettuce, Pickles, Sesame Seed Bun, Shoestring Fries* Roasted Marrow Bones, Bacon Shallot Jam, Preserved Meyer Lemon, Sea Salt, Sourdough Toast* Ricotta Gnuddi, Black Pepper Cream, Roasted Garlic Tuile, Lardons, English Peas, Lemon Gel, Fried Quail Egg* Tete de Cochon, Five-Spice Mustard, Sunnyside Duck Egg, Picked Parsley, Pickled Shallot* Pave of Crispy Berkshire Pork Belly, Manilla Clams, Spanish Chorizo, Black Garlic, Artichokes, Pickled Ramps, White Wine NageAll were great!  The pate, was smooth and well-seasoned.  the Beef tartare tasted like the best big mac ever.  The Marrow was silky and paired perfectly with the bacon shallot and meyer lemon.  The ricotta gnuddi was creamy and came topped with shaved black truffles.  The Tet de Cochon was delicious paired with the spicy mustard and rich duck egg.  Finally the pork belly paired with chorizo garlic and artichokes was amazing. Not too salty. For a main course I ordered the burger: Slagel Family Farms Burger, Aged Widmer's Cheddar, North Country Bacon, House made Sesame Seed Bun, Beef Fat Fries.  The burger was great, juicy and a great mix of salty and creaming from the bacon and cheddar.  The beef fat fries were also great (if artery clogging), having a truly "beefy/meaty" flavor.Overall I was happy with everything, though I feel the food, while high quality is a little overpriced.  A few others at our table got entrees that were in the $29-$32 range, and while good would of been more appropriately priced at $20ish dollars.  Likewise the burger should be priced at $10-$12.Otherwise I appreciate that L&E has wide variety of beverages from $17 craft beer to $2 PBR, and 40+ whiskeys that are $3 a shot every day.Amazing chicken and waffles.  Enough said.We went here for dinner on a Friday. Luckily there was no wait so we were seated right away. THE DRINKS...are STRONG! I'm kind of a lightweight so I could probably have split the drink with 2 other people and still walked out drunk. Needless to say I didn't finish my drink but it was delicious. I can't remember the name but it was some type of citrus drink infused with several different liquors. The food is very different. It comes out in different shapes and the portions aren't as large as the prices insinuate. First, I should preface with the fact that I've never had so much foie gras in my life. I think I had more foie gras in the hour I was eating here than the past 27 years of my existence and IT WAS DELICIOUS! We start out with some small plates-scallops w/ foie gras, lobster canneloni, and burrata. We asked the server if it would be enough for us for dinner. It wasn't. I think this would've been a good pre-workout meal it was pretty small. However, the food is very artistic. The scallops were arranged on only one side of the plate with truffle and lard designs. The burrata came with a truffle butter/spread which was to die for but again small. And the lobster canneloni was decorated with small veggies. The food was great but wasn't enough to qualify as a filling meal. So we ordered the fried chicken. This was an itneresting one...They molded the chicken in a circle shape and served it with whipped sriracha that looked like a salmon colored whipped cream. The taste was just like sriracha but not as heavy. It also came with some high life gel which alone tastes awful. However, when you mixed it with the modified chicken, it gave it a nice kick in your mouth. To end the evening we ordered the foie gras ice cream and apple tart. I never knew fat flavored ice cream could taste so good but it did! I didn't care too much for the apple tart or the clear gel or the vanilla cube that came with it but the ice cream was a creamy indulgent "I probabaly shouldn't eat this" kind of amazing.Party of 4 on a Tuesday night and we couldn't be more satisfied. From the cozy, dimly lit atmosphere, still very casual, to the variety of mixed drinks and whiskies this place never fails to impress. We ordered many dishes and all were good, but the highlight of the night for me was the chicken roulade and the steak tartare. Service was excellent and must say it is very consistent every time we go.I just can't stop reviewing this place.  It's crazy I'm writing my fourth review but sometimes in life you find a place that you just can't stop writing and talking about.Once again we mustered our guts to brave the dreaded Saturday night wait.  It was a spectacular night in Chi-Town so I was expecting crowds.The friendly hostess once again informed me it was a 2 to 3 hour wait.  As usual, I held my breath, smiled, and said - "no problem".Incredibly enough there was an empty seat at the bar that quickly became my home for the duration of the wait. A seat at the coolest bar in town now meant I was totally ok with waiting the 3 hours.  Whiskey Cocktails, here we come.  The plaid clad bartenders were doing what they do best and I was ready!  One whiff of "New Ally" and I knew it was going to be a great night.  This was a bold and strong cocktail, entirely smooth and the best drink of the night.  My husband stuck with his favorite the "Old Fashioned".Guy sitting at the bar ordered dinner.  It was the Fried Chicken Roulade and was quickly confirmed to be a "do not miss" dish.Drink #2 was the dry and very interesting vermouth based "The Forded River".  My husband decided he definitely need to give "New Ally" a try.  Given this was to be a long wait, we decided to order a small dish.  We are both great fans of gruyere cheese and the warm cheese gougeres were divine.We only ended up waiting a little over an hour!!!!!            I don't know how but every dinner here is more amazing than the last time.  We simply have to start with Slagel Family Farms Meatballs because neither one of us can get enough of this dish.  Make sure to scrape all the sauce using your fingers.  It was a toss up for the next dish and thankfully I chose the amazing Slagel Family Farm Lamb Tartare.  It came topped with a quail egg, remoulade, and mustard foam.  I mixed it all in and scooped it onto toast bits.   Ohhhhhh, and that's all I can say about that!  My husband tried the Nichols Farms Asian Pear Salad which he enjoyed.  The grand finale had undoubtedly have to be the Oh yeah Fried Chicken Roulade and it did not disappoint!!  There was duck fat biscuits and amazing lightly whipped potatoes, cipollini onion and a whole lot of amazing.   During dinner we moved over to the house cocktails and "Para Todo Bien Tambien" and "Good Day Sunshine" were just fine......  Wish we had room for desssert but we were totally stuffed.  Guess there's always next time.I love whiskey and I love bone marrow. I do crave their bone marrow sometimes, and this review is being written during one of those cravings. Meat is cooked to perfect temperature only, beef is medium rare and pork is moist and barely pink on the inside. Cannot imagine any gastropub food surpassing this place. All dishes are perfect, beautiful, balanced and creative. And did I mention the whiskey?These folks don't mess around.  Not everything is great but the things that are great are truly extraordinary.  I particularly loved the marrow bones and the tete de cochon.  There is little to be said about them except that they are bright, rich, flavorful, interesting, and you must eat them.  The beef tartare, styled to look like a Big Mac, was hilarious but also not very good.  (The flavors didn't meld and the texture was uniform and mushy.)  I hope they had fun making it at least.I liked it enough to come back for a snack two days later, and this time I had the transformative burrata.  It might be the best burrata I have ever have.  But independent of that, it is also surely the best use of black truffles I have ever had -- the truffle vinaigrette was strong enough to offset the richness of the burrata and made the two of them a savory dream.  Highly recommended.Finally, a word about cocktails.  On trip two I had a superb mezcal cocktail.  But on trip one I was repeatedly led astray by my waiter.  I asked him about the mezcal cocktail and one of the more interesting whiskey cocktails and he insisted that I had to order the Old Fashioned, for which they were famous.  Really?  This seemed so implausible to me, but I made the mistake of trusting his judgment.Fortunately, he came back and asked me about my cocktail, I told him that it was too sweet (and boring).  So he happily replaced it with ... a manhattan.  Which was still boring, but not quite as sweet.  I wonder if it is something wrong with me, that caused the waiter to think I might want one of the two most boring cocktails on their menu.  In any event, don't trust your waiter.  But you can eat and drink very well here.Opened in 2010, this gastropub just next to Chicago's Logan Square station (on the Blue Line from O'Hare airport) has scored a Michelin star for each of the past four years. We had brunch there after finding it completely by luck, looking for a spot to get out of the rain. Sensational dishes, amazing confit duck and a pork special with grits. Good wine selection and the friendly bar staff certainly know how to make cocktails. The service was efficient, we got seated immediately (midweek) and we enjoyed every mouthful.Lamb tare tare with the quail egg was delightful.  The others really like the gnocchi and bone marrow.  I personally wasn't a fan of the boar sloppy joe, but other that that it was a delightful meal!Great service and recommendations.  I will have to makes this a regular on my way to the airport!No other restaurant has omelets that taste like this!!!!!!! Oh my god. This place beats the Bongo Room by miles. It's my new Saturday morning restaurant. I had the cauliflower lentil as well. Perfect. Eat well Chicago.I have so much respect for these guys. My first job, here in Chicago, was at L&E. I only worked here for a short amount of time. Really long hours and crazy business.All I have to say is that the level that these guys work at in such a small space is really amazing. These guys have to stay really focused and work really hard to achieve what they have created which is a little magic in the Logan Square area.Come here early whether it be for brunch or dinner. This is a must because Longman is stacked all the time and that's the only way to avoid a long wait.Service is great though. The food is magical, well thought out and very seasonal... always something new on the menu. If there was one Person I would give a shout out to it would be the pastry chef, Jeremy. Take your time to try all of the desserts. His plates are always a crazy combination of flavors that come to you disguised as beautiful art pieces.... They never dissapoint.I don't drink... But obviously this spot is well - known for it's bar items.Believe.... give it a chance, get there early and enjoy yourself.I had the bacon burger that was absolutely delicious however my boyfriend had the foie gras...needless to say I left very satisfied with my decision and he was still hungry after. Definitely an acquired taste.Def experienced better. Totally overrated. Long wait and huge disappointmentHad an amazing first meal here..Then I came for brunch and found the food to be pretty good yet disappointing. I got some pasta-like dish (I didn't realize it would come like this). Not very inventive but still very good!I just have to take one star off. Right now, I find Dusek to be more interesting.4.5 stars.I've been excited about Longman and Eagle for weeks now and I'm happy to say my high expectations were fulfilled!As a whiskey lover, I was of course drawn to the cocktail menu. My drink (the "slam piece") was rich and the allspice added a kick of warmth. Don't be deceived by the small volume of this drink. It was totally boozy. And totally delightful.I didn't anticipate that I would enjoy the food that much here but was pleasantly surprised. I had the venison pate which had great, meaty texture - you won't find that fluffy mouse-like consistency here (which I personally find a tad off-putting). Spread a bit of mustard on your crostini to cut the gaminess of it a bit and it's a perfect bite. Plus, it's a great price ($9) for a quality, hefty chunk of pate.I also didn't anticipate that I would want a dessert but the apple "pop tart" caught my eye: it's served with poached pear, almond custard, and foie gras ice cream. Foie gras WHAT?? I just had to try it. And I'm pretty sure my life is more complete because of it, because it was pure brilliance: it added just the faintest bit of savory richness to pull all the elements of the dish together. Please do yourself a favor and experience this culinary magic.I'm knocking down Longman and Eagle 0.5 star because the bartender kind of gave me a snotty attitude. No one should ever be too hipster for good service. Thankfully, our incredibly accommodating server made up for that. On an unrelated note, make sure that you get here earlier or make reservations ahead of time if you want a seat; the place was fully packed when we arrived late on a Friday night.My late night meal at Longman and Eagle was somewhat bizarre, composed of whiskey, venison pate, and foie gras ice cream. If a business can pull this off, you know you've found something special.Good spot.  I went for dinner one night and had the burger with beef fat fries and a couple of beers.  The burger was perfectly cooked and so flavorful.  The beer selection was amazing and reasonably priced.  The service was swift, helpful and entertaining.  It was a very casual, comfortable vibe throughout the restaurant and I didn't even get a chance to try their brunch nor their whiskeys (which are supposedly excellent).  I thought the food was a bit more than I wanted to pay but the quality, service and atmosphere compensated nicely.  I will definitely be back at some point.This place is so good that I can not review it. Just go there.... Taste quality quality tasteThe bestI'm a foodie on a budget so Alinea is not in the foreseeable future. Luckily, there is Longman and Eagle where I can experience fine dining without breaking the budget .Longman and Eagle uses advanced cooking techniques and ingredients seen from the likes of Top Chef by taking a twist on American classics. I had a braised short rib and tenderloin served with foie gras, horseradish whipped potatoes, fried bone marrow, and a beer consomme. Foie gras and sous vide tenderloin for only $32 - that's an awesome deal. The meal was a take on meat and potatoes but sophisticated. The presentation alone was satisfying and each component of the dish was well thought out. The same meal could easily be charged double in downtown Chicago.There are also several small plates and bar items to choose from to offset the cost. For the price and quality of food they are dishing out, it's no wonder that Longman and Eagle doesn't take reservations and has over 1000 reviews on Yelp.I liked Longman & Eagle, I really did. Stopped in for brunch and was quoted a 60-90 minute wait on a Sunday around noon. No big deal, it was a nice sunshine-y Chicago day and the Logan Square's Farmer Market provided a nice distraction for a bit of time. The wait time was really accurate and we were seated an hour later. The food was good, I really liked that the french toast was not the overly sweet sugar bomb you find at many brunches but instead constructed a complex dish with honeycomb, pine nut brittle, and goat cheese chantilly. The fact that it was well-balanced was nice because I also shared the roasted cauliflower dish. So why the 3 stars? One is the wait, yes I expected it, but it's still long. Second, neither dish stood out. The beer list is impressive and if you're in for a beer and whiskey brunch it's probably worth it.I had brunch on a Friday morning. No wait. The feel of the restaurant is casual, but with the dark woods and quills of arrows hanging about, it also felt classy like a cigar lounge or a cabin, without the smoke or woodsy smell. As you walk in, you see the long, dark wood bar and soft lighting that adds to this rustic feel. I ordered the Fried Chicken and Waffles, and I have tried this dish many other places like Fork and Acre as well as Wolf Peach in WI, and I can say that their take on this sweet and savory dish has been the best. The chicken skin is seasoned well with herbs and spices that heighten it's crispy yet light texture. The chicken itself is cooked well, juicy and not over- or underdone. The waffle underneath it all was a good size and what you'd expect from a waffle. The nice surprise on the dish is the sweet potato and pork belly hash. The pork belly is cooked up crispy and the potatoes were cooked perfectly--sweet and not too soft or crispy. This hash added to the sweet and savory flavor explosion without making it overwhelming. In fact, it kind of balanced the sweetness from the maple syrup, which was good but maybe if they added some spice to it the dish could be a little more complex.The other dish we had was the housemade sausage. It was one link, but pretty good size. It was tasty and definitely a fancy version of breakfast sausage you can't find most places. The other dish we had was the Duck Egg and Duck Confit. The duck egg was rich, of course, and there was this light, almost sweet and herbal sauce that tied it all together in a salty and yummy bow. I can tell why this place would be so popular for dinner. Their seasonings and preparation are spot on for well-thought out, tasty plates. I have no complaints about service or food. I will be back very soon!My bf and I woke up hella early because we initially thought we had 9am resies here.  We trekked on the subway from our downtown hotel and made our way out to this god forsaken joint.  We were the first ones here so we got seated immediately (they don't take resies).  I got the foie french toast because why not.  The bf had the whole hog... or more like a quarter hog because it was so dainty.  The french toast was good but had no foie taste at all.  So why even bother using foie as an ingredient???  You just wasted some perfectly good duck liver that some Californians would kill for!  Just stop being pretentious and call it a plain french toast!But that's not what destroyed my experience here.  What's worse is that we didn't get the complimentary amouse they were giving everyone else!  Sure, it was just some kind of crumb on a spoon but if the rest of your customers are getting it, why shouldn't I have the equal opportunity to try it or trash it?  Is it because my bf and I were not hipster enough for this place?  Because lord knows this joint is hipster enough for the entire city of Chicago.  In fact, this is probably where hipsters are exiled to.My point is that unless you're staying right across the street and every other restaurant is closed in the city, you don't need to waste stomach space here.I loved all of the aspects of my dinner at Longman & Eagle this week, but it's a definite possibility that some of the best parts were pure luck and not anything I can hang my hat on.Our group of four arrived around 7:30 on a beautiful Tuesday evening and were shocked that a four-top was available on the patio. With all the reviews saying that the wait can be long, I was prepared to have to grab a drink at the bar! Not the case.I had noticed how loud the indoor area was just during the few seconds we stood at the host stand, so the smaller, quiet outdoor patio was a welcome area. Part of my love for this place might be the beautiful weather that accompanied our visit, but an Old Fashioned from a place known for their whiskey makes everything even better, so I'll give it to Longman & Eagle.Our waitress was fantastic - wish I could remember her name. She made several drink recommendations based on preferred flavor profiles and didn't make us feel rushed whatsoever. She had it timed perfectly as to when to come back to our table. She also didn't make me feel stupid when I had to ask what the Tete de Cochon was (without even knowing how to pronounce it). I ended up with that and the pretzel bar snack (trying to mix it up a little ;) ) while my fiance got the burger (shocking!). Our friends ordered the battered soft shell crab and the chicken with siracha fluff. It was some crazy stuff but looked and tasted delicious! My tete de cochon was jam-packed with flavor; it was pig cheek and jaw and was just incredibly tender, then paired with a sunnyside-up duck egg and some flavorful mustard on the side. I wasn't the biggest fan of the welsh rarebit dipping sauce but luckily the mustard that was served with the man's burger was too spicy for him, so I used that instead and it was perfect.Overall, we walked out of there with a bill around $65 for the two of us, including tip, which I thought was quite reasonable for the drinks and meals we had. I can see how Longman & Eagle would waver between four and five stars based on some elements of your visit (wait time, service), but would say that the food is going to knock it out of the park every time.To start, the makers old fashioned I ordered was perfectly prepared. Well balanced and an all around great cocktail. Our waiter Dave was happy to answer any questions we had and recommended a great Three Ffloyd's collaboration for my beer. The kitchen sent us a caramel and smoked salmon roe amuse bouche that opened our eyes to how much fun this meal would be. The bone marrow and long crab salad to start we're perfect. Creamy marrow with a jam that cut through the fat and balanced the dish. The uni on the salad was a perfect touch and tasted just like the ocean. Our  entrees only exceeded this. The black pepper pasta was the lightest of the three and finished with a fantastic truffle taste. The seared scallops were perfectly cooked and paired great with the foie gras on the plate. The tete de cochon had a house made Chinese 5 spice mustard that brought the pork flavor to the forefront. The praline dessert that the kitchen sent to us had our table smiling and laughing. A perfect dish. It blew my mind. The apple pop tart we ordered paired perfectly with the creamy foie gras ice cream on the plate. Longman and eagle is a Chicago staple for anyone into the good scene, and being as close as it is to the Logan square blue line station is a must visit. I haven't been this happy with a meal in years!I was well on my way to a five star review.   During the over two hour wait for my table the bartender created a drink for me which I had two of.  Once seated I spent over 100 dollars on food in addition to the $80 dollars spent at the bar during the wait.  The food quality was excellent as was the atmosphere, until the manager came to the table to inform me I had been over served and would have to wait indefinitely before I would be served again.  My guest and I were then observed by staff as if we were criminals.  The manager stood guard at the door as we were escorted out.   I frequent the high end restaurants and am a fan of mixology, but I have never been treated like this before and will not be returning here ever again.I have adjusted the rating after some time spent thinking about it....The atmosphere, food and drink selection were great.  One bad experience is not justification for a one star rating so I changed it, but I was not at all happy with the way I was treated.  I did appreciate the email from Bruce.I was excited to go here after many friends had recommended this place. We came around 6:30pm and waited 15 minutes for a table. The service was pretty good but I found the drinks and food seriously lacking. I had the fried chicken roulade. The dish consisted of aerated sriracha, duck fat biscuits, High Life beer jelly, and pressed apple bits. I didn't really care for the presentation as it didn't look appetizing to me.  Before I knew what the aerated sriracha was, I thought what the heck is this Spam looking meat wrapped in deep fried chicken skin laid upon some KY jelly and what is this orange foam doing? The overall taste was greasy and salty and too much sriracha. The beer jelly doesn't have much taste and added nothing. There wasn't any balance to the meal. I would have loved some whipped potatoes with a bit of aerated sriracha on top. And some sort of veggies would have been nice. The only thing I found myself enjoying was the duck fat biscuits. I gave pretty much the whole dish to my husband. I was so disappointed that I just wanted to get out of there. Because there has been so much hype and people seem to enjoy the place - what do you do when you hate your drinks and the dishes? I didn't want to order another dish that I possibly wouldn't have liked and waste money. I just wanted to eat enough to feel full and leave. The waitress came by and asked how everything was, I just kept biting my tongue.  At the end I was so frustrated that I just said to the waitress when she asked how everything was "the meal was fine and it's not my type of food" They comped the chicken which was nice of them but still isn't enough for me to come back.Midway into chomping down a salad with such funky combination as uni and grapefruit, I thought out loud that this was not a typical bourbon bar, as I had been lead to believe.  That's when our friends casually noted that this place had a Michelin star!  Then everything made sense.  And the dishes that followed, which included a salad with spring melon and cucumber paired with whipped french feta, and wild boar sloppy joe, and meatballs slathered with polenta further made that Michelin star grow brighter.  Augmented by their ridiculous bourbon/whiskey list (Pappy!!!), and excellent old fashioned, this made my first Michelin star experience very memorablewill go back for drinks...the dishes are a bit pretentious and overpriced for our taste.  i was excited to try this place because other reviews noted that they have a special vegetarian menu.  it perhaps is available for dinner because for brunch, i had very limited choices (and i don't count mixed greens as a choice).  even the fries are cooked in beef fat so that was not an option for a side to feed my grumbling stomach.  my cauliflower - beluga lentils dish was good but not worth $14... neither was my husband's $21 steak and eggs which he polished off mainly because the serving size was worth about $5.i loved that my blood orange green tea was served in an old-fashioned infuser and loved that our food came out at the speed of light (we were catching an early movie).  service was great, atmosphere was great but we'll be back for drinks (whiskey selection looks fantastic!) and skip the eats next time.Pretty disappointed about this place but maybe because we didn't order the right stuff.  The staff was extremely friendly but the scallops and foie gras was absolutely disgusting, I couldn't eat it.  Also the sloppy joe entree with sweet potato fries were nasty.   The whiskey drinks were on point tho.  Would actually like to give this place another chance because everyone else seemed to be enjoying their food but I left extremely hungry.we got there around 8:30 saturday night.  they don't take reservations so we were prepared to wait.  they said it would be an hour, but we could have a seat at the bar - so we did.  and that's where we ended up ordering.  my wife got some small plates - the warm cheese gougeres - which is sort of like a savory cream puff.  and she also got some sort of deconstructed big mac.  they were both very good.  i got the burger - which sounds pedestrian.  but it's not.  probably one of the best in chicago.  maybe the bun was too bready, but that's me being hypercritical.  i'll be honest.  the menu seemed stuffy and pretentious.  and maybe it is.  but the people behind the bar made it seem much less so, as they are familiar with each item and can kindly and simply talk you through it.also, my wife couldn't decide what she wanted to drink.  so she described a flavor profile and one of the bartenders made her something with vodka.  it was called 'something with vodka'.  and it was great. the whole experience seemed like i was at a tavern.  albeit one that served kickass refined gastronomy.ps.  i was told by a friend to get an old fashioned because it was the best in the city.  two words: worth.  it.Five star experience throughout. Food - excellent and very creative, yet mind blowing for their kitchen size. You can hangout with the kitchen while you wait for the restroom and they are engaging while hammering out dish after dish. Service - Killed it with kindness! They have  multi layers of staff serving you through out your stay. All of them with different (some more outgoing) personalities and all very friendly. Bar - Whiskeysssssssssssssssssss and other stuff too.This review is for the bar only, as my wife and I came for a drink while we were waiting to pick up some friends in the area for dinner. We are big whiskey drinkers, and I have to say that this is a Mecca for whiskey and scotch lovers. We could have stayed here all night and tied on several cocktails.Our two cocktails were the Porch Swing and the Forded River. Both were so so so so smooth. Bottom line is that I'm looking forward to making it back here to try the food so I can give Longman a complete review.Great Food, Whiskey, and Coffee served by hipsters. Always a two hour wait...The wait was a bit long, but we expected that coming in.  It's nice they'll take your number and call you when your table is ready.  This place is definitely about the ambiance and setting.  The low lighting and wait staff give it a nice classy feel.  Very good feel for a date night.  The menu is small, but offers a variety of unique options. Overall our food was good, but not great.  The beer selection is very nice, but overpriced.  Overall my comment is that its worth dining here if price is not a major consideration.  Everything was a little more expensive than similar restaurants that offer the same quality of services and food.  It was small so good for small groups, but I wouldn't recommend trying with larger groups unless you call ahead.  The place was packed the entire time we were there and it is a bit loud so be prepared.  It didn't both us, but that can be a turn off to others.This is another one of those amazing, unexpectedly good restaurants in Logan Square. Don't let the plaid-clad staff and casual ambience fool you; this is some of the best food and drink in Chicago. I started with cocktails: Gilligan's Happy Place and New Ally. Both were delicious, but New Ally is my new favorite cocktail. We had the seared hebi, beef tartare (they were out of lamb), compressed melon salad, and pralined pecan terrine. The flavors were excellent and everything was well executed. No surprise there with their Michelin star...Always great food, service, and cocktail!  There was no wait for a late lunch today!  We had two whiskey cocktails, beers, a delicious melon salad, and the cubano and sloppy joe.  Everything eas super flavorful.  My only complaint is that the cubano, while flavorful, was a little dry.  Great time, and I highly recommend for dining and drinks.Maybe everyone else who's written reviews here has just gotten lucky with the wait time, or maybe my friends and I got unlucky, but my first comment is that you should come prepared to wait for three hours if you're eating at any reasonable dinner hour. If they give you a long wait time estimate, don't expect that they're just under-promising/over-delivering - we were told three hours, and we waited three hours.None of this is a criticism of the restaurant, of course - in fact, I appreciated that their wait time estimate was so accurate. When we did get seated, service was quick and attentive and our food came out shortly after ordering. My friend and I split the lobster parfait and the pork porchetta, and they were both fantastic. The lobster was perfectly cooked and the flavor was excellent, while the pork was melt-in-your-mouth tender and came with shrimp and cheese grits, both standouts in their own right. One slightly negative point was that the bar was so crowded with people waiting for tables that the atmosphere was incredibly noisy and my friends and I had to shout to hear each other. Also, the lighting is really dim - we couldn't even read our menus without pulling out our phones to illuminate them.Overall, delicious, albeit not a meal that I think I'd wait three hours for again. All that being said, I'm glad that I tried it out and would still recommend checking it out if you haven't been before! (But maybe try coming in at 4pm or 10pm, so you don't have to wait so long.)L&E provided an enjoyable brunch experience. Service is spot on, the drink menu is extensive, and the interior has a certain charm to it.We ordered the yogurt parfait, duck hash, and pork special. Everything was good except for the special, which we thought was overly salty/seasoned. Prices are very reasonable though!I was a bit underwhelmed overall because I was expecting more from a 1 star Michelin restaurant, but I still left full and happy =)First off...clever name. Although I don't know what it means, I personally believe it engulfs the "hippiness" that surrounds the Logan Square area. *sigh... Oh you hipsters and your tight jeans waking up at 11am just in time to catch brunch on a Monday, gotta love them. =)So yes, yes... about the establishment - Longman & Eagle...pretty frickin' awesome. Great décor, the service is friendly and fast, and the 100+ selections of fine whiskey that adult beverage consumers would die for are well..... "to die for."I was here for brunch with some friends for a bachelor party (yes, I know...7 men having brunch - no women...just men). I ordered the Ploughman's Platter and I wanted more of it. At a decent price of $13, this platter contained some delicious items: Serrano ham, smoked salmon, baguettes, soft-boiled eggs, and greens. A great experience for someone like myself who really doesn't venture out to try something out of the ordinary quite often. I'm happy that I did in this case. Nothing beats a summer afternoon enjoying adult beverages and good food with great friends - again... it was for a bachelor party, so no women... (are you catching my tone of disappointment and sarcasm???) LOL, I kid, I kid... great friends, nonetheless.But I digress, Longman & Eagle; check them out when you get the chance or if you're in the Logan Square neighborhood. They have a vast menu of great food items to select from and I'm sure they're all as good as the Ploughman's Platter if not better.Longman & Eagleb/t Milwaukee Ave. & Schubert AveOhhhhh Longman and Eagle, you delectable little bar.  I walk past L&E twice a day to and from the Logan blue line for work, and I must say it's rather difficult not to go in for a quick drink or five each time I walk by.The ambience is casual spiked with a bit of hipster trendiness (my only complaint is that some nights the bar is literally chock full of little hipsters pretentiously ordering round after round of malort).  There is the main bar (which I typically patron), however way in the back there is the "microbar" with a paired down drink and snack menu, which is also nice to hang out at.  Everything I've ever had to eat at L&E is fantastic, however my absolute favorite is the duck egg hash for a weekend brunch. With a whiskey cocktail on the side, of course.  Speaking of whiskey, their selection is great and I often toss back a few nicely crafted cocktails and a couple beers (also a great selection) each time I wander in.Highly recommend checking this spot out to everyone and anyone who happens to be in Logan.Great setting kind of a hipster scene. Super awesome waitress not only friendly but knowledgable about her food.I guess lots of ingredients are kept local. Things that stuck out: lamb tartare an interesting starter! Swear it tastes raw but it's fully cooked and seared. Coming back on a non school night to slam some whiskey flights (next time.) $$I've heard so many good things about this place, and thought that I would really like it. It could be that the more exciting items are on the dinner menu rather than the brunch menu.I got the Whole Hog Crepinette, and though it was good, it was nothing to write home about. The portion was very small for the price... dude, it's a hog we're taking about... half a cup  of pulled pork should not cost this amount. My friend got the Garden Omelette. It was good, but nothing special. Maybe I ordered the wrong items?Finally, I can say I've experienced L&E.  Visited on a Monday during lunch.  Seated fairly quickly.  I had the bacon cheese burger.  I consider myself a connoisseur of gourmet burgers and while it was good it just wasn't mind blowing.  I could've made the same burger at home for less money.  There wasn't a "wow" factor.  I regret not trying the wild boar sloppy joe instead.  My co-worker had the Cuban pork sandwich which was a major let down.....no joking it was all bread and mayo..almost no meat!! Haha.. It was like one paper thin slice of ham.  The fresh baked bread was really good though.  Very disappointed overall, but I will be back simply because I know they have good dishes...just none of the ones we chose..ha..Went here for brunch Saturday morning and I think it made my morning!  We showed up around 10am and only waited about 15 mins tops.  We had a table in the far end of the room so no one on one side of us.  This helped because it certainly does get loud in there.  Service was good, food was great.  I definitely want to come back with my husband for dinner, and will certainly come back from brunch.  I am not big into the waiting game so this is only a place I would visit before 10am for brunch and probably no later than 5pm for dinner.  For brunch my girlfriend and I decided to share 2 different meals.  We got Whole Hog Crepinette- I was in whole hog heaven!  This was amazing, this is a must try in my eyes.  Everything about it including the grits were great.  Sunnyside Duck Egg Hash- If we had this and this alone I would be raving about it, but when we compare it to the whole hog crepinette it was good but not fantastic.  A couple of things that didnt sing for me was the vinaigrette that came with it and I am a huge salt fan but felt there was a tad too much on this.  Again, a solid dish that typically I would have loved.  The waitress recommended adding a side of toast for the egg.  We took her up on the suggestion and while I dont think the egg was runny enough to need the toast, the toast was freaking good.  The homemade preserves and whipped butter were great on it.  Overall, we definitely enjoyed our brunch even though it made me go home and lay on the couch for the next 4 hours, but hey, its winter and its cold, what else did I need to do. Can't wait to try some other menu items next time!I can't believe I haven't written my own review for this place.I love it! 5 stars. I finally tried brunch yesterday after having multiple dinners here. Everything I have had is delicious. Burger (multiple times)CubanoBiscuits and gravy My date had the chicken and waffles and they looked amazing! Tasted delicious too.I don't get any of the pretension that others post about. The servers are attentive without being overbearing. I've always had good experiences here. Sometimes there is a very long wait which is my only complaint.This is a fabulous bar/restaurant/inn.  I've been here multiple times, and have to say that I've always enjoyed my time here, even if I include the incredible long 2 hour wait a few days ago for brunch.When they first opened, I came here more often and stayed at bar as the bartenders knew their whiskey and had spot on recommendations.  I've even celebrated my birthday here a few years ago when my first choice of Whistler was packed, and while this wasn't any less packed, we were able to stand and converse better.  But I don't live in the neighborhood, so I don't come here as often as I would like.  During the intervening years, I stayed upstairs in the inn, a staycation if you will.  It was a blast, especially since they would give you a drink coin, first access to brunch in the morning, and a nice cute room.  The food here is also fabulous, even if you are vegetarian like me.  They won't have lots of options, but are willing to work their dishes so you can have something unique.  The last time I was here (which was the 2 hour wait day), was when I tried Cauliflower dish for lunch.  I totally didn't expect the awesome flavor that cauliflower can take on along with the lentils it sits upon.  Mix in a green pesto and some cubes of mango, and it was easily one of the best dishes I've had in a very long time.  Now they even have a overflow area, bar at night, and a donut/coffee shop on weekend mornings.  Its a great way to wait, but just realize if you are vegetarian, the doughnuts are fried  with animal oil.   So I didn't try it, but just as well, because I had room to enjoy my cauliflower dish.  L&E is easily one of my places I recommend to anyone.  It does everything very well, even if you have to deal with the crowds.A must do dinner in Chicago. Drinks were great, food was excellent, and prices very very reasonable!Yep, this place is awesome.  The back bar is low key and chill in the summertime.  Bartenders and waiters have always been friendly.  As everyone knows, the whiskey selection is unparalleled, which is a big draw for me, personally.  Breakfast is my favorite meal to eat here.  I find the food to be a little less complicated than their dinner menu.  Either way, never had anything that wasn't great here, all good.I really like this place because it isn't trying so painfully hard to be cool like a lot of other new spots in the neighborhood, it just is.We randomly stumbled in for brunch on a fine Saturday morning and were seated almost immediately.They have a variety of beers on tap, in addition to some other drinks. Pick your poison. I opted for my most favorite hefe in the world, the Weihenstephaner Hefeweissbier. Boyfriend ordered the Off Color Apex, which he said was a good saison as well. They generously over-pour your beer in its appropriate glass also :)We were given a nice amuse bouche, compliments of the chef. I forgot what it was exactly, but was a vanilla-almond, flan-like spoon of cold sweetness with a sprinkle of something crunchy. Tasty and much appreciated!The french toast was amazeballs. Simply amazeballs. It was sweet, but had a nice subtle hint of tart with the apples and the coffee-crumble like topping just pulled everything together. The bread was crispy on its edges and soft overall. Definitely recommend this.The wild boar sloppy joe was also good and savory and came with a heap of crispy seasoned fries. The boyfriend enjoyed it, but wished that the jalapeno had been incorporated throughout the meat instead of having the whole pepper in the sandwich.Of other comments at the table, I overheard that the porkbelly cubano and chicken and waffles were good as well.Service was polite and accommodating, and their bathrooms have nice refreshing lotion to keep your hands moist after washing. The place fills up quite quickly, and the front of the restaurant was filled with waiters midway through our meal. For reference, we got there shortly after opening and most, if not all of the tables were already filled!Loved the ambience and loved the food. This place can seem totes hipster, but we all absolutely loved its charm.Huge portions and juicy burgers. The waiter was great, he kept refilling my coffee, and I got to eat outside!Over 1300 reviews on this place now.  Not sure how much of a difference this one will make at this point for people who are contemplating a meal here, but here goes.  We've made it here for brunch a few times now.  I love their duck egg hash.  It doesn't look like much, but it will definitely fill you up by the time you finish it.  I also have to acknowledge their Ploughman's Platter, which I had on a previous visit.  It has to be one of the most creative dishes I've seen on a brunch menu.  This review would not be complete without recognizing the hostess today.  She at first told us 20-30 minutes, and after figuring out that it would take at least that long to find another place, we reluctantly put our name on the list.  She told us about the little place they have in the back that serves cocktails and doughnuts and told us she would come get us when it was time.  So as we squeezed our way in, she appeared there right with us and told us that it would be about 10 minutes instead.  10 minutes turned into 10 seconds, as she rushed back again and seated us, at what she called her favorite table in the place.  The doughnuts will have to wait another time, as we didn't even get a chance to order any.My favorite spot in Logan Square.  The food is incredible as well as the cocktails.  These guys did it right: food, drinks, ambiance.  Great brunch too.It was too packed for me at night, so I got my cocktails somewhere else, but I got brunch here twice while I was in Chicago. The food was excellent both times. The duck was fantastic. So were the bloody Mary's.Whiskey for the frisky!After dinner and a movie, I popped into L&E for a nightcap and I'm so happy I did. It was packed when we walked in but the whiskey gods must've heard my prayers since 2 people left right when I walked up to the bar. The ambiance is very cool. Very dark wood decor, dim lighting and all the bartenders looked like off-duty lumberjacks, with big beards and plaid shirts. We were handed drink menus once our booties touched the chairs and we ordered an Old Fashioned (whiskey cocktail) and I had the Disguise. Our bartender was chit-chatting with other people for like 5 min and I had to give the evil eye because I think he forgot about our order. Once he noticed my crazy stare, he mixed the drinks and brought them out. YUM! The Disguise is a citrusy drink for people that don't like to taste liquor but want to get crunk quick. Score! We then ordered the Winter Excess which came in a big-ass wine glass. Another bartender assisted us from this point on and he was amazing. Every time we asked for something, he responded "absolutely!" and with a smile. Feeling fancy! This drink was also amazing with a subtle whiskey flavor, so both my whiskey-loving hubby and a non-whiskey drinker like myself can enjoy. All cocktails were $8! Can't beat that with a stick!We wanted dessert and ordered a crazy pumpkin waffle/brulee concoction that was a little over the top but very unique. I think I had enough pumpkin in that one dish to last me til next Fall. I was rubber-necking and checking out other dishes around me and the food portions looked a little small but beautifully plated and really good. I would definitely come back for dinner but maybe for a birthday/anniversary since the prices are a little higher.Thanks to L&E, we got a little frisky with all the whiskey! (I know, TMI!)We went here for brunch on a Saturday around 11 and found seats at the bar - lucky us :)I was so impressed with the menu, I didn't know what to get so I went to our bartender for a suggestion and he recommended the sunnyside duck egg hash. I was a unsure to be honest because it seemed really heavy but decided to trust our lovely bartender since he said it was his favourite item on the menu. Mimosas & duck confit - I would never have guessed I'd enjoy it so much!Sunnyside duck egg hash comes with duck confit underneath and it was fantastic. The black truffle viengrette was surprisingly strong but super delicious. It took a while but I made sure to finish the entire meal. I did not want to leave a single taste behind.Tete de cochon: I only had a taste but it was fantastic, the lemongrass helped to offset the heaviness of the meal.The environment was really nice and casual, it's a great place for everyone there were couples, families and friends all there.Amazing and I will definitely go back the next time I'm there!Spectacular sips! Bone Marrow small plate was a taste-sensation. Sloppy Joe was thooper thloppy, thooper delicious. Went with boyfriend on a Sunday evening at 6pm. Waited 45min at the backbar with cocktails prior to being seated. Waitress was attentive and sweet, libations were served promptly, grub was was beyond flavorful. Cap the night by grabbing a manhattan. Chest hair to come, yum.My Yelp friend sent me here. I have no idea what I am getting into. Longman & Eagle seemed to be a good choice with all these good Yelp reviews and I was not disappointed.The cozy and welcoming ambiance, the excellent friendly service and of course the amazing selection of drinks.. I had such a good time.With the help of the friendly bartender, I ended up drinking Imperial Pumpkin Smash by Crown Valley Brewery and snacking on Wild Boar Sloppy Joe ($14) Crispy sage, onion, pickled jalapeno, brioche, beef fat fries.The whiskey selection is just amazing and cocktails which I want to try. I guess I have to come back next time when I am in town. Or even just get a room to stay here!Shut yo'r face OSB! For those not in the know, OSB is the "offsite bar" located at the back of Longman & Eagle. They have a pop up sausage shop on Saturdays and a doughnut shop on Sundays. This review update is for the doughnut shop. It's no secret I love L&E in general and I've been jonesing to try the doughnuts. Let me sum it up - O.M.G! I adore Doughnut Vault and Firecakes and until my visit to OSB I haven't found anyone who can even hold a candle to the aforementioned. OSB definitely can, they are a doughnut player and they are freaking serious about it. They don't go for the sugar overload, they don't over glaze everything, they shoot for the density and depth of real flavor. They are good. Really good. They do both yeast and cake doughnuts and rotate the flavors weekly. I got a couple to try and meant to only eat half of each. Um, I ate both. And washed them down with delicious dark matter coffee.  All I can say is that I'm glad they only offer them on Sundays and I'm glad I don't live too close to Logan Square, otherwise it could be a problem. Well done OSB of L&E! Your doughnuts are some of the best in the city. I will be back.Little did we know we came all the way from NYCs east village to hang out in Williamsburg!  Upon arriving at this dimly-lit spot we were told it would be over and hour wait. Fair enough, let's just go across the way to another place that looked even more like Williamsburg with bespoke drinks and mixolgists.Overall a good experience.  Go prepared to wait.  Otherwise, tasty and enjoyable.Went for brunch. I am so picky so I went with the pbr breakfast (minus the pbr) with a side of toast with rhubarb preserves. My husband had the chicken and waffles with an iced coffee. Both of our entres were delicious. The toast was awesome and the preserves... wow! I want some more! I'd go back just for that. The iced coffee was SUPER strong. This isn't the place for picky eaters!One of the best places I would say for some good brunch.This is what I ordered: Fried Chicken, Waffles, Sweet Potato & Pork Belly Hash, Maple Syrup.I never had chicken and waffles until I came into this place.They have the best chicken I have ever tasted in my life and the pairing with the waffles seem so strange but absolutely wonderful. The pork belly hash melts in your mouth and is amazing!I finally got to scratch L&E off of my list of places "I want to smash delicious food into my pie hole before I check out from a grabber." I had tried a previous time to put the notch in my belt, but I was shunned at the door due to a private party who called dibs on the entire restaurant. As I tried to sneak in that day, the doorman gave the stubble on my poorly groomed face a once-over and realized that I wasn't serious enough about pogonotrophy to be a part of the bearded brotherhood blogging their experience with old typewriters and then taking pictures of their papers via Instagram.My turn to eat at L&E would eventually come and the wait was so worth it. My good mate and I strolled in on a Friday night a few weeks back. We found the place to be packed, which wasn't a surprise. We elected to stand near the bar until two seats opened up (which took over an hour) but big efffin' deal. The whiskey flight we ordered was so wonderfully woody and peat-fire-warm on a bitterly cold night, I could have spent another hour on another flight and time would have become irrelevent. The delay wasn't entirely the fault of L&E's limited bar space or that the patrons occupying it took their sweet-ass time eating. We had a chance to sit earlier than we did, but we passed so a pregnant woman -- who was just about cooked enough to shat out the wee one at any given moment -- could sit, which was really, really hard to do because it spun our moral compasses in directions of disarray as we eyed beautiful dishes fly from the kitchen and land on tables.  Now, pressed for time, we shared the lobster parfait and the bone marrow small plates. Wowza! Total food boner, you guys! It was the first time I ever tried marrow and let me tell you, I'll be back for more, even if I have to pry a cow femur from the jowls of a starving wolf to do so. After spooning it out, the marrow, you smear it on toast with a blueberry/caramelized onion jam and some sea salt that accompanies the bone and ... and it was phenomenal (think of a smoky butter and jam buscuit). The lobster parfait, like an attractive woman wearing "fuck me" boots and sitting alone at an empty bar, requires attention and discussion too. It was super sexy. There was these huge cubes of bacon lardon (think: bacon jerky) that accompanied the sweetness of the lobster meat and the silkiness of the (parsnip? -- thank you, whiskey) puree so very well. I wish we had more time. I can't wait to return to L&E. I'd like to spend a week there one day.Tried two entrees and three appetizers there on a date, it was a little over my head but I will try againThe blue crab ravioli was greatAnother gastropub, this one in my neighborhood.  I would be happier if it was as good as everyone thinks.  Though there are things on the menu that I like (the charcuterie platter comes to mind, and of course the whiskey selection is amazing!), the food can be a little less than inventive.It seems most gastropubs feel that to be upscale, they have to squeeze organ meat, foie gras or bone marrow into every single dish... I'm an adventurous eater, but not everyone is, and friends with less experience with this type of food can have a struggle trying to find anything on the menu that doesn't gross them out.  I brought out of town relatives here and the only thing they could find that they were not frightened to order was the chicken, and that was a bit disappointing (I've had it as well; it's just a chicken, even if expertly prepared, there is nothing on that dish that I couldn't get at Medieval Times).I won't complain too much because I'm happy to see an eatery with this kind of reputation in Logan Square, and I do enjoy the inn-like feel of the place.  I'm just not buying into the hype, and feel they could stretch their wings with the menu a bit, by doing less of what is starting to feel like a yawn-worthy carnivorous romp through leftover animal bits and focusing more on flavor and creativity.Although we enjoyed the food, the best thing here for us was the service- she was friendly, funny and extremely well-read and knowledgeable bout both the food and the bar.  The cocktail menu alone would take me a year to get through if I drank something different each time and visited regularly, but especially appealing to the bourbon/whiskey/rye drinker.We went on a Sunday afternoon around 2:00 and had a 45-minute wait to sit down.  We had the charcuterie platter and it has been a while since I had rillettes that good.  We also tried the sloppy joe which was very disappointing to me, tasted more like barbecue sauce than sloppy joe.  My husband had a Benedict with their house-smoked salmon, and the salmon was as delectable as I ever had.  The egg was poached perfectly, but the breakfast potatoes were only okay.  We struck up a conversation with the couple next to us and shared bites of our entrees- they had ordered biscuits and gravy with scrambled eggs.  The biscuit was fine, the gravy was definitely not a true Southern sausage gravy, and the scrambled eggs were beautifully cooked and a HUGE portion.  Good coffee, great cocktails!I used to live in Logan Square, and have been here many times. I can't believe it has taken me so long to write a review!Drinks:Longman and Eagle is the "crème de la crème" whiskey bar in Chicago.  They have 198 different whiskeys on their drink menu.  If you are unfamiliar with types of whiskey, or are looking to try something new, ask the bartender for a suggestion.  The bartenders are well-educated on their spirits and will find something you will really like!  They also have a huge beer selection and a great cocktail menu.Eats:There was only ONE time in the past few years that I have come here to eat and the wait was less than 2 hours.  Usually when I try for dinner, I am told the wait is 2.5 - 3 hours.  The one time I ate here was for brunch and it was AWESOME (the wait was only 20 minutes).  I had Chicken and Waffles, and have since dreamed of going back for those Chicken and Waffles.  Delicious.Sleep:They have a few very funky contemporary rooms that you can rent for a steep nightly rate.  I have seen pictures and it seems that these rooms have a very exposed toilet... The toilet is either behind a glass door or sharing a glass door with the shower.  It doesn't seem ideal to rent a room here if you are sleeping with another person, because they will have to watch you poop (unless you are in to that kind of thing).Cons:They DO NOT take reservations.  The wait times for dinner are VERY long, so I recommend stopping in either well ahead of time to put your name on this list before doing something else, or going there during "off hours" when people wouldn't normally be eating.Oh Longman, what a foodie kind of place.  I hate that they don't take reservations, but I've heard so many great things in the past that I had to try.  I came with one friend on a Saturday night (around 6:30 PM) and we were told the wait would be 1.5-2 hours! We were a little hesitant (because we were already hungry), but we headed back to OSB for some drinks and snacks and only ended up waiting 35 minutes. Way to set our expectations low! Anyway, we were seated in the cozy little room between the entrance and OSB, and had a long luxurious dining experience. This is the kind of place that lets you sit and relax for a few hours.  We didn't order any appetizers since we already ate a bit (meatballs and pate, pretty good!), so we ordered our entrees. Before our actual food came, we got a complimentary bowl of warm marinated olives and a little taster spoon of some delicious creamy sauce the chef was experimenting with that night. Both were delish! When our food came, we were impressed. The portion sizes are huge and the presentation is flawless. My friend ordered the wild boar sloppy joe and I got the fried chicken roulade. The wild boar sloppy joe was great- flavorful and hearty just like you would expect. My dish was really well done (I LOVED the chicken)  but I felt that some of the more "unique" aspects of my dish were added in just to make it sound more creative, when it really didn't add much to the dish.  The aerated sriracha, for example, or the High Life gel (yes, that is really just beer-flavored puddles of fat, added for decoration), did not do much for much, and i would have much rather had some nice whipped mashed potatoes with a jazzed up chipotle sauce... you know, or SOMETHING. Why totally destroy a classic? However, with all of that said, it was very well done and I will definitely be back. I will be thoroughly reviewing every listed ingredient in my future dishes, though. :)We live in Logan Square and, as such, end up in front of L&E twice daily during our commute. We see the happy faces walking in and out and we see it's name appear in every culinary publication under the sun yet, GASP, we had never entered the hallowed doors. Yesterday, however, that all changed and, as the saying goes, "once you know, you can't unknow." Entering into an establishment with high expectations usually leads to disappointment, although the level of disappointment varies by experience. That was not the case at L&E, it was actually quite the contrary. L&E lived up to its reputation and, in some cases, exceeded it. Having read about it in Travel & Leisure, Esquire, GQ, Chicago Mag, CS, Michigan Ave, ad nauseum, we were expecting a house of well-balanced and flavorful food with the quirky (yet attentive) service we've come to expect from our beloved Logan Square. That is precisely what was delivered. The staff donned various plaid attire, fabulous hair, and mandatory ink for the neighborhood along with a deep understanding of the menu items and the patience to convey this knowledge to their guests. We sat at the bar and they took a team approach to helping us and each member of the wait staff was as helpful and eager to help as the previous.  The decor was spot-on for the neighborhood, being a mix of an old-timey feel with a modern and eclectic mix.For food, we stopped in for just a drink but the food was WAY too good to pass up. We ended up with 2 drinks (Wilson's Last Drink and Gilligan's Happy Place) and found that both were well-thought out and as described by the bartender. They were also quick to check and make sure that we were satisfied with our selections, which is always a sign of a good 'tender. For food, I NEVER pass up a good pretzel and since I've had that one, I may become more of a pretzel snob because DAMN! Between L&E, Table Donkey & Stick, and Owen & Engine, I am living in pretzel heaven!! The pretzel was light and fluffy on the inside and had the nice, brown crust that popped when pulled and was paired with a beer cheese that was awesome. (SIDE NOTE: I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THAT YOU EXPLORE LOGAN THROUGH PRETZELS AND BEER, IT'S PRETTY MUCH LIKE A GERMAN PARTY IN YOUR MOUTH.) We also tried the Lamb Tartare which was like a high falooting reuben from foodie heaven. Just say yes to the lamb tartare. Pickled olives? Strange? Maybe... Delicious? You bet your ass they were. When Adam saw a Slagel Farms burger he was hooked... I told him to just get it and we'd call it dinner. He did and he was SO glad that he did. They used an aged cheddar that added a depth to the flavor that he described as "mm mmm mmm." When he says nothing but a sound with his mouth full, it's pretty much a resounding positive review. MY ONLY COMPLAINT: No fried egg option on the burger. That is the one thing that drives Adam crazy about the Owen & Engine burger, so it's hard to compare them without being able to compare apples to apples.Final Verdict: The food critics were right, 5 stars all around, except for the long waits that can be had on weekends... but we live around the corner, so we'll make do for a Monday/Tuesday kinda thing.I can't believe it's taken me this long to try this place! Loved all the dishes that we ordered...Came here for brunch with a few other ladies. Perfect to get a variety of dishes and share. We ordered: cauliflower, pork cheek, duck hash, and french toast. All were delectable and delicious. If I had to choose a favorite though, it would have to be the pork cheek dish. There was some kind of pasta with it that was cooked to perfection and the pork cheek just melted in my mouth. Almost like braised short ribs...After a certain point, the volume of reviews says it all.  And that's what we have for this delightful spot. My restaurant advance scout (a/k/a my son) recommended L & E following an entertaining Goose Island beer release at Binny's.  We came to the restaurant and ordered from an experienced laid back server.  (She recommended a side of toast--sour dough--she was right).Duck hash for the scout.  Fried chicken and waffles for me.  We shared the dishes.The hash had the fattiness of the duck that meshed perfectly with the hash--eggs were cooked to perfection.I had stayed away from the fried chicken thing for decades and resisted temptation when I saw it offered as a breakfast dish at a few restaurants.  I figured if I was to break discipline, it should be at a spot like this.  I was right.  The fried chicken was moist on the inside, crispy on the outside.  The waffle was as it should be and I found this to be a great, apparently traditional, combination I never had had.So basically, now you know, you can't go wrong with the duck hash or the chicken.  It seems that all the reviewers are at chorus level saying this about every item.Fun place. Is tiny. Easy place in the city to go if you're driving as there is lots of street parking in area. Great late night place. Is a place to go for whiskey! Their motto is eat, sleep, drink whiskey! Obviously had whiskey and was good. Also ate some dishes. And all were good. Would go again!Hands down one of my favorite brunch spots in Chicago! Sure, the trek out to Logan Square can be a hassle, but believe me, your stomach will THANK YOU in the long run! What I love about L&E is that they're putting their own unique twists on classic brunch items elevating ordinary dishes to Michelin star level. L&E sits on Kedzie Ave. in a building with an unassuming dark facade. Look closely or you'll miss it!The interior features hardwood floors and earthy brick walls with tables scattered throughout. There's additional seating at the bar along with their impressive whiskey collection. We ended up choosing to sit out on the patio. Our server was great -- very knowledgeable about each dish's ingredients and offered excellent suggestions.SUNNYSIDE DUCK EGG HASH I thought I was going to be underwhelmed by this dish, but it wowed me! The two duck eggs you get are perfectly cooked with ooey gooey runny yolks. There's yukon gold potatoes, shallots and chunks of duck confit along with a gorgeous black truffle vinaigrette that took this dish to the next level. I should've taken the servers advice to order the side of fresh toast, but I was being stubborn and ended up flagging her down later on. The toast was really fresh and served with whipped butter and house made raspberry jam. This was the perfect vehicle for dipping into the egg yolks and sopping up that delicious vinaigrette. CHICKEN AND WAFFLESThis dish was a winner as well! The flavor of the waffle was amazing with hints of cinnamon in the batter? The texture was perfect -- crispy outside, fluffy inside. My only gripe is that it says waffles on the menu, but it only comes with one. There are however two pieces of chicken that come with an order, a drumstick and thigh. Again, the flavors were wonderful -- the chicken was delightfully crispy, moist and juicy. I appreciated the subtle touch of grated Parmesan cheese on top to add a punch of salt. The consistency of the maple syrup was viscous without being overly thick, which complemented the chicken and waffle well. The dish is also served with a sweet potato hash studded with crispy bits of pork belly which was amazing. Wish I didn't have to share this dish! Being a Michelin star restaurant, I was really surprised at how affordable everything was on the menu. The service was what I would expect from an establishment with such an accolade -- attentive, but not stuffy. Looking forward to coming back so I can have an order of chicken and waffles all to myself!DELICIOUS. We came in a group and tried a variety of dishes, which I really recommend. We started with the bone marrow, which was so rich in flavor and texture. A major plus that it's good for you :) For entrees, we had a hanger steak, an elegant hot dog (flavors to mimic those in a hot dog but with quality and creative ingredients), and an ahi tuna. All were very creative with many components to compliment the meats. For drinks, I stuck with a classic old fashioned, which did not disappoint.I look forward to coming back and trying new items as their menu changes.I split the burger and the cubano with a friend.  Both were really good and I definitely want to come back and try their brunch.  I also tried my friend's manhattan and the drink was very good.  Not really my type of place to hang out as it's another well known hipster place for people who enjoy hanging out in the up and coming logan square area.This dinner blew my mind.  Drinks were stellar.  My wife and I got there early, which was key.  Best Michelin Star bang for your buck.I was so excited to have brunch here after a good dinner experience. First the good: the chicken and waffles were the frickin' bomb and the tete de cochon was also awesome. The Challah french toast with foie gras frosting was good, but not as good as it sounds on paper. And as for the not-so-good, I would definitely not order the sunnyside duck hash again, the duck confit was dry and the nothing was particularly outstanding about the dish; the sunnyside up duck eggs that the hash was topped off with has a really rich yolk, but it has a more "game-y" smell compared with chicken eggs, so steer clear if gaminess isn't your thing. Their coffee has a weird, sour aftertaste: would not recommend. The dinner menu is very solid. I remember really enjoying the bacon jam that came with the bone marrow. Overall, a consistently good restaurant with very strong and original offerings.bomb ass brunch and cocktails...LOVED the salmon eggs benny on rye with salmon roe, great Bloodies, and the bite of chicken and waffles was a delicious tease.loved the vibe, loved the food. love.There are over a thousand reviews of this place, no one's even going to read this, but I'll write it anyway. 2 in our original party of 6 were put off by the fact that they didn't know what half of the menu meant, but most of the food is very approachable and the server wasn't a snot when we asked what things were. I have no pride and don't speak French, so I had to!Four of us went on July 4th for an early dinner. We sat out on the side patio, which is shaded by trees but can still get pretty warm. The booze list is fantastic, and everything on the menu sounded great. I enjoyed both cocktails (one was bourbon, the other Irish) I had and the guys enjoyed their bottle of wine. Service was great, the server was knowledgeable and our meal was well-paced. To start, we had the country-fried sweet breads and they were fantastic...the best I've ever had. My boyfriend even declared they were "very good" and had more than one bite (he is not much for eating glands). Great preparation and fantastic presentation. We also had the warm cheese gougeres, which knocked all of our socks off. They're like cream-puffs but instead of having cream inside...gooey white cheese! After we each ate one, I realized everyone was staring down the fifth...wanting it, but not wanting to be the "greedy one". Adults are funny. We had some meatballs with polenta too, also very good. All the entrees sounded really interesting, but I narrowed in on mine pretty quickly: pork belly, chorizo, clams, with some starch and green legumes. The flavors mixed together were soooo amazing. The item is no longer on the menu but I hope it is back next summer. This was among my top 5 meals of the year. The guys all talked about getting the Wild Boar Sloppy Joe but they ended up having salmon (to be healthy), a burger, and half of a roasted chicken. They are not the same breed of food adventurer as I. They also gave a flat "No." to the Duck Testicles on the appetizer menu. Booooo!Really excited to come here and was not disappointed.  No reservations.  So we came called and saw how long the wait was expected to be @ 545 on a Saturday.... One hour. Got seated and served in a timely manner.  Amuse Bouche = potato leek soup. We wanted more. It got us pumped for what was to come.  Pretzel.  Warm.  Fresh.  Nice cheese pairing.  5/5 Duvet scallops.   Delicious.  Very complex and fun flavors.   Good as an shared app.  5/5.  Lamb tartar.  Good.  Complex flavors.  Good for sharing.  4/5Cauliflower.  Delicious.  Depth in the lentils flavors was memorable.  5/5Butter poached lobster.  Just an uninteresting flavor combo.   We were disappointed.  3/5Casual space.  Very busy.  Excited to return for brunch.   Highly recommended :)OMG....this place is a home run. This is a must on your bucket list. Yes, the staff is great, the ambiance fun, but wow, what a menu and what a great chef. I love a good burger and it is spectacular, however, that is only a teaser. If you like a variety of meats presented in the most interesting and decadent fashion, and executed really well, then L&E is it.The whisky wall and wines are great and it all comes together for an unbelievable time. And try the creme brûlée.Go...really...go.I've been here a couple times, but the last visit cemented this five star rating. We got here around 7:30 on a Friday night and were told that the wait would be three hours. Rather than panicking or getting upset, we grabbed a seat across the courtyard at OSB at L&E and got our drank on while munching on cheese. About an hour later, our table was ready! Amazing.Our server could not have been more friendly (without being creepy) or knowledgeable about the menu and made some great recommendations for us. Favorites of that evening include the housemade burrata, tete de cochon (as perfectly described by our server), fried chicken roulade, and the black sesame doughnut dessert.And of course, their whiskey list does not fail to impress. I love doing flights, but their whiskey cocktails are also very good. My favorite so far is the slam piece which is nice and boozey and will surely keep you warm on a cold winter day. And of course, their house manhattans are also delicious.My friends and I ate to the full desires of our little hearts and it set us back $40 each before drinks. And that's everything (including two desserts) that we wanted to eat. Normal people probably won't be spending that much but man were we happy after that meal-- so happy that we stayed until near midnight nursing the last of our libations.When a place is packed at 5:30 for dinner, you know it's got to be something good. No, not good. Great. Actually, more along the lines of "if this were my last supper, I'd die happy." Yup, L&E is that good. You walk into a place filled with families with 4 year olds, gay and straight couples, young and old, and a staff that make you realize you need some new plaid shirts. And then you have to decide on drinks. And food. And you wished you had two stomachs (and a stronger liver). So, as I did, you go with a Manhattan followed by the Rye Whiskey tasting, along with the Pea Agnolotti and then the fried chicken. You leave loving yourself for your gastronomic selections, yet hating yourself for having such a small stomach. Alas, there's always the next time. And there will be a next time.At first, it's a bit confusing how this place is Michelin rated. L&E is definitely deserving, but Alinea and French Laundry are places that come to mind first when I think of Michelin. A gastropub in Logan Square? Not so much, but I digress, now onto the review..Wild Boar Sloppy Joe. I've noticed that wild boar is quietly gaining popularity in some restaurants and to be honest they've mostly been okay. L&E's wild boar bucks this trend and is far from tame by any means.  The meat was wonderfully tender, falling apart almost, but in a good way. It was seasoned expertly and topped with pickles and crispy sage. I don't know what sort of sorcery they used on this sage, but it was honestly good enough to eat by itself. You could give me a plate of their crispy sage and I'd give it 4 stars for that alone. Props to whoever came up with that one. Beer fat fries were pretty good, I prefer duck fat fries though (if you're going to eat something covered in fat it might as well be duck fat). Great beer selection, very trendy/hipster vibe in the entire restaurant. Good times will be had by all. I'm definitely looking forward to going back and trying some of their other fare.One of THE worst customer service experiences I've ever had.Still in shock.Beer selection- great (numerous good belgian beers on tap), atmosphere- cozy, food- ok for the most part (I tried: the roasted marrow bones, which were just ok; short rib, pretty good but I'm easy to please when it comes to short ribs; wild boar sloppy joe, meh- maybe it was overhyped for me; pretzel, would not order again but I was on my fifth beer and needed some heavy floury thing in my stomach asap; chicken liver mousse- forgettable, go to the Publican where they do it justice). We sat at the bar while waiting for a table and the bartenders were great- patient even though the place was insanely crowded, pretty attentive, and made a mean Old Fashioned that my boyfriend still to this day refers to as the best drink he's ever had. Once we were finally seated (long wait, but you have to expect it at this place- so no complaints there), our waiter was kind and also attentive.So the night was going well, we'd been sitting at our table for maybe twenty minutes? We were enjoying our drinks and had literally just finished our food when the hostess comes up to us and asks if we're done ordering. Um, alright. Kind of an odd question from the hostess (not our waiter) but we tell her we're fine for now, still working on our drinks, thank you ma'am. She rushes off. Ok.A couple minutes later she pops by and tells us she called us a cab.Oh, ok.Wait.Wait, what?................ What?Are we being serious? We just ordered a ton of drinks and food and you're kicking us out when we've been at our table for less than thirty minutes and never stated ANY intention of leaving? "I called you guys a cab"??? I mean who does that? WHO. Does that.The experience left me seriously speechless.  We were livid but just literally speechless. Never have I ever been called a cab and rushed out of a place like I was at Longman & Eagle.  WHO. DOES. THAT?????Disgusting.  Never going back.  Don't think I'll ever have a worse experience with customer service in my life, so y'all get that award without a doubt.Save yourself the trouble, the whatever food and ridiculously long wait- there are way better gastropubs in Chicago. Yelp is your friend. Longman & Eagle is not.It was. Good. Not outstanding. The fried chicken was very good. He bacon was too saltyDuck. Egg. Hash.I'm not sure who had this idea, but it's probably the best ever.  Hubs and I went in search of brunch one Sunday morning, and found Longman and Eagle.  There was quite a wait, but "there's a pop-up doughnut shop in the back!" the hostess told us.  We went through the restaurant and grabbed some delicious doughnuts-chocolate crullers, lemon curd, blueberry, and the traditional glazed.  They also served up some killer cocktails, bloody Marys and mimosas.  We were sitting and eating our potentially-pre-breakfast feast when our table was ready, so we decided to sit and eat some more of their tasty food.  (Including the aforementioned duck egg hash and an omelet containing brisket).  Great service, and loved the atmosphere.  Very cozy and also quite the happening place.I, being from the South, enjoyed/found it amusing that they've got many southern food themes to their menu.  Does that mean we're trendy?  My gma's been making white gravy since long before I was born.My foodie BFF and I were stoked that we were able to get a table here (even though it mean waiting for an hour until dinner service started) because we'd heard so many good things...But the food was really a letdown. I told the waiter this politely but honestly when he asked and I got the impression he thought I was an ignorant rube, but I know the difference between getting creative with food, and attempting to create an "edgy" deconstructed dish that completely lacks any of what made the traditional version of the meal delicious or appealing. Maybe I'd be more forgiving if I hadn't waited 2 hours for a $25 entree that was a total letdown after our high expectations.I got the fried chicken roulade, which came with sriracha foam, duck fat biscuits, beer jelly, pressed apple bits, and some other nonsense. While the presentation was beautiful, the meal did not come together. The chicken was mushed together like a potted ham wrapped in greasy chicken skin, and I found myself yearning for tender meat and crispy skin that simply wasn't there. The predominant flavors were greasy and salty, but not in a delicious way. The acid elements (apple bits, beer jelly) that should have balanced the grease fell flat- the beer jelly in particular was viscous, oily, and utterly flavorless, contributing nothing to the dish other than tasting disturbingly like KY Jelly. The sriracha mousse was ok, but there was too much of it, and it didn't tie the dish together. The best part actually were the tasty duck fat biscuits, which weren't actually biscuits but more like fritters or beignets. Its possible the other menu items are better, though my friend's wild boar sloppy joe had the same issue- too salty, too greasy, nothing refreshing to cut the salt and grease. Doesn't really seem worth a do-over though.Today I had the very delicious  Oyster Soup, fried Oysters, Potato, Black Caviar, Fine Herbes, Fried Shallots and  Fermented Leeks. This is almost like going Easter Egg Hunting for all the goodies locked inside. Anne at the bar was awesome.Wow, 1200+ reviews...here it is in a nutshell.  1 Michelin star soooo affordable hotel upstairswere staying at the hotel this february so Im pumped!Yep... what else can I say that anyone else hasn't already. They know how to make any food item taste good. They have a ridiculous beer and libation list. Their service is incredibly team-led efficient.Too bad it's nearly impossible to dine here though as the wait is always atrocious (understandably so).A tad bit pricey but my experience was fantastic. They took very good care of us and were very responsive to our needs. Worth the money.To be completely honest, the atmosphere and service here is not my cup of tea. This is not your average Michelin Star restaurant in a big city; it's a dark, cramped bar with somewhat rowdy patrons at the bar. The busboys spill the water almost every time they refill your glass. The dress code has been accurately described online as "plaid." However, I'm pretty sure that's what Longman & Eagle is going for, and I think it's kind of cool that they've managed this level of cuisine in that environment. Given the fact that the price even matches the ambiance ($8 specialty whiskey cocktails? Whaaat?), I can't bring myself to dock a star.The food here is classic, hearty, and meat-heavy midwestern fare probably best shared with table. We didn't even order anything from the "entrees" section of the menu, but from what I saw they were absolutely gigantic - and the "small plates" we ordered were still bigger than entrees at most restaurants in this price range.  The stand-outs were the squab and lamb tartare. The confit of octopus was rich, fatty, and decadent - definitely words I never thought I'd use to describe octopus. Our table ordered three desserts, and I do admit that they did all seem like variations on the same concept. Each consisted of a pastry, a scoop of ice cream, and a puree or sauce. Just save room for one, and make it the apple pudding "pop tart" with foie gras ice cream!As a restaurant with one Michelin star, one should have really high expectations. I have had a few very distinct experiences here which don't quite push everything to a 5/5. One on hand, I've had an awesome experience here with some great food and amazing service. On the other hand, I've had an experience here where the service was painfully slow and bad and the food was mediocre. Perhaps the poor nights were just really rare, but that's been my experience with it. Obviously they don't have bad food in the least and their drink menu is quite great, but I wouldn't say it's any place that someone should be absolutely head over heals about. It's a good place and I recommend it, but it might be a tad bit overrated even if it's still good. I will say the price point is nice for a Michelin rated restaurant.You know, when you first begin seeing someone... maybe it's the night after you first meet and you just spent the evening kissing. You go home and can't stop smiling and laughing and you babble endlessly to your roommates about how amazing it was?That's how I felt about the foie gras and the pork jowl. I couldn't help from giggling in between bites. I would get distracted mid-sentence by my palate. Everything was impeccably balanced and I was in love.Just do yourself a favor and go.I've been wanting to come here for some time now since it has a Michelin Star. :D But, one obstacle, this restaurant doesn't take reservations! So, I never went since I didn't want to wait on the long line... :) Finally, I made the trip to Longman & Eagle to try Chicago's only One Michelin Star Restaurant that does not  take reservations!Due to my dietary restrictions, the chef created something off menu for me enjoy as my entree. I was a little skeptical about the ricotta balls... I worried that they would be too cheesy with an overpowering taste or weird texture. But they turned out a-okay! Phew. Although not my favorite out of the plate, just glad they tasted better than I had expected. Remember, always start with low expectations so that you won't be as upset or disappointed when the dish doesn't isn't up to your standards. :) My favorite items on the plate were the mushrooms and greens. Healthy and tasty is the best combo.Black sesame and doughnut. Interesting combo - never had black sesame with doughnuts, let alone as a doughnut, before. When I think of black sesame, I just think ASIAN! Except to my surprise, I found it at an "All American" restaurant. The dessert wasn't bad, but it didn't wow me either. The doughnut were very cakey and dense. When getting doughnuts, I prefer the fluffy yeast ones as opposed to the cakey ones. If you like cake doughnuts, then you would like this.This is not your typical Michelin Starred restaurant. It is very... loud and crowded... as opposed to the nice, spacey, quiet, calm, and comfortable sit down dinner one would normally expect from a dining experience at a Michelin Starred restaurant. The lighting of the restaurant is very very dim, practically black, practically. It is also hard to get the server's attention due to the loudness of the restaurant as well as tons of other tables he/she needs to attend to. I'm mind boggled as to how Longman & Eagle received a star. It is not terrible, but it is definitely not great and not a star standard restaurant IMHO. I'm glad I got to experience this, but not a restaurant I would want to go back to. It is personally not worth the wait for the slow service and mediocre food.truffleandsage.com/blog/…A well earned Michelin Star at this stellar neighborhood pub.  A knowledgeable staff at both the bar and on the wait staff with great attitudes.Its also nice to go into a place with this high of caliber and have a staff that is dressed down, makes for a more fun night out and not as formal as other Michelin starred places.We enjoyed some great wine and beer with some amazing food.  It all comes together well here.  Its right out the Logan Square blue line exit as well, so its convenient for anyone visiting from other neighborhoods.  Note though, reservations are not accepted so plan accordingly.  Try to do a weeknight if possible as the place gets packed on the weekend.Went here at 6pm on a Friday night and the place was already hopping. As they don't take reservations, we tried getting there on the earlier side to procure a table but alas, still a 45 minute wait.The menu is pretty bizarre in that you may not recognize many of the ingredients! Most dishes have titles that are 2-3 sentences long. It's not like "burger" it's "burger served with x, y, z, s, d, f, g, and paired with..." So you may want to study up prior to arriving.We started with the olives, blue crab ravioli and the special of the day a fried pork cake served with stone fruits and mustard greens. Everything was delicious but be prepared as 2 ravioli were $16 as was the special of the day. Olives were $5For dinner our party had the burger, cauliflower dinner, salmon and hangar steak. Entrees ranged on the low side for the burger and cauliflower ($14) to the high side with the salmon at $27 and the steak at $33.Reviews on all dishes were very positive. The burger as reported by my wife was huge and quite juicy. Serves with bacon and cheese on a pretzel bun. I had the salmon and it was served in a light almost Teriyaki reduction with a shrimp ravioli and mushrooms. The thing I liked about it was it was friend crisp yet still very light.Our friends had the roasted cauliflower served over a bed of  lentils and it was apparently good and the hangar steak which much like other dishes served with a wild array of accoutrements including hot dog bun foam. I know, seriously?We skipped desert in favor of a few cocktails. There is a wide variety so I'm sure you'll find one to suit your taste. Nice place to go with a hip vibe and attentive staff but not going to be your every day joint.ONE WORD... Madeline!  She was our server tonight and honestly she made my entire experience perfect.  While she has only been there for a month, she knew the menu backward and forward and listened to out preferences and guided us perfectly.  Regardless of the amazing cuisine, I would go back and ask to be seated at her station.  She made it 5 stars for us!If you are looking to set a record for the longest, drawn out, non-prix fixe meal you definitely didn't see coming, try Longman and Eagle.  Our casual Monday night dinner turned into an extra leisurely, molasses-paced 2.5 hour event.  This was unexpected.  I should've asked to nap in one of the hotel rooms upstairs.  I'll take room #76, kthxbye.The beer battered soft shell crab entree had me salivating at hello.  I didn't have any issues taking the whole dish down bc 1) there wasn't all too much of it, and 2) when you batter and fry anything, it tastes all the much more better.  I do wish the crab to batter ratio was much, much greater.  My friend's bone marrow small plate was savory and delicious. It is a whiskey bar, but I opted for a tequila cocktail, which was pretty and held me over... for a few minutes.The dessert course was inhaled by the trio of us without any shame, though the abundance of flavors and textures all on one dish was almost overwhelming.  Keep it simple!  My favorite of the twinkie, sesame donuts, and praline terrine was the terrine.I had read great things about L&E for a while , but I reco you skip this one and move on to the next restaurant on your list.OH MY GOODNESS.  My first time in Chicago and Longman & Eagle was one of the most memorable meals I've EVER had.  Arrived on a busy Friday night and snagged two seats at the bar which totally worked in our favor because: 1. we never had to flag down a bartender and 2. we loved watching them hard at work concocting serious cocktails.  I highly recommend sitting at the bar if manageable.  James is a master mixologist who is clearly passionate yet cool-as-a-cucumber about his craft and whips out those delicious drinks carefully yet efficiently.  L&E is well-known for their impressive whiskey options; we really enjoyed the Jack Rose and Old-Fashioned's.As awesome as the drinks were, I am all about the FOOD at L&E:-Roasted marrow bones: perfectly paired with bacon shallot jam to off-set that sumptuous marrow; a rediscovering of bone marrow, a culinary awakening of my soul, and I'm now hooked.-Housemade burrata with tomatoes and basil: their version is mozzarella infused with mascarpone.  "Burrata" means "buttered" and buttery, it was!  Can I please order a pillow made of burrata so I can sink my face into it?!-Handmade blue crab ravioli: rich/sweet/briny crab meat with slices of truffle; at $16, it's quite pricey since you only get 2 ravioli but flavor-wise, it was divine.-Pralined pecan terrine, honey foam, malted ice cream, bourbon panna cotta for dessert: practically 3 desserts in 1, truly enjoyed every component on its own and when combined, it was a sweet umami bomb in your mouth.This place is crowded and loud, yet intimate and cozy.  I absolutely plan to return here the next time in Chicago, and get this: L&E have several rooms they rent to visitors.  I just might need to stay here next time.  Do you think they'll leave a plate of roasted marrow bones on my pillow upon arrival?  Just a suggestion from a big fan, L&E :)My absolute favorite bar and restaurant in Chicago. For a handful of months you could find me here every Monday for $1 can of Old Milwaukee (Old Mil), $2 shots of Cabin Still (Stab and Kill) and the $6 bar snack (snack attack) that is served after 10 pm. The snack changes every Monday and has never disappointed. Aside from Mondays, I've eaten here a handful of times over four years and have never been disappointed. Menu items change but always top notch quality.Beverages are of fantastic quality and crafted with care. Anytime you can put Malort in a cocktail and make it taste good, you know what you're doing. If bourbon is your thing, you will be in heaven. Atmosphere and crowd are also great. You get a great mix of people but yes, a large portion contains friendly skinny jean, tattooed "hipsters" (over used word). With the addition of the outside bar (OSB), L&E is able to provide a nice escape for people who just want a few drinks. Spring/summertime provides a nice outdoor seating which is usually full... Because this is Chicago.I can go on and on. I'm sure I missed something. Do not pass up an opportunity to enjoy a beverage or meal at this wonderful establishment. It really is awesomeSince my last review everything has been great! Excellent food, drinks and service.  Great neighborhood joint.Although this place is more known for their pork and whiskey, everything else on the menu is top notch! Food: My boyfriend and I came here for brunch and ordered the quiche and salmon benedict. My quiche tasted like cheesy custardy goodness even though there was no cheese in it! My boyfriend enjoyed his smoked salmon benedict as well. I can't wait to return for dinner!Service: So friendly and helpful. No complaints here.Decor: I felt like I was enjoying a meal at home. Loved the welcoming atmosphere.One of my favorites and staples for great drinks, customer service and food in neighborhood. Visited again this week for at least the 10th time. Never a disappointment.It has been longtime in coming, but I finally made it here for brunch with a friend.  To start, I LOVED the atmosphere.  It felt like I was in a rustic farmhouse kitchen of a dear friend.  The staff was great, helpful, but not annoyingly so.To start, the kitchen staff sent out complementary baby cinnamon sugar donut holes!  Completely melted in your mouth and the dusting of cinnamon was more bitter than sugary.  Also, my coffee was served in a old fashioned white mug with a tiny engraved spoon.  It probably misses most people, but those little homey touches do not go unnoticed.On to the meal!  I had the yogurt parfait, which was a complex layering of fall flavors.  The bottom layer was a braised chestnut pudding followed by meyer lemon & maple yogurt,topped with a carmel apple/aspic glee.  Housemade granola was sprinkled on top.  Dipping my spoon in, each layer had its on unique flavor and when tasted together, an explosion of flavors burst forth.  My friend and I shared the slow roasted cauliflower, which was nicely browned ontop of a bed of black lentils.  Drizzled over the cauliflower was a refreshing cucumber raita.  Sprinkled in were golden raisins and small cubes of mango.  It was a flavorful dish, which to me speaks a lot, since cauliflower tends to be bland.  Per the recommendation of our waitress, my friend ordered the whole hog crepinette with cheese grits, collards, in a natural maple jus.  I tried a bite and it was delicious!  The meat was shaped into one large meatball and had been braised in the maple jus.  Digging my fork in, the meat was tender and melted in your mouth.  The cheese grits were the perfect accompaniment to the heavy meat dish.  I would definitely go back and would love to try dinner!When researching restaurants to hit on my trip, L&E's brunch menu immediately grabbed my attention over all others. Straightforward, simple, and even with only 8-10 dishes to choose from, it's a difficult decision.Let me just say this. If the corn bisque is on the menu when you go, get it. Get two. And don't even worry about what else you order because it will pale in comparison. Served in a huge bowl, the shrimp, avocado, and red peppers mixture is nestled beside a whopping dollop of creme fraíche. BUT THAT'S NOT ALL. Then, at your table, they pour the corn bisque out of this cute little porcelain pitcher into the bowl to perfectly encompass the fixin's. It's a beautiful thing to watch, and even more beautiful to eat. I can see how some people might think it's a bit pretentious (in the hipstery sense of the word), but it's not really. Just give the skinny jeans and plaid a chance - our server was a peach! Plus, the host that handles angry, impatient, and hungover brunch goers was extra friendly and gracious. And I promise, I am not a hipster. I am a neutral source.Visit #2! This time we came in for dinner-ish and drinks. We waited half an hour for a table on a Saturday at 10 pm, pretty good. Drinks: Tried the death cookies and pony truss. The death cookies was too fruity and light for me, the pony truss was great, but I wasn't a huge fan of the combination of flavors. I've had better (smoother and better combinations). Still pretty good.  Food: We tried the meatballs, Gruyere cheese balls, foie gras, bone marrow, and Ricotta Gnuddi. My favorites were the meatballs and the gruyere cheese balls. The foie gras were good too. The bone marrow was rather tasteless, but still ok. The ricotta gnuddi was a tad dry. Bar: I understand it was a busy night, but the bartender took ages and gave us the drinks in batches. The drinks were good though. Service: Our server was awesome, great service, very polite, and he checked in on us just often enough. We always had water in our glasses. One complaint is that in the last hour, they tried 3 times to clear our plates while we were still working on them. I don't understand it. It annoyed me a lot. In all good food, good drinks, nice ambiance, and good-ish service. I'll be back!This place was awesome! Went here late night, got sat right away. They have an amazing horseradish whipped potato in bone marrow shell. Tastes like heaven. Staff was super friendly, highly recommend this place.We came here on December 28th, and it was the best brunch I have had in a very long time.  I am not a fan of brunch places because I don't like going out for food that I can cook at home (pancakes, eggs...etc) and I turn into a Joe Pesci when I'm hungry and have to wait in ridiculously long lines!   I walked in and did not expect much because it looked like a typical, trendy brunch spot, but I was in for a big surprise.  This place was just....wow.  Boyfriend had the crepinette.  Do yourself a favor and please please just order it.  I'm drooling just thinking about how tasty it was.  The grits with the maple jus were ridiculously tasty with the hog.  I give this dish 5 starsI ordered the Tete de Cochon with an over-hard egg.  It was delicious too with a nice mix of textures and flavors, however, the crepinette trumped this.  Cocktails are cheap (Old-fashioned was $8) and the service is good.  Our server was attentive, friendly, and gave good, honest recommendations.  I would recommend coming here.  Just beat the crowd before 11:30!Amazing, amazing, amazing.  Thank you so much to L&E for making my fiance's birthday as wonderful for him as I was hoping it would be.  As a surprise for my bourbon loving fiance, I contacted Longman & Eagle to see if they would be willing to set up a private tasting for him.  While they don't typically take reservations, given the nature of the request, they agreed to reserve a table.  After I told them his taste in bourbon, and named some of his favorites,  Phil the bar manager, put together a 5 bourbon tasting of their rarest bourbons that would fit my fiance's preferences.  Sarah, the event manager for the hotel, and Phil were extremely helpful and very patient with my constant requests over the course of several weeks while I planned the evening.We arrived at 6:30pm this past Tuesday, and our table was already set for us, with the bourbon tasting waiting for us (and airing out).  Phil was kind of enough to print out a tasting menu that described each bourbon, its taste, its history, and its origin.  Then, as if that wasn't awesome enough, Phil came over to wish my fiance a happy birthday and chatted with us for about 10 minutes to go through each bourbon, show us the bottle, explain how they got it, and answer any questions we had.  We started with the tasting in the order Phil suggested, while Shawn came to take our dinner order.The tasting was perfect and my fiance was out of his mind with happiness.  On top of that, we then indulged in L&E's phenomenal food menu.  Our food was served in the following order:Slagel Farms Meatballs with Creamy Polenta - absolutely delicious.  The polenta was rich and flavorful.  Highly recommend.Warm Cheese Gougeres - This was perfect if you're a fan of bread puffs filled with cheese.  And who isn't?  This was a fine dish, perfect for cheese lovers, but nothing super special otherwise.Pretzel with Welsh Rarebit - I'm not a huge pretzel fan, but the rarebit was amazing and the pretzel was perfect.  Much better than any other pretzel I've had in my life, and I wanted to drink the rarebit.  Highly recommend, especially if you're there to just have a drink and need a quick bite.Lamb Tartare with 15 Minute Quail Egg and other amazingness - Possibly my favorite dish of the night. To be honest, the lamb tasted very similar to a tuna tartare, which made me love it even more.  But it was the combination of the all the ingredients that made this dish phenomenal.  It's not pretty, but the best way to eat this is to break the yolk over the lamb, mix everything up so it's all one giant mess, and eat it bite by bite with the rye bread.  Absolutely amazing.  Highly recommend.Roasted Marrow Bones with Bacon Shallot Jam - My fiance loved this one, and I found it...not bad.  But to be honest, I couldn't get over the marrow bones and the consistency was a little too soft and raw tasting.  He thoroughly enjoyed it though, so if marrow doesn't skeeve you out, then definitely order this as it's one of their best sellers.Dry Aged NY Strip - We finished with the steak entree.  The steak was tender and perfect, but the real winner in this dish was the thinly sliced scalloped potatoes.  The accompanying sides were phenomenal with this dish, and I would have ordered it just for the sides.For dinner cocktails, we went with the Old Fashioned and the Root and Rye.  Shawn described the Root and Rye perfectly, basically as tasting like Root Beer without the carbonation.  But to be honest, it tasted more just like straight Jagermeister and wasn't a favorite of the night.  The Old Fashioned was excellent.  Stiff and strong, but also delicious.While the food was fantastic, and the bourbon was amazing...I have to say that the true winner in this experience was the service and personal attention.  Phil came by to check on us multiple times and even came by with a rare Old Fitzgerald bottle (the last of its kind) to give my fiance a free taste since he enjoys Stitzel Weller so much.  I mean...who does that??  The amount he poured was easily worth $30.  Shawn was very friendly and attentive, was great about describing dishes and making recommendations.  Our water was never empty.  And random staff members would stop by to check on us and wish my fiance a happy birthday.  His mind was blown and so was mine.  Thank you L&E for making me look like a great fiance and giving him an amazing birthday!  We will definitely be back.Certainly not the traditional Michelin atmosphere that one would expect - that is not a bad thing though! This casual, cool, friendly restaurant is truly one of a kind. The attitude is laid back and the food has great value. Every time I visit Chicago I make sure I come by for dinner! Definitely worth it. As for the food itself, it's very eclectic and creative. Certainly an example for other restaurants to follow.Straight away - yes there is a vegetarian menu! Rejoice!Yes, it is also true, this place is outstanding, just look how many reviews it has - a lot.The wait will be long. Simma down. Just make your way to the very very back bar room where the bartenders serve up delicious mixology worthy hand crafted cocktails, and good humorous banter and fun stories to share.The servers are fantastic, and accommodating. The seasonal vegetarian menu is awesome, I had an amazing cauliflower dish that I can't describe in a lot of words, just get it, ok? I also indulged with a signature cocktail, a hearty beer, and sweet sweet dessert. Overall we were there for 2.5 - 3hrs, from initial entry (1hr wait time), and 1.5hrs for dinner, it was great, we weren't rushed and it's an awesome darkly lit intimate environment to really catch up with friends (tell them to put their phones away) :)Easily my favourite bar in the city.  Every time I've went the bartender has been awesome, explains things thoroughly, and even gives little tastes of things if during discussion realizes that you haven't tried it.  Great drinks, great atmosphere, and the food looks phenomenal, although it's a bit out of my price range, so I stick to drinks ;)Any time I'm going downtown, I try to fit in a visit to Longman.  Oh! AND they have their own Dark Matter coffee blend which I bought a half-pound of my last visit - good stuff.Ask for the "Word Find" cocktail... the thing is amazing, although it's not on the menu anymore, but they'll still make it for you.My partner (the food lover in the relationship) has wanted to go to Longman & Eagle for quite some time. He was intrigued by the interesting meats and new twist on old dishes. I was intrigued by the well-stocked whiskey bar. However, I don't eat much meat and I'm not a fan of waiting an hour plus for a table so I've always vetoed L&E.We finally went last week on my partner's birthday. There wasn't that long of a wait, probably due to the not-so-great weather, and we ordered some drinks at the bar while we waited for the table. L&E has that look that seems to be so popular in Chicago lately -- new restaurants designed and furnished to look lived-in and old. The chairs were worn past the young age of the restaurant. Also, the staff must be instructed to wear plaid which gives the place a weird TGIFriday's kind of feel. I'm really not into the kitschy waiter outfits--not necessary. Adding to the meh atmosphere was the broken speaker overhead where we were sat down. It was blown out so anytime the bass hit it crackled and fuzzed like an overused car stereo system. The cocktails were okay, but I've had better at other area eateries and bars (Whistler, Bavette's, Au Cheval). They just didn't seem like they were mixed quite right and weren't very well balanced. We had an Old Fashioned and a None the Blacker (I think that was the name). Decent, but not spectacular. Our dinner had the same average theme. Everything was okay, but nothing was fantastic. I ordered arctic char and while it was good, it was forgettable. My partner had the wild boar sloppy joe with beef fat fries. He liked it, but also didn't seem too excited. I've had duck fat fries before and those are pretty delicious, but for some reason the beef fat fries just seemed to taste...dirty? greasy? to me. The dessert was also only okay. The fois gras ice cream and the poached pears that garnished the plate were fantastic, but the "pop tart" was closer to the pantry pastry than it should have been and very far from imaginative dessert fare. The bill wasn't bad, only about $100 for the whole shebang, but I don't really think it was worth it. I would suggest other restaurants for casual atmosphere with updated good food and am unlikely to recommend L&E to anyone or return there. Definitely isn't worth any sort of a wait.I've gone to L&E twice, on a Saturday night and on a Wednesday. Saturday night, we got there around 8 -- it was packed, and we were in the back bar waiting for a table for three hours. Usually that would be a deal breaker for me but the back bar has great snacks (meatballs with polenta and pesto? yum!) and the drinks were fantastic no matter what you got. (I got a gin fizz and a dark and stormy -- both great!) We were there for a birthday party and eight of us took over the back and had a fantastic time while we waited for the table.Wednesday night, three of us went around 9, and the place was still packed, full bar and tables. 1.5-hour wait for three people. Again, we enjoyed waiting in the back with some drinks and apps -- just don't go there expecting a quick meal. We got to the table a little earlier than expected. We ordered the bacon cheese burger, and the seared Albacore tuna. As the boyfriend said, the burger was decent. I had the tuna and, at $28, I was expecting a little more than three 1.5x1.5x3-in tuna slices, two small hearts of palm and some sort of marinated nut. Basically, little more than the amount I'd expect for an appetizer. Don't get me wrong, the flavor-pairing was spot on, and I ended up being very satisfied (having had some of the pretzel, a meatball, and this) but it was pretty skimpy for the price point, and I was a little disappointed that it was over-seared (almost cooked through in parts, actually).I must say, the service is spot on, the server was enthusiastic about her suggestions, and super-friendly. The bartenders are helpful, creative, and willing to go slightly off menu to find you a drink you'll like. I'd go there again, but would probably just stick with the slightly more price-point-appropriate appetizers (of which there are plenty, and could easily be enjoyed tapas-style).At the prompting of one of my Logan Square chums, I finally made it over here to L&E. My first impression was that the place seems like it's been here forever. It's perfect in it's location just off the Square and next to the Logan Blue Line stop. You walk into a festive yet unassuming bar room and into the din of conversation and neighborhood revelry. I fell in "like" immediately. The menu is amazing for a gastro pub. I can always gauge that by the number of things I don't recognize. A few examples: Pickled Sea Beans,Tot Soi, Werp Greens. Then there were the items I personally could eliminate immediately: Roasted Marrow Bones, Lamb Tartare, Foie Gras, Grilled Beef Tendon, Frog Leg Fricassee, Scottish Hare Pate, and Duck Testicles (I'm picturing these served in tiny jock straps.) My tastes are just moving more towards vegan than towards organ meats and piggy parts. But, hey, it helps narrow down the choices.Items which did catch my eye were Seared Scallops, Ricotta Gnudddi, Blue Crab Ravioli, the bar snacks of Slagel Farm meatballs with Polenta, the artisanal cheese selection, the warm cheeses Gougeres. And of course the Boar Sloppy Joe. Because I can't bring myself to order a sloppy joe out, I settled for the Slagel Family (who seem to be everywhere here!) Farms Burger. The full entree items, all in the $17-32 range, all sound like magical pairings of flavor, texture and spices. Not your standard pub fare. So we sat at the bar, had our burgers and beers, and chatted up the bartenders a little. The burger is really unique and delicious, as are the fries. Not like any other bar burger I've had. Not too gigantic and perfectly swaddled in a brioche bun. The service here was excellent, the menu eclectic and mouth-watering, and the vibe just perfect for a week night out in Logan Square. Met all of my expectations, and then some. I'll be back for more, I know.I had dinner here once and stuffed my face. Probably the most affordable Michelin starred restaurant around, and so delicious! Everyone likes the marrow here, but I think it's too sweet for my taste buds. To each their own I guess -- the best marrow I've had was at Roast in Detroit. I had that boar burger that was scrum-diddly-umptiuos. I also enjoyed the foie gras on top of some steak cut... how decadent is that?!Also came for brunch the other day and tried the tete de cochon which was very nice. I'd love to live near Logan Square and eat here all the time!!Secret Tip.  Come here after a rainstorm and ask to sit outside.  There will be no wait and most people will be terrified that it will rain again so they won't even try.  BF and I avoided an 1.5 hr wait Friday night at 10pm by doing this.  oh and get the pork belly. I've said it before and I'll say it again. AWAYS GET THE PORK BELLY. that's a motto you should keep for life.We got 5 small plates and 2 snacks and by the time the pork belly entree came, I was ready to puke from fullness. But I choked that delicious, fatty, greasy pork belly down and I. Was. Happy.But if you're not a sadist like me. Order 2 small plates, a snack and an entree for 2 people. It'll be more than enough.  That and drink their cocktails. They are delicious and only $8. A great deal compared to the stupid $12 ones everywhere else.  Just do it.When a place is packed like that at lunch time, during the week and with 23 degrees, it's got to be good. The restaurant is in the Logan Square area, it's so unpretentious from the outside that we walked by it twice without noticing it. But that's Chicago. Simple places outside, often simple inside as well and good food at good prices. After waiting 15-20 minutes, we were seated and started our lunch with a Weihenstephan Hefeweissbier, big draught for $ 6, very good beer if you like German Weiss beer. My wife ordered a Wild Boar Sloppy Joe with crispy sage and onion that was humungous and so good that - rare occurrence - she actually finished it all. I was delighted to find a dish that we eat in my hometown of Trieste, Italy and that's also common in other parts of Central Europe: Pork Cheek with black pepper cavatelli, fontina cheese and brussels sprouts. It was a flavor festival, all the ingredients flavors parading one after the other one, bite by bite, then I started to dream of....what the heck am I talking about??!!Super nice waitress, attentive service just added to what was already a very good experience. I'll try another dish here next time in Chicago. Nice selection of local whiskeys.They had me at causal style Michelin star restaurant. OK fine and more than 140 different kinds of whiskey. Decided to make the trek on a Sunday night and even then there was a wait. (Heads up: they do not accept reservations) We used that time to check out the bar area. There aren't that many seats and since some had chosen to use the space to eat it was a little tight. Besides that good cocktail list that wasn't too daring but really showcased the rye and let it shine. Not too long of a wait and we were at the table. This place isn't that big and I did feel the tables were a little close to each other. We weren't really interested in splitting a bottle after our bar crawl so decided on a carafe of Grenache. But this isn't really a review about drinks, is it?Food:Lamb Tartare: I liked this dish. Using lamb for the tartare was something I hadn't experienced before and I like the meatiness. And you can't ever go wrong with a quail egg.Roasted Marrow Bones: You'll NEVER see my skip a marrow item on a menu. Small portion but very rich and tasty and the bacon jam and sea salt were great accompaniments.Confit Tete de Lechon: A lat minute addition to our order and I'm glad it made the cut. It was just perfect and I wouldn't change a thing. I loved the mustard seed side.Foie Gras: Always a classic but could have done without the apple crumble addition.The only bummer about this place was the approx. 30 minute wait between courses. I understand it to an extent but this was the only meal in my week of Chicago eating that this happened. Then I felt guilty about being one of the last diners remaining late night, but didn't feel it was my fault. The deserts were also a big disappointment but I had to get involved when I heard there was Foie Gras ice cream. Also, get some digestifs on the menu!I came in tonight (Sunday night) and it's packed so that's a good sign this place is really good. I didn't have much of an appetite but I ordered a pretzel and tried a amaretto sour. Fantastic! Service was kind of bad but they were packed and our pretzels came out really fast. Definitely coming back. Maybe a little earlier one day and definitely going to have to try their entrees.I definitely had the best blue crab ravioli I've EVER had here at Longman & Eagle. The second best was at my mom's Portuguese friends' house when I was a wee little kid. In general, I love crab and really enjoy the flaky, meatiness to it if cooked properly. At  Longman & Eagle, it totally was.The meat of the crab tasted so fresh, I felt like the crab itself would have been happy to have been prepared in such a masterful way. And honored. Anyway, the pasta was toothsome, just the way I like it. The light and fragrant tomato-y water that was poured over the ravioli by our server enhanced this already delicious dish and gave it an elegance that I wasn't expecting.My date and I also shared the lamb tartare with a 15 minute quail egg and mustard foam, seared fôie grás with parsley puree and a nice apple bacon crumb. That apple bacon crumb was scrapped off the plate by me, it was that yummy.As an entree I had the hanger steak done medium rare which was just okay. The steak was a little too tough for my liking and I kinda wished I had gone with the monkfish instead.All in all, this meal was a great success and I look forward to eating, drinking and maybe even sleeping here in the future. The fact that L & E is also an inn is too cool in my opinion. Come for the blue crab ravioli you guys. It'll rock your world.Wow, went here after reading all the hype and this joint lived up to all the praise...We arrived expecting a huge wait (showed up at 7pm on a Saturday evening knowing it was a busy spot that didn't take reservations); after settling in to a spot at the bar for our 90 minute wait, we were thrilled when after 20 minutes and one cocktail each we were called by the hostess and seated in the back.We decided to be gluttons for the night and went with 2 bar snacks, an appetizer, a salad and 2 entrees to share (confirmed with our waitress that yes, it would be possible to finish all this and still consider desert).  Went with the warm cheese and meatball bar snacks (both were awesome) and the pork cheeks which were absolutely awesome.  I went with the Short ribs and she went with the Arctic Char.  Both were awesome and left us with just enough room for dessert.  Thrilled that the menu is seasonal, we're both looking forward to coming back when the menu changes for spring.Not that awesome. I understand a 1.5 hour wait for dinner. I understand slightly pricey drinks and food. I don't understand continual snippy service, waiters that make you do their work, and chicken that has been merely halfway cooked. Four visits have not raised my opinion of this place. Those who have enjoyed it: must be the strong drinks.3.5 stars.Longman and Eagle has some great food, and they know it. My mind was not sufficiently blown, however, to warrant the prices they are charging. And the portions are miniscule. Listen, I get that America has way too large portions but Longman and Eagle's are small even by European standards. My boyfriend disagrees with me, but I won't eat here again unless someone else is paying.The drinks, however, are fantastic and very well priced. Will come back here to drink.Inconspicuous on the outside, dark and loud on the inside are among my first impressions. It's a trendy spot in Logan and waits are long. It's typical to wait an hour-and-a-half, or more, for a table. The bar offers handcrafted cocktails and a decent beer selection. The veal heart stroganoff was delicious. Nothing else I tried was a standout, including the chocolate coffee and pumpkin waffle desserts. Service was alright. The patrons around the bar were surprisingly friendly. I may go back again for a drink, and perhaps to try another small plate. Happy I tried it but it didn't knock my socks off.Have you ever been somewhere and everything on the menu looks good.  That's this place.  So many things jumped out at me on the menu but I decided to go for the marrow bones.  The idea of combining bone marrow which is one of my favorite appetizers to get especially  since it is rarely on menus stuck out at me so much that I had to try it.  It didn't disappoint but it wasn't exactly a perfect dish.  The presentation for all is beauty, made the dish so much more difficult to eat.  The  roasted bones were standing up like little towers with the bacon shallot jam on top.  The waiter told me that most people don't get down into the bones and get the marrow and end up eating the bacon shallot jam and proclaiming it to be the best marrow ever.  This is kind of understandable with the whole setup they give you which leads you down the road and makes the actual marrow hard to get to.For everything the dish gains in beauty it loses in practicality.  This dish would have been perfect had those bones been cut lengthwise, and the bacon shallot jam spread evenly throughout.  All that aside, I'm really stretching to find fault in the dish because it tasted amazing.  You have a lot of fat in the bacon shallot jam and some sweetness.  Then to cut through the sweetness you get a little bright burst from the lemon zest.  You might think the sea salt would make things too salty in addition to the jam but if you use a light hand with both the salt and bacon jam, you can achieve perfection.I decided to try the margarita since it was the drink of the day and it definitely was a winner for me.  It had all you wanted in a drink.  The drink was about as good as a margarita as you could have.   For my second drink I would have the Longman and Eagle Manhattan.  The Manhattan is a drink I often use to measure the quality of cocktail that a place can produce.   This particular one was right on the money. For dinner I had the New York Strip.  The only fault I can find with this dish was that I had to rush through eating it in order to meet and get my camera.  When it first arrived, It almost seems as though there wasn't enough steak, but it was well more than enough.  The steak was a perfect medium rare.  I loved the crispy potatoes on top of the braised ox tail.  The sauce was very hearty and a little acidic.This place wow-ed me, which isn't easy. I had the best burger of my life. I would never ordinarily order a burger - but I had heard great things. I had high expectations. I had no idea that a burger could be that great. Just get it. Trust me.I also had the ricotta gnocchi which was superb. I had some sort of magical chocolate, caramel, praline dessert.The entire experience was wonderful. Great service. Excellent food and drink selection, and the price is reasonable.This is going to be one of my go-to restaurants.This is what Logan square is all about! What appears to be a corner dive bar with all the bones of the original tavern, unveils to offer some simply delectable food.  Anytime I see bone marrow on a menu that tends to peak my interests.  It was roasted nicely with a sweet onion jam and topped with fluer de sel and a little herb oil.  The toast points wereActually a seedless rye bread served as u would during morning breakfast.  I'm not sure if this was to bring in a sense of rustic ness or keep from being to pretentious a dish.  The skirt steak was prepared beautifully with a nice sear and marinated just enough to give it great tenderness.  I thourghly enjoyed the agglonatti that accompanied though it seemed a strange marriage.  We also enjoyed the seared Ahi tuna.  Served over a porcini mashed with a light ensalata on top.  This whiskey-centric establishment has a lot going for it.  I simply hope it isn't over run by to many ironic sports coats with patched elbows.It's alright.My tastes may be a bit too plebeian for who this place seems to be targeting, but I found the food to be pricey and a bit too froux-froux for my tastes.  Decent selection of beers.  I know the focus of this place is on bourbon, which is cool but not really my thing (makes me anger-prone).  The outdoor seating is very nice, and the staff is quite knowledgable.  I'm not disparaging the place, it seems to be made for someone who is not me.I dined here last week when I was in Chicago and had an extremely memorable experience.  Server was great, food was spectacular and no complaints about the prices either.  I will be returning! Thank you L & E! Well done!This place really delivered for me on service but the meal overall fell flat. I decided to get two smaller plates instead of a large dinner -- I decided on the roasted marrow and the seared foie. The former was probably the highlight of my entire meal. It was well done and tasted good but did not blow me away in any way. The foie just fell flat for me. I had such high hopes for it but the sear wasn't great on it, which can make or break foie in opinion. The dessert I got was the Pistachio Waffle which also had little flavor. The marshmallow was a great touch but it was such a small part of it that it was rendered inconsequential. The one thing that did blow me away was the fantastic, attentive service. For that reason alone, I'm willing to give this place another shot when I'm in town again. Maybe it was an off night.So, I have been here two other times before which were amazing and went for my husband's birthday brunch this past Saturday.  There's usually a pretty long wait, but the staff upfront does a good job keeping expectations and they stay pretty true to their wait times.  It's nice to lounge around with a cocktail or a cup of coffee while you wait.  My husband got the Longman lemonade and I got their iced coffee blend.  Both were delicious and a refreshing way to start the day.I stuck with my usual cauliflower and lentil dish I got both times before so I decided since I was craving it, to go with it.    It tasted a little off, almost bitter, and I actually got a little sick almost immediately after leaving the restaurant.  My husband had the Cubano and he said it was "just alright."  He's had better items on the menu before such as the duck confit or the wild boar sandwiches.  I guess we all have our days but I had to take away some stars for this past visit.  The staff is great,  and food is usually very good.  Despite getting an upset stomach, I would still come back and give this place another try since the past two visits were out of this world amazing.  I wish I could give 3.5 stars but since we both left not loving the food, I simply could not rate it fully on our past experiences but put that into consideration.It wasn't terrible but it wasn't uhmazingMy boyfriend and I split the pretzel, the bison sloppy Jo and the pistachio waffle.The pretzel was delicious, crispy on the outside, nice and doughy on the inside and it came with a mustard/cheese dipping sauce? Whatever it was good. And the pretzel was actually decent sized.The sloppy Jo was the best I've ever had. It was aaaah so good. My boyfriend didn't like the fact that the bread was soft, but he's a weirdo, that's how sloppy Jo bread is supposed to be. Oh and the beef fat fries were also really good. Crispy on the outside nice and soft on the I inside. And the amount of food was enough for the two of usThe biggest disappointment was the dessert. The waffle wasn't crunchy on the outside but instead very mushy. Didn't taste much like pistachio and they give you like 1/8 of the actually waffle. The ice cream on the other hand was actually pretty good, and I'm not much of a ice cream personMy boyfriend got an oatmeal stout and I got the dark and stormy which was good, and apparently strong. It snuck up on me The service wasn't terrible but our water pitcher disappeared and didn't come back for awhile.Pretty cool ambienceCocktails and cowboy dreams! Excellent bourbon selection.  My greatest Chicago memory is central to Longman!  After walking miles in the blizzard of 2010, Longman was there to welcome these culinary explorers with warming bourbon and bison sloppy joes!   Always a great when we end up at longman after a crazy night of drinking.  It's great atmosphere and interesting menu options is what brings us back time and time again!Chicken. And. Waffles.Only been here once in my two years in Chicago. Fantastic food and drinks. My girlfriend and I lucked out and found a spot at the bar instead of having to wait a ton for seats. Ended up trying the meatballs with polenta and the burger with fries. I was a big fan, but the girlfriend thought the burger was lacking a bit. Most likely because we just had the Au Cheval burger a week earlier. Yes, I still believe Au Cheval's burger is the best in Chicago, and possibly the country, but L&E was a good eat. Also tried a few of the whiskey cocktails, including the Word Search (had about three of these). I'll definitely make it a point to return for brunch.Great spot to grab a fine scientific concoctionDown by the cool side of the divideGet a seat outside on sidewalk if its possibleOr just head on in because either way you're good And don't forget the food side if the equation here either EnjoiFound this place on Yelp because the sign is so inconspicuous! I must say what a place this is! The service is A+, they are attentive and very personable! Moving on to the food. They really wow me there as well. I had this omelet with potatoes which both were so good. Even their own blend of coffee was rocking. Although their menu has only a few items. Their food is unique and they are masters of what they offer. Will be coming back again and referring people to try this place out.Calling all sophisti-catz! I found a place just for you ;)This place is cool with a rugged edge. LOVE LOVE LOVE the vibe, decor, food, and whiskeys *ahem* not an alcoholic I swear.Vibe: It calls out to 20s-30s crowd, casual, cool, and little upscale feel.Decor: A little rustic country, edgy, and vintage.  Mason jars, old tattered style signageService: Speedy, simple and friendly.Food: - Chicken & Waffles - melts in you mouth, perfect combination of crispysaltysweet. (I die a little inside thinking about it!) OH and the sweet potatoes that come with it...SERIOUSLY guys did you put crack in it? It was so good. I wanted more, ugh #firstworldproblems-Wild Boar Sloppy Joe -  I thought of Billy Madison."You like em nice and sloh-peee heheheh"  Yumsies all around.  Obligatory order because it was mentioned on here about 9233422 times, jk. Overall, a must go and a must come-back.We've had L&E on our bucket list for a long time and decided to hubby's birthmonth (yes, he gets a whole month) was a proper occasion.We had mentally prepared ourselves to wait a really long time. We were pleasantly surprised when the wait was only 15 min shortly before 6:00 on a Saturday. It's a nice space and I wouldn't mind hanging out here for a few hours.We started with the bone marrow and rabbit small plates. Both were fantastic. Our entrees, unfortunately, were not as successful. Our guts told us to go with the wild boar sloppy joe and the seasonal soft shell crab. Our server recommended the steak and the skate. We should have trusted our guts but went with the recommendation. We didn't care for the oatmeal that accompanied the steak. The skate reminded me of a stuffed sole that you find at weddings that spring for fish. The accompanying succotash was good but not quite good enough. For dessert we had the terrine, which was lovely and a good portion. Hubby got a complementary shot for his b-day. Our server was very nice. But the bar service was pretty slow, especially on what seemed to be an uncharacteristically slow Saturday. It seemed like our drinks took a while. We hope to return with our guts in check.Went for a late brunch during the week, service was a tad slow and food was a bit lukewarm but all else was good.Ordered:Corn bisque soup with avocado, smoked Creme Fraiche +French toast with whipped pistachio +Duck eggs with shallots/potatoes + Bloody Mary (a bit watery but still good)The hands-down best meal I've enjoyed in Chicago so far. I arrived with a group of 7, knowing we'd encounter the long wait - gave our number to the hostess and headed down the street to Scofflaw for 2.5 hours. Our group shared a bunch of small and large plates and a handful of desserts. Standouts were the burrata, lamb tartare, pork cheek pasta, praline pecan terrine. Service was fantastic and the drinks are affordable. I'll take a long wait over an impossible-to-get reservation any day. Arrive with patience and L&E will make it worthwhile. Can't wait to get back.I'm sad to write this review but feel it should be put out into the universe.  On my 2nd visit to Longman & Eagle, there was a STAPLE IN MY GRITS  Yes, a metal, sharp staple that belongs in a stapler or on paper.  Luckily, I was sitting outside on the terrace and the sunlight caught a piece of metal which brought it to my attention before I consumed it.  This is the beginning of the story, unfortunately.  After notifying the waiter and his waiter-in-training of the issue he promptly brought out another serving of grits... and that was about the last we saw of both of them.  It seems we embarrassed them (?) by speaking to the manager on duty, and they never returned to check on our food, if we needed anything else, etc.  Basically the staple was bad, but the way they handled it was worse.  I had to do a lap of the restaurant just to get my bill!!  The manager was nice enough to comp our meal, but also never returned to check on us.  Such a shame!  I will not be returning.... it's simply not good enough to forget this experience.I mean.....COME. ON. This place! I don't even know where to begin!Okay - so I've had brunch here a couple of times, and, of course, it's amazing. AMAZING. But last night I went there for dinner with two girlfriends, and...well, I'll never be the same. We had the...1) Meatballs2) Lamb Tartare3) Seared Foie Gras4) Scallops5) Pork Belly & BBQ Gulf Shrimp6) Hangar Steak7) Arctic Char8) Maine Lobster9) Pumpkin Waffle...and every single dish was amazing. It looked amazing, smelled amazing, and tasted amazing. We couldn't stop marveling at how delicious everything was.The servers and bartenders were efficient, thorough, and super fun and friendly. The manager, Jeff, was especially wonderful and attentive - plus, he has a sweet red beard!L&E is ALWAYS packed, no matter when you go, but don't let the long wait times deter you. IT'S WORTH THE WAIT.This place should pass out drool cups as a marketing tactic cause just thinking about all this delicious makes the ol' saliva ducts go into overdrive!Their cocktails are different, refreshing and always delicious. The staff has always been super friendly. I've only really gone for brunch, but I'd like to hit the dinner sometime too. Get to it, folks!This place is awesome.  It has a bar on the patio in the back if you just want to grab a drink or are waiting for your table.  The menu has a good range of options regarding food type, style, and price.  For example we had bone marrow, oysters, and a sloppy joe with fries.  Overall, the food was amazing and I feel like you could go back over and over and still be surprised.The other thing that really stood out is that the servers were amazing.  They were extremely knowledgeable about the menu and food and drinks in general.  You can tell the owners/managers know who to hire.  After being there once, I think its one of the best places in Chicago.This review is mostly for the hotel. My husband and I stayed in one of the rooms they have upstairs. We had Room #13, which is one of the smaller ones but just big enough for our needs. The bed is very comfortable and I loved the soaps and shampoos they provide! Everything was nice and clean. There is a refrigerator in the room and a snack bar, and they also give you two tokens for free whiskey pours downstairs. The wifi wasn't working very well, so we just called downstairs and they gave us the restaurant's wifi and password, which worked fine. The toilet in the shower thing was kind of weird, but I was in the room with my husband so it wasn't that big of a deal. We did make sure that we did #2 before we arrived, because even though we're married, we have our limits. There was some noise from our neighbors and downstairs, but I hardly noticed it. All in all, we were really happy we chose to stay the night. Rooms fill up quick (we booked ours over a month in advance) so plan accordingly.Parking was easy -- there is a lot across the street with ample spots, and we were there on a Sunday night so it was free until Monday morning. Only annoying thing was that we had to feed the meter at midnight, and it only lets you pay 10 hours at a time, so I had to feed it again at 10am (one hour before checkout). Wouldn't have been so bad if it wasn't the middle of winter and I wasn't hungover. Apparently there is free street parking nearby as well. Because we stayed at the hotel, we were able to put our name down for a table when we checked in. We told the hostess we'd like to eat at 9pm, and when we came downstairs for dinner, we were seated right away. Everyone was very friendly -- my husband was a little concerned that since the place serves "fancy-schmancy" food, the environment would be a little more snotty. But that wasn't the case at all.  The food. Possibly the best meal I've ever had. I'm having a hard time trying to think of another that compares. Every dish we ordered was the kind where you take the first bite, close your eyes, nod and pretty much have a food orgasm. We ordered the meatballs, roasted bone marrow, scallops and foie gras, fried chicken roulade, wild boar sloppy joe and meyer lemon meringue pie. I can't wait to go back!Came here with two friends who love whiskey, and it is really easy to miss. After we made our way to this development, we ordered some drinks and a PBR breakfast, and made fun of someone who never had PBR before. Come here for their whiskey. There are so many options that it is very easy to get overwhelmed, so ask your waiter/waitress. He/she will definitely be very helpful, and if you are still indecisive, try one (or more) of their flights of their WHISKAAAAAAAAAAY!You may be inspired to reserve an entire wall of your residence for whiskey after coming here.Amazing bourbon offering (I counted 127 different bourbons on the list), and an equally impressive  rye and scotch list. The food, ah the food. Small plate of a gueyerge cream puff to start - so light, airy, ethereal... And then WHAM! Evil salty, amazing cheese!The slow roasted cauliflower with mango, beluga lentils and golden raisins was amazing. Washed it all down with a New Belgium Imperial Rampant IPA - very good.  If you haven't had a date with serendipity yet, stop waiting to accidentally happen upon a great gem and get in here!I went to Longman & Eagle for brunch with a friend. I immediately felt out of place, seeing that I was devoid of a skateboard, backpack, four days of stubble, and some sort of workmanlike, flannel attire. The wait was "20 minutes" despite the fact that there were open tables--and the open tables remained open. We went to the bar to pass the time. Finally, 30 minutes came and went, so we opted to simply eat at the bar in the spirit of expediency. The food was solid--good, not spectacular. The drinks were inexpensive, but again, not mind-blowing. The appeal of PBR is lost on me. I appreciate irony in literature or film, not in food and beverage choices.This is a decent place to have brunch, but certainly not worth the fuss.Awesome eats within a cool atmosphere.  Staff was very friendly.  I really enjoyed the DUCK BALLS and short rib!  They were DELISH as I wipe off my cheek.Great place. In fact, this is the first place I've been to where they have a Michelin star (we're not talking about bib gourmand here) AND the meal comes out cheaper than $30 a meal per person! I know, sounds ridiculous.Upon entering and having to wait on line, we decided to grab a drink. They didn't have the one I wanted, but it's okay. I totally forget the name of it because THIS PLACE IS WHERE I FOUND MY MOST FAVORITE BEER: Tripel Karmeliet. Just sip that majestic liquid gold.My friend and I ordered a few things out of their menu. I know it changes seasonally but I have heard that their burgers are very very good. Hell, it was one of the cheapest dishes that they offered too! Decided to go with that while my friend got the Sloppy Joe. Nod to the spicier Sloppy Joe over the burger. And upon looking at the table next to us, they ordered the Bacon Wrapped Loin of Rabbit. Looked very intriguing, so we thought, why the hell not?! Meal was cheap already. We ordered it as our appetizer. Truthfully, it was just okay. Not as gamey as I had hoped, and a bit more bland and dry. Thank you Longman and Eagle for always pursuing to make things taste better and easier on our wallets!Finding parking was a pain because most of the street parking was permit parking only for the residents. My friends and I went at 7:30pm on a Monday evening. The host asked us if we wanted to be seated outdoors because she could seat us almost right away as opposed to a 20-30 minute wait for a table inside. We chose to sit outside which may have not been the best idea since it was a very humid Chicago day.Service was extremely slow...took us 2.5 hours to get through all the courses. And of course we were starving.I had the roasted bone marrow and scallops & pork cheek. Both were good but nothing amazing. Portions are very small- both the small and large plates. We ordered the twinkie, sesame donuts, & pralined pecan terrine for dessert to share. The twinkie was overpowered by the sazerac and resembled a cake roll. We all enjoyed the donuts and terrine however.5 stars for their brunch. Why? One of the best Bloody Mary's in the city!Service staff is awesome and all of the brunch dishes we've tried are phenomenal. AND - they serve breakfast/brunch every day of the week! My go-tos are the PBR breakfast with toast, crabcake benedict, duck hash, and the croque madame. My husband is a fan of the chicken and waffles. Never had a bad dish. Posted several photos of items we have tried in the past. Gets very, very busy so if it's prime brunch time expect a wait. Great outdoor patio.But I would return again and again for the Bloody Mary!Looks like a dark corner bar on the outside, but more of hipster type interior.  Fantastic drink assortment, great food (small plates, not cheap, unusual protein choices, kind of the current thing to do, but they did it well).Finally had the opportunity to wine and dine at Longman & Eagle a while ago.My friends and I probably attempted a handful of times to go but the wait was always ridiculous! We finally went on a Friday at around 4-5PM, HA!It's a pretty small and tight place.My favorite drink was Dante's Paradise which had grapefruit and a nice kick. Yummy.Food, I remember trying the Wild Boar Sloppy Joe and Bacon Wrapped Rabbit Loin. Both were delicious! Highly recommend. I'm dying to go back to try their other menu items!Except for the beef fat fries, Longman & Eagle was pretty disappointing. The wild boar sloppy joe - which many Yelpers rave about - was terribly disappointing. For $14, you'd except more than a thin layer of mush and an awkward pickled jalapeno that is so spicy, you can't taste anything else. The beef fat fries were really good and I ate every piece.They have a huge selection of whiskey though it was a beer day (hot and muggy outside). They didn't turn on the a/c that day (or maybe they're a/c-free).Service was disappointing; Ronco style: serve it and forget it. I think I tipped the ungrateful bartender $2 on a $25 check and he should be grateful for that.I really hate to mar the reputation of this highly ranked restaurant and bar... However...Ok. Today, my sis was in the marathon while I was in visiting from SF. She lives in the area so based on other reviews and other personal recommendations via sis and strangers, I decided I wanted to check it out. Sis and BF tell me it might be crowded on this particular Sunday bc of the race so I call ahead. Hostess tells me I can EASILY get a seat at the bar as a party of one. But the wait for a table is at least a 1.5 hrs. So I walk on over (10 min later). I get there say hello to said hostess and start scoping out bar for a seat. She says yea, all these people are waiting for their tables so you'll be fine. Ok. Start waiting. Waiting. Waiting.........  No luck. All the people waiting for tables keep snatching my potential bar stools!! I decide, ok I really want to eat here but I'll wait until it's 9pm and go to a neighboring restaurant for snack and beer. I come back. It's exactly the same wait time and lack of bar seating. Hostess tells me oh, well there's our OSB. Btw, this stands for "off site bar" (not outside bar). This place is way more chill and I could eat here, except it's just apps! I really want to try their food! So I kindly explain my experience to "Mae" working at OSB. She seems very understanding and says ok don't worry we will fix this. She takes me back up front and tells bartender to hold me a place at the bar once it opens. He says ok.................. But then a couple of guys I think were his friends show up. I'm neglected and after waiting an additional 10-15 min I decide to give up. :( Boo. I was really looking forward to the experience!Major +++ for Mae. She was great. Hostess should've just put me on the list once we realized I was never getting a bar seat!! That would've been common sense. But maybe she was too young for that?I really do love this place! It's right off the Logan Square Blue Line so super convenient to get to. The selection of whiskey is amazing, the dishes are absolutely delicious and the atmosphere is great. Unfortunately, (1) they don't take reservations and (2) a table of 8 is already pushing it so not exactly the best for large groups. When I go back to Chicago ever to visit, I'm definitely coming here!Absolutely awesome. One of the best meals I've had in a long time.The cocktail menu is flawless and wonderfully affordable. There's also a full page list of $3 whiskey pours. The worst part about eating here is making up your mind what to order.I flew 4000 miles just to be able to try the green pea soup and the burger at Longman & Eagle. I was not disappointed, not one bit. World class food, right in the heart of Chi-town! The delicious cuts of meat brought tears of joy to my face (yes, seriously). Even though more than two years have passed since my last visit, the name Logan Square still makes me indulge in enjoyable recollection of past events. The culinary delights of this establishment will surely bring me back once again to The Windy City. Mark my words.This place is dangerous. The long wait, the tinny dinning room, the squeeze between you and your next door diner, everything seems like a recipe for a disaster. Yet people consistently recommend and suggest this place for dinner. They pour here on weekend nights like it's the last place on earth for dinner, and the wait can be somewhat ridiculous (come one, 2 hours wait? More like a scare tactic for non-serious diners)Yet one day I caved. I knew I'd be annoy about the wait, but I braved it up and let my friends took me here for dinner. I wanted to know why Longman & Eagle was soo popular. The reason is very simple. The food it self! Every single bite was orgasmic. All the dishes we ordered was on point and well executed! The highlights were the bone marrow and king crab salad. Both carried different flavor but balanced each other well. But seriously, order anything on this menu, I'm sure you wouldn't be disappointed. The drinks though, were a different story, both in a good and bad way. They were delicious and super strong. I suffered a small incident in the end due to over-consumption of alcoholic beverage, resulting in bot being able to have dessert. I think they ordered the Yuzu Cake, and I think they liked it, I think - I don't remember anything after our last course was served.Services was good, very hipster place, but not pretentious! The wait realistically was more like an hour, we put our name down and went to a near by bar (Billy Sunday - highly recommend). The whole time this lady's butt was on my face, since we sat near the bar and she was standing there waiting for her table. She might have been the reason why I drank too much. But really, I wish they have a reservation system or a bigger space! Will for sure stop by for brunch sometimes soon!Went here for my birthday 2 weeks ago and was not disappointed! We went big, with an appetizer, large plates, cocktails, and dessert and everything was superb! This is a meat lovers paradise! I ordered the fried chicken and biscuits. The white meat was wrapped in the dark meat and then wrapped in the skin, which meant a super delicious, tender-on-the-inside-crispy-on-the-outside piece of chicken. We got there early-ish, about 5:30 on a Friday night and were seated right away, but it got packed shortly after. I can't believe I don't go there more often since I'm always blown away by how good it is!I'm sad to say that Longman has passed its prime. The dinner menu, while still good, has changed for the worse. They've started relying too heavily on gimmicks and forgetting about taste (also, foams? Really? So outdated!).I've had a few too many experiences with truly rude staff. This is unfortunate because I've also had some awesome service here, but one jerk can ruin an entire dining experience. I always try to be a polite and nice customer, and I am willing to spend big on good food and good service, but not sneering bartenders who are drunk with power. I get the feeling that some at Longman have the attitude that they no longer have to provide a great experience because the crowds will come no matter what. I've been here many times, but at this point I'm not sure I'll be coming back.My two whiskey-loving friends and I came here for some drinks on a Saturday night and were redirected across the courtyard to OSB at L&E, their more intimate and less crowded "microbar" area. Not being much of a whiskey drinker, I can't speak to the liquor we tasted, but the High West Rendezvous Rye had a nice spicy kick. Our waiter, who had sideburns to rival Abe Lincoln's, was friendly and gave us some nice drink and food recommendations.Negroni: This had a stronger bitter aftertaste than other Negronis I've tried (likely due to the orange zest), but it smelled wonderful.Pretzel with Welsh Rarebit: A warm, croissant-shaped pretzel covered in sea salt flakes. I loved its slightly dense chewiness. The accompanying cheese was also nice, though quite sharp!Pork paté: Don't remember the name of this one, but the platter contained half a baguette, a spoonful of whole-grain mustard and a cute jar (approx. the size of a double shot glass) of pork paté and cooked-down rhubarb. An interesting blend of sweet, savory and spicy flavors -- my friends enjoyed it immensely.As I always say, bonus points for having very nice bathrooms.Amazing Sunday Brunch. My friend and I ended up spending 4 hours here going through dish after dish - everything we tried was fantastic. Pick anything off the menu - you are not likely to be disappointed. I recall the bloody mary being particularly deliciousReview of the Sunday Donut Shop:Chocolate RingVanilla CrullerCinnamon RingChestnut FilledModestly impressed by the food but disgusted by the service during my first visit to hipster hotspot Longman & Eagle it was with guarded curiosity that we stopped in for the newly minted Sunday Donut Shop on the weekend following Thanksgiving, a first in line spot and expectedly disinterested service the reward for our pre-9am arrival along with four hot donuts ranging from entirely forgettable to prototypical.  A surprisingly limited selection despite the seemingly special once-weekly concept and served "around back" at $3-4/per it was with two yeasted standards that out tasting began and with simple cinnamon-sugar plus dark chocolate toppings the results were simply mundane, the texture a bit doughy and creativity entirely for lack - a 69 cent donut at best.  Moving next to the filled selection, in this case a divine roasted chestnut pudding inside a paczki-like pocket, results definitely improved along with complexity and at last tasting the rich, crisp vanilla bean cruller it almost seemed L&E had found its footing...until I realized better donuts, wider variety, and superior service can be found at no less than a dozen Chicago locations every day of the week.1. Friendly Waitstaff2. Perfect food portions/value3. Steak n' eggs for brunch - OMG.4. Fresh squeezed OJ -Yum5. Dinner Menu - can't wait to come back and try!First timer, party of 4, shared to sample as much as possible.SUBLIME Gougeres (ordered a second serving)Pralined Pecan TerrineSweet Corn Pop TartVERY GOODHudson Valley Fôie GrásBlue Crab RavioliDark & Stormy (cocktail)The Disguise (cocktail)Dante's Paradise (cocktail)GOODRoasted Marrow Bones (not my thing)Confit of Pacific OctopusSerrano Wrapped Pork TenderloinWild Boar Sloppy JoeMEDIOCREFrog Leg FricasseeSpring Fling (cocktail)I've lived in Chicago over 3 years and finally got around to eating @ Longman & Eagle last night. We (two of us) went at 7:30 on a Wednesday, put our name in, and had a 20 - 30 minute wait. We mosied to the bar to look over the drink menu which was EXTENSIVE. A bartender must have seen our look of 'holy shit' as he asked us what we liked and if he could help. After describing likes/dislikes he made a recommendation for each of us which was amazing (beer options, whiskey, and mixed drinks you can't go wrong). Once seated, the waiter guided us through the menu and asked if we had any allergies. After alerting him to one, he pointed out all of the dishes that were safe to eat and then at dessert brought me a menu where he took a permanent marker to black out everything that was off limits for me (found it thoughtful and very funny). Overall - Excellent, want to go back and soon.Service: FANTASTICFood: Delicious! Scallops, Octopus, Roasted Cauliflower, TerrineAmbiance: Calming and unpretentiousOther Notes: It's hard to find as it's not very clearly marked. They also have rooms upstairs if you're an out of towner and want to stay in the 'hood.L&E is my go-to spot for bringing people from out of town in hopes of impressing them with Chicago's food scene and hipster vibe.  I've accidentally been there every week for the past four weeks while doing this.  Foodwise, I think the food is 80% WOW AMAZING INCREDIBLE i want more more more, and 20% 'eh, it's good, but I don't see what the big deal is'.  And it sucks if you go for a visit and get all that 20% (as happened to me two weeks ago), but it's awesome if you go and get all the 80% (like last night).Service, I like it, I like the hipsters, I like the people who are really passionate about food, I like that they want you to like it and tell you about how the kitchen works and give you recommendations based on what you say you like.  Drinks are great.  All the whiskey cocktails are fantastic, and the other ones are also awesome.  I loved the Kedzie (cucumber, grapefruit, gin, delicious and crisp) and the Super Rodriguez (it has angostura in it, and I hate angostura but I liked this drink!) and the Dante's Paradise (?) with tastes like a charred grapefruit with some smoky spiciness.  The drinks are clever and delicious and you really can't go wrong if you ask for some advice and tell the server what you like.Decor: dark, super hip, lots of wood.  The ceiling makes me think it's a floor!  Because of the wood paneling.  Bathroom is nice.Okay so back to the most important thing FOOD.  The menu changes literally every week (I know because I have been there!) but some things stay on because they are good.Get this:DEFINITELY, every time, small plate: Bone Marrow: with a bacon-lemon jam, sea salt, and some tasty buttery bread.  I think this is the best thing at L&E and it stays on the menu for good reason.  It's fantastic.PROBABLY, but they're big, entrees : Wild Boar Sloppy Joe: includes a big pepper, crispy onions, and it's the best sloppy joe you'll have.  The only reason I say maybe is because it's an entree and maybe you feel like eating a ton of small plates instead.  But it's very, very good.Burger: also very very good.  And reasonably sized!Fish dish: I'm usually leery of fish in places that do meat well, but our marlin last night with oxtail ravioli and szechuan style beans was perfect.  Think about getting this:Foie gras dish: it's always foie gras, nicely seared, with an interesting seasonal plating.  Last night had pickled rhubarb and some kind of foam and was fantastic.  Another time was a chocolate whoopie pie, not as good.  That was in the 20%.  Crab dish: a salad, with bright citrusy notes and interesting foliage.  Vegetarian pasta dish: I really liked the fava bean agnoletti.  The creamy, tender, sweet fava bean filled it.Skip:I don't like the cauliflower lentil appetizer with raita and mango (last time they forgot the mango), but it's very popular because it's always on there.  I think it's sort of bland and too much of the same thing compared to the other entrees and small plates.Also, the bacon wrapped loin of rabbit with puff pastry.  I had two servers recommend it, and I had it one time, and it's just not that great.  The bacon flavor doesn't really complement the light gamy rabbit, and it's just a teensy square of puff pastry.Tete de cochon is a tricky proposition.  I like pig face meat a LOT, but the one time I had it at L&E the pickles were way too strong to eat with it, even given how meaty and flavorful pig face is.  Basically, I love L&E, and adore it 80% of the time.  Enough for a 5 star review to me!  Oh yeah the bad things about it: the wait is horrific.  Brunch looked pretty empty at 11:30 on a Saturday (I went to the OSB pop up sausage shop instead), but dinner gets ridiculous.  But at 8 on a Thursday night I only waited for 40 minutes while sipping deliciousness at the bar.  At 5 on a Saturday, no wait.  At 7:30 on a Tuesday for four people, 10 minute wait.Longman & Eagle is a restaurant that has been raved to be since my first visit to Chicago back in March.  I finally decided to have dinner on my most recent trip.  My boyfriend recommended we go on a weekday since the weekend wait can get very long.  Thursday night at about 7pm, we had to wait 45 minutes.  The bar was already packed so we went to their back bar.  Found two seats at the bar and enjoyed some drinks.  The bartender was able to recommend a nice west coast IPA (I honestly prefer west coast beer over midwest, sorry!).  After that beer I ventured to their much acclaimed cocktails -- though I am not a cocktail person so my opinion isn't always the best.  I went with their lemonade (I forget the name).  It was delicious and not too sweet or too strong.  Here in Seattle we don't have many hour long waits -- and those waits are usually shorter than quoted, so I got worried when no one came to get us.  My boyfriend told me they will find us, and sure enough they did!We ended up ordering three small plates and one large plate.  It left us satisfied but not stuffed, which was perfect for us.  They gave us delicious complimentary bites as we waited for our first plate.   The bone marrow seems very popular so it was our first dish.  It was very good -- but we both felt a bit barbaric trying to scrape the goodies out of the bone -- and there wasn't much bone marrow.  I don't think I would want to pay that much for what I got again.  Since the rest of the menu is rotating I won't go into to much detail about each dish, except they were all amazing.  All for their dishes come with different parts.  A dollop of sauce here, a pile of stuff there... make sure to get all components of the dish on one bite!  All parts of the plate have a purpose and they do wonders when put together!I cannot wait to come back!Came for late lunch but it was between services. TFW lunch turns into dinner.Dishes sampled. To avoid being redundant, every dish was too small except the last 3.Meatball and Polenta: Great dish. Meatballs were glorious, polenta rich and creamy. Pretzel and Rarebit: Pretzel was very dark(may or may not appeal to you). Cheese was very nice, but overall probably too salty.Bone Marrow: I've always been critical of marrow. This was great. It's still overrated as the dish is dependent on it's toppings, but not a bad bite.Octopus: Very nice. Interesting texture. Finally had beef tendon, spent the rest of the day wondering why the hell it's becoming trendy.Sweetbreads: I've tried many things, this was one thing I had trouble imagining myself eating. I'm glad I did. Reminded me of chicken fried steak. Greens with Green Goddess Dressing: Not bad, not worth it. Bacon Wrapped Rabbit: Very nice. Felt bad because we figured we were eating the cousin of the rabbit that lives in our back yard. :(Wild Boar Sloppy Joe: Worst dish of the night. The sloppy joe I had at Salt & Pepper diner the night before was considerably better. texture is too lose, messy and not really that good. We got some desert but lets be serious, contemporary deserts all taste the same.Okay, I was just recently here for my company party. the drinks were great, but I was surprised yet again my the food. Meatball in grits with a red sauce?! Like Wow it was so good. You have to try this appetizer. Then there was the big pretzel which was a cross between croissant and some delicious.... it just wasn't pretzel like and it cam with a beer tasting cheese sauce. Yum! The moose drool and the Manhattans did it for me. I love this place! I'm going to use every excuse I can to just go there.In the beginning of Fall...2012...(& I'm making summer plans to revisit)I snuck in here (no wait!) on a weekday afternoon and sat out on the patio. The clientele was an interesting mix of - businessmen talkin' shop, tourists talkin' stops and gastropub "ladies who lunch" talkin' talkin' talkin'.  All the conversations swirled together to enhance my intoxication with the atmosphere of the outdoor space. It's like sitting out in a neighbor's backyard and the service was just as friendly.  I enjoyed not only the delicious asparagus rhubarb salad with shaved goat cheese and a one hour egg, but also the filtered light (shade trees above) and free wi-fi. My simple glass of chardonnay was the perfect complement to the salad. Looking forward to going back for more!We ate dinner up at the bar and it was awesome. The food we ordered came within 5 minutes of us ordering. I had the sloppy joe and it was bomb. It comes with a ton fries too! The bar has a huge selection of craft beers which was awesome. They also have a large selection of 3 dollar whiskey shots! I highly recommend stopping by if you ever get a chance!The food is incredible, but seating and waitstaff weren't so hot.  Although some of it is out of their control, be prepared to correct your server and add an additional forty minutes to whatever they say your wait will be.I hardly ever write a review. And I shouldn't, because I want to keep this place to myself, but with a Michelin star two years in a row, the cat's out of the bag.Where do I start? It's busy. I had to wait for an hour for a table on a Sunday, but the bartender was friendly, as were other people at the bar. Perhaps I must credit the Logan Square location for this. I don't know. I don't care. I would have endured longer. I would have endured being held up at gunpoint in the rain had I known what was coming. Squab Paté, Giardinière, Sourdough Tartines - Solid. Very good start. Simple, but it's supposed to be simple. Herb Crusted Veal Cheek, Braised Celery, Mission Fig, Smoked Fingerling Potatoes, Fonduta di Alba - Flavorful. Great texture to the veal and the fig made an excellent counterpoint. Poor baby cow. It did not die in vain. My wife ordered a salad with crab and something like caviar (it's not on the menu anymore and I was there yesterday), and it was just barely too fishy for me, but other than the one ingredient (was it caviar?), all the flavors connected and it was fresh and complicated (in a good way) when this type of dish is ordinarily not my type of thing at all. They made it work. Seared Hudson Valley Foie Gras, Pickled Turnip, Leek, Bacon, Quail Egg "Bullseye," Housemade Brioche, Winter Melon-Sauternes Reduction - I asked my server about this and he did not speak. He only nodded his head vigorously. While perhaps inherent to the dish itself, perfect flavors, and perfect textures. The clouds parted and the angels sang and God kissed me on the cheek. Venison Three WaysRoasted Leg - delicious, sliced into mini-filetsHousemade Sausage - flavorful and freshCalzone - a bit spicy, and really goodMany Garnishes - indeed, and all as great as the venison itselfGreat beer. I had some nice Belgian triples, and they have solid drinks. You know, I didn't even miss my red wine. Screw red wine. This is the 21st Century. I'm going gastropub. And then, while dessert is not my thing . . .Our server recommended Fried Apple Pie, Caramelized Cheddar, Rosemary, Smoked Graham Cracker Ice Cream, Bacon Powder, Spiced Poaching Syrup. Very good. The bacon adds a great flavor and the poaching syrup oozes out of the pie and tastes almost like perfect happiness. I say almost like perfect happiness because perfect happiness is the Charred Olive Oil Doughnut, Bangladeshi Almond Cream, Tanzanian Hot Chocolate, Hazelnut Praline, Aerated Orange. The donuts are fresh and soft, almost gooey. They sit atop a sea of cream, and make sure you dig down a bit to make sure the donuts on top get some cream. Next, you dip the donuts into the chocolate, and this might just be the best dessert I have ever had. Perhaps my North Shore friends would not want to come to Logan Square, step over scraps of street litter, and rub shoulders with hipsters. Perhaps others want white tablecloths and staff so serious and somber that they may as well be presiding over a funeral. Don't care. Good. Stay away then. More for us. I'm coming back if I have to sell something to pay for my next meal here, but I won't have to because the prices are reasonable. I would have paid double and thanked them for the privilege. I think I gave my server a 30% tip. I'm not sure. After the donuts I was giddy, and from the food, not the alcohol. If you like this place, there's something wrong with you because you should LOVE it. I hope bone marrow is still on the menu when I get there. Save me a seat. I'll be back.Excellent new American cuisine, excellent drinks, properly-dim lighting -- and Michelin-recommended. Crowded come the weekend, but accommodating for any much-needed midweek dinners or nightcaps.While there, definitely try the "Headlong Fall" and the "Blood & Sand," cocktail-wise, along with MANY an order of the Cheese Gougeres.So, I came here around 9 pm on a Friday night and the place was packed.  The downside: they don't take reservations here. The wait ended up being about two hours (which sounds horrendous), but it wasn't too bad because we ordered some drinks at the bar while we waited. I had the slow roasted cauliflower dish with the beluga lentils, which was actually really good. However, good enough to be a $17 dish? Meh. The best thing I had here was probably the dessert: the pumpkin pain d'epice waffle. The waffles, fried hazelnuts, pumpkin brulee, and pumpkin-curry ice cream--gahh they all went so well together (and yes, worth every bit of the $9).Expect to spend about $50-60/person.I'd like to come back here for brunch, since everyone seems to rave about itI came here with a friend on a whim and we had a perfectly fine experience. The menu is most definitely a meat and whisky lover's paradise. I like my bubbles and salad, however, and they also had this. Otherwise, I'd have been quite lost.We shared a salad with mostly greens and gobs of green goddess dressing. And when I say gobs I mean it was drowning. I did not like this. I did like the venison pate. This was very good and I highly recommend. I did want cornichons (the little pickles) and was sad not to see them on the plate. I'd still order it again, though.The burger was fairly good though it was a little too salty for my liking. I did enjoy the beef fat fries more than I ought to have. (Oof. My pants were a little tight as I left.)Perfectly charming staff and nice atmosphere. I might come again and try something different.SATURDAY SAUSAGE SHOP?!!? That's it, I'm moving in. Lamb and Pork Bratwurst and a Crispin cider is MY idea of a perfect Saturday afternoon. And at $10, it's a totally affordable lunch treat. Just perfect, I LOVE the new back bar OSB at L&E.GAME CHANGER!!!!          I go out to eat a lot. This year alone L&E was #42 on the list. Some other dining highlights have been Avec, Sepia, Mastros & Purple pig. None of them can even hold a candle to the food that was presented to myself & my 2 other guest!         The Libations here alone are superb. Great beer list, wonderful whiskey menu (rivaling Untitled's largest american Whiskey selection in the world in my work area of RiverNorth) Unique wine list (They have O'Shaunessy :))) although I brought a bottle of '09 Groth.     The food here is where it's at! We ordered 13 dishes total. Trust me I would have ordered more but I ate as much as any 150 l/b man can consume. Highlights were Bone marrow, Duck confit Octopus, Veal tartar, Foie gras torchon, Buffalo fried Frog legs (perfectly tender legs with crispy skin served with a whipped blue cheese. This dish put me in a euphoric food coma ;) Venison trio & Fried apple pie!      All in all I WILL be back soon. Like next week lol. We only waited 10 minutes to be seated on a Monday night & I would wait hours for this food. Lauren was our server & did a great job all around. I'm very hard to please when it comes to dining out & L&E hit a GRAND SLAM last night! Please keep up the good work.    Your's truly,                1 very satisfied guestSo disappointing. . . .I was really looking forward to going to L&E for my birthday brunch. Granted, I had high expectations, but I think a place with a Michelin star should live up to those expectations. Unfortunately, they were utterly disappointing in more way than one. I knew I would have to get there early since the wait is always a long wait. We were planning on eating a late brunch, so I got there around 10:30 am. The woman told me it would be 1.5 hour wait. That's ok, I thought. Because any other place around there would probably be at least an hour wait anyway, for a table of 6. I wait 30 minutes, and my friends show up. We wait some more. We go for a walk and wait some more. I check in with the hostess. It has been 1.5 hours, are we close? Yes, yes, you are next. I can tell you, we were NOT next. We waited OVER 2 HOURS to be seated. It was nearly 1 pm by the time I got to sit down for "brunch". I am ok with waiting that long, if I am initially told it will be that long, because then I know what I am getting into. But, in my mind, Michelin star restaurants should not be 45 minutes off in their estimation. After I complained that it had taken much longer than expected to be seated, the waitress tried to appease us by bringing a tiny extra bit of the amuse bouche for us. Then, the food. I got the famous fried chicken and waffles. I was really excited about it and it was . . . ok. It was fine, but nothing fantastic. The real disappointment was my friend who ordered the omelet and crunched into an eggshell. After the first, she tried to solider on, but then, more eggshell. We had to send it back and it took way too long to get the second one. After all of this, they finally felt bad for us and sent shots to the table. Terrible considering that I was driving home after this and had just ordered a beer. Then, they brought a free "dessert" which was really just a sweet breakfast item, which ended up being better than anything else anyone ordered (cereal ice cream, yum).  Needless to say, to top off the day, it took way to long to get our waiter's attention for anything, including the bill. If I wanted to get ok service and fine food, but wait a really long time, I wouldn't have spent as much.Parking can be quite difficult around this Logan Square location.  We had tried to come before but there was nothing on Milwaukee or Kedzie.  We took CTA this time for a weekday lunch and it was still busy.  We waited a few minutes and got seated.It's pretty tight inside for meals but there is a back bar that opens up at night.  The brunch menu is served up til 3 everyday, which is pretty nice.  The quality of the ingredients and choices are quite good.  My friend asked what is the most popular choice and the waiter said it was the chicken and waffles.  She went with that and went with a cup of my favorite coffee roaster, Dark Matter.  I went with the duck confit hash and then asked for a recommendation for a drink similar to an Old Fashioned.  He recommended a Kentucky Colonel using Benedictine herbal liquer instead of bitters.  The brunch menu has plenty of standard breakfast options like steak and eggs or an omelette, but there are also unique choices such as challah french toast and a special of whole hog crepinette with cheese grits in maple syrup.  Their lunch choices include boar sloppy joe and a charcuterie plate but they were out of Lobster roll and cheddar bratwurst.  Overall, great options from a Michelin rated restaurant.The food was well prepared and nicely presented.  My friend's chicken and waffles also came with a sweet potato hash that used pork belly for the meat.  My duck eggs were kind of unique and may not be my next meal there but there was no fault due to preparation.  My drink started out quite strong, but I had no problem finishing it since it was quite smooth.  By the time we left, the place had emptied out quite well so there was definitely a lunch time rush.  The meals are a little pricey if you are looking for value, but the quality definitely makes up for it.  I would definitely come back to have another meal here.Doesn't look as fancy as it is from the outside nor inside but food is brought out as art.  We enjoyed our meal but can't say it was much different from all the other tons of restaurants trying to be "trendy" these days with unique menu options and different twists.Awesome beer garden in the back-great drinks and convenient when you're waiting for a table.  BRAVO that you came up with that Longman & Eagle.Don't even need to review the place because everyone knows these guys rock.  One of my favorite spots in town.  Love the dynamic menu and awesome whiskey list.  The fried chicken and biscuits were ridiculous.  Rabbit pot pie wasn't there this time - so good.  Sloppy joe, pork cheek, bone marrow, scallops, meatballs - all money.  Oh, their brunch rocks, too.  Get the chicken and waffles.  Really can't go wrong with the place and haven't found something we all didn't enjoy.  Easily top 10.  Nice work L&E.In returning to Chicago to run a half marathon in the cold, I needed a place to celebrate my insanity and Longman & Eagle was more than up to the task.  I was there with a big group on a Saturday night which is always a challenge, but they handled it well.  We started with a few signature cocktails, sharing sips amongst us and slowly warming up from the cold January winter we walked through to get inside.I must admit I love Tartare and had never had lamb before, so that made the selction of the Slagel Family Farm Lamb Tartare, 15 Minute Quail Egg, Black Truffle, Crispy Potatoes, Celery Root Remoulade, Dijon, Black Olive-Anchovy Oil easy.If I see bone marrow I am forced to order it, I believe there was a U.N. resolution mandating I do so and I was happy to oblige.  The Roasted Marrow Bones, Bacon Shallot Jam (because jelly don't shake like that), Preserved Meyer Lemon, Sea Salt, Sourdough Toast was perfect.  I could have ate a pound of it and called it a night.Quite a few things looked great to me but then I saw the bone marrow in the Slagel Family Farm Beef Short Rib and my order was set.  Salsify, Piggy Sprouts, Abalone Mushrooms, Foie Gras-Bone Marrow Raviolo & Red Wine Syrup.  Now I could get lost in Whole Foods for 45 minutes trying to find the ingredients that went into this dish or just order it and be content with the fact I could never make this at home.  I went with the latter and loved it.Dessert, fried apple pie if there were a McDonald's for billionaire's is the best way I can describe it.  Amazing.It is the epicenter for hipster central in Logan Square, so if you can grow a beard before going, it would help and throw a sport coat over that ironic t-shirt and you should be just fine.To Recap:The Good:  I really enjoyed the creativity of the menu, embracing all parts of the animal.  The setting is dark and loud with a fun undertone of hipness that never crosses into pretentiousness.  Not age specific, I didn't feel too young or too old, like Godilocks last porridge, it was just right.The Bad:  Be prepared to wait and if you want to have a dissertation on what the last episode of This American Life meant in the larger context of the country as a whole you might want to wait, it really is that loud.The Band This Restaurant Most Resembles: Blitzen Trapper.  Experimental country/folk translated into a meal for your enjoyment.  Well done!Came here as a group of 5 on a Friday evening and the wait time around 6pm was 2 hours (for indoor seating) so we decided to dine outside and we were seated immediately.FOOD (4/5):My FAVORITE dishes were all the starts we got, the meat was very tender and everything was very fresh and plating was always so astonishing Roasted Marrow BonesBacon Wrapped Loin of RabbitConfit of Pacific Octopus LEAST favorite:Slagel Family Farm Pork Belly - meat is tender but this dish is bland and sort of odd to have pork belly prepared this way...Fried Soft Shell Crab -my opinion very overpriced for what is it is, as an ex sushi server this dish goes for 1/3rd of the price (same quantity)Country Fried Sweetbreads -I received the saddest portion and this dish wasn't memorable at all.SERVICE (4.5/5):Server was the sweetest girl, she let us separate our check between 5 credit cards, the only reason it's not a 5 is because she mischarged us $29 for the pork belly or didn't tell us that there was price increase.. it wasn't the fastest service since we were out of the way in the corner outside so we decided not to mention anything.TL;DR: Nice atmosphere, sweet service, still hungry after expensive mealI like to think that i am conservative with my starts.. but DAMN IT L&E- they earned it.service: very friendly, very helpful, our server was very patient with our 1,000 questions.Drinks: very fun- and it's worth trying something different - go wild, try something from their cocktail menuFood: you can tell they like to experiment and experiment well. This will be a place where I will come back and try something that I normally would not order anywhere else.Parking/ Directions:  right next to the metro station and parking seem reasonable. First date:  probably not.. maybe 3-4th date?  it's cozy and yes, you will have to stare at each others eyes =)  Will i return? absolutely!!!I've never eaten inside because the patio is just too cool to pass up. It's a quiet and quaint space, but it's perfect! The wait staff is friendly AND professional! The food? Decadent and exceptional!A really great place for real cocktails and great food.  The food is truly a cut above any typical cocktail centric restaurant.  The place is very unassuming from the outside and very rustic on the inside as well.I've been here a couple times when I'm in town for business.  Both times, I was absolutely blown away by the creativity and execution of the food.  The food is truly comparable to some fine dining establishments, except you can come in with a t-shirt and flip flops if that's your thing.  Make no mistake though, the food is all about familiar flavor combinations and never strays so far where you feel it's reaching.  Somehow, the food seems absolutely appropriate for a gastropub, it's just done with a little more flair.The menu changes pretty regularly so there's no point in me getting into specifics. I've had small plates such as seared scallops, agnolotti, and few mains such as a barramundi with clam broth.  Everything I had is what I consider to be modern American comfort food at its best.  Pair that up with a classic cocktail or beer and you're set.Welcome to the Longman and Eagle, home of some amazing good food, awesome staff, and a decent cocktail.As I live in Logan Square we frequent Longman often when people come to visit. The food here is uh-mazing. I cannot stress this enough. I've never had a bad meal when eating here, and my favorite thing is having to google ingredients because some of them are so unique you won't find them in your average restaurant. I've never had to wait for a table oddly enough. Either I'm timing it just right, or they have things figured out.At night, Longman turns into a fabulous place for an evening cocktail. They have so many selections of whiskey and spirits that will make YOUR spirit soar. Uniquely crafted in a mixologist type way (my favorite is the dropperfulls of additives) for a savory end to a wonderful day. My only complaint, some of their cocktails are so unique they forsake tradition and a manhattan is no longer a manhattan. My only advice is be careful with some of their "traditional" cocktails as they won't always taste the way you expect them too...which is not necessarily a bad thing.Overall, worth checking out...at least twice a week.~"Tonight's special...Whiskey"A friend of mine took me here to celebrate my birthday, and I couldn't imagine a better meal & experience. While they don't take reservations (dire ce qui?), the waiting process is fairly painless with the outdoor patio/bar in the rear of the restaurant. The beer selection is fairly decent, but the cocktails are what shine. The mixologists put a lot of time, effort and skill into creating these delicacies, and it shows. Once we were seated in the restaurant, our server was beyond helpful and attentive. I give him an extra thumbs up for the snazzy mustache! He was right in recommending cocktails, as the Root & Rye is now on my list of favorite cocktails of all time.I adore the fact that their menu is constantly changing and evolving according to supply and seasons. I'm sure I'll say something different when I find myself wanting a specific dish in later months, but cest la vie. We started off with the blue crab ravioli small dish special that was incredible. My date had the monkfish, which he enjoyed, and I had ... oh, I can't even talk about it without my mouth watering! The serrano ham wrapped pork tenderloin with corn risotto was a party in my mouth. Go get it before it's off the menu!I can't wait to go back and see what else they have to offer. This may be one of my new favorite special occasion restaurants in the city.I came here on recommendation of a good friend while I was in Chicago.  I enjoy a good whiskey drink and always search for great food, so I was told this place is a must. A 15 minute train ride from downtown, the place is a moderate size with a cozy, causal feel. The front staff was extremely friendly and the clientel were a mix of everyone: hipsters, average joe's,  middle aged couples. There was no predominate group and I like that. It was a true foodie destination. Hands down they make one of the best Old Fashions I ever had!  For more purists out there, the straight whiskey menu itself is several pages long...In terms of food, I tried the Confit of Pacific Octopus which was an absolutely delicious appetizer. IN terms of entrees I sampled 4 different ones and enjoyed them all. In regards to ranking them, here they are in most to least favorite order: Roulade of Skate & Scallop, Slagel Family Farm Pork Belly, Slagel Family Farms Burger, and the Wild Boar Sloppy Joe. For dessert I cannot even recall what I had, but it was good. The only thing I have to critique was our server. He was very pleasant, conversant and refilled everyone's wine and water glasses. You may ask why this is a down fall?  Well, because he did this for EVERY table on a busy night. We could not hail him down for 10 minutes at a time. This dragged out the dinner longer than we wanted and put a little bit of a damper on the end of the meal.What could I possibly have to say about this place that hasn't already been said?It's fucking awesome. Go.3 Stars for the bar. Love the beer and whiskey selection, and all the bartenders were easy on the eyes. We just had a dessert (the apple pie) and it was too overworked for my taste. I wasn't overly satisfied, didn't understand the need for the foam (dated concept in my opinion that adds NOTHING to the dish), the smoked graham cracker ice cream was overpowering. I probably just don't get it, and that's ok. More for you, right? It's a beautiful restaurant and if you're into a menu that looks like it's trying out for Top Chef then you should go here. Michelin stars are impressive... I get that. Big kudos for that. I just wasn't that into it. (Also, lots of hipster plaid shirts, facial hair and eyeglasses. Just FYI if you're looking to dress appropriately).I have heard so much about this place so my friends and I made the trip all the way to Logan Park. It is a very small restaurant and when we got there, there was no line, although I have heard that you can wait up to 2 hours. The following are our dishes:Anchovy, serrano ham and crouton: This was our amuse-bouche, which is a single, bite sized hors d'oeurve that is provided by the chef itself. It was quite tasty and the saltiness of the anchovy didn't really overpower the entire bite like I thought it would. Buffalo Frogs Legs: Served with an aerated Blue Cheese, it was just a spin on buffalo wings. It was really good and I would have never expected frog legs to be prepared in this manner. Bacon wrapped loin of rabbit: THis was my favorite dish because it was just like a small pot pie! The rabbit was cooked really well and the puff pastry on top with the cream sauce really created a lot of  different textures and flavors. Stagel Family Farm lamb tartare: The cool thing about this dish is the 15 minute quail egg which is gelatinous after you break it open. It was served with rye bread and mustard foam. Not my favorite dish, just because there was so much happening, but if you are able to actually get a little bit of all parts into one bite, that is when it tastes best!Tete de Cohon: I mistook this for the rabbit at first, but the meat was so tender and the pickled spring vegetables that were served with it, really rounded out the dish with some tartness. Seared Striped Marlin: This was served with one huge Oxtail Ravioli, Szechuan Style Beans, and Red Wine Sauce. I am not a huge fan of foam on food, but the oxtail ravioli was really flavorful. I would just eat 4 of those!Pava Bean Agnolotti: Jen ordered this and it was served with House made ricotta, Porcini Mushrooms, and Asparagus Pea Tendrils. It looked really tasty, although I didn't have any. The other nice thing about Longman and Eagle is their extensive alcohol selection and I had the Kelley Green cocktail, which was a nice citrus drink for the summer. They also have a great whiskey selection so if that peaks your interest, they have a bunch of $3 shot whiskeys!Fantastic atmosphere; appropriately cozy and dim. Excellent food. My friend's marlin was the best fish I'd ever tasted and my burger was excellent. Extensive beer selection. When you search Yelp for "gastropub," the results better not neglect the "pub" aspect. Longman & Eagle certainly doesn't come up short here. Delicious dessert. Of the many unhealthy decisions I made in Chicago, the dessert at L&E is the one I regret the least.Big thanks to Yelp for making it look like I'd been to Chicago before and knew all the great spots.Three and a half stars rounded up for the ambiance and the nice staffPluses:cheaper whiskey cocktails- the manhattan and the truss cocktail were excellent and made on par with the best cocktail places in the city. Entrees- the pork tenderloin was a must and the wild boar sloppy joe looked good.  The pork was cooked perfectly tender and every bite was flavorful The bone marrow was also a really tasty and better value appetizer. Just like a great spread on bread. Minuses-The appetizers- gnuddi was tasty but very small and the frog legs were just awful. Not tasty, really small, and not a good value Wait time- hour and a half on wednesday night. Probably why I liked the whiskey cocktails. But they were out of ipa on tap.Perfect. Every. Time. May is the best and the back of house is amazing in what they put out of that small space. Thank you for every experience that I've had there.Finally went here and yeah, not as phenomenal as everyone makes it out to be. I mean yeah, it was good, but nothing mindblowing. I think what did it for me was the waitress not being clear about how much was going to be in a portion. We over-ordered for sure and it was just awkward.The drinks were good though, but again, nothing crazy amazing. I'll give it a few more shots for sure.Everyone raves about this place and I agree it's good but I don't think it's better than 3 stars. I've come here for brunch twice and both times I thought it was a bit overrated. I had the chicken and waffles on my first visit, luckily i was able to secure a table on the patio fairly quickly. The plate was decent but Chicago's Home of Chicken & Waffles are incredible. I visited again last month and had the french toast this time around and they were definitely good but like I said, this place is just a bit overrated for me. The wait was quite long the second time around. The brunch selection is pretty limited.Hands down one of the best brunches in the city. Actually one of the best brunches period. Love the food, love the music, love the environment. Is it clear enough? I LOVE this place."...it would compromise the integrity of the dish."I am by no means a foodie.  However, I am a food lover with a somewhat adventurous palate. Over the weekend, an out of town guest and I decided to stroll over to Longman & Eagle for brunch.  The wait was not too long (25 minutes) and we were provided with menus to browse prior to being seated.I had a craving for something sweet so I set my eye on the brioche french toast with everything minus the foie gras frosting.  A simple request, right?Upon being seated, we went to place our orders.  I requested the above...minus the foie gras frosting and was quickly notified that the chef does not do modifications because it would compromise the integrity of the dish.As a result, I skimmed the menu again and settled on a savory one.  The meal was fine but the no modifications rule left a bad taste in my mouth.Overall the greeters and waitress were great.  However, the chef's rule seemed pretentious.For your dining pleasure, please keep the rule in mind.3.5 stars, I'll round up because I like that it's slightly off the beaten path. I went here on a Saturday night and only had to wait about 15 minutes. It was easy to get a drink at the bar and the atmosphere is lively, friendly, and casual without being dumpy. This is a good place to go if you want a foodie experience without getting all dolled up. Drinks were great. I'm not a whiskey girl but I liked my Order of the Red Eagle so much that I ordered a couple. The food... was a bit hit or miss. Hits: meatballs (new flavor combinations!), lamb tartare (never had raw lamb before, really loved the mild taste), and tete de cochon (savory, salty goodness, what's not to like?). Misses: the cheese plate (not cohesive, lame accompaniments), bone marrow (fine but far better throughout Chicago), and fava bean agnolotti (undercooked dough). None of the misses were bad, but the dynamic between the great and not-so-great was noticeable.A friend of mine and I were pretty excited to try this place- especially after the GQ write up. By way of background, we are pretty average guys that work office type jobs and wanted to connect after work as well as have a good meal with some whiskey.The neighborhood was vibrant and parking was tricky. It was a really nice night last week and we sat outside- the setting was great. We ordered drinks and apps- they encourage to to order all at once and then they pace the servings. The apps were really good (olives are fantastic) and the tasting flights of whiskey were pretty good as well.The main dishes and  the desserts were a little meh-- It seemed as though they were too fancy for a whiskey joint and too pedestrian for high brow foodies.Overall it was good- the service was ok, the setting was nice and the apps were great. Worth a try but next time I would keep it simple and stick to the burgers/sandwiches.Final note: A food writer friend of mine told me to wear a plaid shirt when I went there. I laughed and asked why?--he said everyone there would be wearing plaid. On my visit I counted 11 of 15 guys with plaid shirts--Love this place! Dim, cozy atmosphere. Awesome outdoor seating in the summer. Consistent every time I have been there. Will be back. Def want to come for their brunch.A must eat when visiting Chicago! This place was out of our box (we stayed mainly near the Loop), but it was so worth it!We had a group for brunch so we ordered 5 plates family style and for 5 people it was more than enough food. Here's what we ordered but order of deliciousness:1. Wild Boar Sloppy Joe, Crispy Sage and Onion, Pickled Jalapeno 2. Mac & Cheese with Braised Oxtail, Chanterelle Mushrooms, Persillade3. Fried Chicken, Waffles, Sweet Potato & Pork Belly Hash, Maple Syrup 4. Whole Hog Crepinette, Cheese Grits, Collards, Natural Maple Jus5. Sunnyside Duck Egg Hash, Duck Confit, Shallots, Yukon Gold Potato, Black Truffle VinaigretteAll plates were spectacular! PS I loved their sugar cubes!This place is great. Food - good, drinks - good, service - fantastic. It's all about the Monday nights!Longman & Eagle offers excellent brunch options at very reasonable prices.The fried chicken and waffles were superb; the chicken was nicely battered and perfectly moist, and the syrup was surprisingly light.  The fried chicken was some of the best I've had.  The accompanying sweet potato and pork belly hash was also delicious.The wild boar sloppy joe was okay and didn't have much depth of flavor.  I did think the brioche bun was very good, though.  The beef fat fries were too heavily seasoned for me but had good flavor.The burger was a perfectly done, classic burger with bacon and cheddar.  The meat had an amazing beef flavor and was incredibly juicy; certainly one of the best burgers I've had.The Cavatelli pasta with rabbit leg was also very good.  The rabbit was exceptionally tender.  I thought the dish would benefit from a little more acid. The cheese grits are excellent: smooth but on the rich side; the chicharones that came with the grits were also very good.Our server was friendly, and the ambience was comfortable (and hipster).  The fresh squeezed orange juice is great (but not the grapefruit juice, which had an off taste).  I'd definitely like to come back to try their dinner menu.I will wait... but only for Longman. The food is exceptional. The kind of creative contemporary american that dreams are made of. This chef and band of kitchen gurus turn out epic plate after epic plate. I have yet to taste something that I didn't adore and that also didn't show me something new. Their staff is amazing, some of the best suggestions, explanations and know-how in Chicago. Even the bartenders will blow your mind with their specialty crafted concoctions, and spot on suggestions. Longman is one of the only places I will wait for, no matter how long. Thanks guys you really are a gem.Nothing like a Michelin brunch at not-so-Michelin prices. Longman and Eagle comes highly recommended from trusted foodie friends and whiskey fiends who are denizens of my social circle, so I'm amazed it's taken more than three years in the Windy City to give it a try. I've gotta say, this place lived up to expectations with a classic brunch menu item they've called the "PBR Brunch." At $8 you get your choice of four long slices of bacon or a side of sausage, two eggs any style, a side of potatoes, and an iced cold PBR ($7 sans-PBR). I ordered the bacon which had a unique and enjoyable smokiness about it. The fried potatoes are serves with scallions which allowed that part of the dish to pick up flavors reminiscent of sour cream and onion chips. The eggs were good, but hey, eggs are eggs. (I also had a taste of my brunchmate's biscuits and gravy, house-made sausage is a win and they nail the biscuit!)The real treat here, however, is L&E's whiskey menu of epic proportions. My cocktail order was a classic old fashioned. It was sweeter and with more ice than most, although the lighter side of this drink was a pleasant pairing at the brunch hour. Also delicious were the hot and iced coffees, of which the iced was on tap!Bottom line: Go here, get some solid coffee, good brunch fare, and great whiskey. I'll definitely be back for dinner.I flew in from San Francisco looking for a foie gras fix and was so looking forward to the food here after reviews.  The concept was there but the food was incredibly salty- to the point we had to send items back they were not digestible and it wa so incredibly disappointing.  They even salt the toast rounds with fine sea salt so you can't even out pate on something neutral.  They tried to accommodate and offered to refute the dish and it wa better but just a wasted meal in an amazing city.   Maybe it was an off night.I liked this place better before they got a Micheline star. Still delicious food but I think the chef was a little too happy with the salt.Imagine cuisine, so amazing that you actually consider grabbing a scallop or portion of foie gras off a nearby diner's plate and throwing it into your mouth.  Think of a dish with flavors so well balanced, you would eat it off a bathroom floor if necessary.  For a moment, contemplate a dinner so decadently delicious that every bite makes you feel you have sinned.I expected Longman & Eagle to be an overblown, overrated restaurant with great whiskey, good fool and a few cool hotel rooms.Now I know that their reputation is well deserved and I completely understand why people are willing to wait 2-3 hours for a table...something I would never do, until now.No need to go into detail about what I ate tonight because the menu changes often and I really didn't understand half of what I ate (a tempura fried myers lemon, air compressed persimmons, aerated bleu cheese?!).  The point is, believe the hype.  All of it.  This is a not-to-be-missed culinary experience.Now I will move to the couch to enjoy my food coma.Certainly lived up to the hype and reputation. The menu is complex, diverse, and definitely for those in the mood for a culinary adventure! I had the pork belly with pumpkin risotto... A perfect marriage of savory and sweet. I have yet to eat pork belly so flawlessly cooked like this! And the fried apple pie with house made smoked graham cracker ice cream and bacon powder... Simply genius! Lastly, the service... Top notch. The servers and hosts were genuine and treated us as if we were guests in their own home. A welcome and refreshing experience, indeed!I do wish that the place didn't have such long waits or I would find myself venturing here more often! And if I had to make one suggestion... Ditch the picnic style bench along the wall. I swear the female sitting at the table next to me was having a seizure all night or was severely melodramatic... She kept slamming her body into the bench making it difficult for me to focus and enjoy the food at times!(Before anything, a shout out to Charlie, who kept an eye out for me and cut my wait time at the bar by 45 minutes.)Before coming here, I had no Idea it was such a Friday night hot spot. So imagine my surprise when I expected a slow crowd in a bar and found every seat taken and several parties waiting an hour or more to be seated. But as they say, nothing ventured, nothing gained. So I decided to wait by the bar in case a stool opened up.The barkeep asked if I was drinking and I told him I was waiting for dinner. Instead of blowing me off, he said he'd keep an eye out for the next available seat. Within 15 minutes, he nabbed me a seat in front of the beer taps.Much obliged, barkeep. Good looking out.My objective this evening was the wild boar sloppy joe. Served on a lightly toasted brioche with a giant pickled jalapeño, crispy onions, and fried sage, this Joe is no joke, spilling over with tender, spicy ground boar and served with beef fat fries. It was delicious from start to finish, but the fries were a bit on the salty side.WARNING: EAT THE PEPPER FIRST. It is far too big and runny to be eaten inside the sandwich and will ruin your enjoyment.I'll be back. But most likely not on a Friday night.I go Large Eagle this year, early. First to sit, the line long after me but no problems for this guy is I right! Many companions enjoy the look but for me too fantastical this Disney. No points off because so good the food and the servants. Let me begin first the food. On paper read so confused by this but persist and to the score. Two chickens cut into a battered bread with scattered leavings. Ate down the bone and then some plate! Three exclamations, super! Oh my god! Two gods, who cares but me! If my wife was alive she would have smiled!The water was a regular type or of bubbles. Preferred always a soda but with it comes a gas. Warned! ; ) If you come like me eat with both feet on the floor, too heavy otherwise! Never! For twice plate, a small dough. There was the stomach on it, a pig but small, tough. Sweet and dessert! Someone say a whiskey but too early for me. Bourbon is a whiskey too many too count, over the barmen. Also ladies, no sexist!My own lady was a small hair, kind. Three or so hello, you are named Rebecca yes? Remember me! She is the best so request her for your meals. Not so meat, like veggies too! If a man named Nery take your plate, he is the boss. Brendan is also talking. And the bathroom so large you are saved immediately! Why is pretty! Everyone is! Be nice the kitchen can here, like a troll? You understand. For the price is good, if money have the time try it many meals but in one day. Dinner too, I hear. Can a cook make more this chicken if I put in house with regular pay? Oh I am a kidder. Complicate to say. Is truly a LARGE EAGLE! Love always!Went for brunch and ordered the vanilla brioche french toast (it was good, not great) with some bacon and coffee. The coffee was excellent, as was the pig head my friend ordered. The waiting staff was incredibly friendly and had an extensive knowledge of the menu, and the restaurant has a cute and trendy atmosphere. My only complaint is that it took almost 30 minutes to be seated, despite the fact that there were several tables open and only one other party waiting. But once we were finally seated, everything was great! We were also pleasantly surprised at how cheap brunch was, relative to the typical cost of dinner entrees. For guests coming for brunch, I would definitely recommend arriving as early as possible--it opens at 9am, we got there at around 9:10, and the place was PACKED by 10.Best chicken and waffles that we've tried!  Moist and served with pork belly and butternut squash.  My husband had duck confit hash and loved it.  We went for brunch and looking forward to coming back for dinner.  Also this place is kid friendly.Brooklyn vibe (in a good way), down to earth, fun, authentically passionate about what they do. They take their food very seriously here and when you combine that with amazing beers + cocktails, it's a winning combination. We prefer to nab seats at the bar so we can interact with their awesome bartenders. Although the place is crushed on the weekends, it doesn't actually take that much time for tables to turn over, so don't let the wait turn you off. Give it a go. I promise you'll go again, and again.Great staff. Food was yummy. Might come out smelling like food...Oh how my heart feels things when a server asks first if we're more of the "don't mess with my coffee to milk ratio" type of people instead of haphazardly pouring the coffee no question. If you get a chance to eat brunch here on a weekday instead of the weekend it is sooooo worth it. Same menu. Quieter, no line. Sometimes I want a big brunch party as raging as a Chaka Khan hook, but sometimes I don't. Sometimes I want to chill like there's no time in the world. I'm simple -- my heart has a place for Longman & Eagle's steak and eggs. And the brunch cocktails. And the Wild Boar Sloppy Joe at dinner. And a lot of things.Amazing everything. Expect to wait for a table for dinner pretty much every night of the week. But its a darn good meal.We ate here a few years ago and couldn't understand why this place was so highly rated. We ate here recently and were blown away by the quality of the food and service. It could be, as Mark Twain said about his father, its amazing how much they have learned in three years. But we really enjoyed our meal, and look forward to returning.Little known fact about Longman & Eagle...Eagle is actually the guy in these commercials. youtube.com/watch?v=O4-e…Like anyone who gave this place a one star review, you're a moron if you believed that. Sure...I can see how someone may dock them a few points for the staff being pretentious, but in no way could it possibly warrant a one star review. The food is just too damn good.Hell...they could have served my cubano sandwich with the fries spelling out "FUCK OFF" and I still would have thought it was amazing. Try the cubano, (obviously) chicken and waffles, or their burger and prepare to be mmmmmmazed. (Unless you ate paint chips for breakfast)There's also great whiskey cocktails, bloody mary's, and a bomb beer list complete with $3 Old Styles. If you end up drinking too much you can even stay the night for under $100. I doubt the rooms are easy to come by though as there are only 6 of them. Overall this place definitely lived up to the hype. And like the Eagleman commercial at surprisingly LOWWWW RAAATES.We finally made it to L&E. Who would have thought this place has one Michelin star? The space is tiny and looked exactly someone decided to convert a random corner shop into a rustic eating house with no pretensions. Their brunch/breakfast menu is solid. I had the fried chicken + waffles and enjoyed it a lot. The fried chicken came with two pieces (a drumstick and a bone-in thigh). My husband got the quiche and he ate his plate clean. Our other dining companion got the omelet with morel mushrooms and said it was good too.We'd like to return and try their dinner menu since we heard that dinner is even better. Service was friendly and prompt. And it's literally just across the street from the Logan Square blue line station.Yep...you'll wait 1 - 2 hours to eat.  Don't come here and whine about the wait...go someplace else that has no people in it!  Folks, there are reasons for the wait:A) It's really good, delicious, interesting foodB) It's reasonably priced and proportionedC) The wait is interesting as you end up chatting with people around youD) The staff is frickin friendly and they want you to hang and have a good timeE) The hipster vibe is friendly and invitingF) The drinks (mixed, beer, wine) all interesting and good (my first sour beer!)We ended up eating at the bar (just as our turn for a table arrived) and enjoyed it as the bartender is really interested in pairing drinks with the food you order. Had the meatballs - not just meatballs, maybe the best thing we ate.  Moved onto a salad with king crab, salmon roe and greens.  Holy chickens was it good!  Continued the journey with the agnolotti and the pork shank.  No room for dessert.  Should have booked a room upstairs and stayed much longer but needed to drive home safely!Need to come back as there are so many other things I want to try.  Whiners stay away please - maybe that will cut the wait by 15 minutes!Review #1063. I'm treading no new ground here, so I'll keep it brief.Everything you've heard about this place is true. It's worth the hype. Tons of fantastic and accessible whiskey varieties compliment honest food that is worthy of the Michelin star it holds. You're gonna have to wait a bit for a table. Just do it, and be happy.The food was stunning. Thoughtful. Innovative but comfortable. The booze list was amazing. The noise level was deafening. Verdict: don't go on a weekend night.We tried many things, out with work friends, and nothing disappointed.I think the best tasting thing was the item we thought would be too small--the diver's scallop. It was amazing. We got a mix or pork andseafood. the wild boar sloppy joe was wonderfulVery noisy and unless you go early on a monday, you will have to wait  long time for a table if you are 2 people...but 4 people you can seated more quicklyWe stopped by for an Easter Sunday brunch yesterday with a group of 5. I was wary about the supposed waiting times for this restaurant where they don't take reservations, but it was only about 15 minutes before our table was ready. Great! This was enough time to swing by the bar and order a couple of their signature drinks, The New Black and a Bloody Larry. This place is a whiskey lover's dream with an extensive selection in house cocktails, by the ounce or in flights. The New Black was an interesting combination of a traditional Manhattan and a Sazerac. Served chilled up, this is a winner. They have three Bloody Mary options as well: mixed with vodka, corn whiskey and tequila. I tried the corn whiskey version and was blown away. Really good.As for the food, it's amazing. Very reasonable prices for everything from chicken and waffles to wild boar sloppy joes or venison sausage. I had a daily special of Scottish smoked salmon benedict on pumpernickel bread with shaved fennel, pickled apple and hollandaise. Others tried the Slagel Farms burger with sunny side up egg and beef fat french fries. Another winner. The slow roasted cauliflower with beluga lentils, raisins, mango and cucumber raita was so good! The special soup was a lobster bisque, and my friend raved. The atmosphere is perfectly downscale, but in a good way. It's basically a bar restaurant with amazing food. The service is very knowledgeable and chatty. This is a total winner of a restaurant in my book. You can't find Michelin starred restaurants in Chicago at a better price point. I must go back for dinner now. Did I mention that they also have rooms available to rent for the night? Totally cool!Imagine a flawless restaurant that is constantly striving to improve itself, has an excitingly innovative farm-to-table menu, second-to-none cocktails, and a uniquely Chicagoan atmosphere.Now imagine the following; the best meal I've ever had:"The New Black" Rye Manhattan cocktail, Roasted marrow bones with bacon-shallot jam on sourdough toast, Rye Whiskey flight, New England Hake (white fish) with mushrooms and white beans paired with a Dogfish Head 60 Minute IPA, Fried Apple Pie with carmelized cheddar, graham cracker crust ice cream, and bacon powder, perfectly accompanied by a Maker's Mark Bourbon and Laird's Applejack Bonded hot toddy.This is hands-down my favorite restaurant, anywhere.Great brunch! We did have to wait about 20 minutes and it was pretty busy, but it was a great meal. The options are very different than just a typical brunch selection. At first I was a little nervous but I'm very glad I tried something different. Yummy!It's a medium, Michelin starred restaurant with no reservations. Expect to wait 5-10 minutes but nothing too crazy on the weekends. What makes this place interesting is they also offer rooms for the night but space is very limited so check in advance. The cocktails here are excellent and would be the thing I recommend most. For dessert the Fernet-Hot Chocolate Affogato is delightful.To preface: I would probably eat my last meal here.I have been anxious to go here after great reviews from both of my sisters and my brother. We arrived right around 6pm on a Saturday night, and were quoted a 2 hour wait time for a 4 top (they don't take reservations!). We were luckily able to snag 2 seats at the bar and were able to pass the wait with a cheese platter and some Sauvignon Blanc. My sister and brother also had their Old Fashioned (excellent!). When we were seated, we were ready. It was game on. We started with a potato and leek "taster" soup that was simply fabulous. My brother had the privilege of ordering for the table, and he chose well. We started with: the Lamb Tartare, the Roasted Bone Marrow, Pan Roasted Squab, Seared Foie Gras,  and the Pan Roasted Nantucket Bay Scallops. We got these items mostly in pairs and it started with the lamb tartare & the roasted bone marrow. The bone marrow was rich, sumptuous, and absolutely lip smacking delicious smeared on just about anything. The lamb tartare was equally as delicious, yet in a completely different, almost mineral way. Fresh, herby and right on point. Next we had the squab & foie gras. I had never eaten squab before, but I was devouring it, eating the meat right off the tiny, tiny leg bone. This baby bird was done perfectly and was seasoned just right. The seared foie gras was also rich and delicious. The searing added to these qualities. We liked these dishes so much, we ordered a second round of them. Lastly, came the scallops, which were cooked well and tasted great. However, against all the other rich, flavor bursting dishes I had just eaten, they kind of paled in comparison.For entrees, we ordered the hangar steak, the pan roasted Arctic Char, the butter poached lobster, and the wild boar sloppy joe. Each item was cooked to perfection. My least favorite was the Arctic Char, but only because I do not prefer that type of fish. I cannot say enough good things about each item. The beef fat fries accompanying the wild boar sloppy joe especially stand out to me.All in all, you should definitely eat here, try everything, and come early for a table!Went here last week with 3 friends on a Tuesday after work. I had heard to expect a long wait but on this weekday night it was just 15 minutes. Great menu. Everything was fantastic! We had a lot of fun trying unique and different things. The octopus confit and the burrata cheese were both delicious. We also shared the boar sloppy joe which had fried sage on it and was awesome. The kitchen sent us a sample of a soup that we all had in tiny shot glasses at the beginning and little cookies at the end. The highlight for me was the deconstructed pistachio waffle dessert with toast marshmallows. I can't wait to go back and try completely new things!This bar is always packed, now I know why! Standout dishes include the wild boar sloppy joe topped with a roasted chile pepper, the bone marrow with it's succulent chutney, the creamy risotto, and the crispy apple pie dessert.Our server was incredible. He used his personality while serving and made not just our experience enjoyable, but we ended up bonding with our neighbor diners because of how adorable our server was. When I complained about one of the dishes not being as good as the others, he promptly brought my message back to the kitchen. Thank you for going above and beyond, kind server! We dined at peak hours and throughout the night, our server checked in on us to make sure we had everything we wanted.  On the other hand, one of the bartenders was having a meltdown during our visit. I hope he mopped the floor that night because we watched him spill drinks in his fluster. Yes, it's a busy bar, but this poor guy was running himself over by not prepping drinks, he kept forgetting what he was doing and getting lost in the sea of drink orders. I wanted to jump back there and drill sargent his ass to prep each drink upon order, that way he can look at the glass and remember what the order was.I HAD NO IDEA THE FOOD WAS SO F'ING AMAZING!! Going in there for the first time i was expecting your typical upscale bar food, but holy crap was I wrong. Lamb tartare! WHAT?! Soooo good! And not even the food, the cocktail and also very very yummy! I recomend this place to everyone!!It's funny, I've actually yet to come here for a normal dinner service. I've been here numerous times now and have either done brunch or have come here for drinks. This most recent time was coming here for thanksgiving. See, I work wine retail, so most holidays are those rare times where I can easily get time and a half, so I work them as often as possible. What this normally means is that I don't spend thanksgiving with my extended family.  No, this is far from a pity party for me as I normally spend plenty of time with my family that I consistently want to be around. This time I didn't feel like eating poorly cook and brutally dry turkey that was already getting cold. Nope, my friend used the excuse that his girlfriend was out of town and we decided that thanksgiving would be best served eating somewhere that has a michelin star. I won't go through dish by dish, but this was an utterly wonderful thanksgiving dinner. I knew it was gonna be good when I noticed that robuchon potatoes were the potato dish for the evening. For those that don't know what they are, there is a 1:1 butter:potato ratio. Needless to say you won't be plopping down huge lumps of mashed potatoes. In no shocker, these were knocked out of the park. Perfect texture and utterly awesome. They also did a killer cranberry dish that had either rum or whisky  in it. I had a hard time not bogarting it from my friend. I should also note that there was foie gras as part of the stuffing. I mean, how the hell can you go wrong with that? While this review is focused on the thanksgiving food, I do want to comment on their brunch. See, I'm all about eggs. I love them. All I can say is that L&E utterly nails their eggs each and every time I've had them. Eggs really are one of those testers for how good a place is. Needless to say, L&E has always passed with flying colors for me. I can't help but comment on the cocktails. I love the originality in them. This is one of the places that I love to come for some cocktails when I'm not in the mood for wine or a lot of beer (contrary to my yelp reviews, this actually isn't every waking moment for me, ha). Granted, I do generally lean towards whisky when I want some spirits, so I would naturally want to come here. But, I love the diversity in how they make their whisky cocktails and the variety of ingredients in them. Even better, the drinks are only $8 per drink. Every single time I come to Longman & Eagle I think to myself: why on earth am I not here more? I've been trying to rectify this lately with more trips, but it seems that I can never come here enough times.Disclaimer: I love Longman and Eagle. This is possibly my most frequented restaurant in the city.That being said, I came here for a birthday brunch in mid-April of this year and it was disappointing. I've only come here for dinners (shout out to the meatballs!) so I was also looking forward to coming here for my most favorite meal ever!Perhaps my biggest mistake was not starting my meal off with an old-fashioned... a rookie mistake I must admit.Nevertheless, there were four of us and we each ordered the following dishes:-Fried Chicken and Waffles: delicious but not mind blowing, as L&E tends to do.-Sloppy Joe: have had it before and it's good but a little palate fatiguing so I wouldn't ever order this when there are so many other good choices-Sunnyside Duck Egg Hash: this was surprisingly disappointing. The presentation was beautiful but there wasn't enough duck meat and the hash was blah and underdone and lacking in flavor-Smoked Scottish Salmon Benedict: this was the best dish of the morning! Delicious salmon! Full of flavor and great smoked flavor and nice texture in the mouth. That being said, crab cake or salmon benedict is hardly ever disappointing... So.. my recommendation is try dishes other than the ones we've chosen for brunch or GO FOR DINNER! It's worth the wait.Last night, my boyfriend and I walked over to L&E after dinner at Fat Rice for a drink (Old-fashioned for me of course and a shot of Johnny Drum whiskey for him) and dessert. We had the Pralined Pecan Terrine. It was the right choice! The server got super excited about our choice when we told him our order and he wasn't faking it! The dessert came in 3 parts and each were delicious on their own but the espresso chocolate portion of it was so good that I automatically closed my eyes to savor the slightly gritty texture in my mouth and how it made me sooooo happy. I've had a few other desserts here and they were always great but this one hit it out of the park!The food here is filling and rich and so I don't crave it all the time but I really enjoyed stopping by late midweek (so, no waiting) and enjoying their great beverage and dessert choices.Saturday: Dinner at L&E. Later on Saturday: Whiskey at L&E.Even later on Saturday: Crash at one of the hotel rooms upstairs.Sunday: Brunch at L&E.Lather, Rinse, Repeat.The decor is delightfully rustic and very on trend.  On a Friday evening, I expected a wait, I expected the menu, but something I don't understand...there are expensive parts of a bull, pig any animal...and testicles are not one of them.  The animal is being slaughtered and the butcher is getting more money selling the balls.  I have nothing against eating all the parts of the animal...but I feel a lot of people need to know it's not really "cool" to get the cheapest cut of the animal.  By the time we sat, I was starving so I wanted to house a burger and fries...the burger was over cooked and a testament to how they cook the meat...or how they don't know, I should say.  If they can't cook a burger right...it must be very easy for them to soak some balls and sautee them.Nonetheless, it was noisy, the waitresses were always rushing.  I was so anxious the entire time I was there. My first step out the door was a relief...and I'm never going back.  It's for you trendsters to keep thinking...about....not sure exactly how you can think in that restaraunt.Oh my god the crazy eggs benedict of theirs was one of the best breakfasts I've ever had.  Smoked Salmon, Salmon Roe, Thousand Island Hollandaise Sauce, on Rye with crispy yummy potatoes.  This is now my favorite breakfast spot in the city.  Can't wait to try a dinner here!This is definitely one of those restaurants where you can let the wait staff make all the decisions for you and you will walk away with a fantastic dining experience.  I would have been happy with closing my eyes and just pointing to a menu item and it would have been fantastic.  Thanks to our server for recommending the bone marrow (can't say that I would have ever tried that) and one of their specialty cocktails, The Disguise (which I reordered as "My Demise").  It was a Friday night and it was nice to be able to order small plate after small plate and not feel rushed.  I am pretty sure the table next to us turned over twice when we were there.  Overall, a courteous, knowledgeable and attentive staff that provided an exceptional dining experience.I've returned several times for dinner since my initial visit, but this past Saturday I finally made it in for Brunch. Wow. I dont think L&E can do ANY wrong. We had a short wait, so we snagged two seats at the bar and I ordered a Bloody Mary. UM, I watched him make this and half the glass was Vodka...this is going to be a good day. It is also served with a shot of beer on the side, which I liked. I ordered the Chicken & Waffles, which was justified in my head since I had worked out before I came...there goes my workout! It was just as delicious as you might think. Two huge pieces of perfectly fried chicken on top of a waffle (I could have either used a bigger waffle or another waffle) with a side of sweet potato hash. I ate almost all of it and didnt feel guilty! We then ordered a few more rounds of cocktails and our great waitress never pressured us to leave even though there was wait. I think we were there for over 2 hours. She was great! If you havent been for brunch, go...its worth every calorie!Always have a fun meal here with interesting and creative dishesI've been wanting to go to this restaurant for a while now. It is right on Logan Square and has a pretty good reputation. Unfortunately, in my experience, this restaurant did not live up to its good reputation.Strengths:Eclectic drink menuGood foodHip space and vibeWeaknesses:Very small menu, but should be expected from gastropubs.Poor serviceVery common to wait for a tableFor me, the most unpleasant aspect of my experience was the waitress. She treated us as though Longman & Eagle was so unique and incredible that we would have tons of questions- she asked us if we had questions about 4 times. She forgot our drink order once and then was late in bringing out drinks another time. Perhaps it is not entirely fair to base my rating on the waitress' poor service. I recommend this restaurant hesitantly. It's a good place, but it's not a top notch gastro pub in my opinion.I went here the other week on a Saturday with a group of myself and three friends. Having never been here before, I went off the enthusiasm of one of the guys in our group and followed his lead.Saturday. Brunch. Chicago. These three things always add up to a bit of a wait, which was expected, but to the credit of Longman and Eagle, they took down our phone number and called when a table was ready, which allowed us to venture away from the restaurant. The four of us split the whole hog crepinette for an appetizer. Sidenote, ordering main course dishes as appetizers is my new move and I have no idea why I never started doing this earlier. That being said, this dish was the highlight of my meal. Such great flavors. So tender, fell apart easily, was such a great treat. It was complimented nicely by the bed of cheese grits it rested on, which made the egg on top the pillow. Definitely recommend splitting this for an appetizer. I may order this on top of the biscuits and gravy for next time, a request our waitress confirmed with the kitchen as a possibility.While it was overshadowed by the crepinette, the Cuban sandwich I ordered was still very tasty. Cuban sandwiches tend to really get me off, and using pork belly instead of roasted pork, brilliant! Equally important to the meal were the beef fat fries. Great fries as is, but fried in beef fat really sealed the deal. The others in the group got chicken and waffles as well as the wild boar sloppy joe. Both very tasty and fun dishes that I definitely considered ordering myself!Wish I had gotten a bloody, as the sip I had of my friends was great. I ordered a mimosa, which was standard. Very trendy vibe. Friendly staff. Relatively affordable prices. Longman and Eagle definitely sets the bar high for future brunch spots.One of my favorite brunch places in Chicago and I owe it to a local friend that introduced me here last year. It's definitely garnered lots of attention, and not only after it earned it's Michelin star but long before that. The food is excellent, service is great and it hosts a full bar and killer bloody mary's. The menu changes with the season and whatever you order, you know it's going to be good. The first time I was here I had the pig face eggs benedict. Yea...I didn't know what to expect, but I was up to try something out of the norm. It was by far some of the juiciest and most tender pork I've had in a really long time. Everything was put together perfectly and it was exactly what I needed after a night of drinking! Another item that is pretty darn good is the fried chicken and waffles. Chicken was crispy but still moist inside and the waffles gave it that extra 'hell yea' flavor to the whole dish. They're known for their bloody mary's and I'd give that a try if you haven't had one here before, although they have a full bar so whatever you're feeling at 10am is good to go! A go to spot whenever you're in town.I'm making my way through all the places in Chicago I loved. This was one of my favorite places! I had no idea what I was getting myself into, really. My friend "let's go to this place!" and I said "ok!" not realizing we were going to Longman & Eagle. Known for whiskey and bourbon, this is the place to go if you want a fantastic cocktail. Not only is the whiskey list very impressive and extensive, the food is apparently out of this world. I didn't try any of the food, but I can definitely vouch for the cocktails. I had something called Dante's Paradise, which is a combination of aperol, cocchi americano, grapefruit, stiegl radler, mezcal, and habanero shrub. What?! It was amazing. Spicy definitely, but just the way I like it. I was very surprised, and it made me wish I had one back home so I could check out the rest of the menu.I knew this place had a Michelin star, so I'd been wanting to try it.  We went with a group of friends for brunch and planned to arrive right when it opened at 9 to avoid crowds.  This worked, though they wouldn't seat us until the whole party arrived.  You'll definitely want to tell your consistently late friend to meet 20 minutes earlier than when you're actually meeting.Everything was great!  I was disappointed they were out of the housemade hot chocolate for a breakfast drink, but I'll live.  Everyone was quite attracted to the duck confit hash item on the menu, but I went for a market veggie omelette.  Someone else got the market scramble and another got the Ploughman's Platter, and someone got the whole hog.  Everything looked great.  I can't imagine you could go wrong here.  They served some of the best housemade potatoes I've tried, plus the mushrooms in the omelette were amazingly fresh and tasty.  Everyone liked their food; there was food envy going all around.The service was great.  Our hipster waiter had even originally charged us for the hot chocolate.  While contemplating deducting a point from my rating, he came back and apologized, with a corrected check, before we'd even said anything!I could see they have a ton of great beer selections, so I'm excited to come back to try dinner some time!  (And maybe try some of that housemade hot chocolate too.)You know, for some reason I always keep coming back for more.  This time was for drinks with a group of friends and we chilled in the back bar area.  A bit cramped but it was cozy.  The bartenders/staff were amazing and made us feel comfortable.  Drinks were flowing and apps were very tasty!  I'm going to have to try dinner here again...Best brunch we've had in the city in a really long time.  We got there on a Sunday and there was a 45 min wait for a table of 4.  We headed to the bar, and miraculously, 4 seats opened up within 10 min - and they were all together!  We actually prefer to sit at the bar, so we decided to just stay there.We started with drinks, bloody Marys, bloody Marias (bloody Mary with tequila) and the Negroni.  The bloody Mary/Marias were really good.  They make their own bloody mix and it was the perfect amount of spicy.  We loved that the drinks had blocks of cheddar cheese in them!  I ordered the Whole Hog Crepinette with cheese grits and o.m.g.  SO GOOD.  It was basically a ball of pulled pork on the grits.  The pulled pork was SO tender and the flavors were amazing.  The bartender told us it was her favorite thing on the menu and she was right!  Make sure you order it was a sunny side egg on top.  My husband got the Sunny Side Duck Egg Hash with Duck Confit.  Also really good - it had truffle vinaigrette that was excellent.  My friend had the chicken and waffles, which were also REALLY good, but we all agreed they should come with another waffle.  He got three big portions of chicken and only one waffle and we wanted more.  We will definitely return and we loved sitting at the bar!Another tip: we had an a la card, which gave us $10 off (as long as we spent $25).14/365This place is a must! My boyfriend and I are from out of town and went to Longman and Eagle on a friend's recommendation. The rooms are small but very cozy and comfortable! You can hear your neighbors walking in the hallway but earplugs are provided and I had no problem falling asleep.The food is to die for. We split three entrees so we could try a variety of foods and I was very pleased with the portion size. Because we had a room we received complimentary whiskey tokens. They had a variety of whiskeys and it was hard to choose but our waitress was very knowledgeable and helped us pick.We will definitely go back!Longman & Eagle has a fun vibe, good food and exceptional cocktails. I went for brunch and waited about 20 minutes on a Sunday afternoon, a perfect amount of time to enjoy a drink at the bar. Preparing down home classics with a twist, L&E gave me plenty of things to smile about and reason to return.- Salad of Compressed Melon & Fig: Balance was the name of the game here; the melon paired nicely with the ultra-creamy feta and the honey-chili vinaigrette was a brilliant display of restraint when it comes to heat. The pine nuts added a nice flavor, there was a lot going on in this dish and it all ended up harmonizing very well.- Fried Chicken, Waffles & Sweet Potato/Pork Belly Hash: The fried chicken was crunchtastic and seasoned to the max, as any good fried chicken should be. Juicy dark meat that fell off the bone, what more could you ask for? The sweet potato & pork belly hash was nice but felt a bit one-dimensional; I thought it could have used some acidity to pep it up a bit. I was a bit disappointed by the waffle, which was a bit soggy for my taste and didn't really add much to the dish.- Burger: When I first bit into this burger I was blown away by how intense the flavor was, but each additional bite left me feeling like that flavor was simply salt. All of the components were prepared perfectly (including an impeccably medium-rare patty) but the burger was entirely too salty. On the other hand, the accompanying beef fat fries were absolutely delicious and I could drink that spicy mustard on the side.- The cocktails here totally stole the spotlight, all wicked strong but perfectly composed. Each drink highlighted the inherent taste of the alcohol used but removed the bite that a heavy-handed pour can often induce. The Longman Lemonade was a perfect summer drink, the bright acidic lemon playing nicely with the low notes of a sweet bourbon. The Bloody Mary had a depth of flavor I've never experienced, quite possibly the best I've had in the city. And the Root & Rye was true to its description, a perfect take on root beer with a buzzy kick.I think some of the dishes at L&E (or perhaps the dishes I chose) are somewhat conservative conceptually, but the folks in the kitchen and behind the bar definitely know what they're doing. It seems like dinner is where they flex their culinary creativity a bit more and I am looking forward to coming back.A totally unsuspecting place to have a Michelin Star.  It was a Sunday late afternoon and we just wanted a drink and were able to get a few stools at the bar.  Immediately got handed the drink "packet".  Lots of beers, lots of whiskey drinks, and some other stuff.  There was a line for tables.  The bartenders were super friendly and knowledgeable.After a bit we decided to have a few bites.  We split the buffalo frog legs (which tasted like chicken wings *wink wink*) which had an amazing whipped blue cheese with them.  We also split the wild boar sloppy joe with beef fat fries and a pickled jalapeno.  Perfect size for splitting.  The bartenders set us up with full place settings as if we were at a table and presented and described eat plate.Everything was great.  The one thing is that there isn't anything "normal" on the menu, so if you're looking for bar food, this is not the place for you.If you're with a larger group and want a sit down dinner, make reservations.  Dress on that particular Sunday afternoon was pretty casual so no need to break out formal attire.I once read that the first step of treating any addiction is the realization that you have a problem. Nothing can be solved until that first step of acceptance is taken. So here I am, 9:30 a.m. on a Friday morning at Longman and Eagle ordering their PBR breakfast. It's their signature breakfast served with an ice cold, Pabst Blue Ribbon. As I glanced down at the beautiful feast and Ice Cold beer, for a fleeting moment I considered the choice I just made. Maybe it would be better for my health if I reconsidered? Maybe the waitress wouldn't get angry if I changed my mind and ordered some Oatmeal and a cup of Decaf coffee? Who the fuck am I kidding? I drank the Beer and ate the cholesterol filled breakfast. I may die young, but I'm going to croak with a shit-eating grin on my face.  Longman and Eagle was the perfect place to have my Pre-Cub game breakfast. Who in their right mind can watch this horseshit, abomination of a team sober? Not I, that's for sure. The Eggs, bacon, toast a and PBR got me ready for fun-filled day of bad baseball. And for that, I thank the good people of Longman & Eagle. I couldn't have survived the day without you.Another blizzard cold night and we decided to try a restaurant that normally has long waits and no reservations. It worked! We arrived a little after 7 and were seated right away. However, for as bad as the weather was and looming "freeze" approaching, the place was still pretty busy. Only a few tables were open. We are not heavy drinkers and due to driving and the weather being crazy we did not indulge in their whisky selection. It looks amazing as does the beer menu.I enjoyed the cozy atmosphere. The chairs are large clunky things that made me feel small when sitting at the table. I felt I almost needed phone book (I'm 5'1' so not entirely out of the ordinary). The place is much larger than I expected. You walk into the bar area, then are either taken back to the first dinner room or through an additional corridor to their other dining room. We started off with the Burrata. So yummy, soft and creamy! It comes with picked veggies to add texture, a porcini marmalade, and truffle vinaigrette. The dish together was really good. The black truffle vinaigrette was more viniger than truffle and too much acid on the dish.  Next, we shared the Barramundi. We were informed by the waiter that the Arctic Char is very good, however, the ingredients listed with the Barramundi were so exquisite sounding we just had to go with it. The Barramundi comes set on top of a chocolate sauce and black garlic sauce accompanied with black trumpet mushrooms and rutabaga. The staff stated the dish is meant to be had with each flavor in every bite (I tried but couldn't fit it all on my fork!). I felt the chocolate sauce brought out the charred/burnt bottom of the fish, not a flavor I normally like enhanced. The black garlic sauce was perfect, however. The mushrooms were too salty for my taste. Our first piece of fish was a miss. We apparently had a bad cut and half way through discovered a good chunk of the fish was too tough and grisly to cut through. The staff was very accommodating and prepared a new piece for us which was perfectly crusted and flaked as we cut through. We cleared our plate! We topped our night off with the Pecan Terriene (layered dessert). It consisted of a gelatin caramel, whipped coffee, hazelnut lay and dense chocolate layers. The bourbon flavored ice cream topped it offer perfectly.If I knew we would get in on a normal night without ridiculous wait, I will be heading back!Made my second visit to Longman yesterday, and I think this meal was very good.I'm not sure, because my friends & I decided to brave the brunch-time wait...we arrived at 12, got seated around 1:40 and actually ate food at 2 PM.  This was my first food of the day; I was so starved that I'm really not sure now if the food was amazing, or amazing because I was about to chew on a friend's arm!!It's tight inside this space, but it was never too loud; I had the 1-2 Punsch and the Morricone's Mela on the cocktails menu.  The Punsch was great; I like a good bitter drink now and then, but the Mela was actually too bitter for me, so you really have to love your bitters to enjoy this drink.  Strangely, I didn't love my mimosa...maybe I'm too much of a Cook's-and-Tropicana guy, but I wasn't a fan of the mimosa.  We also did a whisky tasting...as others have mentioned, no matter what you think about the space, service, or food, the drinks list at Longman is as good as it gets.The biscuits-and-gravy was fantastic; biscuit was near perfection, not too much gravy, just enough sausage.  Tried some of the bacon but Father's Hams does me better here at home.  Others at my table got the crepinette, the duck hash and the PBR breakfast...it seemed like everyone was happy, but again, for about six minutes, no one spoke because everyone was starved after the long wait.Also, the house-made doughnut with the bourbon glaze was money; it won't replace the doughnuts I get at Glazed & Infused or Do-Rite, but still very strong.  Bacon bits make everything better!Admittedly, Longman & Eagle can do little wrong in my mind based upon their draught/bottle list, whiskey offerings and the fact that they have both chicken & waffles and a Cubano sandwich on their menu (both are great by the way).The atmosphere is that of a comfortable gastropub and the service has always been complimentary to the environment - friendly, low-key and welcoming. One of these days I'll definitely have to book one of their hotel rooms while poking around the windy city.Everything I have ordered here has been great - the chicken & waffles just might carry the torch for the best I have ever had. The menu changes pretty frequently, but given the quality of the ingredients they source and the fact that they serve a delicious meal at almost all hours of the day, it would seem to be a safe bet for any meal.Certainly worth all the praise this place continues to garner.Since this was my first trip to Chicago, my sister recommended I go to Longman and Eagle. Apparently they have the most amazing brunch around! Sadly, I was only able to make it to dinner once and totally missed out on brunch... but dinner was also quite fabulous!When I've never been to a restaurant, I always ask the server for suggestions. I like to see what's popular and what most people order, that's generally a good rule telling me that it's at least tasty. After going through most of them menu, it came down to the Pork Shank and the Sloppy Joe. My server sold me on the Sloppy Joe when he told me that it was just ranked as one of the top 50 sandwiches in Chicago that is a must try! Although it was suuuuuuper spicy (I mean, it did have a huge jalapeno on it!), it was really flavorful and scrumptious! It was paired amazingly with their beer fat fries!If you're in the neighborhood, I'd definitely give this place a try! Although be aware, there is usually a long line, so come prepared! :)When my foodie niece suggested brunch here on a Monday, we noticed Anthony N's 5-star review and felt like it was meant to be.  Then when we got there and saw Dark Matter on the menu, we were even more certain that fate was on our side.  We chose to sit on the patio immediately over a short wait for an inside table, and were rewarded by a mild breeze and the perfect amount of sun.  The 5 of us got:Dark Matter Iced coffee (on draft!) & Unicorn's Blood espresso (the darkest, richest and smoothest espresso I've ever had!)Market Omelette - mushrooms, caramelized onions, spinach, house made fromage blanc, served with potatoesPastrami Spiced Pig Head - topped with a runny duck egg, a mound of tender and mildly spiced shredded pork was served with sauerkraut, gruyere, thousand island dressing and a granny smith and watercress saladFried Chicken & Waffle - a perfectly battered and fried leg and thigh was dramatically staked with a knife to a waffle, which was festively strewn with a colorful sweet potato and pork belly hash.  Warm maple syrup perfectly completed this classic sweet and savory comboGreek Salad - arugula, heirloom tomatoes, shaved red onion, fennel, cucumber, black olives and feta, with a light marjoram vinaigretteSlagel Family Farms Cheeseburger - served rare, salt free, bunless, with aged Widmer's cheddar, Nueske's bacon and topped with a runny egg, this was yummy!Our server was very accommodating, attentive and spot on.  I come from a family of world-traveling foodies, and when they recommend a restaurant I definitely listen!We also stayed in the inn fantastic experience.....these people have good taste their restaurant was slammed all day people seemed delighted to be dining and the staff had confidence and great knowledge. Overall everything made sense classy food with no pretension.I recommend staying here to anyone the rooms are stunning, high hipster-quirk ( yes I just coined this term). If you are wondering what a fantastic dining and hotel experience should look it's at L&E, BLAM.We will be back!This was our favorite meal on our trip to Chicago. Interesting, tasty food that is worth any foodie's time. Very knowledgable and attentive waitress, she even folded my husband's napkin when he went to the lavatory. We highly recommend the scallop and the vegetarian risotto dish plus any of the desserts. The atmosphere is very loud and dark, but you don't need to talk when your mouth is full. Tip: it is located on the corner of a building with an unmarked awning. The name of the restaurant is written on the window under the awning.Much better for dinner service than brunch. Flavor profiles work better, as does the service. Good drink selection at a reasonable price. Gets crowded quickly.One of the best breakfasts I've had in recent memory. May in fact be the best breakfast I've ever had. Duck eggs and duck hash with black truffle vinegarette?! Insane. Highly recommended. Grab a seat at the bar and dig in!Ok, Longman & Eagle. Here's the deal.The food? Impeccable. We had brunch and the dishes of both me and my so swept us off our feet. I had the mushroom omelet with beef fat fries and felt like it was the first time I've ever eaten fries. In my life. We also had cocktails one night and couldn't believe the remarkable flavor and inventive quality of the drinks. We even stayed 2 nights in one of their inn rooms, and everything about the experience was awesome...hip room, complimentary whiskey, nice bath products, great location, comfy bed. We stay up past 2am on a regular basis so the restaurant noise didn't bother us (but may for some people...be warned).HOWEVER.There is one gaping hole in this place's impeccable service...the coffee. We're serious coffee drinkers and Chicago is a serious coffee city. For a Michelin star restaurant in the land of Intelligentsia, the coffee should be pretty good, or at least drinkable. As long as I can stir in a bit of milk and sugar, any diner coffee will do. But the coffee here is undrinkable. It's like battery acid. The first sludgy, harrowing drink of their French press made me recoil in terror. HALF OF THE CARAFE WAS FILLED WITH GRINDS. That is not how you brew coffee with a French press. You need only 6 tablespoons for an 8 cup carafe. It took 2 cubes of sugar and whole little pitcher of cream, and it still made the hair on my neck stand up. We took our chance and ordered drip coffee to our room the next day and even that was a horrible, sludgy, face melting toxic waste. Once again, sugar and cream were employed, to no avail. Get yourself together L&E, and please stop punching your coffee loving fans in the face with your sludge.This place is totally worth the wait. From the Old Fashion to the House made Pate to the Slagel Family Farms Burger to the Porchetta of Pork Belly to the Black Sesame Donut. Luckily this place is near where I live so I can get a head start on the wait. This  has become one of my favorite places in Chicago. This is a must eat if you are a Chicagoan or a tourist.I spent last summer in Chicago and this become one of my favorite hang outs.  The food is amazing and the drinks even more so.  The folks that run Longman & Eagle put a lot of care and craft into their food and cocktails and it definitely shows.  I loved this place so much I went out of my way to visit again when business brought me back to the windy city.If you've been here, you know why it's a 5 star worthy place. If you've not been here, you need to get off your duff and get down to Longman and Eagle. The Bourbon list alone is worth the trip!!!Never disappointing. I have been here several times but now jut getting around to the review. Great Whiskey Period! No reservations = long wait=drinking at the bar. Fantastic cocktails & the food does not disappoint. Came today for brunch. Get the Mac & Cheese, Duck Hash, Chicken & waffles. Ok maybe u have to comeback to try all that or just make your friends order different things. I was in SF recently & met someone who came to Chicago, he raved about this place! Hey Locals...Get going to this Logan Square staple!L&E doesn't need a rave from me.Overall I'm a fan.  It's one of my favorites.  It's doing just fine and I don't think anything I say here will change that, nor would I want it to.  I want them to continue to succede.  They deserve it.However, I think that they're now secure enough to stand a bit of constructive criticism and I hope, whether or not they agree with anything I say here, they'll be encouraged by it to "stay hungry" and stay sharp.I think that their biggest problem is the success.   They're maybe a little too pleased with themselves.  A little too confident.  The folks working there know that they're working at the coolest place in town.  I think they've gotten a bit laurel-resty.  A bit too focused on speed at the cost of accuracy.  The quality control isn't quite where it should be, perhaps.They don't hit the level of consistent quality associated with "michelin star" restaurants.  Occasionally that medium rare is more like medium/medium well.  Occasionally the fries taste a bit burnt or some sauce is well over salted.  2 burgers are served to the same table: on one is a juicy piece of freshly cooked bacon and on the other is a shrunken desiccated piece that looks in comparison like maybe it was prepped for brunch service 12 hours earlier.Are the cooks continually encouraged to toss things that aren't up to standard?  Is the staff as a whole actively looking out for problems as much as they should be?  To be fair, mistakes happen, L&E does a great job most of the time, and if you aren't happy with anything they serve you, they'll take care of it graciously.  I just think they maybe could stand to be reminded to stay vigilant, is all.Finally, I don't expect either of these last 2 points to be addressed, but I'll say them anyway:The noise level is sometimes a bit like eating at Kuma's or Piece.  Maybe there isn't much they can do about this, or maybe that's how they like it, but it's a bit obnoxious.Also the diner service is too fucking dark.  The kitchen goes to the trouble of making what I presume to be nice looking plates of food, but out in the dining area it's too dark to really appreciate that fully.I understand people want to gaze longingly into each others eyes by candlelight, but it sure would be nice to see some colors on the plates.Anyway, overall, they are a wonderful operation and a great group of people.  I love them enough to want to see them maintain their focus.  Smash successes like this don't need my raves.OK PEOPLE - please listen here. This will be a long post about how amazing this place is. Just hang in there - it's worth it.This place doesn't look like much from the outside and its down the freeway from the main downtown of Chicago. But my oh my is this place worth the drive. The bartenders are those really cool guys with beards that are pretty much born to be making amazing drinks. One of the best Manhattans I've ever had - you'd be surprised how many times people can mess up such a simple drink.THE FOOOOOOOD - yea so ok we had the Nantucket scallops and some lobster parfait for appetizers. Not sure what they did to them, but both were so good I wanted to like the plate. Then we got the trio of fois gras. They made a fois gras whoopie pie. Yes i just said that. Hello heaven in my mouth.For dinner I got the special - corn pop (as in the cereal) crusted tilapia with homemade chorizo, chantrelle mushrooms and little neck clams with a corn pop reduction of some sort. Now you wouldn't think that an overly spongy sweet cereal could create such an amazing dish right? Well you're wrong! It was insanely good - I ate every bite.Last but not least the dessert. By this point I was so full I thought I might die but I had to keep trucking on. I knew I needed to see what this damn place could do with some sugar. We had the hazelnut brioche bread pudding with tapioca and some sort of sauce with sassafras ice cream. MIND BLOWN. MIND OFFICIALLY BLOWN.Ok - if you aren't booking a plane ticket by now you have a problem. Go here - please just do yourself the favor. I know I'll be back every time I grace that city.Went for appetizers and drinks. Solid beer selection. Great, and I mean great, bourbon selection.The appetizers were good. We had the pretzel (tasty, simple) and the buffalo frog legs were an interesting twist.I need to go back and try more of the menu, which will maybe bump it up to 4 stars. But honestly, for gastropub, it didn't really wow me....Everything I ate tasted incredible - so food alone gets an easy 5 stars.I will say if you're hungry get an entree and not a tapas dish. Their small plates are VERY small..and a tad on the pricey side. If you're there with a fellow foodie I would recommend sharing small plates as they are very interesting and exquisite, but if foam is met with an eye-roll, an entree is the way to go.Space- rustic and relaxing, it does get busy and there isn't a ton of room to wait so be prepared to stand tightly packed or come early. Our individual dishes:amuse bouche - I can't recall exactly what it was - but I think a lobster chowder or something of that nature but it was incredible and I could have eaten every patrons portion easily, but they probably wouldn't have liked that.We had a lobster small plate (not on their daily menu online) which was very tasty as well but quite sparse, and I believe it was about $18. I realize it's lobster but one bite and it was gone...but hey, it was a damn good bite of food . Boar Sloppy Joe with Beef Fat Fries- The Sloppy Joe was excellent, and very filling which I appreciated because I had arrived very hungry. The fries were fine but nothing out of the ordinary and could have benefited from an unusual/creative dipping sauce other than ketchup (not a fan). I did request some malt vinegar which made me happier with the side-dish. Overall I was very impressed with Longman and Eagle, I would come back in a heartbeat.Hands down one of the worst experiences we have had in Chicago since moving from NYC.  My husband has some food allergies and the chef was completely unwilling to accommodate.  He was left to eat a small side salad because there was nothing else.  Apparently most everything is pre-made.  It is appauling that a restaurant like this in a major city cannot accommodate people with dietary restrictions.  If you have any dietary restrictions, I would not go here EVER.Great burger but not great service. I understand when places are busy, I really do (I've been a waitress) but one of our dinner dishes was never put in to the kitchen and came out after we finished sharing the other dish. Worst of all, we weren't even offered a discount or dessert or any compensation. Poor customer service for sure.My wife and I tried this restaurant for my birthday (the whiskey list intrigued me).  We shared the duck meatloaf, skirt steak, and the corn churros.  All of our plates were fantastic.  The service was also great and it was an amazing experience overall. We want to come back to try the other plates.  The outdoor patio and outdoor bar make for a fun night.  I highly recommend it.A surprising Michelin Star awarded gastropub in an unassuming neighborhood hot spot where hipsters come together to dine over such items like wild boar sloppy joes paired with a good bottle of whiskey. Their menu items change frequently so something I was able to try may no longer be offered on your visit. Slow Roasted Cauliflower -- Melt-in-your-mouth cauliflower slow roasted to perfection. Lentil, and carmelized onion is what supported the cauliflower while the entire dish was topped with cucumber raita and mango. A lot of different flavors that all came together to give the usually distasteful vegetable a wonderful taste.Wild Boar Sloppy Joe -- The infamous Sloppy Joe everyone boasts about when Longman & Eagle is mentioned. You will see a slew of pictures of this average Joe burger that has been gussied up by Chef Jared Wentworth. Boring ground beef simply isn't good enough around these parts. You're getting wild boar in this sloppy Joe. To top that off, there's also lightly deep-fried onion, pickled jalapeno and crispy sage. Think you're getting regular fries with that? Think not because Chef Wentworth wants you to pair your Wild Boar Sloppy Joe with some fries fried with beef fat. Couldn't really tell the difference with the beef frat fries but there was a new type of flavor that you don't normally taste with fries.Warm Gruyere Donuts -- Deep fried sweet bread shaped into donuts stuffed with hazelnut mascarpone sitting on lightly sweet fig jam and drizzled with honey. The donut bread tasted like it had just popped out of the oven with a sweet aroma that whaffs through your nostrils. It just brings you back and beg for more.Dark Chocolate Crispy Fernet Pave -- Easily the favorite of the night. The dark chocolcate pave was flavored with a hint of fernet. Think elegant chocolate bar with caramel pudding and gelato. Dark chocolate is bitter but when you pair it with caramel and sweet gelato, it complimented each other well. We all had to fight for the last bite.Our waiter was adorable and took the time to explain some of the menu items. We never had the issue of flagging someone down. If you're not taking the train, then there is plenty of street parking nearby.Review of both the restaurant for dinner, drinks and the hotel. Awesome. Just awesome. We stayed in both room 55 which was large and somewhat loud, but that is to be expected since it is above the bar area downstairs - a popular and packed bar. The room itself was fantastic although a little cold. They brought up a blanket at our request and even held a table for us. The burger was good, the fries were good, the Manhattan was good and hot damn do they have some bourbon and whiskey!The whole group that works here seems more like a family that has been working together closely for many hours for many years - they genuinely like each other and what they are doing.I've been here a few times for drinks and finally came for dinner. There was an 1 1/2 wait for a table for two at 9pm on a Friday, but we found spots at the bar. I was drooling while reading the menu. Everything sounded amazing. I settled on the pork belly, which came with pumpkin risotto, chestnuts, sage, soy caramel and apples. It was divine and I devoured that within minutes! I also tried the wild boar Sloppy Joe with beef fat  fries. Unfffffffff. OKay, I need to stop with the meal descriptions now. I had a few whiskey drinks which were awesome. The food here is so rich and filling, but you need that when consuming all those strong drinks!I hope they have Goose Island Black Mission on tap again soon!Great place - great food, just a bit crowded and loud.Amazing whiskey selection and cocktails, however. Definitely worth re-visiting.Thank you, Chicago Yelpers, for pointing me toward Longman & Eagle! It was one of the most delicious and inventive meals I've ever had.My boyfriend and I were visiting Chicago for the weekend and wanted to plan a really excellent dinner, and fellow Yelpers suggested this place. The menu looked amazing, but expensive...and we hemmed and hawed about whether or not to go.Boy, did we make the right choice or what!We arrived at about 6:30 and were told there was a 40 minute wait, so we put our names down and strolled down the street for an excellent mojito at Azucar. Upon our return, we still had another 10 minutes or so, so we started looking at the bar menu. I ordered the Florinda (because I'm a big sucker for St. Germain): Blanco Tequila, St. Germain, Creme de Violette, Cocchi Americano, Fresh Lemon, & Sugar, and it was one of the most creative and tantalizing cocktails I've ever had. The flavors were light and refreshing. My date was thrilled by the $3/shot whiskey deal - over 35 different whiskeys, all for $3! He also tried a whiskey cocktail and proclaimed it excellent.Lest you think we did nothing but drink, let me share our delicious menu. I had the Housemade Ricotta Gnuddi,, with Cider Gel, Baby Fennel, Micro Celery, Toasted Hazelnut, Braised Cippolini Vinaigrette, & Celery Froth. I don't know about you, but I'd never had cider gel OR celery froth, and I was intrigued. The gnuddi themselves were like little fried cheese dumplings, but so light and airy. They were perfectly round and bite sized, and each had a golden crust that yielded with a satisfying crunch to reveal a melty, slightly salted cheesy center. SO TASTY. The dish's accouterments were fascinating, and I especially appreciated the texture contrast of the hazelnuts and braised cippolini.My boyfriend loved his Lamb Tartare with 15 Minute Quail Egg, Black Truffle, Crispy Potatoes, and Black Olive Anchovy Oil. I'm not the biggest tartare fan, so I snacked on the marinated olives we were sharing...a generous "snack" portion.Finally, we shared the Pave of Slagel Family Farm Pork Belly, served with Pumpkin Risotto, Apple, Chestnuts, Sage...and... SOY CARAMEL. When I said the meal was inventive, this is the first thing that comes to mind. That caramel glaze was unbelievable and truly complemented the richness of the pork belly and risotto. The risotto! Oh, it was superb. Creamy and just slightly pumpkin-y - if a risotto could be called light, then this one was. It was autumnal and lovely. If I didn't like my dining partner so much, I would have stolen the entire plate of food while he was in the restroom...but even I'm not that cruel. The food, as I hope you can tell by now, was delectable. The service was very good  - our waitress was friendly and attentive, and brought out little complimentary treats - a beautifully prepared spoonful of butternut squash soup that made me close my eyes and sigh, and after the meal, a bite of dessert (I wish I could remember exactly what it was, but I was in a stupor after that pork belly).Longman & Eagle was expensive, but worth every dollar. Chicago, you done reeeeeal good with that dinner.Great service and recommendations. I didn't eat any food, but the whiskey selection was impressive. The food was on the expensive side, but the alcohol was reasonable.My SO and I tried this restaurant on the recommendation of a very informative bartender. Overall, the experience was outstanding. Our server was very attentive yet completely unobtrusive, and very helpful in terms of explaining the various portions on the menu. If the roasted bone marrow is still on the menu when you go, you absolutely must try it. And don't be afraid to explore the whiskey menu. It might seem very intimidating given its length, but there is something there to suit every palate. .A restaurant with a Michelin star 3 years in a row gave me high expectations. We started with the pretzel which I would not recommend. It's more like bread shaped like a pretzel, with a bitter cheese sauce. We then had the lamb tartar which was very good. I could do without the foam, but that's a personal preference. For entrees we had pork belly and hanger steak. Both cooked very well. My shrimp on the pork belly was a little too fishy but overall the dishes were well cooked. Good food, but I've eaten at many other places without stars that are far superior.  I'd give the food 4 stars but the wine list by the glass looses a star. I like a dark dry red wine and two recommendations I ended up with two sweet glasses of grape juice. Would love a Malbec or Pinot Noir added to the menu. I'd eat there again bit the overall experience was less than I expected.Contrary to popular opinion, I did not eat here simply because the phrase "long man" is in the name. Actually, we had planned to eat at Lula Cafe, but Lula was closed due to the Great Logan Square Flood of 2010. L&E had recently recovered, so we ended up there instead. Lula's loss, my gain.First things first: if you don't know where this place is, you're going to walk right past it. It's an unprepossessing little spot on the corner, with nothing to make it stand out but the ampersand (&) on the sign out front. It could be a corner bar that's been there for a hundred years, which is the look L&E seems to be going for. There's nothing old-fashioned about the food, though.The dinner menu breaks down into two types of small plates -- bar snacks and "plates" -- then salads, sandwiches, and entrees. We ordered four of the smaller plates, but truth be told, I could make an entire meal of that part of the menu. We got the heirloom tomato salad, welsh rarebit (served with a soft pretzel), olive plate, and foie gras. The foir gras was definitely the standout -- sweet and creamy, served on a biscuit/cracker-like magilla that added a nice crunch. What we did *not* get included sweetbreads, grilled sardines, meatballs with polenta, marrow bones, scallops -- you see my point? Endless wonders for later visits. And since the menu changes with the seasons, even more wonders to come.Meanwhile, we did have: fried soft shell crabs, roasted chicken, braised lamb shoulder, and poached cod. All were delightful.L&E is a gastropub -- though for my money, heavier on the gastro than the pub -- so their alcohol selection is excellent. They lean heavily on the dark liquors, with a full page of bourbons (about a bazillion selections), a good choice of American whiskeys, and nearly a dozen ryes. That's right kids, rye is back! And they have absinthe, aperol, and malort. How can you lose? If I lived in the hood, I could easily see stopping by here for a couple of cockietales and some of those small plates fairly regularly. Though since the restaurant gets packed even on a Monday night, it would have to be early in the evening.With a motto like "EAT - DRINK - WHISKEY," I didn't need to actually taste anything to be sold. I was staying in The Loop, so Logan Square was a bit of a trek, but it was one well worth it. The evening was perfect for sitting outside, and we were lucky to score a table as they don't take reservations. We started our meal with some craft cocktails. For you whiskey lovers, they have an impressive collection of 148 selections. You can also appreciate their other unique offerings, which include unusual spirits and biodynamic, small batch wines.While the guy sitting next to me was enjoying a juicy bacon cheeseburger with a side of beef fat fries (be still my clogged heart) tempted me to order the same, the two of us petite girls decided to order 3 dishes to share: chanterelle agnolotti, pork belly confit and slow roasted cauliflower. We attempted to order a side of beef fat fries, but sadly, they cannot do sides of it. I was sort of crushed by that. Luckily, all 3 dishes were amazing, so it made up for the lack of beef fat fries. If you're a vegetarian, I'd highly recommend the cauliflower, as it is an entree portion. There's a uber hipster vibe going on here - you can even book a room upstairs in their Ace Hotel-like digs. I also loved that they left us with a postcard that showed that they don't take themselves too seriously. Now, which yelper actually called bone marrow & wild boar "YUCKY" - blasphemous!Stellar breakfast with nice outdoor seating and friendly service.This is probably the most cost effective Michelin star restaurant I have been to in any city.All the breakfast items I have tried were very good.  They aren't overly fancy, which I view as a positive.  They are just  good concepts with a couple ingredients and expertly executed on.Hot Dayum!!! Mama likes. Pretty much my idyllic dining out experience. Longman & Eagle knows how to make a memorable impression, that's for sure... while certainly not for the unadventurous or conservative, the incorporation of daring dishes, bold cocktails and vivacious ambiance all rolled into a bit of an obscure locale, makes this spot purely perfect for a foodie voyager such as m'self. The moment you walk in you just know you're somewhere electric and special. From the intoxicating, manly aroma of smoky pork and plank wood that hits your nose immediately, to the great eclectic mix of clientele chatting away from dimly lit tables or the bygone era grand bar, the atmosphere is positively out of the ordinary with a hint of Louisiana 40's glamour (if such a thing exists). Channel the old-timey music, sip a handcrafted L&E Manhattan and prepare to feel entirely transported... "am I even still in Chicago?". My thoughts precisely. Aside from delightful house cocktails, Longman boasts a list of Whiskey, Bourbon, Rye and Beer no short of a mile. Whet your whistle on an Dogfish Head 90 min IPA while you scan the exceptional and innovative menu - and inadvertently drool a la Pavlov's Dog - it's unavoidable as everything just sounds downright divine, and lucky for you, actually is! There's no shortage of meat, meat and more meat and, of course, pork specifically. Vegetarians seriously need not apply... this is a veritable protein jamboree and the ensuing decimation serves to obscenely offend. Sorry. Dig into tender Kobe meatballs atop soft, creamy polenta and cheesy fonduta or a yummy Brandade with calorific beef fat fried chips for starters. On the lighter side (sorta) the Roasted Beet Salad with tangy goat cheese, peppery arugula and a warm, bacon vinaigrette also makes for a phenomenal first course. Plates of amazingly silky Sweetbreads and the slow-braised caramelized Veal Breast with accompanying beef cheek manicotti (ZOMG!) were lovingly (and greedily, natch) devoured between oohs, ahhs, moans and sporadic orgasms. Nothing, however, compared to the incomparable Pork Belly Confit entree with pumpkin risotto, chestnuts and an apple-caramel broth. Holy Shite! Best.Dish.Ever. Indulgent, rich, satisfying and unlike anything salty, sweet, savory, perfect you've ever had before, it comes with my highest recommendations and then some. Should that not be sufficient - oh you glutton, you - go for the illustrious finish and sink your teeth into the warm Callebaut Chocolate-Banana Bread Pudding with Bourbon Anglaise. Almost with a brownie-like quality, it's the dessert of desserts guaranteed not to disillusion or disappoint. Bravo Chef Wentworth! 'Twas a meal for the ages and yes, I think I love you like a fat kid loves cake... a pork belly cake, obviously. You've schooled me well.***Longman & Eagle is a true gastropub--a casual atmosphere and delicious as well as reasonably priced pub food (bold flavors and high quality ingredients cooked with skill)***Having visited a fair number of gastropubs or places that were gastropub-esque, I would say that Longman & Eagle tops them all.  Like other good gastropubs, Longman & Eagle features a wide selection of drinks as well as refined pub food with big and bold flavors.  What separates Longman & Eagle though is how their food showcases both strong technique in the kitchen as well as high quality ingredients (you are fortunate to get one of these qualities in a gastropub let alone both).Their porcini agnolotti was a great reflection of this.  The pasta had a nice and thin skin while the mushroom filling was earthy and flavorful.  The pasta here was more satisfying than pasta I had at some of Chicago's fine dining spots.  The ravioli dish at Ria lacked a great filling--not flavorful enough--while Alinea's pasta had strong flavors yet the pasta was too thick.The garnishes for the agnolotti were great.  The sauce was a creamy sweet corn sauce (a great showcase for one of the Midwest's best local ingredients) as well as a big helping of grana padano cheese.  While there was a big portion of cheese, the grana padano was softer, creamier and less sharp than your typical parmesan so it provided a nice compliment to the pasta without being overpowering.There were also some crispy skin pieces, which were thicker than your standard crispy skin garnish you will see elsewhere.  The crispy skin here was bold and hearty and had similarities to chicharrones.Their porchetta (an entree) was another great reflection of their refined pub fare.  The porchetta was incredibly juicy and tender (also a good flavor).  It was topped with crispy thick cut bacon.  The porchetta was paired with a creamy and satisfying corn risotto as well as a peach relish that provided a good sweet note to the salty bacon.Their pastrami-cured sweetbreads were also good.  They used a thick cut of sweetbread and they didn't bread it too much, which was a good thing.  The sweetbread was slightly crispy on the outside with a juicy and flavorful center.  The sweetbread was accompanied by a gruyere cream, thousand island dressing and sauerkraut (kind of like a reuben).  All the sides were good and flavorful though they did not stand out as much as the sweetbread.The only other food/savory item I had was their tuna salad amuse bouche and it was just okay.I have been to a lot of gastropubs where desserts are really throwaway dishes.  They might carry 3 or 4 items, but they are often standard stuff.  That was not the case at Longman & Eagle.  The desserts were creative and the final presentations showcased that desserts are taken seriously here (both in terms of ingredients and execution).  And while I was not a big fan of the desserts I had, I could tell that this kitchen might have what it takes to put out a truly great dessert.Their gruyere donuts were too savory.  They were crispy fritters that were filled with a heavy portion of melted gruyere cheese (they kind of reminded me of the risotto balls at Little Dom's).  The accompaniments were savory too like a whipped goat cheese cream and grated parmesan.  There were some sweet elements (like maple syrup), but the dish still had an appetizer feel to it.  This was a less sweet version of Lazy Ox Canteen's honey ricotta fritters (and those are starters at that restaurant).The olive oil pound cake was better.  The cake was quite dense, which was okay, but I wish the flavor was more pronounced and satisfying.  The garnishes were good though.  There were some good cherries as well as a nice sour cherry jelly.  There was a generous serving of thick, dense and lightly sweet buttermilk saffron ice cream.Service was very good here.  The staff was friendly and efficient.  Food came out at a good pace.Prices were good as well.  A lot of their entrees were in the low $20s or less.  Their drinks were also reasonable with most of their mixed drinks topping out at $8.  Longman & Eagles specializes in a large selection of whiskey, bourbon and rye (in shot form or via a mixed drink).The outside of Longman & Eagle is not much to look at (neither is the surrounding area).  The inside is comfortable though.  It is not contemporary and upscale like Culver City Father's Office.  Instead, it has a more lived-in feel (brick walls, mismatched chairs, unvarnished wood ceiling), which seems to go well with the neighborhood, the staff and the hearty food (which is excellent but also rustic and not needlessly showy).Longman & Eagle was one of my best dining experiences in Chicago and with their combination of great food, personable service and good value, I think it is one that many would enjoy.Free parking is available on the street.The atmosphere of an old Chicago inn that the owners were trying to create in Longman and Eagle was certainly present without it seeming like it was some sort of corporate design or movie set. I think it was that much of the furniture, and maybe even the fixtures were handmade that created a real sense of place. I would advise against ordering a chocotini, but instead asking for a bottle of Old Crow and a shot glass. A bar just like this does not exist anywhere else that I've ever been. I am a big fan of bars that do not have a television; this bar and Cole's are two that opened in Logan Square recently. They are putting several hotel rooms upstairs in the spring, and when you see the drink list you will know why.Now on to the whiskey. They have 23 one ounce shots available for $3, double that for two ounces. Of these, six begin with the word "old". There are other aptly named whiskeys on that list such as Rebel Yell, Virginia Lightning, Fighting Cock, and Georgia Moon. The last whiskey mentioned comes in a mason jar and tastes like lighter fluid. More popular brands such as Maker's Mark, Jack Daniels, and Jim Beam are also on the $3 list along with many more that are at various prices. If you brought about $60 here, you could kill yourself. The bar also has several beers on tap. The focus seems to be on local breweries such as Goose Island and Half Acre, most of which go for $5. For those that are cheap, there is Old Style on tap for $3, and cans of PBR for $2.There is land past Western?!?! Logan what?! As Kyle H. says "L&E is simply amazing" and I didn't go because of the phrase "long man" like John B. did (ha-ha). Karen T. writes "If I could sum up L&E's aesthetic / mood in 4 words, it would be: New American hipster chic." and I can see where she comes up with that. I took one bit of my dish and like Amy H. I said "OH MY HEAVEN!!!". Then again, it was probably more like Molly O. "Duck.Me." (We'll just move that F somewhere else Miss Molly). For more detail about the decor, atmosphere, killer food, stellar service, and fancy drinks please read up on Angie M., Brett D. and Penny S. reviews or any of the other 800+ others.   If I knew places like this existed maybe I'd travel more. But really when the magnificently mischievous Molly O. calls, you run... or take 2 trains, 3 buses, and a piggyback on some old lady built like old Schwarzenegger (Whew! I'll never forget that ride!!)... or you can just drive. Though I will warn you, parking gets a bit challenging and I'm sure it worsens the later it gets. I dig this place!! Get the Roasted Miller Farms Half Chicken, Potato & Mushroom Terrine,Smoked Bacon, Haricot Verts, Chausseur Sauce, you'll be ecstatic!!This review is dedicated to Johny T and his weekly Yelp, the good people at L&E for making me____* in my pants, and to Molly O. for being a fantastic dinner companion (though I can't prove it, I think she might have been stealing bites from my plate while I wasn't looking).  * Come on people!! The word is dance. You never heard that expression "dance in my pants", well now you have.R: "Love, stop staring"A: "But she is is just... awful!!! Obnoxious! And her walk... She looks like she just got off a horse! And a large one at that.....gosh....you should look at her!"R: "No I won't. Her boyfriend is just behind you, looking our direction and he doesn't look much better"(Cowgirl speaking loudly on the phone, starts laughing hysterically in a very coarse voice. It's scary)I decide to go to the bathroom to check on the 'boyfriend'. He is quite the sight, sports a tilted cowboy hat and requests a margarita. I so want to yell at him he's not in the right place. The waiter handles the situation very calmly. He is my new hero.I make my way inside, push the "Women" door and see a dude coming out of one of the stalls. He looks at me, smiles, stumbles and says: "All right then".Meanwhile dude outside fell from his chair.Solely based on this experience L&E sounds like an.......interesting place to say the least. They are specialized in whiskey, after all. Makes sense.But the truth is, L&E is a lovely place. Just lovely.And the food........What about rich bone marrow with candied shallots, sourdough bread and sea salt?!? Can anything be better? Hmmmmm....not sure. I am that close to sacrifice my pets (my husband?!?) to crack their spine and suck it up like there is no tomorrow.Or not.Other winners: pig cheeks, meatballs in creamy polenta, fig and plum salad and the rabbit pâté served with home-made giardinara....The appetizers and small plates are, indeed, pretty small but if you are in a grazing mood and just want a taste of everything, it's definitely the way to go.Try the Logan Palmer with Bourbon, Fresh Lemon, House-made Lavender Infused Simple Syrup, Tea, Lavender Leaves. Bruise the leaves in your hand and enjoy the smell. And don't pass on the $3 shots of whiskey. I am in love with the idea, and just regret not having one (or two) more.But I'll be back, Longman. I'll be back.Longman & Eagle is simply amazing. Yes, it oozes sex appeal, and is a great place to take a date on a weekend night. Because those are the ones when you really want to make an impression, and L&E can totally be your wingman for the night!Service was impeccable, from the time we arrived, to the enjoyable wait at the bar trying their big beer list, and whiskeys and old timey cocktails like a sidecar with shaved nutmeg. Once seated, no less than five people took care of us, and explained every dish that was put on the table.L&E has enough appetizers and small plates, that we made our meal by assembling small plates of Gastropub "tapas". -Pretzel w/Welsh Rarebit, great! Rarebit is like beer cheese soup, and dipping a big homemade pretzel served as a great appetizer.-Bone marrow w/spicy jam served on crostini. Scooping bone marrow and jam out of a big dog's bone was new to me, but this was really tasty!-Pumpkin gnocchi w/foie gras, juniper berries and rosemary. Excellent! And the juice was great to dip the crostini in. (I'm getting the name of the dish wrong, it's way more "culinary", but pumpkin gnocchi is what it is.)-Spicy Wild Boar Sloppy Joes- big enough for a meal, this came with fries, and oddly, just plain old ketchup. The sloppy joe was, indeed, spicy, and huge!Dessert was out of the question! But since we had been talking about ice wine, decided to order the Apple Ice Wine from Ontario, which was a nice light way to end a great meal, and a great experience at Longman & Eagle. Many happy returns are in order!We started the day with donuts in Roseland what is the obvious place for lunch?A cool hipster gastropub in Logan Square, naturally.  So many people had recommended this to us, including the waiter at the last place my husband and I went out for brunch.  The fun vibe of a Friday Adventure on a Thursday continued as I took my daughter out to lunch for her upcoming birthday.  We split a melon, goat cheese and fig salad which was quite pleasant with unexpected heat from the cheese.  I then ordered the Cubano sandwich with pork belly, ham and zucchini pickles because I adore Cubanos and this one sounded unique.  It was so filling and so good.  I could only eat half and now I wish I had brought the other half home.  My hands down favorite part of the meal was my Goslings Ginger Beer, what a zing of tingly ginger.  I adored it and seriously, does anyone know where I can buy this in the Chicago area?  Plus, while we were having our leisurely lunch, my daughter downloaded Draw Something for me on my phone. Great afternoon all the way around!I easily get lost in reading reviews of Longman & Eagle for hours. Each negative review I spot sends me down a rabbit hole of negativity that was created by individuals that I would advise to discontinue visiting restaurants. If twenty percent of your reviews are negative, perhaps I should hold your hand and choose food for you the next time that you dine somewhere. I would hope that Kuma's always has a better burger than L&E because that's the only thing that they're known for. I don't want to know what place you'd rather dine at that's better, but not in Chicago. If you feel like the menu is somehow pretentious and confusing, perhaps you should embrace the Information Age and pull out your phone to learn a thing or two about food. That's what I do.If you often end up waiting for hours to grab a bite here, that's what you get for working from 9 to 5. I'll never forget the day that I called my dad to let him know that he was wrong. A life without alarm clocks is possible, unless I'm taking a nap.For now, I will continue visiting this place to confidentally get some of the best food that I will likely ever have in my life.I've been to Longman & Eagle for dinner, drinks AND late night snacks, but until Saturday, I had yet to experience brunch.Freaking brunch, man!  It's off the chain!Go for calorie broke and order the fried chicken with waffles.  Yes, the fried chicken is reminiscent of the fried chicken at Six Flags Great America and yes, that is a good thing.  It's awesome.Dig deeper into the calorie fest and get the biscuits and gravy.  So rich.  So creamy.  So fan-flipping-tastic.I ordered a scramble with bell peppers, mushrooms, arugula and goat cheese served over 1/2 a croissant and a side of breakfast potatoes.  Sure, you can get mixed greens instead of taters, but the question is WHY?  I asked our server which he preferred and he didn't skip a beat when telling me to go the carb route.  I'm glad I paid attention.Exceptional service.  Our Paul Bunyan-esque waiter was not only cute in that burly, cuddly way, he was right on his game providing the type of flawless service where you feel really well attended to, but you kind of forget the server is even there.Our love affair continues, L&E.  Muah!I dunno... I just am having a hard time with this place. I had a good time and spent more money than I wanted to. Longman and Eagle is in the space once occupied by The Winds Cafe... which was terrible. But, The Winds kept the neighborhood pegged as a place Lincoln Parkers wouldn't come to. when I arrived, blonde girls with heels were getting out of cabs complaining that they were cold. Cabs are very un-Logan Square. I hope they were just there because they read about it on Metromix. This place will be wildly popular while not being "the best" at anything. For example-- the Kobe burger? Delicious but not a Kuma's burger. The cocktails? Wonderful, but not as good as The Whistlers. The Beef fat fries? Superb, but not as tasty as Hot Doug's Duck fat fries. Get my drift? One more gripe-- the lights are super dim, which is great for ambiance. However, their menu is in about 8pt font and on a natural tone paper, making it nearly impossible to read. I looked around the room and everyone was holding their menus to the candle light and squinting to read. That said, it's nice to have a classy joint in the neighborhood with good food and tasty drinks. I just hope it doesn't come with a side of douchebag. I was just starting to like this neighborhood.It's late and I don't want to write out an actual review so instead I'm going to post conversational snippets that have taken place on my two brunch-themed visits to Longman & Eagle."I want to live here.""I don't think you can.""I want to steal all the furniture and whiskey from here and set it up in my own house and make believe like I live here.""I don't think you can do that either.""Goddammit. I can't do anything I wanna do.""That's a really inappropriate sound you're making in public.""IT'S OLD BAY HOLLENDAISE ON MY CRABCAKE BENEDICT. SHUT UP AND LET ME BE HAPPY.""I'm super uncomfortable just listening to you.""UUUNNNGGGGHHHHHHHHH.""Stop drinking the dressing.""It's black truffle vinaigrette.""YOU ARE DRINKING DRESSING!""IT'S BLACK TRUFFLE! VINAIGRETTE!""This duck hash is how I'd imagine Jesus to taste if he weren't made out of communion.""You are going to hell in the express lane.""That's a big glass of vodka with some tomato juice splashed in.""Do you make Bloody Marys a different way?""...Not really, no.""Then shut up and get drunk."I love you Longman & Eagle. One day I'll come back for dinner-type things.Oh yum.  Seriously, yum.  I recently enjoyed a very nice brunch with one of my big brothers at Longman & Eagle.  Apparently my brother is a regular, they knew him by name, but even before he arrived the service was warm and welcoming.  He said to meet him at "11ish" on Saturday morning, of course they were packed.  I waited at the bar for him and the bartender asked if I wanted a drink or to peruse a menu.  When Robert arrived we decided to sit at the bar instead of wait for a table. The service at the bar was fantastic and it was just as comfortable as a table, if you're in a hurry to sit down head to the bar, you won't be disappointed.  One of the bartenders said "if I knew you were Robert's sister I would've been nicer to you!" and I honestly thought "how could y'all be *nicer*?!"The brunch menu made my head spin, too many delicious choices.  Of course, my hobo blood will out and so I chose the closest thing to corned beef hash...the sunny side duck egg hash.  Duck confit, spring onions, potatoes, and a black truffle vinaigrette blanketed by two perfectly cooked sunny side up duck eggs.  Oh man it was delicious.  It was gorgeous too.  It might be rare to find beauty in breakfast foods, but seriously, those were some good lookin' eggs. Robert had some kind of deliciousness that I can't remember the name of.  I get the feeling no matter what you order here it's going to be good.  Longman & Eagle would be a great date spot, be it breakfast, lunch, or dinner.  It's a warm and inviting atmosphere with dark wood, exposed brick, and hipster chic touches.  The outdoor space would be a great spot for a spring or summer dinner date...I don't think I can accurately review this place yet, as we ordered some of the less inventive fare - two different salads, a burger. We did try a couple more fun things, like the sweetbreads, dehydrated bacon, and wild boar sloppy joe, but I still don't feel like I can attest to the menu as a whole. So thanks for reading this totally useless review. Just kidding. I had a very important revelation tonight... They say the name Longman and Eagle is a reference to the nearby Illinois Centennial Monument, a structure that has an Eagle perched atop which was sculpted by Evelyn Longman. I reject this all-too-convenient explanation. I postulate that Longman/Eagle is an homage to one of the greatest TV helicopter pilots of the Cold War era: Stringfellow Hawke. Furthermore, whoever named this establishment was a closet Airwolf fan. Think about it. What is long? String is long. What's another word for Man? Fellow. (You can probably figure out Eagle/Hawk part.) What sells food and whiskey better than anything? Experimental helicopters and Jan Michael Vincent. The man single handedly turned "Jan" into a perfectly acceptable first name for a boy. I have had this poster on my wall for many years tinyurl.com/yyvopb2 and I live by its motto. I encourage you to do the same.It was a dark and stormy night, our two heroes braved a growing storm to huddle their slightly hungry selves in to a slightly dimly lit abode. Hearing a possible crazy wait was in store for them, they knew what they were up against. Looking across the room as they entered, brick was exposing itself every where. Noises of friends and couples bounced all over the room, lending itself to louder voices, but nothing obtrusive. The smiling hostess greeted our brave warriors of eating with a 30 to 45 minute wait, begrudgingly, not as bad as what was thought, they proceeded to make their mark and wait at the bar. Here they spy a fine list of drinks, a size able beer list, various in location and styles. Wines that satisfied and lightened a heavy mood. A nod to a server and a beer and glass of wine was placed. Then. Out of no where. Their prescribed time was cut to, "If you could close out your tab we will have a seat ready for you in a few moments." Sweet. Super sweet. Our fine duo headed over to the table and poured over their options. The pressure had begun. With what little room that was left in their stomachs, what would satisfy yet not overfill their gastronomic tendencies? Meatballs. You can rarely ever go wrong with balls of meat in polenta and fonduta. Although small, they pack a big punch of flavor. Beware, they should have a label warning of their crackiosity. (Yeah I said it. They are that good.) To follow that up, two light salads were ordered, a shaved pear with generous chunks of stilton and green beans. A slight nod to naughtiness yet filled with light and fresh fruit to make you feel ever so healthy. (Those tricky tricky bastards.) The other, a brand new asparagus salad with a softly cooked egg, that when the tenderest touch hits the delicate casing out came the oozing and delicious center. Aromas of truffle wafted over. (Damn.) Our virtuous twosome, slightly woozy from these first hits of fantastic feastdom, they only got their bearings straight long enough to be dealt with another well timed hit. Scallops and braised oxtail. Well seared and deeply colored scallops sitting on a bed of melt in your mouth braised tail surrounded by delicate gnocchi and topped off again with a fontina fonduta. The sauce got overplayed by the well seasoned tail, but all in all it was a sumptuous dish. Libations were well needed as the final and heavy blow came thundering down on the wavering duo. A selection of some fine artisanal cheese for dessert. Soft and room temperature, served simply with a little reduced fruit and toasted bread. Although not as varied, it was a simple and fine ending to a hunger battle well played. Sparring was not needed with the staff, for they served every moment well attended with a smile and gracious attitude. The bill was the ultimate knockout, well with in reason price. Our wavering and valiant friends sauntered off and away, smiles on their faces, but eyes tired of fighting the love of the place. It was a might struggle, but the battle was one sided. Longman and Eagle: 1. Duo: 0.We were here for my birthday lunch. We'd never come out to Logan Sq before but I'd heard it was good for restaurants. The neighborhood did not look it though. This place is a diamond in the rough. TOTS hipster.I had just seen Lawless with Tom Hardy, a movie set in Virginia during the prohibition about bootleggers and I swear I thought the bootleggers had gone haute cuisine and opened this place up. Floor to ceiling dark hardwood. Solid wall of whiskey. Lots of flannel.Anyway, we had the duck hash and the wild boar sloppy joe. One elegant and nuanced, just gorgeous; the other heavy, yes sloppy, and super rich. PS thanks for asking if I'm "okay" with my fries being cooked in beef fat, and honey YES PLEASE!  I've had duck fat fries that seemed to be a gimmick but these beef fat fries actually tasted it. Scrumdiddliumptious.Spring Break 2012!!  Woo Hoo!!  So maybe my week on the couch hasn't been reminiscent of old MTV specials; however, when I have gotten out, it has been fun! We lunched today at Longman and Eagle and it was fabulous.  We started with the fig, cheese and melon salad.  The cantaloupe was unlike any I have ever tasted before.  It was extra juicy and had a super concentrated flavor.  Our server let us know that this was by design as the melon undergoes some sort of transformative process that makes it more delicious and compresses the flavor.  Whatever it is, it is genius! I also had the burger and I will venture to say that the bacon on my burger was the best I ever had.  It was extra smokey and really complemented the beef. Not only that, but it came with beef fat fries.  Cap all of that off with a Mexican Coke and total win!Chicken and Waffles, so delicious... with a shot of Talisker on the rocks... where else can you get that combination, Chicago is where. I love this place, would definitely return my next visit to Chi-town.My highly anticipated Longman & Eagle visit was nothing short of fabulous. I seriously love everything about it here-the atmosphere, location, service, and obviously food and drinks. I think I might even be obsessed.I came here for brunch with some friends from grad school a couple of weeks ago. We all ordered different dishes, and I loved everything that I tried. After much deliberation, I decided on the Peeky Toe Crab Benedict with One Hour Eggs, Old Bay Infused Hollandaise and the House Potatoes. Holy YUM. This particular dish was almost too indulgent, so I was sad that I could not finish it. At $13, you get more than your money's worth--highly recommend.I would love to come back for their PBR Breakfast, which consists of Two Eggs Any Style, Nueske's Bacon or Housemade Sausage, House Potatoes, and an Ice-cold Can of PBR...all for $7! It seems like quite the deal. After reading all these awesome reviews about their Lunch and Dinner items, I am for sure coming back. See you soon L&E!!! xoxoSimply put, I loved it. I brought a certain special guy here for his special birthday dinner and we couldn't have left happier. We'd been meaning to try for awhile (clearly, word is out on the streets that this is THE PLACE to be), and finally had an excuse.We went relatively early on a Thursday evening and had no wait for a lovely table outside on their patio. Good news for us, because we were hungry!A round of cocktails set us off to peruse the menu. I went with the Dark and Stormy, which was delightfully gingery, as it should be. We started with the meatballs and polenta  (YUM) and the pretzel with the welsh rarebit (DOUBLE YUM). In lieu of both ordering entrees and our desire to maximize our menu experience, we went with two small plates and an entree. We did the gulf shrimp and grits (my least favorite...edible, but just not as appetizing as I imagined it) and the sweetbreads (served smoked pastrami style a la Reuben, it was stellar). For our entree, we split the hangar steak with the bone marrow ravioli. Cooker perfectly with fresh elotes and green beans underneath, it was a beautiful dish (both to observe and to eat).Of course, being as it was a special occasion, we had to get dessert (and another cocktail...Persian Sunrise for me!). We went with the Gruyere donuts. Another stunning win. It was a more savory dish, but the cheesy donuts and the accompanying whipped goat cheese was wonderful. Rich and savory, it rounded out the meal to perfection.The service deserves its own mention. Not only was our server knowledgeable about the menu (and how many dishes we wanted to order), he was friendly, accommodating, and just plain nice. Dirty plates were whisked away in short order, waters never stayed empty, and cocktails were replenished in short order. It was the best service I have had in a long time.I have to agree with the others...two people at L&E just isn't enough. You don't get to try nearly enough dishes! Come with a crew that likes to share so you get a chance to sample more of the exquisitely crafted menu.Due to Lula Cafe being so damn packed this past Sunday @ 10AM, me and my entourage moved it on over to Longman & Eagle for breakfast/brunch. We called over and they told us a wait for 6 people would be 10 minutes. We made it over and we stood near the bar for about 20 minutes. Once seated, I instantly ordered a mimosa. I knew what i wanted already since I had already heard rave reviews about the Sunny Side Hen Egg Hash with Duck Confit. The duck was very tender and was packed with mad flavor. The black truffle vinaigrette really added to the already flavorful duck. I saw they had a beermosa on the menu and since i am a beer lover, there was no way I could pass that up. The beermosa is hacker-schorr and orange juice. Pretty good and good for if you have a hangover. Just wanna give you a warning: This place is small and if you wear good clothes, they will smell like the kitchenI mean it, I can't stop the L&E love.The salads are huge and incredible.Scallop and gnocchi is ridiculous.Lentils and cauliflower is still my favorite dish.Gruyer donut dessert? Fuck.Me.If I could sum up Longman & Eagle's aesthetic / mood in 4 words, it would be: New American hipster chic. From decor to food, they take some classic combinations and dressed them up in unconventional ways to reinvent color and flavor profiles.After an afternoon of dress alterations, my fellow bridesmaid and I decided to celebrate that we still fit into our gowns by pigging out here. My life is all about making bad decisions.First up was an amuse bouche of tuna tartare with compressed peach and pickled daikon. As raw fish comprises ~50% of my diet (the other half being cheese), I've had a fair share of tartares, and the peach and radish were a radically different take on adding acid/lightness/sugar to the fish. I liked it. A lot.We split quite a few small plates. The foie gras ($15) came out first, and it was beautifully smooth. With sweet fig and a blueberry gastrique, the kitchen really added their own twist to the traditional torchon with brioche. The next dish, seared scallops with corn and fava beans ($12) was also a hit. I love English peas; the puree was subtle and a delicious complement to the perfectly cooked seafood. Finally, we shared the hiramasa tartare, which had compressed mango, cucumber and an avocado puree ($14). After eating the first tuna tartare amuse, I was a little curious to see how a small plate of yellowtail (hamachi) tartare would compare. Both fish were delicious, but the avocado puree on this plate rounded out and elevated the dish.For my entree I had the pork belly ($19). They sold me with the corn-bacon risotto and chanterelles. This plate was much darker and earthier than our appetizers. I wasn't prepared for it - it was an explosion of fall/late summer flavors, and the black garlic emulsion in particular added a serious bitterness to the dish. Finally, though we were groaning with satiety, we *had* to peek at the dessert menu. Of course, we also *had* to split a gianduja creme brulee ($8) - chocolatey, hazelnutty and creamy. Executed with perfect technique - what's not to like?Service was great and the atmosphere was awesome. We breathed a breath of relief upon arriving sans reservation around 6 pm. There was no line, so we got right in, but there was definitely a crowd when we were leaving. I'd keep this spot in my go-to meal repertoire along with sola and avec.So how have I not eaten here before?  That is what all my friends have been asking...  Good question!I made it in for a quiet weekday brunch and it was really really really good!We split four selections between the two of us...A perfectly prepared scone,  mean perfect, and that is rare it was buttery and crumbly, it was perfect!A spicy salad with pressed melon, that was new for me, and I loved every last bite of that spicy green sweet delight!Crab and egg benedict was perfect, and I do mean perfect!Finally a burger, yes please Ill take another! Juicy and wonderful!The part that really excited me was the whiskey menu, those of you who know me, know that I boast a whiskey and tequila bar in my house that is my pride and joy, about 50 whiskeys alone...  Guess what the Longman and Eagle put my collection to shame and I like when bars put mine to shame, because I can hang there with my friends and not have to clean up afterwards!Watch out L & E I am coming to sample that whiskey and I am bringing my crew!Longman & Eagle is the best restaurant in Chicago. Best sweetbreads I've ever had If I didn't know better I would guess they were marinated in the souls of penthouse pets.Ox tail and scallops were fucking delish. Bone marrow with onion relish got me harder than a Trigonometry exam!Short ribs with beets and Lima beans the least creative dish but executed to perfection.Get back in the kitchen Charlie Trotter! And stop it with the novelty 'foam' Moto! This is the new deal!Service was extremely attentive without being annoying. I can't say enough good things about this place. Out of all the places akin to this none come close.Oh and the cocktail are made perfectly with the utmost attention and care. Unquestionably one of the best manhattans I have ever had. Maker's Mark shots for $3.00!!! Best $9.00 desert I have ever had. Shit and there is foie gras on the desert menu. Sadly I was too full to get it...But these people get it. Duck fat and 90 proof bourbon for desert is something I have longed for longer than the lines Rick James used to chop me up.In the past week I have gotten the opportunity to eat (and love!) pig head (tete de couchon), lamb heart, ox tail and beef tongue.  Also I sampled some local white whiskies and some rarer single barrel bourbons.  All in the down home, wooden atmosphere that is Longman & Eagle.  Don't get me wrong, not everything they serve came from the inside of an animal (some come from the outside) but these dishes were prepared so perfectly, who could resist? (plus I get to say I ate pig face and lamb heart!)L&E did not have the snobby, trendy "I know more than you do about whiskies and food" vibe that I expected.  It is low key, has a friendly staff, wonderful food and drinks and is humble about its new restuarnt popularity.This is one badassmutherfucker.  Pardon my French,  but it really is.Jam packed,  long waits,  but all quite rewarding.  I won't tell you how to pull off making the long wait bearable  (it has something to do with having a friend that lives down the street and a telephone).  Once you are in you can just turn the speed meter off and take it all in.They have a Michelin star for christ sake!  If you know any thing about Michelin stars and table cloths you will really understand how truly impressive that feat is.Food combination's range from simple,  buffalo style frog legs with aerated blue cheese  to a diabolical dish of,  agnoloti with truffle,  chanterelles and what I can only describe as mushroom mouse.   Some will say this dish was a bit overpowering,  but I had  a very hoppy ale at the suggestion of my waiter and it was a triumph of flavor and texture.  A duck entree was also a testament of skill,  a rare breast alongside the best version of confit I can remember,  the secondary components escape me,  but I remember being blown away throughout. Cocktails are hand crafted and outstanding,  much better than many in the city for $5 more.When my waiter asked how things were half way through I actually asked,  "are you fucking kidding me."  Not very restrained,  but I believe showing excitement when it is still exciting and this restaurant is exciting.I would say a great place to be adventurous. I tried the the sweetbread (thymus) which tasted almost like a combination of chewy chicken breast and liver. I've been meaning to try the roasted bone marrow at Volo, but glad I finally got to try it here. I also tried the kobe burger to fill up, but I have to say, it was the worst kobe burger I have in my life. The only thing I liked about the burger was the beautiful slabs of bacon. The star of the show was the wild boar sloppy joes. However, you should note my standards of sloppy joes are quite low. I've had a $1 bake sale type sloppy joe and one that I made myself using Coca-Cola as the "secret" ingredient. But if you never had a sloppy joe from here, it simply tastes like meat ragu between buns.So there you go. Had a bipolar dining experience, in which some items were great, some horrible. But, I think I'll keep this place more as a watering hole for some whiskey.HOLY CHEESUS!We showed up early to ensure we could get a table in good time and then spent the next two hours in food and whiskey bliss.I ordered the Seared Maine Scallops, Braised Oxtail, Black Truffle Gnocchi, Celery Root, Butternut Squash, Fontina Fondutawith a blood and sand to sip on the side. Delish. Both went down so smoothly. The small plate was so rich and buttery and melted onto the tongue. I was sad to see it gone, but so happy I had room for dessert. I decided to order - Warm Gruyere Donuts, "Blis" Maple Syrup, Rasped Parmesan, Roasted Hazelnut, Whipped Citrus Goat Cheese-OH MY FREAKING HEAVENS.  I have no words that can do justice to how delighful and seductive this tasted. Do yourself a favor and go put this in your mouth. Only good things can come of it.On a last note, I had a chance to try the Buffalo Trace Whitedog rye whiskey.  It smelled like vanilla and butterscothch and went to down the hatch too smothly to be considered safe. It was delicious and I am seriously considering spiking my coffee with it every morning for the rest of my life.It took me a while to warm up to Longman and Eagle. My first experience was not good. First of all, I don't understand "gastro-pubs." I never have and I never will. To me, it's a bar with food. Let's not be pretentious and give it some silly name like "gastro-pub", plus that name just makes me think of gas. Needless to say, my first experience was every ounce of pretension that the stupid name implies. Then I went back with the motley Logan Square crew for brunch. They loved it, they know the owner, they told me to give the brunch a chance and it was good. It was great, actually. I had a horchata and Sailor Jerry cocktail, which was interesting, and the best biscuits and gravy to ever enter my face hole. The other night I went back for dinner with some friends and we were off to that rocky pretentious start again, but things smoothed out. The bartender recommended a tasty cocktail (Negroni di Aquila) and once my friends arrived we tore into that "gastro" menu. It's probably easier to list what we didn't order, because we practically got one of everything, but these were my favorites: - The tomato salad. Perfect for summer. Light and fresh. - The foie gras. I don't know how they did it, but they made goose liver taste like blueberry pancakes. It was so light and fluffy...like mousse...and refreshing, which is not something you think of when you think of foie gras. A+++++ - The strawberry shortcake. OH MY HEAVEN!!! The shortcake was more like a biscuit, the strawberries and whipped cream were fresh, and the balsamic was sweet and tangy (although they were a touch heavy handed when they poured it on.) A delightful dessert. It took a while, but I'm a fan of Longman & Eagle.I really wanted to like this place especially since the group I was with waited 3 hours to sit.  I know....3 hours is ridiculous but we got to the point of no return and would feel even more irritated if we left after 2 hours.  They don't take reservations which we knew and expected to wait 2 hours...3 hours is insane and annoying.This place is small with an open kitchen in the corner.  It's hot and smells like a kitchen.  EwI wasn't impressed with the food either....had the sloppy joe, bone marrow (sick), and tried the steak.I refer to it as "man food". Every guy I was with loved it.  Every woman I was with, not so much.However, I know a lot of people that love this place so might be worth checking out.Longman & Eagle ruined my birthday. Let's start piling on the troubles, shall we?We called ahead, heard that the wait was about 25-30 minutes, so decided to brave the blizzard hitting Chicago to make it over there in time. When we arrived, I got the cold shoulder from the hostess who, while I saw her offer coat check and menus to people ahead of and behind me, pretty much ignored me except to tell me that I had to re-check in when my fiance, who was parking the car, got there. We did as she said, and were promised a 30 minute wait time. Over an hour later, we still weren't seated. Oh yeah, did I mention this was a MONDAY? I don't care if it takes an hour to seat us, just tell me upfront. We did get an update from the hostess after an hour, telling us it would be a "LITTLE longer". Oh, longer than the extra 30 minutes you just said? Okay. We waited some more in the packed, jostling bar area until we were called for our table, which was directly in front of the door with freezing snow and cold blowing in every 3 minutes or so, and a crazy cold draft coming from the window. We were also ATTACHED to the hostess stand. After trying out both sides of the table, we asked the hostess if it was possible for us to wait a bit longer and get another table. I can't really fathom it or believe it, but the blonde hostess said "No."I was really sad and starting to feel like this might have "worst birthday ever" written all over it, but tried to remain optimistic. So what if I had to wear my Columbia ski coat through dinner, right?That was until our server stopped by and decided that even though we'd had to wait 3 times as long as we'd been told, and even though we were seated at the WORST POSSIBLE TABLE in the restaurant, AND it was my birthday, she didn't have to smile or pretend to be interested in us at all. While we were ordering (after no hello, have you been here before, recommendations, or general politeness... more of a clipped, "are you guys ready?"), after my fiance had ordered the bulk of the meal, I threw in that I wanted to also try the welsh rarebit. She stared at me blankly before sniping, "What, like as your entree?" Me: "What?" Her: "You want PRETZELS as your entree?" Me: "Um no, as an appetizer." Fiance: "We're going to share the chicken entree."Her: "Oh, okay." (And then brushing us off and walking away rudely.)At this point, I was so disappointed in the entire experience that my eyes filled with tears (yes, they made me CRY on my birthday), and my fiance suggested we just leave.So, we did. Restaurants take reservations for a reason, and that reason is for the benefit of the customer. Perhaps making the back portion of the place for reservations and keeping the front for walk-ins, they could accommodate everyone while keeping the "hipster vibe" they seem to be going for. Or, if you make a patron wait 3 times as long as they were promised, ask if they'd like a drink on the house, or at least recognize your mistake and make sure they end up at a decent table. I won't be returning unless they open up to the idea of reservations, and even then, I'll have my own reservations about trying this place again.**Update: Bruce, the owner, immediately responded to my review with an apologetic message. I get the feeling that it was possibly a bad night with all bad service focused on our table. I'm willing to increase my rating after this very nice follow-up email, but don't think I'll be headed back to L & E.As a recent transplant, my mission in Chicago to this point has been to find the best burger the city has to offer. I heard about L&E on ahamburgertoday as having one of the better burgers in town. Eager to try it out, my girlfriend and I headed over to Logan Square on a gray, windy, and rainy Saturday afternoon for lunch.Arriving, the one thing we immediately noticed was that there was no host to be seen. We stood waiting by the door for several minutes, catching stares from other diners in the cozy front dinging room/bar area. We were finally seated and handed the brunch menu, which is basically just breakfast and lunch menus.We put our order in with our waitress--obviously I went with the burger, medium, while my girlfriend opted for the BLT with fried egg--and then we waited. And waited. And waited some more. Diners at tables on both sides of us had been seated and ordered in the time after we had placed our orders. After about 20 minutes, out waitress returned to confirm I had indeed ordered fries with my burger. That was a pretty clear indication she had never put our order in. I can understand if a server is frazzled and made an honest mistake, but it was Saturday around 12--not too crowded, and instead of copping to her mistake and apologizing, letting us know where our food is, she basically lied to us.So we wait another 20 minutes. Meanwhile, the couple to the right of us is served and eating. The hipster girl to our left who has been busy getting chatted up by the host--who is too busy slinging game than greeting and seating customers and tending to the door that is blowing open every 5 minutes because of the wind--gets her eggs benedict AND BLT. We are pissed.Our food finally arrives. We are offered no explanation as to why it took over an hour for them to prepare a cheeseburger and BLT. The thick slab of cheddar on my burger is not even melted, which is strange because as I bite into my burger, all I see is gray. So while there was ample time to overcook the burger, there was no time to melt the cheese. The beef was mealy and dry, not a drop of juice, and pretty tasteless. The bun was a brioche that was wayyyyyy too much for the burger. Every bite was disgustingly dry, bready, cheddary. The egg on the BLT was rubbery as well. We were sorely disappointed.We left Longman & Eagle pretty pissed. The service was bad and the food was worse. It was clear no one was trying. We won't be back.L&E has been on my list for a little while now. I've heard nothing but great things and after settling on dinner plans, I was a little worried about being let down. It's been known to happen. After spying the menu all week, I thought I could possibly be setting myself up for failure but L&E delivered tonight in a big way. Knowing this place tends to get packed we decided on an early dinner. We arrived about 4:30. Dinner service does not start until 5 so we noshed on a cheese plate and ordered up some cocktails. Some sort of craft beer for my dining partner (what, I have no idea...I'd be happy with a Miller Lite...ok, not really but you get what I'm saying) and a Gin Fizz for me - which was delightful on this sweltering day. The cheese plate was a treat. We were presented with a blue, a gouda,  a manchego and peach chutney. All were fantastic but I was partial to the gouda. Before we knew it, dinner service was open for bizness. YES!We started with the roasted marrow bones. I've been wanting to try this for a while. I was a little concerned about being grossed out but it was delicious. It's served w/red onion jam & crostini and I loved every single fatty bite of it. There were a lot of interesting things on the menu and while I am not the biggest fan of sweet breads, their take on a rueben sandwich looks interesting...pastrami cured sweet breads?Say wha??We decided to order up some entrees vs. sharing anymore small plates. I think this was a good call for I got to taste L&E's version of the porchetta and man was it...FREAKIN AWESOME. It's not listed on the website so I was pretty stoked to see it on the menu. It was served over corn-bacon risotto and finished with a peach & tomato relish and microgreens. Other than the bites I shared with my dinner date, I finished every last bite. Yum. The sockeye salmon was also ordered up and while I did not taste it, it looked great and was finished in its entirety.You'd think we'd know when to stop, but why when there is still dessert to be had? The warm gruyere doughnuts rounded out this wonderful meal. It is served with citrus flavored goat cheese, shredded parmesan and maple syrup. Oh. my. GAWD. The goat cheese was ah-mazing. The doughnuts were perfection and everything just worked.  I cannot say anything wrong about anything I had. No criticisms, no complaints. The service was fabulous and our server was quite helpful. I enjoyed the space and all the offerings of L&E and I know I will definitely be back.....just as soon as my arteries have had a chance to recover.I loved it!! The food is pretty high brow for a bar , or is it a restaurant with a really big drink selection? I don't know, I loved it through! The environment is a little rustic but simple and classy. It felt like a modern day saloon. The guy from Boulevard bikes is a bartender there.I can't wait until the 45's start jamming next week, its 50 cents for 7 songs!! what a deal! Our 7 selections are in there...so they'll be the first ones to played once they get that part.The kitchen is open and you can see all the yummy plates go by, which is how we got tempted to put our name down for a table opening night. We had the scallop with oxtail and gnocchi, the olives, the ravioli with crisp sage, and the pretzel and rarebit. While i felt like the portions were a little small for the price, my friends thought that it was enough though. Maybe I just want more of everything when it's good.They have Matilda on tap for 8 bucks, and Maudite for 6! This is gonna be a popular spot in the hood for sure.L&E can be pretty packed on Sunday afternoons. There isn't much standing room by the door and patrons will not be seated unless the whole party is there. Here's what we had for brunch: deconstructed clam chowder, croque madam, sunny side duck egg hash, and peeky toe crab benedict. The clam chowder had a pork belly centerpiece surrounded with scallions, wine-infused baby clams, bacon shreds, and potato pellets. I started from the outside and worked my way in. Everything was marvelous especially with the wine-popping clams until I swam to mid-ocean. I was drowned in salt water in the region circulating the pork belly. Had to sound the red alert and scramble ashore and chug a huge glass of water.  I managed to get a huge bite of the croque madam and peeky toe crab benedict. They were my favorites! The croquet madam was very well toasted with a generous portion of ham. The ham was layered with mornay sauce and the sandwich was topped with a sunnyside up egg. It can get messy but it's well worth it. It also sounds like a heavy lunch but it really wasn't especially with the sides of greens. The peeky toe crab benedict had shreds of crab and one hour eggs placed on an English muffin. Despite the portions appearing a bit small, this delicatessen can be filling. The duck egg hash was a little less memorable. I would've enjoyed it better if they didn't cut the duck confit and potatoes to tiny bits.I took a big risk coming here for Sunday brunch. With my vegetarian sister, my innocent grandma, and dad who expects the word "brunch" to imply "buffet". But dammit it was my birthday brunch and I was going where I wanted to.  I mean...I'd never been here before, but I should be ok right...Eh? An hour wait? I was doomed. My family was going to hate me.Luckily a table was available within ten minutes and we got to ordering. And with a look of disapproval from dad, I got the whiskey Bloody Mary, which was as smooth as it was spicy. And strong.Generally, the food didn't impress my family too much, and generally they thought it was too salty. I got the duck hash/confit and I enjoyed it, though I've had better potatoes (and there were a lot of them compared to duck).But what really won me over was what came out after my mom ever so slyly dropped that it was my birthday. She did this by telling the waitress, "it's my son's birthday".A plate with a lone candle. And a shot of whiskey.One more look of disapproval from dad later, I was set to lay back and enjoy a day of football and sleep. Thanks L&E!I would suggest coming here with a group of four. And like one of my dinning companions ruled: no one can get the same thing. It was a nice way to sample a little bit of a lot of dishes...which you will want to do when you see all of the interesting options you have on the menu. Before I get into the food (which I think is ALWAYS the most important part), let me remark on the restaurant itself since in this case it did somehow play a factor in my experience. The wait was long. My peeps got there at 6:15 and they would not give a specific amount of time until we got a table, but then about 20 minutes later they told us 25 minutes until we'd be seated. However, we actually got sat 75 minutes after we arrived, for a Friday or Saturday night, I would expect it...but a Monday at 6:15 p.m.? This place sits at the popular kids table. The restaurant is smaller than I imagined. Everyone who works here and almost all the customers are what I would call hipsters. However, the hipsters would probably call me a yuppie. It is very crowded, even when you are sitting. There are tons of people waiting for tables or lurking by the bar inbetween tables. The service was fantastic. The hostess was super nice and spunky, the waitress was friendly and helpful, and we got "thank you for coming" from two other employees on the way out (such a nice touch). Onto the food. The award for the best in each category goes to...-  Bar Snacks: fancy pretzel with dip (amazing cheese sauce)- Small Plate: pork belly (it melts in your mouth)- Sandwich/Salad: sloppy joe (a little spicy but fantastic with the fries)- Entree:  fried softshell crab (amazing potato salad with lobster and bacon accompanies it)- Desserts: none. I was not impressed with any of the ones we tried. This restaurant also makes me want to explore Logan Square some more...not to mention coming back for brunch here.Let me cut through the hype of yet another new restaurant quickly overrated by Yelpers. Longman & Eagle has a long way to go before it can be even stand in the same league as other great restaurants and gastropubs. The meatball appetizer was good but nothing fabulous. The short rib I ordered was very fatty and almost raw. The server never asked me how I wanted it done and not only was it difficult to cut through, but also not very tasty to eat. My date's wild boar sloppy joe was spicy, but the best dish out of everything we ordered. Wish I had ordered that. The pudding dessert was not memorable at all. The restaurant itself is small, crowded, and drafty. There were space heaters in a couple of locations, including one by the drafty table by the door, which we got, so my date and I had to huddle together for warmth. This is after we waited an hour and a half for a table because they don't take reservations. I don't understand why some places don't take reservation, it's archaic, stupid, and makes me not want to eat at your restaurant. We ended up having to wait longer because they apparently couldn't find us though we were standing right there by the bar in full view of the host stand the entire time. But the host did bring us two complimentary glasses of prosecco to make up for it, which I appreciated. The only reason I would come back here would be to try other beers on their menu. They have an extensive and unique selection of beers that I haven't seen anywhere else. I tasted three of them--all were terrific. Service was satisfactory. Our server seemed knowledgeable about the food and drink menu and offered suggestions. Helpful tip: there's a public metered lot across the street so parking here is a breeze. Come early or late to avoid the wait.Loved it! I'm so glad this place opened in the neighborhood--it reminds me very much of my favorite whiskey bar/gastropub in SF (Alembic).Four of us went on their second day open--food and service were amazing. We arrived around 6:30-ish and were told the wait would be about 30 minutes. We got some drinks and hung out over by the kitchen and 30 minutes later, our table was ready.Since it was their second day, I was expecting service hiccups. Nope! Our apps, mains, and dessert (you HAVE to get the choco/banana bread pudding) all arrived perfectly on time and tasting great. Food highlights: scallops/oxtail/gnocchi, kobe burger, sweetbreads...YUM! I need to come back for the bone marrow for sure.I can't wait to go back to try everything else on the menu.Orack glides into dark and crowded L&E on a Saturday evening.  The bar is full.  All types of peoples are congregated; drinking, chatting, eating...  Hipsters running the gamut from pseudo to full-blown, off the deep end.  And of course, some suited-up wanksters. Orack waits for his companions the Chef and the Banker.  Both arrive at exactly the same time although different modes of transportation were taken from different locations.  The wait will be about an hour, the ironic-mustache-wearing maitre d' tells the three.  Luckily they find an opening at the bar.  The Chef and the Banker order gin cocktails while Orack has a Bourbon.After an hour of the Chef and the Banker talking about real estate, mutual functions and mutual friends, the three are seated in the still very congested dining room.  Their table has a view of the minuscule kitchen and the bearded wizards performing their craft.  The waiter, in his skinny jeans and plaid shirt, announces his name and function.  Beers are ordered.  Beers are delivered.  Cheers are made.  The trio of Orack, the Banker and the Chef are hungry and are prepared to order plenty of food.  Pate, meatballs and the Ipswich clam belly sandwich are all ordered.  The Pate seems to be enjoyed by all, as well as the meatballs.  The clam belly sandwich, enjoyed by the Chef, is a bit too dry and breaded for the Banker and Orack.  More beers are ordered.  More beers are delivered.  More stories are told.  The trio orders Duo of Foie Gras.  All three almost orgasm collectively when the hot chocolate/foie gras concoction is put to lips.  The porchetta agnollotti comes and goes with its delicious usage of Cheez Whiz.  The roasted pigeon looks a bit meager, but the flavors are pretty, pretty, pretty good the three agree.Orack flags down the server, whatever-his-name-is.  Orack asks for an order of pomme frites.  The server becomes befuddled.  We, um, can't do that, he responds rather nervously.  Um, you can't do that, the trio asks.  Well, let me check.The server walks the five steps to the kitchen and huddles with two of the kitchen wizards pointing in the direction of Orack, the Chef and the Banker.  He walks the five steps back.No, we can't do it.  You can order a burger though!Um, okay...The Chef understands the principle behind the rule and explains it to Orack and the Banker.  The three still don't care though and they begin to plot a take down of the server and a way to acquire an order of frites without ordering a burger.More beers are ordered, more beers are consumed.  They begin to talk shit about the silly pomme frites policy.  Orack goes as far to suggest a pomme frites Nazi in the kitchen.  No Frites For You, Orack says wildly, paying homage to Seinfeld.Cheers are made and more food is ordered.  The roasted Miller chicken is absolutely succulent and divine, the three conclude.  They take turns drinking the sweet onion broth.  The Snake River sturgeon is ordered.  The Snake River sturgeon is delivered and devoured.  The three crown the dish the best of the night, if only they could have some pomme frites on the side they all think aloud.  The somewhat clever "Steak and Egg" dish, with beef short rib and farm egg, is the final entree of the evening for the trio.  Aside from the portion size being on the bigger side, nothing is remembered from this dish by any of the three for the rest of their lives.  The three have already been full for some time, but somehow still have room for some damn pomme frites, they tell the server.  The server laughs it off, wondering when these three fucking pretentious assholes will stop ordering, eating and trying to be funny.  More beers are ordered.  More cheers are made.  Dessert is offered, dessert is ordered.The Banker steps up to the plate.We'll have an order of Pomme Frites.  So you want the burger, the server asks with his quick draw.  The trio give up on the pomme frites and give credit where credit is due: to the kitchen staff, server and proprietor for sticking to their guns.  Two desserts are ordered.  Two desserts are eaten in their entirety.  Neither are remembered by name or by ingredient.  The three stumble out into the night, bellies full and brains jumbled.Longman & Eagle has outstanding food at a reasonable price. The service is great and there's plenty of beers on tap. I want to go back already. Try the slow roasted cauliflower.L&E, the bar so nice, I reviewed it twice.I predicted in my original review that I would spend Saturday afternoons here filling up on bourbon and bone marrow.  My prediction was prescient but incomplete - Sundays are just as good as Saturdays, and the afternoon of bourbon must be preceded by brunch - and L&E is one of the best kept brunch secrets in Chicago.  So let's keep this between you and me, shall we?The theme?  I would have to say smoky in flavor.  The duck egg on a duck confit hash does not let you down with unfulfilled promises of canard - it delivers.  The duck egg is unmistakable with its smoky flavors, and the hash is loaded with meat.  Equally ducky is the croque madame - topped with said duck egg and just enough bechamel sauce to soften the crunchiness of the bread without making it sloppy.  And the ham & gruyere?  Mon ami they are divine.  The morel mushroom omelete completes a trio of dishes no doubt famous for their smoky goodness.After filling up on some of those delicious brunch options and a handcrafted breakfast cocktail, why not be lazy and make a day of Longman & Eagle?  Add another cocktail or three (the Vieux Carre is excellent) and a bourbon flight as you sit at the bar and let the day while away, or lounge out in the leafy patio when the weather breaks.I've been to Longman & Eagle twice for brunch. M is in love with this place because they have every Bourbon ever (I think) and because they are tied for first for the best Bloody Mary (Brennan's in New Orleans is also phenomenal).Super hipster, but better than nearby Lula's (IMHO). Ever-changing menu made of local ingredients. Generally super delicious (e.g. the corn soup and grits); however, there have been some items that were just good (e.g. the sloppy joe and scrambled eggs). I haven't had any issues with service, but M's sister thought that the employees were stuck-up (she changed her opinion after being seated).Eat. Sleep. Whiskey.That sounds about right.Came for breakfast, because I'd been craving a first-meal to rival that of an epic first meal I'd eaten in Las Vegas, at the infamous Hash House a Go Go.  If you haven't been to Vegas.  I urge you to go TODAY.  If you have been to Vegas, and didn't go to Hash House, what's wrong with you?!?  Suppose I should consider myself lucky that my in-laws and my sis-in-law live there, so we have to inside track to all the secrets, which is why I gained 10 pounds on our last weeklong trip to Vegas for Xmas.  Part of the weight gain could be attributed to eating half of my wife's chicken and waffles.  So for whatever reason, I was craving some more of that salty sweet goodness.  It was a little windy out so we chose to eat inside.  I just love places that look like L & E do.  Like a repurposed shack that just happens to put out great food and spirits.  Exposed brick.  A collection of bolts on a window ledge.  Interesting shiz.There are 2 menus - Food and Drinks.I think the Drink menu is longer than the food menu, as it should be at every fine eating and drinking establishment.  I was stuck between the Old Fashioned and the Shandy, but I thought, "Other than camping, it's too early for whiskey".I was wrong.  I do that a lot.So I had a shandy with my breakfast, made with one of my fave beers, Hacker Pschorr.  It was good, but I could have ordered the Old Fashioned and done with less volume.  And I of course ordered the Fried Chicken and Waffles.  The menu says it comes with sweet potato and pork belly hash, which was intriguing to say the least.  I think my wife ordered yogurt and fruit or something.  Yeah, she eats a bit healthy for my taste.  But that's okay!  I bad enough for the both of us.So my plate comes and it has 3 huge pieces of chicken on it!  2 drums and a breast, in all their fried glory.  Great flavors in the batter, slight garlic/onion, heavy on the pepper.  The pork belly sweet potato hash was shreds of fried pork belly with cubed sweet potato, cooked just enough to still have some give in them, and somewhere in there was something that had a touch of acidity, maybe vinegar?  Whatever it was, was genius.  It was essential for cutting through the fat feeling of the dish.  I can't say they were the best chicken and waffles I've had in my lifetime, but they were pretty damn good.  I'd eat them again, and I'd probably order whiskey.I sit here in preparation of writing this review, and a commercial for Taco Bell's Beefy Crunch burrito airs.  A poorly made tortilla with grade D pseudo-beef, nacho cheese, and fritos. I think, where do paths diverge?  How is it possible to watch that commercial and think it worth one's time to purchase that monstrosity?Three words that I shall use to convey the message that I want you to receive in regards to L&E:FUCKING. EAT. HERE.Not necessarily in that order.  Though if you place the first at the end you'll most likely wind up in the pokey.  Though it may be worth it.  And if you find a girl who'll do that, keep her.  Duh.-Cheeers.One star for the extensive whiskey menu, and the rockin' bartender.  Nothing more.I was excited to go here, not so much because of the hype (which I tend to ignore), but because of it's proximity to our home,  It's right off our (Logan Square) train stop, so what a great spot to meet or just decompress on the way home.We went on Sunday hoping to avoid the crowds the first time around, and it worked.  Sat at the bar, perused the long list of drinks and the short, concise list of "Bar Snacks".  Okay.  Something to munch on would be nice, and the Welsh Rarebit served with pretzel sounded nice, but my companion is watching his fat intake (that cholesterol will getcha!).  So we see about ordering 1 order of the dip and add on an extra pretzel...sounds pretty simple, right?  I thought so too, guess I was wrong.I explained to our bartender what we wanted, and he put it in the system.  A few minutes later a woman (who was acting in food runner and perhaps managerial capacity) came over to get clarification -- yes, I said, we want ONE order of the rarebit/dip, and an extra pretzel.   She nods and turns around, we go back to our conversation...and then TWO rarebits arrive.Now, I can understand that it's a fairly new place and perhaps not all the kinks are worked out, but it's not *that* new, and is an additional pretzel really THAT complex to accomodate?  We were brought two orders which we (a) didn't need, (b) didn't order and (c) weren't that tasty.  The dip was very heavy on mustard; the pretzel was lukewarm to cold.  Getting charged ten bucks for two orders of what should have been a simple bar snack with a small adjustment, I'm not a fan of.  We asked the bartender to mention in to management; he knew where we were coming from and apologized for it, but didn't offer to take the additional charge off the bill.Maybe they should stick to serving liquids.I have experienced brunch (twice) and dinner, so I feel that a review is long overdue.  I recommend Saturday brunch over Sunday only because it's a little less busy on Saturday during brunch.For brunch, I cannot speak more highly of the biscuits & gravy with over easy eggs.  It is rich and filling and incredibly satisfying.  Their bloody mary is quite tasty and has a great garnish.  I wanted to order something new when I went here for the second brunch; however, when the server came, I blurted out, "biscuits & gravy with over easy eggs."  :)Ok, dinner.  Let me say that our server was incredibly knowledgeable.  I believe his name was Cortland.  Before ordering anything, he asked us if we had any dietary restrictions, allergies, etc.  I have a mushroom intolerance.  Never before has someone asked this.  This made me happy.  Another thing that made me like him is this:  when I asked questions about the menu, he didn't just try to steer me toward the more expensive of the options about which I inquired.  He thoroughly explained them to me and told me differences in them to help guide me to what I would like more.  My husband and I shared the roasted bone marrow small plate.  I was not at all crazy about the bone marrow.  I've had roasted bone marrow elsewhere that was melt-in-your-mouth delicious.  This was chewy and had almost a fishy taste to it.   But the crostini and tomato jam that was served with it were pretty great.  I ordered the Slagel Family Farm Pork Belly that was served over a butternut squash risotto with roasted chestnuts and apples.  Now, I should have known how rich this meal was going to be (afterall, I did order fat for an appetizer and fat for my meal).  But I didn't think about it.  And I proceeded to eat the WHOLE thing.  The pork belly was the most delightful piece of pork belly that I have eaten.  The crust on the skin was crunchy and flavorful.  The pork belly itself was like eating delicious pork butter.  The risotto was cooked perfectly.My husband ordered a duck dish that I cannot recall, but he didn't speak much while he was eating...and didn't leave a bite on his plate.  We followed this up with a sticky toffee pudding that came with a vanilla ginger panacotta, some sort of whipped vanilla moussey goodness and a caramalized banana.So I ate fat, delicious fat and more fat.  I went home with an uncomfortably distended belly and may have gotten the meat-fat sweats.  Strike that...I definitely got the meat-fat sweats.  And I'd do it all over again - gladly.  As for price - I found it to be very reasonable.  We shared a small plate, each had an entree and shared a dessert.  I had one glass of wine; my husband had 2 beers.  The bill for an incredibly rich, filling and overly-satisfying meal was under $100 before tip.  The only downside to this place is that they don't take reservations.  For dinner, we came here on a weekday at about 5:30.  By 6:30, the place was packed.  I bet it's really difficult to get a table on the weekend.  I'll come again but will just come during the week when I won't have to wait.I'd been wanting to check out Longman & Eagle since I had their amazing 1st place winning offering at Baconfest last April but the opportunity didn't present itself until last weekend. I was meeting up with a friend in her hood of Logan Square and we decided to pop in for brunch there.First off--I was surprised that there was no wait. Maybe it's normal there for brunch but I come from the land of Lakeview where all the good brunch places have a half hour wait minimum. At L&E we were seated right away which made my growling tummy VERY happy. The menu had many a delicious sounding item on it but I've been attempting the whole "eating healthier" thing so I went with the French toast with apples and bourbon maple syrup rather than eggs Benedict I'd been eyeing. And because I can't go without a little salty at breakfast I also got a side of the breakfast sausage.The meal was good. Not great. The French toast itself was pretty basic, nothing special. The apples on top were spiced well and the honey crème fraiche that came with it gave it a nice sweet and soured bite. The bourbon maple syrup was delicious and it was just the right amount (a little coated on the plate, rather than drowning the whole dish). My biggest complaint were my sausages--they were cold and not really that interesting flavorwise. If I had realized that the side of those was going to set me back $5 I would have sent them back and asked for them to be reheated but ah well. The servers were on the ball and kept our water glasses and coffee cups full which is a plus. My friend got the eggs Benedict I had been itching for and she was a fan. I took a bite and the heirloom tomatoes were a nice touch but they weren't the best eggs Benedict I've ever had (although not the worst).Perhaps I went into the brunch with my expectations a bit too high after the awesome Baconfest dish I had and the excellent scores I've seen on here. I'd definitely go back here for another meal because it wasn't bad in the slightest. Just not really reaching my favorite brunch places in Chicago level yet. But I'll give it another shot. I'd also really be interested in trying it for dinner since most of the rave reviews seem to come from that.I loved almost everything about Longman & Eagle. The hostess was a bitch, but maybe she was having a bad day. The food was outstanding. We tried three apps - meatballs, panzanella salad and the tete de cochon. My favorite was the tete de cochon. For our entrees we had the short rib/filet with foie gras and fried bone marrow ( I've loved marrow all my life), pork belly and the wild Boar sloppy joe. Not a miss in the group. I may never go back. The noise level was excruciating. I'll wait until they offer room service and book at room and get dinner.Longman & Eagle has some awfully amazing food! But the service is very mediocre. Let me rephrase that, the hostess was great and friendly...but our waitress was not so great and friendly. I'm sorry to say she's what held Longman & Eagle from a 5 star rating for me. I would go back in a second though and I'm sure with a great waiter will bump my rating up a notch! The drink menu is very extensive with some great selections!We went for lunch and here's my take on the goods.Pork Belly BLT - Amazing. Very good!Beef Fat Fries - Very good but nothing to right home about.Cheese Grits - Super cheesy and so tasty! Really good and not to be missed!Orrechiete Pasta w/White Cheddar, Fontina Fondata, Gruyere & Pork Cheek - Yep it was a super cheesey brunch for me. I love classy mac & cheese! It was so creamy and delicious plus the pork added some great depth to this classic dish.All in all, I'll be back!Have only been here for brunch and I have only been disappointed onceThe good-Duck hash - great duck flavor, not gamey, but maybe too oily for breakfast?  But yum!-Chicken and waffles - yummmmmm.  Not your traditional chicken breast in a cereal crust.  Almost like a popeyes fried chicken but larger, crispier, and served with a sweet and savory waffle and sweet potato hash.  Sometimes the chicken can FEEL raw, but it's cooked!  It's just the way they prepare the chicken-Peeky Toe Benedict: my fave dish for brunch b/c it's not heavy, it's fresh crab and is lightly topped with a subtle and not heavy hollandaise sauce.  I usually HATE hollandaise and ask for it on the side.  No need to here!- Whole hog crepinette - too heavy for my but my companions liked it!-French toast - it doesn't come with syrup so ask for it if you like it sweet.  Otherwise, the spice truly stands out and makes for an interesting flavor on fluffy briocheDO NOT GETdecontructed clam chowder - it's really just cream with 3 clams in their shell and 4 potato cubes (I counted b/c I was seriously disappointed).  And it cost me $11When I first moved to the 'hood (1996), this was a scary bar, the kind where a dozen or so men would turn and give you the stink-eye as you walked past the open door.  Most of us old-timers remember Carlos the drunk, who always slept it off in the parkway in front of the bar.  One time I saw the cops roll him over to see if he was still alive. Then, it became Smoke, owned by the same people who bought the Matchbox.  It could have been an early Logan Square success story.  However, he refused to get air-conditioning, even when Chicago was in the throes of a major heat wave.  Unsurprisingly, it failed.  Then, The Winds. Oye vey--what a waste of a good spot. Straight out of the gate, at top speed and form, comes Longman & Eagle.  L&E is part of the Empty Bottle corporation, which explains the "ready-to-go" quality of this new establishment. They seem to be able to keep the small kitchen cranking; the plates are small, but done beautifully. The wait and bar staff are experienced, professional and kind of cute, quite frankly. Visiting at off-times is recommended. We dined there early (7:00) on a Wednesday evening.  Although our wait for a table was brief, by 8:00 pm, the place was jammed.  Perhaps because of the custom wood ceilings, the acoustics are great for conversation.I'm the adventurous one of the couple, my wife is much more marinara and spaghetti, baked chicken, etc. So it's very fun to take her to a place like Longman & Eagle. I do tend to show her the menu before we go somewhere, luckily the longer we're together, I can figure it out myself... even as a man!She had the Roasted Miller Farm Half Chicken as I suspected she would, and she didn't venture into the artisanal cheese selection beyond the cow's milk offering, I loved the salty, tangy offerings from the goat milk variety. I should flash back to the bar experience while waiting for our table... our bartender helped me navigate me to a beer that would be similar to my favorite of shiner bock.... yahtzee! Flashforward to my entree.... Pork Belly Porchetta.... oh my!! If you're looking for huge Magianno's serving sizes...go elsewhere, if you're looking for the right portion size, exceptionally executed, swing on in!Based on a recommendation from a friend who lives in Logan Square, we popped over to Longman & Eagle for a late dinner after an art show in the neighborhood.  We got there around 10 and had to wait a bit for a table.  No problem, we bellied up to the (very busy) bar and ordered two cocktails. I had something with tequila and apricot ale.  It was light and summery.  I don't know if I would get it again, but it was pretty tasty.  The drinks took a bit to make, but as I mentioned, the bar was busy, so it was understandable. Once seated by a very kind host, we were greeted by our server, who was really sweet.  We ordered a salad to split that had compressed watermelon and canteloupe, greens, pine nuts, humboldt fog and a chili-honey dressing. Wow. Best salad I have had in a very long time, maybe ever...I ordered the wild board sloppy joe and fries.  First, the sloppy joe was delicious, not overly game-y at all.  The crispy fried sage was my favorite part. It was served with french fries that had been fried in beef fat, which reminded me of my time in Belgium. I only wish they were served with some andalouse sauce to make them really authentic belgian frites. Even without it, they were definitely the best fries I have had in this country. My boyfriend ordered their roast chicken, which I snuck a few bites of. It was amazing. The potatoes that came with it were so buttery and rich. Not a light meal, but a delicious one. Crazily enough, the next day we met some friends who were visiting from NYC for brunch and they suggested Longman & Eagle.  It's that good...The fundamental problem with this recent trend of haute peasant restaurants--e.g., Gilt, Purple Pig, Kith & Kin--is the depressing disparity between the promise of the menu description and the kitchen's actual execution. To wit: the menu says "Sunnyside-up duck egg, beef tongue hash, black truffle vinaigrette"; the execution states "IHOP breakfast." I'm all for it, really, but you don't create much of a bigger miss than serving up a dish that equates to a hash house breakfast--you can eat it, sure, but all you taste is disappointment.It went on: sweetbreads are smoked here instead of the usual fried, but I was stunned by the horrendous kielbasa-like taste, the haunting mineral gaminess of the thymus gland completely wiped out. A potato agnolotti--imagine stuffing gnocchi into a large ravioli--was topped with foie gras AND escargot AND mushrooms--and then sauced with a bordelaise (that's bone marrow and demi-glace, for those keeping score at home). Seriously, four different meat flavors in a single small dish? Pure cow fog. Something has to give--and go.While the restaurant is young and may yet find its legs, the fact that all three dishes failed because of extraneous or poorly-matched ingredients is rather worrisome, no? Only a golden beet-goat-cheese-pastry amuse had any synchronicity; it was also boring. Not a good sign.Most everything here was universally loved by our table.To start with, the sampler menu of $3 whisky shots is a fantastic way to try something new without going overboard.  They've got some real nice options on there which are a steal at $3; but watch out for a couple clunkers like Old Granddad.For appetizers we had the buffalo frogs legs and the seared Maine scallops.  The frogs legs were amazing, if a tiny portion.  I could complain about the logistics of trying to share 3 frogs leg "wings" among 4 people, but instead I'll just say that they were perfectly cooked, a little meatier and denser than chicken wings, with a great buffalo flavor and served with a truly inspired bleu cheese mousse that we scraped up with whatever we could.  The scallops were also beautifully done, served with a nicely contrasting delicious bit of pulled oxtail.  I will say the black truffle gnocchi that was served with it seemed a little out of place and also did not taste at all of truffles.  Also the portions on both of these appetizers were extremely small.  At this point in the meal it was pushing 9:30pm and I was quite concerned that I was going to leave hungry.Fortunately, the main courses allayed all fears and were both filling and very impressive.  I had the roast half chicken, which along with being perfectly cooked, moist and tender with a beautifully crispy skin, was served with an unbelievable array of sides.  The pomme (potato) puree was not particularly special on its own, but acted as a perfect palate for the other flavors to combine.  The accompaniments of sauteed swiss chard, caramelized onion, and pickled (?!) cherry could not have played better together.  I'm usually a savory only guy, but the sweetness here was subtle and just enough to get rid of the bitterness of the chard.  Add in the whole plate ringed in a circle of date jus and you really have a near perfect entree.My table also had the skirt steak, which was well liked by all, and the pork shank, which was another dish that put us in awe.  Tender, flaky pork within a delightfully crispy exterior skin, that was definitely overflowing with fantastic flavor.Anyway, why not 5 stars?  On another evening perhaps I could've slipped by waiting an hour from 8pm til 9pm (on a tuesday) for a table, and the near $200 tab for the four of us.  This time though, the hunger's edge kept me from being fully satisfied with my experience until we were almost out the door.  I'll be back though.Things to do with wild boars: play Hopscotch with them or make sloppy joes out of them. Thankfully Longman & Eagle chose the latter, and in the process, may have created the pageant winner of sandwiches.It's soggy, oozing perfection topped with a fantastically erect jalapeno. You almost want to order this sandwich, take it upstairs to one of the 6 inn rooms they'll be opening next month, and have your way with it. Wait, that's twisted and gross. Everything else was stellar - the cheese plate, the scallops, the bouillabaisse, the drinks, the affected hipsters- but you just won't be able to get that damn ground up wild boar out of your head.Maybe if I was still the drinker I was 5 years ago, I'd be falling over myself to rave about this place.  But, I'm not 21 anymore, and I left my plaid shirt and skinny jeans at home, so I can't love it as much as some others.The space is very nice.  It's packing in SUPER close for seating, but I guess that's necessary to try to keep the wait down.  However, it does make for your conversation to be your neighbors as well, and if you like to sit more than 2 inches for the table, you're going to bump the person behind you.The service was really very good.  Probably the best aspect of L&E.The burger was good.  And the mountain of fries was much appreciated.  The pork belly something-something was obviously not terribly memorable, and left me feeling very ambivalent toward their entrees.I didn't love it. I'm sorry, I just didn't. It didn't live up to the hype. I don't know. It just wasn't. "Party for 2" I said to the cute hostess in the anthropologie dress. "sure no problem. The wait is about an hour." I head to the bar to grab a bloody mary while I wait for a friend. The bar is virtually inaccessible as tables are crammed closely and gobs of other patrons linger, waiting, waiting...waiting. I'm practically on top of someone as I awkwardly chug the beer chaser that came with the bloody. Plus +++ it was a damn good bloody. Things are looking good at this point. Cute dress comes over to tell me that my table is ready. Awesome, I only waited half the time she quoted me. Love when that happens. 2 points! About 5 people stopped by our table before our server came. I don't even know what they were doing. There was a water guy, a coffee guy, a table cleaner, wrong server, different server, huh? I'm confused, too. Alas, we order food. I decide on some croissant eggs mushroom BS that basically had no flavor. Instantly regretted it. My friend had the wild boar sloppy joe. This man loves to eat and though he ate every bite, he didn't rave about it. Who knows. It left something to be desired.This has got to be one of my new favorite spots. We tried every single whiskey cocktail, which were all delicious. My favorite was the Bitter Bourbon Buck with ginger ale and beer. All of the cocktails were excellent. The food was also delicious. The bone marrow was better than Purple Pig's. We also had the Maine Lobster Parfait, Scallops, Lamb Tartare, and Soft Potato Agnolotti. All of them were excellent. The meld of flavors were a party on my taste buds.I recommend! Good ambiance for a date, too.My husband ordered the vegetarian curry cauliflower and loved it, my shrimp-corn avocado relish soup was delicious but for the price I was expecting more volume--left feeling hungry.  We also ordered French toast for our daughter minus the toppings and were charged $10 for 2 pieces!  We will  likely try it again but will think twice about family brunch!I wouldn't know how great the food is here because I've always been incredibly angry when I've eaten it. The customer service here is terrible. From when you walk in the door you are treated like the cattle used in the burgers you are about to eat.  There is no friendly greeting, just "IDS." or "How many in your party."  Each time I've been my waiter hasn't been particularly nice, but this last night set me off.  He was flat out rude, and if I had the balls to not leave a tip I wouldn't have.  Amongst ignoring multiple requesta during the meal, when we finally asked for our check after being ignored for an extended amount of time, he responded, "it's on the house." we all looked at each other in confusion until he smirked and said,"wouldn't that have been nice." and set the check down. I don't know if he was trying to be funny or what, but it was outrageous. This is just one instance of the wonderful service I've had at this place. Why would I come here when I could enjoy just as creative and wonderful food on Randolph street, while still be treated like a human being?With an extensive whiskey list and a menu full of delicious calorie laden meaty treats....this is no place for pussies. Seriously....do not bring your salad...dressing on the side please...glass of water with lemon date here.....you will be sad....she will be mad....and you will not get laid.Came here last Saturday with bf......smaller than I had imagined....not a ton of room for chillin' at the bar slingin' back bourbon and the front dining area is a little cramped but I loved the dark woody-ness and warm pub vibe....AND can I just say how incredibly friendly every single person that I dealt with was?? I know some of the other Yelpers have griped about the service and lack of niceness but we got the warmest reception from the host, the server in the bar, the bartender and our waiter....I don't know....maybe they had a whiskey tasting before the shift that night....or maybe we just inspire friendliness.....but everyone was super cool, engaging and nice nice nice....makes me smile just thinking about it :)So we had to wait about 30 min for a table...no biggie we pony-ed up to the bar and had a beer or two from their equally extensive beer list....me, matilda....he, piraat....both yum!On to the food....so silly me had eaten a late lunch and I wasn't super hungry (so pissed at myself).....bf was nice enough (even though he was totally drooling over everything meaty thing on the menu) to spilt with me. We got:The Pretzel Roll : really good...dipping sauce was phenom....buttery, cheesy delicious....I actually thought about it today and how good it would be on just about everything.White Asparagus & Rhubarb salad with Egg: Good....nice play with the tartness of the rhubarb with the creamy joozy-ness of the egg.....but I wanted more from this dish.....maybe bigger or more asparagus....it just needed something elseBeef Tenderloin: God this was damn good and it was at this point I wished I hadn't decided to split with bf....meat was tender and juicy, cooked to a perfect medium....served with morels (my f-ing fav!!) and some other things I don't remember but that were delicious.....we cleaned that plate up!!I am dying to come back for another round and this time I plan on bringing my Man-appatite with me.....I came back again, with a date.  This time I tried .... for my very first time, ESCARGOT.  I actually like the texture. I did not, however like the taste.  So I hear the traditional way to prepare escargot is with a LOT of butter and a LOT of garlic. Apparently this is to disguise the utter taste of dirt and sand flavor of snail.  hahaI will definitely try escargot again, just not here.  And not in a bordelaise -- I don't think that was the best sauce. We ordered the ricotta gnuddi with porcini marmalade and crispy sage.  Mmmmmm.  It reminded of a warm holiday with a twinge of sweetness there.  My date and I tried the candied apple with butternut squash semifreddo, fresh chestnuts and salty caramel.  He thought this sounded great and it's normally not something I would choose, but DAYAMN GINA.  This was fucking amazing!! Pardon my language.  It was definitely swoon worthy and the Alterra coffee was strong and delicious with it.  You know, of course I'll be back here.  It's a new favorite spot of mine.  Really.I'm on my way back to Chicago for restaurant show this weekend...then my wife reminded me that we will NOT bevisiting this place again. The last time was so bad I blacked it of my mind I guess.Amazing how one really BAD employee will do that to you.She was about 5'5'  tall "Barback"? Had the Marilyn Manson tattoo addidction all over her neck and she was deaf mute ..or at least acted that way...All we were trying was spend money...but NOOOOOOO she wouldn't have it...so we didn't....and won't, ever again.Wow! Longman and Eagle (interesting name, hmmmm) is a great addition to Logan Square! This was an amazing dining experience! Surprising location, outstanding service in a restaurant that was packed, a whiskey and beer list that puts others to shame, and the food? The food was the shining star of the night. We got there early (around 6:30) and there was no wait for a table on this rainy, Thursday night. But by the time we left a couple of hours later- people were standing in line to get in and the wait was over an hour. So my tip? Go early, my friends, they don't take reservations.We were seated in the front room by the great old bar with the bottles of whiskey stacked tall. There is also a back room with additional tables. Check out the vintage jukebox. No need for any coinage- it plays for FREE! and is chock full of interesting choices! The decor is simple, with wooden tables and chairs and old light fixtures that looked like they were plucked from a barn. We ordered our favorite beers from an endless list and began to look at the menu. Meat is king here, and pork rules so if you are one who shudders at the thought of meat, this may not be your place (although there is a beet salad on the menu that looked quite good) The bar plates and small plates are sharable so that is what we did. Our server, Sarah, was terrific, and quick to point our her favorites on the menu and from the specials of the day. We figured we couldn't go wrong with her suggestions so everything we ordered had the "Sarah stamp of approval"! We started with the duck rillette and Kobe meatballs served over cheesy polenta. The rillette was a bit salty for me but delicious smeared over the buttered toast slices that come with it. The meatballs were a tasty combination of flavors. For small plates, the braised oxtail and scallop dish was an amazing flavor and texture combination. We also went with the "pigs cheeks" special of the day which were rolled, crumbed and lightly fried. Tasted like bacon . . .and there is never anything wrong with that! Continuing on our "Bounty of Pork" evening- we ordered the pork belly as an entree to split. Woo-wee! This Pork Belly came with pumpkin risotto, chestnuts and an apple-caramel broth. Perfection on a plate!! And the prices?  Pretty reasonable.  Dinner for two with plenty of drinks was about $100.  But you can get away with less- we sampled a wide range of foods.Longman and Eagle is an interesting concept for this neighborhood. They want to be the neighborhood meeting place, for coffee in the morning, dinner at night and a gathering spot for late night when the tables get pushed back for room to "gather". Keeping with almost a "bed and breakfast" theme- there will be 6 hotel rooms opening upstairs to guests in late March, according to our server. A great night out. We both agreed we would be back. Oh, and that name? Our server said it was named after the Eagle statue in Logan Square whose artist was someone named Longman. Ahh . . . mystery solved.I hate hate hate giving out 5 star reviews to places I've only visited once, but seeing as the experience was just awesome and i probably won't be back for a VERY long time, I'm going to break my own rules.Got here on a friday night around 11:00PM, wanting to grab a late dinner. The place was still quite packed and we had to wait about 25 minutes to get a table. No problem, we'll just belly up to the bar for a drink! The handcrafted cocktail list was awesome, and their beer list was quite respectable. I first had some sort of hot toddy that I can no longer remember the name of. It was delicious! I followed that by a Half Acre Daisy Cutter. Yet another beer I can't find in KC and I loved it!We finally got a table (though well within the amount of time they quoted, so no complaints there) Dinner time!***random observation*** They have super cute candle holders that I want for my home.We first ordered a small plate to share, and I immediately decided on the scallops w/ braised oxtail and gnocchi. All three are ingredients that I love individually, and having them together was astounding! Seriously, this was "last meal on Earth" good. I honestly cannot recall the last time I had a bite of something that made me as happy as that first bite of this dish. For dinner I had some sort of duck dish. It was good...very good actually, but after the previous course it just didn't stick in my mind. I looked on the online menu for a reminder, but it's not to be found. Maybe a nightly special? Quite good, but again....those damn scallops!I would gladly come back to Longman & Eagle if I lived in Chicago, and I will certainly be back during my next visit.Saturday night at the height of the dinner hour two foolish girls walk in expecting to eat  within the next 20 minutes or so...Ha!  Fast forward to one pleasant host laughing on the inside while adding my name to the wait list. After only knowing me for about 3 minutes he asked for my digits, but it turns out that it was only so he could call me when our table was ready. I'm happy that was an option since it allowed us to go to a bar nearby and have a couple of drinks.After returning to Longman & Eagle we sipped on a couple of seasonal drinks. I had a piping hot apple cider-esque alcohol laden delight. For my meal I had roast chicken (so moist and flavorful), really rich but delicious parisienne dumplings and a nice mix of veggies in an awesome broth. To be honest if I had to wait without being able to leave and go to a bar (or something) i'm not sure I would have so definitely a plus for them to offer to call. The food is great and I really like the atmosphere so I think I will try to back for sure.It's dark, it's casually stylish, it's slogan is "Eat. Sleep. Whiskey." I can get behind that! They have a hotel above the restaurant / bar. Longman & Eagle started the night off right with well crafted cocktails. I chose the Yuzu Toddy. It hit the spot on such a cold December evening. It's your typical hot toddy but with Makers Mark, Apple Jack Brandy. The unique part was the Yuzu, Japanese citrus fruit...much like they told me, a Meyer Lemon. This cocktail could warm even the Grinch's cold little heart. I also got the Rye Not? flight later on in the meal. I really enjoyed the Old Overholdt Rye, the R1 was far too abrasive for me and the Whistle Pig 10yr was decent but nothing to write home about. To start: Buffalo Sweetbreads : this app was delicious but only truly impressive knowing that it was made from sweetbreads and not from your average chicken wing. It didn't taste bad, but they didn't taste like any new ground was being broken. They were forgettable aside from the fluffy pillow of ranch that accompanied them. The lightness of the ranch dip made for an interesting twist on a classic.Pig face with Sauerkraut Gnocchi and what tasted like a more sophisticated take on a thousand island dressing. This was by FAR the star of the night. It was as if someone took all the great flavors out of a Reuben Sandwich and made it into a 5 star fancy pants dish. My friends and I all fought over the last bite of this one. Don't let the name scare you. The Gnocchi with sauerkraut sounded awful to me but was very subtle and was the perfect bite with the pig meat & thousand island reinvented sauce. Entree: Wild Boar Sloppy Joe & Beef Fat Fries. I don't know what made this so disappointing, but it was. The bun was just far too big for the wild boar and made it hard to fully taste the meat...and well that's just not OK when it comes to sloppy joes! The fries were really crispy and tasty but had a bit too much salt and the sheer portion of fries was just madness. It was a mountain on my plate! I wouldn't order this again. Other friends of mine all ordered more sophisticated entrees and I had some serious dish envy. The Venison being the one I wish I had ordered. It was cooked perfectly with not the least bit of gameyness to it. For Dessert: Peppered Shortbread cookie with Bacon ice cream, a baked apple & buttered popcorn mousse. This dessert tasted good all in one bite, not too heavy on the bacon ice cream unless you really enjoy a smoked flavor. The bacon ice cream's smoked flavor overpowered the other flavors quickly so I added it to bites sparingly. I could have even scrapped the shortbread and just eaten the butter popcorn mousse and the baked apple together. The butter popcorn mousse was the most surprising hit of the whole dessert dish. It had this wonderfully light consistency but then that slight after taste of popcorn. Wonderful. I smiled with every bite. That's how I know I'm hooked. Overall, a great place to dine. Great service and a really dark yet pleasing dining atmosphere. Probably the coolest old juke box I've ever seen too. Eat. Sleep. Whiskey indeed!I suppose I should update my review, considering I've been here more often in the past month or so than I had since it opened.While the cauliflower dish is no longer on the menu, the waiter graciously offered the chef's skills to make me a special vegan dish last night. I thought it was great, and even my non-veg companion said it was delicious! It consisted of white beans, carrots, turnips, brussels sprouts, huckleberries and (I think) mango, along with layers of herbs and spices. I've also had the salad with the lemon dressing and house potatoes made with veggie oil - yum!Some of the servers and bartenders are more outgoing than others. Make some friends at  the bar, and they'll treat you well. Cheers!The epitome of gastropub and amazing food experience!  Get the octopus and the pig cheek.....amazing!It may be partially due to the fact that I don't really eat/like meat, but I really did not enjoy nor was I impressed with Longman and Eagle.  I get the concept, it's carefully orchestrated dishes and a short menu. (which I normally like)  My party of 6 went here on a Monday night without a reservation.  Our hostess was incredibly polite, helpful, and accommodating and she was able to get us a table within 20 minutes. (This is why I'm giving this place 2 stars instead of 1.)Our service was ridiculously slow and our server was disinterested and unhelpful. Additionally, our server did not want to put in our desired bar snacks first -- so we could have them before our meal. (I don't know if this is standard.)  After that and our long long long long wait for drinks/ordering I took it as a sign that I was not destined to have any bar snacks.  I had the sole vegetarian item on the menu, which was essentially lentils and cauliflower.  It was kind of bland.  The only saving grace (flavor) was the pickled radish on the bottom.   As a mostly-vegetarian and appreciator of interested servers, I would seriously protest another visit here.If you want to see the most interesting effort to brand oneself as an ampersand, then Longman & Eagle is the place for you. A small group of us had dinner here on a Saturday night after an accurate heads up for a 2 hour wait. Quick note, but it may help to call ahead here. For groups of 6 or more, they may be able to hook you up with a reservation, but they're scarce. Still, friendly staff that were polite, efficient, and friendly.Moving on to the bar, we enjoyed the full range of beer (nice variety on tap), 3 buck whiskies (the list is also comprehensive for the price), and a few cocktails to round it out. The cocktail list was lighter than I thought it would be, maybe 6ish choices. But, some were interesting takes on more traditional cocktails without selling out for shock value. While it wasn't my favorite drink that night, there was a gimlet-ish drink with an interesting mix of Tanq, lime, and chartreuse that is worth a look (thanks Molly O for the heads up). Felt more like a summer drink than the arctic Chicago evening we were out in, but a good drink is still a good drink. Someone also tried the Manhattan and the hot toddy with yuzu... that one may become a new cold remedy.I think somewhere in the evening we sat down and ate dinner. I couldn't pass up the pork belly and pumpkin risotto; pretty good, but fair warning that its as heavy as it sounds - twas a bit fatty, even for pork belly. Bring an appetite. For me the buzz was worth it. Its not original, or some crazy new place - it does a few important things really well. High marks for value - great food at a competitive price versus other similar places. The friendly laid-back service sealed the deal - I'll be heading back soon (well, when the snow takes a break).I wish I could give this place 6 stars!A group of myself and 5 friends came here for dinner last night and were blown away!  The food was phenomenal!They offer both small appetizers and "plates" which can we shared among large groups.  We ordered 3 plates for the table. 1- a ricotta dish that was to die for 2 - scallops with ox tail that was scrumptious!  3 - sweetbreads, which I didn't try because I'm not a sweetbreads person, but everyone else loved.I ordered the Kobe burger for dinner.  HOLY COW - this was the best burger I have ever had.  It's served on a brioche bun with duck fat fries (YUM).  I feel like I can;t even call it a burger because it was really so much more than just a burger.  Hands down the best I've ever had in my entire life.My friend ordered the Wild bore sloppy joe, I got to taste it, the quality of the meat was top notch and I almost wish I ordered that instead.  The porkbelly (servered on pumpkin risotto AMAZING) was also spectacular.We ordered 1 of each dessert and there wasn't a drop left of anything, we all loved it!They also have a great beer selection and a pretty awesome whiskey list as well as a whiskey tasting special.GO HERE, OR MISS OUT!AVOID. AVOID.  Good god. My boyfriend and I had a terrible experience here.  His review really covers it (John M) but I was so disappointed in the sandwich when it finally showed up, approximately 132 hours after we ordered it, that I felt compelled to throw in my two cents. I was so looking forward to the yellow of the egg bursting under my first bite, but no-- it was WAY overcooked. And the pork belly might have been could had I been able to taste it under all that bread. The pickled onions were good. But when pickled onions are the highlight of your overpriced sandwich, you know you're in trouble. And the service was so, so bad-- the waitress was nice, but she had clearly f'd up and then never owned up to it. I would have been fine with the wait had she simply said, "I'm so sorry, I promise it's coming soon," but nope. She acted as if it was normal to wait over an hour for a cheeseburger and BLT and never checked on us. I can deal with mediocre food if the service is good, and vice versa, but the only thing going for this place is that the ceiling was cool-- it was planked wood. So if you enjoy pickled onions and musing over things like "I wonder if I could install that kind of ceiling in my living room" by all means try this place. Otherwise, steer clear.I've already reviewed Longman & Eagle once, but after staying overnight in their inn (and getting engaged there!!!) I had to update my review.My boyfriend and I chose to spend the evening of our 3rd anniversary at the Inn at Longman & Eagle, and to enjoy brunch there the next morning. Reserving a room was easy - we stayed in Room #4. After a bit of a slow check-in (heavily contributed to some credit card confusion on our part!) I was ready to get upstairs and put our bags down. The room has two huge windows, overlooking the patio. The bed is comfortable, and the bath/vanity area is GORGEOUS. I loved the simple but modern decor and the cute little touches, like the tape player and mix tapes in lieu of a TV and DVD player. While I was absent-mindedly reviewing the room, he popped the question  :)We went downstairs to celebrate and were greeted very happily by the hosts and managers. They gave us champagne and a shot to toast our new Facebook relationship status (ha). The bar was hopping and we split a DELICIOUS pretzel with Welsh rarebit sauce to try to dry up all the celebration booze. It helped (a little.) The room is right above the bar, so for anyone planning to spend the evening overnight, keep this in mind. Hopefully if you've done it right you won't even notice, and the noise does quiet down before 2 am.The next day we enjoyed brunch. I had an excellent (and very necessary) bloody mary, while my fiancée had a warm drink made with yuzu. He said it was very very good. He got biscuits and gravy, which are some of the best I've had, and I had a very good and light omelet made with ramps, morels, and English peas. Everything tasted delicious. Clearly my review is going to be colored very rosy by my experience here, but that's my experience. Yes, its crowded. Yes, sometimes you have to wait. It's worth waiting for. This place is always going to hold a place in my heart.Remember when you were starting high school, it was first day of freshman year, and everyone was talking about how they dissected a frog in 8th grade? They went on and on about how it was the coolest thing ever and how big of a loser you were for not having done it yet? Fast forward to your first bio class and you've finally bitten the bullet and torn that little froggy apart, and it was.... mehhhhh. Not so cool. That's how L&E felt to me.Service was totally on par- from the host/hostess to the bartender and mixologist and our server, everyone was super friendly, super professional, and super hipster. But that's okay, as long as the hipster in them isn't judging the preppy in me, we're cool. Our cocktails were truly fantastic. I had everything tequila-related, the mister had all things whiskey. Your mixologist or server will guide you through the menu if you want to avoid certain styles of drinks. I certainly had to employ their guidance as I will fling my drink into outerspace if it's even slightly sweet. Sweet is for dessert and children, not alcohol. Grown-ups should drink their alcohol as such. On to the food- choosing from bar snacks, small plates and an entree--buffalo sweetbreads: my favorite of the meal. Sweetbreads are tasty little nugget treats. But doused in buffalo sauced and served alongside a mouse of garlicky ranch? Heaven, my darling. -pretzel and welsh rarebit sauce: hell-O salt. I get it. It's a pretzel. It needs salt. But  caked on so thick the pretzel flavor was lost? Even the sauce was salty. And salty sauce... I can't go there. You know where it was going, but I can't.-quail and foie gras-infused cornbread: the mister enjoyed this one a lot. I can't get past the flavor of the foie, but the quail was quite tender-beer-battered softshell crab and accouterments: as I am NOT a food critic, only a lover of crabs, I can say that the crab batter reminded me of Long John Silvers. Yeah, I went there, but it was bad. Super salty batter with a weird LJS flavor. I would have preferred Red Lobster to this.-Burger: in hindsight we probably should have had something more adventurous, but when the mood for a burger strikes, well it's a hard one to suppress. The burger was cooked well, the bacon was fresh and very flavorful, but there was the damned salt again! What is it with L&E and flinging salt onto everything they create?The concept behind L&E's food is really superb, modern and forward. Unfortunately the salt-factor ruined most of the food for me.Sidebar: I suggest going after the sun has set. That place was not meant to be seen in daylight. The ambiance is meant for close chats and dimmed lights, which don't really work when weak sunlight is streaming through the minimal windows.There is not much I can say about Longman & Eagle that the previous 1,000+ reviewers have not said.  It was great, the wait was long on a Saturday night, but we went next door for drinks until they gave us a call.  Great spot for a date or an intimate dinner with friends.  Everything we ordered was great, but the Pig Tail and Wild Boar Sloppy Joe (with duck fat fries) were my favs.  We had a group of 4 and here's what we shared:*Slagel Family Farms Meatballs, Creamy Polenta, Parsley Pesto, Fonduta*Pretzel, Welsh Rarebit*Chicken Liver Mousse, Port Aspic, Pickled Mustard Seed, Hazelnuts, Cocoa, Toasted Brioche*Crispy Slagel Farm Pigtail, Chanterelle Mushrooms, Apple, Sweet Potato, Chickpea Porridge, Cascade Hops*Maine Lobster Parfait, Honey-Parsnip Puree, Smoked Bacon, Red Wine Sauce, Crispy Parsley*Slagel Family Farms Burger, Aged Widmer's Cheddar, Nueske's Bacon, Brioche, Beef Fat Fries*Wild Boar Sloppy Joe, Crispy Sage, Onion, Pickled Jalapeno, Brioche, Beef Fat Fries*Slagel Family Farm Beef Short Rib,  Bone Marrow Foie Gras Soup Dumpling, Salsify, Abalone Mushroom, Red Wine Syrup*Fig Pudding, Bourbon Butterscotch, Soft Whipped Cream, Poached Fid, Bourbon Tapioca, Caramelized Hazelnut Brioche, Sassafrass Creme Fraiche Ice CreamI've heard great things about their brunch as well, looks like we'll be heading back for more!OK its all pretty much been said before so I will be brief. Decor - Awesome. Service - Top DrawerFood - From the spigot of God's own Brita filter. I got - Artisanal Cheese Plate - Savory and amazing. The couple next to us ordered this after looking at ours. My 6 year old was here also and she dug on the soft French cheese harder than BP did during that whole gulf disaster? remember that? Why does nobody care about that anymore? I swear I had like 50 friends all telling me "Dude, don't go to BP, they stick broomsticks into baby ducks and break em off. Then they cover them in oil."Wild Boar Sloppy Joe - WOW. I liked this better than 95% of the burgers I have ever had in my life. It was complex and awesome. Highly recommended. Seared Tombo Tuna - Just like sushi, only less chance of getting salmonella. The black garlic aoili and peas worked marvelously together but the crown jewel was the gnocci, succulent and exquisite. Dessert was the real boner inducing attention grabber. Our server recommended it after we were torn. Good choice Kortland.Gruyere Donuts with Whipped Goat Cheese and Parmesan and some kind of syrup - I seriously think a little pee came out when I took my first bite. I can't even describe this one, you really have to go get it for yourself. To sum up; worth the hype, tuck your boner into your sweatpants and head over. Also, not expensive.L&E...well, I've only been able to go to Longman and Eagle for brunch.  Each time I've gone, it's been pretty tasty.  Their items have rotated slightly each time I've been there, but I've gotten mostly scrambles and omelets.  THEIR BREAKFAST POTATOES ARE AMAZING.  One of the best "breakfast potatoes" I've had.  Yum yum yum.  Thank you L&E for using green onions in them.  One more YUM.One thing I must say - to the reviewer that got a weak bloody mary, I feel sorry for you....you must have had a bad bartender that day.  Every time I've gotten one there they've been spicy as heck!  But really really yummy.And bone in chicken - isn't that how most fried chicken is served?  When Michelin stars are given, the reviewers go to the restaurant for each meal they serve, so if they do brunch and dinner, they will go to both before determining whether or not it receives a star and how many.I am always frustrated about dinner there, though.  I've been there at 430 pm and 9 pm, and in between, and it is always a "two hour wait".  The hostesses don't even look down at their list.  Just "two hours".  I've even seen the place full, but where the bar isn't even full (with people drinking or waiting for a table)....and still, two hours.  Don't be that pretentious.  Use actual times for how long people will have to wait.  Or start taking reservations.  Or maybe just maybe, they don't like the looks of me.  Who knows.OH - a tip for sitting outdoors - the plants in the planters along the wood fence draw bugs big time.  So, don't sit in that part of the outdoor seating, or don't sit on the bench by the plants, if you don't want bugs flying all over your meal.  I know, you can somewhat expect bugs when sitting outdoors but these were tiny little guys, and swarms of them.  Not appetizing.  But I'm not going to count that as a negative on them.  All that they could do differently is take the darn plants out.Make sure to try the Wild Hipster Beard Fois Gras and don't forget to put your specially made rough hewed plaid napkin on your lap. Yea this hipster Hunting Lodge is full of itself and then some. Way to ruin traditional food.  But hey, it's hip to be faux every thing these days. But it could be worse, at least they didn't put "Revolutionary" in front of Longman & Eagle. But something tells me that the owners went to the same high school and show up at the same family reunions as the brewery owners.  Needless to say, I'm looking forward to trying the "hotel" I never thought I'd say this, but I miss the Winds Cafe.p.s. I added another star because our server was excellentMust say I'm impressed.  Apparently opened by the owners of the Empty Bottle, this place is much classier than I expected, which made me nervous when I walked in, but after pa-rousing their extensive and expensive drink menu, I was put to ease when I saw the $2 PBR.  I indulged in two Pabst and a $3 shot of rye whiskey on the rocks, my wife a glass of wine.  Also had a nice spread of house olives and the Kobe Beef meatballs.  Our friends ate the beef tongue hash with duck egg, all of which was great.  With tip, we spent $32 as a couple.  Super worth it.  In all a nice step up in dinning for the area without letting go of that hipster neighborhood edge.  I like it lots.A pub that serves really really sophisticated food at pub prices?BRILLIANT.Longman & Eagle rocks the Gastro Pub concept the way Jay-Z rocks beats. the kitchen turns out food with flare and attitude. It's "punk-metal" cuisine deeply rooted in Franco-British-Italian American dishes. This watering hole has a few tables jammed packed with food connoisseurs. I would suggest going early to avoid long waits. I ordered Roasted Bone Marrow with red onion jam and sourdough crostini - Pretty standard but never disappointsSeared Maine Scallops, Braised Oxtail, Black Truffle Gnocchi, Celery Root, Butternut Squash, Fontina Fonduta- Two JUMBO plump fresh scallops perched on top of rich oxtail and soft gnocchi. I couldn't really taste the black truffles but the dish was still very good.Maple Braised Pork Shank, Collard Greens, Anson Mills Grits,Chanterelle Mushrooms, Braising Jus - Fork tender meat that fell off the bone. The flavor had a pleasant sweet note to complement the pork flavor. I loved the tie in with grits and collard greens. The servers are very young, but friendly and possess high Food IQ. 2010 really added some terrific names to the Chicago dining scene: Gilt Bar, The Girl & the Goat, and now Longman & Eagle.I strongly recommend you pay this pub a visit.I can't say enough good things about Longman and Eagle.  First of all, the place will be packed pretty much anytime you decide to visit.. so be prepared to wait.  The place is so accommodating that they took down our cell phone number and actually called us when we were up on the list so we didn't have to wait in the crowded bar if we didn't want to.While we waited, we helped ourselves to some of the delicious beers and whiskeys on their incredible list!  The quality in their alcohol choices was supreme and decently priced.. ESPECIALLY for the city.  If I wasn't already getting tipsy after the first few, I would have tried to make my way through the entire whiskey list.. well, like I said, I would have tried.  I highly recommend trying a flight if you want a taste of a few delicious whiskeys.  When we were seated we decided to order a bunch of dishes and share them.  I think this is the way to go.  There is too many good things to neglect and sharing gives the option to try many of them.  We decided to go with marinated olives, duck rillettes, pretzel, foie gras, ricotta gnuddi, and the wild boar sloppy joe.  EVERYTHING was unbelievable and to die for.  I really can't wait to go back and try more.The only thing I would suggest to Longman was a tad bit better service from the waitstaff.  Although I was not upset by it, at times we felt ignored or unattended to.  As a server, however, I understand they were busy and that sometimes you just can't give the best service possible.5 stars FO SHO!This was my week for trying out gastropubs, finally!!! Came here on Tuesday night on a date. I got there pretty early so I started things off right with a shot of Buffalo Trace whiskey (diluted with water, of course). Spent some time talking to the bartender, Derrick, who was very nice and charming. I followed up my whiskey with a Belgian Tripel on tap. Again, very light and refreshing.When my date finally arrived, I was sufficiently tipsy and luckily, the host staff found a table for us pretty quickly. Everyone who works there is just as friendly as can be. They're not pretentious or uppity. It's soooo refreshing and made the experience that much better. My date and I started off by splitting a glass of cava, in celebration of my new job! We also each ordered a bottle of the Bell's Cherry Stout, which ended up complimenting our dinner very well. We started off with the meatball small plate: goat meatballs served over polenta with a red sauce and pesto. It was surprisingly light and the polenta, which I usually shy away from because of texture, was really creamy and full of flavor. I devoured that dish, no problem.For the entree, we decided to share the daily special, which turned out to be beef tenderloin served over polenta with mushrooms (possibly chanterelle?) and ramps. The beef was cooked to perfection. It was pink in the middle and nicely browned on the outside. The meat was tender, full of flavor, and the earthy mushrooms and ramps were sinfully good. Basically, L&E could become my new favorite bar in Chicago. I have a feeling that all of the other dishes are just as wonderful, if not better, than the amazing food we had on Tuesday. Oh I almost forgot to mention that they served an amuse bouche as we sat down. It consisted of foie gras (AHHHH so yummy!) with small piece a candied/poached pear. Everything was perfection. I can't wait to go back.So after I had an epic BLT at the last Bacon Fest, I've been craving another tasty pork sammich.  With so many interesting choices on the Lunch menu, I kept changing my mind on what I was getting.  Then I saw the BLT and just ordered it.  Actually I didn't even read what was in it, so I was pleasantly surprised when it came out.Now THIS is a BLT.  A thick meaty slab of some crisp & tender pork belly, arugula, and sweet tomato jam.  Plus some secret white sauce... it was good stuff.  Halfway through, I regretted not adding the optional egg.  That would've been all kinds of yolky porky deliciousness... sorrow.  The beef fat fries were solid.  Also, get the cheese grits if you like it super cheesey.  Tasted almost like I was eating pure cheese in the shape of grits.Our server seemed unenthusiastic, but the service was good.  The hostesses were very friendly and it only took about 15 minutes to seat us.The drink menu is impressive, with a huge list of beers, hard liqour, and wine.  I mean the list for the bourbon alone was about a page.  But it was a hot day and I ordered some fresh lemonade.  Sweet, tart, and ice cold - I would buy a gallon of the lemonade if they sold it. I know I'll be back for some more good food and drink.If you ate at Longman & Eagle last night, you may have noticed a devilishly handsome fellow by the bar watching you eat.  Sorry about that.  This was only a sipping stop only on our whiskey-themed pub crawl, and I immediately rued our decision to eat elsewhere when I saw and heard about how food is done here.  Whiskey, you're the devil.  The bourbon selection is as good as anything you'll find this side of the Ohio River, and there's plenty of rye, scotch, and Irish stuff to boot.  A lot of them are just 3 bucks for a shot.  That's a beautiful thing.  Whiskey is done en masse here, but it's also done very well, as evidenced by a deliciously bittered Manhattan and an Old Fashioned with all kinds of flavor.  Four stars for now, but only as an incentive to get me back, as L&E has been bumped to the top of my queue.  I intend to drink much whiskey and eat maybe everything on the menu.Solid establishment.Excellent location (steps from Blue Line, #76 / #56, and my condo).Superb service, all around.Great musical selection.Interesting table decor.Complimentary, in-house filtered still or sparkling water.Oh yeah, and incredible food, interesting preparations and lots and lots of bourbon. With many $3 shots listed prominently on the drink menu./swoonTo say I was psyched to eat brunch at Longman & Eagle, is down playing it. So, when we strolled in on a Sunday morning at 10 and the place was basically empty except to 2 other people I was slightly perplexed. We were seated promptly, which is where the good things about end. I ordered the peeky toe crab benedict and my boyfriend the tete de cochon egg sandwich. I'll just put it this way: due to the amount of fat in the beef cheeks, his was inedible. Sadly, mine wasn't much better. On the benedict, the egg white was almost runny and gelatinous. I didn't feel right about eating it, so I pushed it off to the side and focused on the egg yolk. Little did I realize that would all come back to bite me in the ass (LITERALLY) as I got incredibly sick to my stomach 7 hours later. Longman and Eagle was the only food I'd eaten that day, ruling it out to be the sole proprietor in the excursion of praising the porcelain gods.Needless to say, we won't be returning for brunch.  Verdict is still out on whether I can muster up the courage to go back and enjoy my once loved gruyere donuts and whisky cocktails.*Editor's Note:  Apparently "Tete de Cochon" is pig's face cooked in duck fat.  NO WONDER it was so fatty and inedible.  Our server actually recommended this dish and told us it was "beef cheeks."  Beef cheeks are actually quite delicious and flavorful.  Shame on you L & E!  Educate your staff!Argh.  I REALLY wanted to love Longman & Eagle.  I'd heard good things about it, I'd salivated over the menu.  But in person, it just didn't live up to the expectations.Unlike some of the other reviewers, wait and cost were neither of my concern.  We hit it up on a random Sunday night and waited about 30 minutes at the outside bar area to get a table outside.  It was completely pleasant and expected for a restaurant like this.  I started my meal off with the Black Cherry 101.  It was sweet, well balanced and delicious.  Ground breaking?  No, but quite tasty.From there were ordered a range of dishes including the Skirt Steak, Roasted Cauliflower, Pork Belly, and something else that slipped my mind.  I have to admit that I was underwhelmed with the food.  One, I'm wondering if we hit it on an off menu day & ordered the wrong items.  I was really hoping for something creative and unusual and quite honestly, everything at the time seemed pretty straight forward.  Looking at the menu now there are far more creative things than there were when I went.  While nothing we had was awful, things were more in the average to good range, which is less than what I would expect from a restaurant of this caliber.  Had I gotten this food from a no-name restaurant I would have been satisfied, but with much hype comes high expectations.Food aside, the experience was good.  The patio was charming and the service was good.  I never once felt rushed and my water glass was always promptly refilled.  I'm considering a second visit in the hopes it will be better, but at the moment this just wasn't as good as what I was expecting.Much has been written about this no longer new, 1 Michelin star, Logan Square, hipster haven gastropub so I shall endeavor to deliver facts in a nonetheless spirited missive.Go early.  Five of us arrived at 5:15 on a Saturday and were seated with celerity.The atmosphere is wooden, literally, closer to the speakeasy decor of gastropubs without H.G. Wells at the host stand.Service was efficient but we were not rushed.  Water, waitress, cocktails, food, plates, used silverware, bill, all came and went quickly and graciously.Two points of annoyance here, friends.  First, the ubiquitous, "Have you eaten here/dined with us/been here before?" with no substantive follow up.  Second, instructions on how to be a customer, "The chef prefers you to order your entire meal at once."  Though the presentation and product are akin to restaurants whose patrons really do need instructions this is not such a one.Sous vide beef tongue amuse, meatballs with polenta, pig cheek, sweetbreads, marrow bones, burger with beef fat fries, Gruyere donuts, black licorice dessert amuse, all delightful.  Pair with a house manhattan; the bar is raised to the kitchen.  Less expensive fare is available at the restaurant across the street but you know why you're here.Friday night around 7:00pm, 45 minute wait...but drinks at the bar made time fly.Food:1. Pumpkin with foie gras - favorite out of everything2. Tete du Cochon (pig head meat)3. Bone marrow - delicious. Not sure why they provided salt...not necessary.4. Scallops - I think the gnocci was my favorite part5. Steak and eggs - it was pretty good but not amazingDrinks:whiskaaaay. Tons of selection.Service:Probably the best I've experienced. I swear they have ESP...we never had to ask for anything...the waiter knew when we wanted to order more drinks/food, the busboy knew when we wanted fresh plates and utensils.About a year ago, I found myself with some hours to kill before a flight back home. I had not ventured out to surrounding neighborhoods and had mostly been downtown so I decided to grab a bite and a drink here to explore. Sat at the bar, had a delicious salad and proceeded to make friends with a couple of people sitting next to me. The bartendar was super friendly and the time flew by with great conversation.I would definately recommend anyone to come here, for a meal, a drink or I hear they have a place to stay too.On a whim last night I decided to check out this new Logan Square bar/restaurant with two of my friends. From the second we sat down, our service was absolutely exemplary.  For starters we were offered our choice of either still or sparkling water (we chose sparkling). I spent close to 14 years in the service industry and I have to say our busboy was one of the best I've ever seen. Not only did my water glass NEVER get below half full, but he was also exceptionally enthusiastic about the establishment, and had such nice things to say about all the menu items. It made choosing my entree all the more difficult because he'd already made everything sound soooo good!Our waiter, Willy Duncan was awesome! He gave us a thorough run down of the drink choices, and suggested some dangerously great beers and whiskey. The selection of $3 whiskey shots is both amazing AND a recipe for trouble of the best variety.As an appetizer, we started out with a scallop soup that had some sort of creme fresh and was infused with sunflower oil....everything on the menu was so ornate and the attention to the detail in the food really shined through with every bite.For entrees I chose the veal cutlet atop brussel sprouts with beef cheeck mannicotti.  Just writing this right now sends shivers of happiness through my whole body. I'm not even kidding here, but for the first time in my life, i find myself savoring a meal the next morning. I cannot wait to go back!Aside from the amazing food, you should also stop by their 7" jukebox to see what may be the best 7" jukebox in the entire world. I mean seriously....Brainiac's Internationale 7"? King Khan? Kurt Vile? Nirvana's Sliver/Iodine?  Bob & Gene? It's like someone raided my dream 7" collection and put it into a jukebox. Outstanding.This place makes me happy to be alive.Brunch here is amazing.  Maybe my favorite brunch outside of Original Pancake House (which is more breakfast anyway).  It actually manages to bridge that gap between lunch and breakfast and do it in unique and interesting ways.However, one night after a failed excursion to Fat Rice (the wait on that place is just insane), we came here for dinner and I found it a bit lackluster.  First, the dinner atmosphere is far louder and more crowded, which I personally dislike.  Secondly, the food was just a bit meh.  Nothing bad, but a bit lackluster for the prices and the pedigree.This place is running in tip top shape after 1 1/2 months. That tells you something about the crew that is running it.  Now, I'll admit it, there was a bit too much facial hair and way too much of the retro denim. That's a personal preference.  But the food. That's taste.  And wow, does it taste good.We sampled the olives, duck rillette and rabbit pate to start. I'm a sucker for rillette. It's almost impossible for me to pass it up.  Longman's version is very good.  I hate to be a complete food snob, but it was -slightly- grainy on the roof of my mouth.  The original portion of mustard that came along with the dish wasn't nearly enough and the waiter gladly brought a heaping teaspoon of it to the table.  Rabbit pate was absolutely delicious.  Any olive is a good olive.   Longman's were fine.Our waiter removed our appetizer plates and took great care to not only take our dirty silverware but return clean, fresh silverware.  He was kind, patient and an excellent waiter.  The entire service team seemd to know what they were doing and where they should be.  It was early so it was still a bit loose, but I have a sneaking suspicion these cats can turn and burn.  Two thumbs up and a 22% tip for you, Mr. Waiter!I had the wild boar sloppy joe and ordered the kobe meatballs.  My dining partner had the scallops.  The sloppy joe was great.  It was perfectly spicy and tasted nothing of barbecue sauce or smoke or nasty canned tomato product.  You can actually taste the meat, and although with that much spice you're inevitably going to lose some of the more subtle notes of the meat, this still tasted really good.  Cooked to perfection.  The scallops looked like scallops, smelled like scallops and were reported to have been cooked perfectly.  I only tried the beef and gnocchi portion.  It tasted wonderful without the scallop (I didn't try those), but it seems like a flavor combination that I wouldn't probably order.  Preference, no. Taste, oh yes.The kobe meatballs were not my favorite.  I love polenta and I love parsley.  Cheesy, saucy thing? Check.  Love.  Together with kobe beef? Not so much.  The kobe is lost with the accoutrements, though.  I loved how the meat tasted in the one meatball that wasn't emerged in the parsley, oil, cheese mix-up.  It wasn't for me, but I certainly admire the effort.  The flavors were all there, they just didn't seem to work together. Preference, no. Taste? Unbelievably yes. Find a simpler delivery method for the meatball and I'll order it again. Or, I'll just ask for them plain.  The price on the three meatballs  I got was pretty cheap.As for the place itself, it looks fantastic.   The bar stools are backless with coat hooks underneath the bar.  That's pretty smart thinking, considering that the train station is across the street and a lot of the walk in traffic is going to be lugging big ugly coats around all winter.  They're very handsome bar stools, too.  There is wood is  on the ceiling, which looks great and the lines of the tables and the environment work together very well.  There are two rooms, and even though the back room doesn't flow from the front room, it still works.  It is a bar, though, and the bathroom doors are conspicuous.  I'm almost certainly coming back, probably very soon.  Hopefully on a Friday night when I sample a few more of the beverages.  Job well done, Longman. I look forward to our dining relationship.With a Valentine's Day birthday, all I want to do is avoid the crowds and the Hallmark nature of the day. Unfortunately, it's also my birthday, so I'm forced to celebrate it somehow. With this Valentine's Day birthday thing, we've learned to do the whole pink and white heart thing and all that the next day. We decided on Longman & Eagle since we still hadn't visited it since our move. On a busy Tuesday night, we waited 45 minutes at the bar enjoying some Goose Island Green Line pale ale. Waiting was the best thing we did because it was well worth it. Once we were seated, we knew what we wanted to order right away. We informed our server of my nut allergy. She checked with the kitchen to be sure an entree's preparation. Despite the massive crowd, she took the time out to make sure that we'd have a good experience. As an appetizer, we did the pate. Longman & Eagle's pate is seriously the best I've ever had. It's the kind of pate that you dream about for months on end until you get your next fix. For dinner, I had grilled venison with huckleberries, sweet potato gnocchi, and something else extraordinary. I'm not a clean plate club member, but on our Valentine's Day I was. The venison was perfection with every bite. I loved the huckleberries playing off of the venison. Meanwhile, my husband had the burger with Nueske's bacon and cheddar cheese. Basically, I didn't speak much to my husband during our meal because he was savoring each and every bite. He also adored the beef fat fries. We had a great Valentine's Day dinner. I will return to Longman & Eagle any day and everyday to try their amazing entrees and pate. Honestly, I would wait hours and hours just for another taste of that pate again!!Longman & Eagle is the type of restaurant that stands out in many ways.  Its creative food menu sounds amazing on paper -- and actually backs it up taste-wise.  My fiancee and I opted for one order of the "Fight of the Pig" tasting menu (an absolute steal at $45/person) and then supplemented that with a few other dishes.  The rundown below:* Amuse: Country pate.  Pretty much what most pate tastes like.  As a pate fan, I was pleased.* First Course: Grilled sausage.  Rich, rustic flavors.  It came with an Ephemere Beer Syrup that was absolutely delicious.* Second Course: Roast Loin with bluga lentils.  The roast loin was a little on the dry side but still quite good, especially paired with the tasty lentils.* Third Course:  Crepniette of Fresh Ham.  In case you're wondering what is a crepinette, imagine a big meatball made of pulled pork.  Terrific dish -- full of flavor.* Fourth Course:  Braised Belly.  Very fatty but what do you expect with pork belly?  It came with a black caramel sauce which sounds odd but tasted amazing.* Fifth Course: Tet de Cochon.  Grounded up and served as a thick patty.  Nice crunch on the exterior and porky goodness inside!  Excellent dish.* Dish 1: Duck Rillettes ($5).  Comes in a little jar and served with crispy pieces of bread.  Essentially duck paste -- and I mean that in a good way.* Dish 2:  Smoked Sweetbreads ($10).  Not as heavily battered as how sweetbreads are typically prepared at other restaurants.  It brought out the gaminess of the dish, which I actually enjoyed a lot.* Dish 3:  Sunchoke Bisque with Nantucket Bay Scallops ($9).  The bisque had a rich flavor, which was accentuated well by the sweetness of the scallops.  My fiancee is normally not a soup/bisque fan but she enjoyed this dish a lot.In terms of libations, there's something for everybody, with a definite emphasis on whiskey.  I stuck with beers (nice selection of draft and bottled options) but I might be tempted to give one of the whiskey flights a whirl next time.Service is friendly and laidback in that Logan Square kind of way (think tats, piercings and lots of flannel).  The ambiance evokes a neighborhood watering hole feel, which is to say very bustling and lively but neither pretentious or douchey.  Only minor complaints would be that the wait time can be a bear (we ended up eating at the bar, which turned out to be fine) and parking is difficult in the area if you plan on driving (nearby street parking is enforced by 24-hour zone permits).  That being said, Longman & Eagle is definitely worth the trouble and a terrific addition to the Logan Square dining scene.I don't spend too much time out in Logan Square, which was the only thing keeping me away from Longman & Eagle. Excuses...but I finally made it. It also helps that my friend, who is working in Chicago for the summer, lives down the block and constantly reminds me of this. The first time I came, we only waited 27 minutes despite the quoted wait at 1-1.5 hours. Not that I was keeping track or anything. The next time we did legitimately wait 1.5 hours.So I've spent some time sitting at the bar. It's not the worst place to be, especially because I truly love and appreciate whiskey (forewarning, this part is going to be me just gushing about whiskey). The bartenders are really cool, and one of them remembered me from my first visit. Whiskey flights. Awesome. I considered getting the white flight, because I love Koval (100% one grain and really only use the hearts from distillation). However I got the single barrel bourbon flight, and it was great. Along with the ridiculous whiskey list and $3 shots, L&E is heaven. In terms of cocktails I've had the January V (Hirsch Special Corn Whiskey, Fernet Menta, Yellow Chartreuse, Angostura Bitters, Acid Phosphate) and the Chicagoan (Punt E Mes, Wild Turkey Rye, Cynar, Malort, Salt, Angostura). Both were fucking awesome.Also FOOD. Pastrami spiced pig head, farm greens salad, rabbit pot pie, roasted half chicken, zabuton of beef (best name for a cut of meat, ever?), roasted marrow bones, duck meatloaf, rhubarb and asparagus salad. Hot damn. The pig head and meatloaf were probably my favorite of the lot. The rabbit pot pie comes with "vegetables rabbits like to eat."  The marrow was a lot more delicate than I'm used to, since the bones are cut across rather than lengthwise. On one visit with friends, one person got just the pretzel, while another got the meatballs, both of which are bar snack sized. With the food so good, it's a damn shame to not let your inner glutton express itself. The burger is just okay, but the beef fat fries are expectedly delicious.I kept putting off coming here, which was a mistake. Now I'm hooked. Oh, also my friend asked if they had crushed ice, because she likes crushed ice in her water. So I posed the question, "Wtf, why do you need crushed ice?" Meanwhile a bartender beat the shit out of some ice cubes for her. What.LOVES IT! I'd been dying to try this place for a while but was too lazy to get my butt up the blue line, so took advantage of an opportunity coming home from O'Hare recently to make my boyfriend stop and try it out with me :) SO glad I did! We were seated immediately at a table on a Sunday evening at 6:30. Score! And the hostess was kind enough to store my suitcase for me while we ate, which was really generous and thoughtful. I also really enjoy the atmosphere, especially on a chilly fall evening. It feels really warm and friendly. Waiter was awesome - I sometimes get a little intimidated by hipsters because, well...we just won't go there but sometimes they can be a little intimidating, but our waiter was great. He answered all our questions, gave us knowledgeable recommendations for food and booze, and kept our glasses full the entire time!Speaking of glasses, the drinks list is AMAZEBALLS!  (Can I say that on Yelp?!?). I don't drink bourbon/scotch/rye but they have an extensive selection - I DO, however, drink a lot of beers and they had so many options that we had to try many! So, now, of course the food. We decided to go all out and do a bunch of small plates. Here's what we got:- Scallop and Oxtail: my absolute favorite. Amazing flavor explosion.- Beef tongue a la plancha: Boyfriend loved it, I didn't but only because of the texture (actually reminded me of tongue) but flavors were great.  - Frogs legs: they did them just like chicken wings with an aerated blue cheese. SO GOOD. Not sure where they found such huge meaty frogs though...- Pigeon: really nice fall flavors but not very much meat. Pass. - Pumpkin agnolotti: OMGEEEEEE like an October flavor extravaganza in my mouth. - For dessert we split the dark chocolate pave, which is kind of like a very large flat candy bar. So, So scrumpdilliuptious! Note: when they say "small plates" they mean it. Each of these only had a few bites, e.g. there were 3 frogs legs and 2 scallops. The bill for all this was pretty expensive, but it was worth it to me since the food was so high quality and we had such a great experience. I think that next time (and there WILL BE A NEXT TIME), I'll stick with beers and an entree. Looking forward to it!I went to this place on a Tuesday night at 8pm. We waited 1 hour and there were empty tables everywhere. It was super annoying and inefficient. The 'small plates' as they call them are super small and are really expensive. I guess you pay for the artsyness and intricate tastes. I got something with liver and white chocolate and watermelon. It was horrid and it cost $20. The entrees are bigger and more reasonably priced. The service was bad our hostess was mean and did not even give an accurate timing of when we would be seated.This place is not worth it. Go somewhere your money will be well spent!On top of it all it's filled with hipsters...I went to Longman and Eagle for the first time this past Friday after the city has been abuzz about this place in the first week of opening!  I have to stay I was incredibly impressed by the food here.  L&E was pretty crowded but after about an hour and a half of drinking at the bar we got a table.  Other patrons here were super friendly and easy to talk to and I loved that people were sharing their small plates with people they didn"t know.As I said the food was delicious and I will be here soon to try more.  I tried the rabbit pate, clam belly strips and scallops with oxtail ragu.  The rabbit pate was delciously  prepared and homemade.  The scallops came perfectly cooked with a tasty sauce and bits of cheese perfectly paried with the oxtail ragu made each bite a taste of heaven.  I can't wait til they start serving brunch at L&E.  This is definitely one of my new spots!Walked in with semi high expectations after seeing the reviews from Yelp and walked out happy and full :)A group of four shared the meatballs, sloppy joes, beef tongue, scallops, and pork belly.The pork belly was a unanimous favorite. Perfectly cooked pork belly (crispy on the outside and tender in the inside) with risotto that perfectly complimented each other. I was scared to order the pork belly because at most places its too salty... but that wasn't the case at Longman & Eagle. The meatballs was also a favorite of mine. Although, I wish they gave you four instead of three... one more ball can't cost that much more right? The the hint of spice from the meatballs and the creamy polenta balanced each other just right. The scallops were seared to perfection and just melted in my mouth. Its funny how a lot of restaurants can screw this up.The sloppy joes and beef tongue were good but I didn't have a ratatouille moment.Definitely worth coming back as their menu changes with the season.Enjoy!I am almost afraid to add another 5 star review to this place.  See, I live 2 blocks from here and was hoping to make this place my new second home.  It's going to be hard to do that if all these great reviews make it impossible to get a seat here!  My lady and I went here for dinner on Friday evening thinking "let's check out the new place".  Little did we know it would be one of the best meals of our lives.  Maybe that's a bit of hyperbole...but it was damn delicious.  We waited patiently for our table at the bar and became jealous as amazingly presented plates passed by us.  After only a few minutes an employee came by and offered to take our coats!  We ordered a second round of drinks and because of a slight mix up were given them at half price.  Once seated (a little over an hour), and despite being at capacity, the waiters made sure we were well taken care of.  And they were friendly!Unfortunately, they were out of the Wild Boar Sloppy Joe (which can also be looked at as; they get their food fresh).  So instead we had to "settle" for the Duck Egg on Beef tongue hash and black truffle sauce.  I never knew an egg could be so delicious!  It cut like a piece of meat.  We also had the Ravioli with shaved foie gras and mushrooms, Kobe beef meatballs and creamy polenta, and Candy apple & butternut squash puree in salty caramel sauce.  Everything was outstanding.  Final bill: $40 (not including 2 rounds of drinks at the bar).  I would not have been surprised if we paid double that considering the food we ate.  Reasonably priced food + great, friendly service + good beer = my new favorite place.Located across the street from the Logan Square Blue Line stop, getting to L&E was easy. Our party of two arrived relatively early in the evening last Saturday, and L&E was already packed to capacity. Our determination was strong, so we gave our name and phone number and went next door for a drink. I had mentioned to Gina, who was working the door, that we were interested in having drinks at the bar @ L&E if possible. within 15 or so minutes I received a phone call stating a large party had left/been seated and more room was now available...success.Reentering the bar, it was still packed, but not to the point of over annoyance. The crowd at both the bar and restaurant was very diverse in both age and image. I am very impressed with the amount of options L&E provides for drinks. Extensive beer, wine, spirits, and cocktails at $8 a pop are fantastic. After about 80ish minutes of waiting (total, and accurately guesstimated by the staff), we were seated in the back room.Appetizer: Pretzel. Hot, delicious, soft, and full of flavor. Great for two people to split.Main Course: we split the bone marrow (small plate) & venison (entrée). The bone marrow was an experience, give it a shot. Both were very good.Dessert: Donuts w/ whipped citrus goat cheese. Again, excellent with an interesting twist in the goat cheese.Overall, I'd highly recommend Longman & Eagle and can't stop raving about it.The food has always been amazing, and with the addition of brunch, I almost feel like I'm cheating on Longman if I go anywhere else.Oh, and did you know they serve alcohol? The bartenders are all phenomenal, and Longman offers the best BEST best Dark and Stormy. With coathooks under the bar (a necessity) and the coolest bathroom, the interior is not only sexy, it's functional. The wooden sculptures are my favorites!What, you need more to convince you to go here?I mean, a whiskey/bourbon list a mile long and lots of tasty treats.  This place is the jam.Favorites on their regular rotation include the buffalo sweetbreads, the gougeres (cheesy poofs!), the warm mushroom salad, the lentil dish.  We've also had a number of the specials that have turned out to be stellar - a ham terrine on our last visit was particularly tasty.Meh... Meh... Meh... Way too much hype for a place that in my opinion just is not that good! First off the exterior of the building is completely nondescript and is painted a horrid shade of grey. The interior is neat looking, but all hard surfaces, so if you want to have a conversation either go with people that know sign language or plan on spending your entire evening shouting.The hostesses were polite and nice, but our waiter could have been much better. He was not terribly helpful with ordering. When we tried to start by ordering appetizers, but he told us that they don't let people do that there? Very odd, and that is fine if that is how you run your kitchen, but tell us that when you give us the menus rather than when we are ready to order apps. He also seemed to only be able to serve one table at a time. Meaning he would check on one table go back do whatever they needed and then come back to check on the next table rather than managing his time by going to a bunch.The cocktails were great, but the food was not, and It was way over priced. The bone marrow was gelatinous. The burger was bland and the bun seemed stale. The beef tallow fries had a particularly unctuous texture. The scallops were under done and had the accompanying sauces and veggies did not do much to enhance them or make them unique, and the portion small.... A lot of the entrees seemed to focus on textures that I could do without. Fried soft shell crab? Ewwww no thanks!  There are tons of great places to eat in Chicago, and Longman & Eagle is okay, but not 20+ dollars a plate for an entree good. Go to Revolution, Province, Brown Trout, Sepia, The Girl and the Goat or about a dozen other restaurants in the city and get a better meal! Sure, those places may not all have the same trendy factor (although a few of them do), but at least you will get what you pay for and it will undoubtedly be better than Longman & Eagle!I didn't wanna like it. Our precious, barely-tapped Logan Square is changing so much lately. But this is change I can get behind, woo! I walked in ready to compare it to both the Winds and my recent visit to Revolution but neither even remotely held up to that sort of scrutiny. I was so happy to see they kept the bar but everything else is unrecognizable. We bellied up and scanned the menu. A few familiar things jumped out at me, things I'd seen before at various *shudder* "gastropubs" but all of it was calling to me. Heeding my internal voice which reminds me that my eyes are always bigger than my stomach, I decided to save the larger entrees for another day. One beet salad, one pear salad, the kobe meatballs with polenta and one duck rillette later, all our food arrived at once - something that normally makes me completely insane - but to be fair, we didn't stagger the order and she didn't ask if we wanted to. Shrug. We dove in and agreed, everything was right on the money. The beet salad portion was perfect. In fact, ordering that in addition to an entree would actually probably be just a little too much food. My rillette was smooth and the right amount in proportion to the toasts, and the cornichons were exactly the acid note it needed, as well as the grainy brown mustard. How rillette can be delicate I don't know, but they've done it.Kobe meatballs...holy crap... every restaurant has its own "holy crap" item (Avec's dates, Publican's pork belly, Big Star's al pastor, Custom House's sweetbreads, etc) and those meatballs are theirs. It works in complete harmony, the polenta, the parsely pesto and the fonduta. Seriously L&E, leave them on the menu. Forever.The loo was nice and clean, the staff super friendly even when busy and running, and the whole operation goes so smoothly you'd think they'd been open for a year. Well done, folks. Welcome.***Ack! I posted this and just realized what I forgot to REALLY say and those are three gorgeous little words: bacon. ice. cream.I hate to say it, but yes, I was disappointed.  Maybe it was all the hype (Don't believe the hype ... name that tune!).  Maybe it was where we sat.  (In the corner next to a cold, windy door)  Maybe I've been cooking too many fantastic meals at home.  (haha!)Either way, I was unimpressed by the food here.  We ordered the Kobe meatballs, Wild Boar sloppy joe, bone marrow dish and the duck egg and tongue dish.  Oh, and the creme brulee at the end.First, the portions.  TINY.  Okay, let me preface this by saying that I do have some portion control problems.  But still.  There were like, 6 Kobe meatballs half the size of a golf ball.  I was like, seriously?  I know it's Logan Square but COME ON.  Not everyone needs to squeeze into the skinniest jeans possible (I live in Logan Square so please don't throw tomatoes at my bad joke).  The Wild Boar Sandwich was definitely appetizer size ... I could have eaten two on a bad day.And yes, I could have eaten two because that was the only thing I truly enjoyed at dinner.  The bone marrow was, eh.  The toast was burnt and the marrow just wasn't very good.  The duck egg and tongue hash was pretty good ... but not blow-my-mind terrific.And, they were out of the yuzu hot toddy.  Booooo.  I was sort of wanted to ask, well, can't you just whip one up?  Guess not ...  We did have some whiskey shots though ... I guess that was good.All in all, unimpressed.  Maybe Ciao will have better food.Yeah, yeah, I know: Vegetarians have no business reviewing a restaurant that features foie gras, veal, and pig's face cooked in duck fat (aka tete de cochon). Trust me, I would have happily ceded my seat at Longman & Eagle to someone who would actually enjoy eating here and hopped across the square to try out Lula. But alas, the dinner location wasn't my call. I have high hopes that this place only uses meat from "happy" pigs, cows, ducks, bison, etc. but I can't say for sure. The menu just says that the meat is local but doesn't go into more detail. I got the cauliflower and lentil dish and while it was interesting and not the usual token veggie entree, I wasn't blown away it. Certainly not to the point that it overcame the sight of my DC scooping out bone marrow and spreading it on adorable little toast points. I didn't even enjoy that shit as a meat eater and now it's seriously sick to watch. Aside from there being, like, four things on the menu I could eat (two of them being salad, another being a pretzel appetizer), L&E isn't all bad. I really liked my cocktail, the Harvest Sidecar. It's a perfect fall drink. I also liked the Gruyere donut dessert. It tastes like sweet cheese curds. Way too rich for more than a few bites, though. My significant other dug the whiskey flight and the pretzels. Service was awesome. Our server (Cordlandt or something, naturally) was all over the menu and seriously could not have been more knowledgeable or friendly.Just as good as everyone says it is. We ordered two small plates, the sepia and the gnuddi. The sepia was outstanding, the gnuddi was decent. And for an entree we split the short rib, which was delicious. For drinks, we had an excellent manhattan, and a bitter bourbon cocktail, plus a flight of rye. Our servers were polite, attentive, and helpful. We sat at the bar, so there was no wait, but this was a Wednesday, so I imagine that closer to the weekend you'll run into crowds.If you've been waiting to try this place out, you'll enjoy yourself if you go early on a weeknight and expect to at least wait a little while for a table.I had just wrote this lengthy review of a meal I had here last night - and then saw pretty much the same review written just yesterday, so in the interest of providing a fresh review, I had to try again.Sad panda. I wanted to go on about the duck liverwurst pate, and how its richness awakened my palate, or how the wild boar sloppy joe is transcendent (if not a sloppy joe as you've ever experienced). I longed to revisit the a-hah! moment when the scallop & oxtail, gnocchi and fonduta hit my tongue all at once, or to take a tour of the delicate, fatty, crispy, tender veal as sat on its mountain of brussel sprouts. But It has been written. So too has been the facebook-photo-worthy poached apple desert, with its shocking dollop of bacon ice cream. So instead I'll try to make sense of the lone oddity in this whole meal - the beef cheek manicotti that came with the veal. While tender, delicious and interesting, it didn't actually pair up with the plate. Why was it there we wondered, as we went about dividing it. What was the reason the chef thought this accented that tender,crispy,delicate veal we thought as we swirled it in the reduction that remained on the plate. Beyond that there was nothing that missed the mark. From the extremely reasonable prices to the well balanced design Longman & Eagle has done it for me. Will it do it for you? Only one way to find out.One of my favorite brunch spots in the city! Also they have some of my favorite cocktails in the city without the pretentious crowd.**Edit**: Wow. I'm getting hate mail for posting a 1 star review and expecting to eat within 2.5 hours of entering an establishment. Really? Drea C., you can think I'm a "dumb b*tch", but really I was just stating my experience. Not expecting to be "treated like a king". My review below is fair and accurate. THAT being said, the owner also KINDLY emailed me, recalled the situation, apologized for the situation and asked if he could rectify the situation, so I am bumping this up to 2 stars due to fine customer service after the fact. If I ever decide to go back, I will definitely let you all know how it is. Even you, Drea C. Original review below...**We did everything right. We knew attempting to go to a new, neighborhood gastropub on the Saturday night of its opening week would come along with a wait. So we called ahead and they assured us it haven't been more than a 45 minutes wait so far. I also found a blog with a review stating that they'll take your phone number and call you when your table is ready anyway...perfect. Our party of 4 arrived around 8pm and was told we had an hour wait, gave them our phone number and went two doors down to El Cid Tacos for a drink.Two margaritas too many we realized it had been about 1.5 hours with no call, so we closed our tab and walked over there thinking our table had to be within a drink away.We checked back in at Longman & Eagle and were told that we were the next 4 top to be seated as soon as two 2 tops could be squeezed together. We crammed in and ordered another drink from their bar where we waited 30 MORE minutes (2 hours at this point) until we saw a beacon of hope... a 4 top was paying their bill! We cashed out with our cocktail waitress, hovered over the table while it was cleaned and what did the hostess do at this point? SEAT ANOTHER PARTY OF 4 INSTEAD. Right in front of our face! I tapped her shoulder in disbelief and said, "You showed me the list and told us we were the next 4-top, we have been waiting over 2 hours, when you said it would be one, I think you are mistaken and this is our table." She swiftly said, "Nope they are first" and walked back to her station.At this point we each set our almost finished drinks at the hostess station and left. It didn't seem like they minded if they lost our business or not, but this will go down as the worst restaurant at which I've never ate.In the end, their lack of regard or apology for their oversight was what was most alarming when they are trying to make nice in the new neighborhood. Other reviewers that were lucky enough to get a seat seemed to like it, but to me this place was just complete snobbery in a flannel facade.FYI: I'm a carnivore, but to my vegetarian friends out there, from staring at their menu during our long wait I noticed that even their meat-free (fries) and seafood options state that they are cooked in animal fats or plated with meat as well. Again, wouldn't bother me, but might bother some.So apparently Esquire magazine called this the 'best bar in America'. I'm pretty sure that means someone at Esquire knows an owner here. The beer list is great, to be sure. The food is beautifully plated, but seems to be overreaching. It's as if--in some effort to be innovative-- they lost touch with the original flavors of the dish. I'm not a whiskey drinker, but my friend is and she was cooing about the Whiskey flights. So, I suppose if you want to try several obscure bourbons, this place might be pretty cool. In general, I just thought it was incredibly overrated. It's fine as a neighborhood spot, but I wouldn't consider it a 'destination' for dinner.Going on a first date, I was a little perplexed when he said we were heading to Logan Square.  Longman & Eagle is located in a bit of a random spot, however it very quickly won me over.  We went on a Thursday evening around 7p and there was a wait, but we were able to nestle up to the bar & enjoy some fantastic signature cocktails.  It was August when we went, so we were able to be seated in less than 20 minutes at an outdoor table.  I loved the pork belly & my date had two smaller plates: pork cheek & grilled octopus.It was a relaxing environment, perfect for two foodies on a first date.Love the food! We went on a sunday & did not have to wait at all. We orderedslagel family farm meatballs - yumchicknen foie gras mousse - really goodsunnyside duck egg beef tongue hash black truffle vinaigrette - wowsear scallops & braised oxtail - slightly saltywild boar sloppy joe - slightly salty, perfect with bunzabuton of diezeler farm beef - yummy but no bone marrowbraised veal breast - best everbutter poached narragansett bay monkfish - buttery & greatswan creek pork belly - gigantic & melts in my mouthcallebaut chocolate - banana bread pudding - LOVE thispoached apple french toast bacon ice cream - yumflourless chocolate cake - red wine syrup is very spicyI thought the appetizers were in very small portions, but the whole dinner came out to be $40 a person including tax & tip. Awesome deal for great food.Clearly with over 300 yelp reviews, this place has a good reputation and it has something going right.  High quality food served with high quality drinks ---- unfortunately at a high-quality price tag... nevertheless, good food.We started with some good craft beers (constantly rotating beer selection, so just pop in and see what's on tap) - prices between $5-$8 a draft beer.The appetizers consisted of a pretzel ($5) that was out of this world delish. Like really, amazing for a pretzel.  Sorta crunchy outside, slightly sweet, very warm, fresh, and a perfectly cooked dough inside. Large too for an appetizer (at least at this place where basically they serve small dishes except for entrees).   While the pretzel kicked butt, the scallops were pretty sad for over $7 - just two pieces on a LARGE plate. It made it look even smaller than it already was!!!  Tasty, but not for seven-bucks worth and only two pieces....The burgers are definitely a winner on every angle. Large, fresh brioche buns, nestled with a perfectly cooked (or in my case, under-cooked burger - the way I like it) burger patty. For $12, it is the best bargain on the menu. Comes with amazing beef-fat french fries. Well, tastes simply astounding... but your gut will be needing the gym and some laps for about another 2 months after scarfing down those bad boys!  But hey, its good stuff.Overall,  Longman & Eagle serves carefully crafted food with a unique flair, and an extensive drink menu. However, be ready to fork over many bills to eat and/or drink here.... for a "budget eater," stay far away...Wow, what a gem! I went for dinner on Friday kind of late (10ish). There was a small wait so we grabbed drinks. First the inside is super cool. Way more than what you'd expect by looking at the exterior. The drinks we got were really good. I love the amount of whiskey cocktails you could get. We were served by a rather unfortunate looking guy possibly made better if you washed him of hipster. It took him a while to make drinks but they were good. The guy that took peoples reservations was able to accommodate a traveler by finding a outlet to plug my phone in. Kudos to that.Dinner was fantastic. We started with a compressed melon salad that was out of this world. It was sweet, hot, and nutty in ways I have never experienced. My girlfriend go the wild boar sloppy joe with beef fat fries. Sweet Jesus they were good. The boar wasn't gamey at all. It had great flavor and season. The fries were unreal. So delicious. I got the roasted chicken. The way the deboned the chicken was genius. There were still leg bones but everything else had been removed masterfully. It was simply delicious. Easily the second best roasted chicken I have ever had after Brasserie by Niche in St. Louis. Can't wait to come back next time I am in Chicago!I'm not sure whee to begin, but lets start with the drinks...I'm not a Whiskey guy, but their menu made me want to be.  The sheer size and variety was inspiring, and I probably would tried a flight or two it weren't for the fear of getting blackout drunk before 6PM with a long night ahead of me.  Now surely you would think with a great selection of whiskey and craft cocktails, the beer menu would be lacking...NOPE.  Not only did the draft list include the Midwest all-star craft breweries (Bells, Three Floyds, Half-Acre, Goose Island), but their bottle list was long, international, and varied.  I did get a chuckle out of their description of Old Style which called it "light in color and body, medium in aroma and bitterness, full flavored with a delicate aftertaste."  LOL - I'm going to assume this was a joke?On to the food...We had four entrees at our table - half chicken, pork belly, scallops, and beef.  First impression was that the serving sizes were generous, something I didn't expect at a Michelin star restaurant.  My second impression was "OMG EVERYTHING IS AMAZING".  I'm not joking - everyone at our table kept saying that to the point where you would think we had been eating dog food for the past year.  Everything was on point - beautiful presentation, amazing sides (e.g. lobster tator tots, pickled ramp bulbs, and creamed edamame), bold tastes, and creative flavors all around.Now for the service / ambiance:The place is very hipster/chic with a laid back feel.  I expected something a little more upscale but actually preferred the casual vibe, since it let us loosen up a bit.  The service had a bit of that pretentious attitude that contradicted the rest of the experience, but it was still friendly and punctual so I can't complain too much there. In conclusion: go here.One of the best meals I've had...maybe ever.We arrived around 8ish.  The wait was about an hour, which gave us time to sit at the bar and enjoy a drink.  I'm not a whiskey drinker, but figured when in Rome (or Logan Square) and deferred to the bartender to make me a whiskey drink I could handle.  He confidently told me he makes the best Whiskey sour in town, so I rolled the dice.  I was not disappointed.  Perhaps there is a whiskey drinker inside me after all...At our table, we started with the Slagle family meatballs.  These were so good, that I feel like I should send the Slagles a thank you card.  I could have eaten 2 more bowls of them.  Next up was the pretzel with welsh rarebit - also exceptional.  Then, the gnuddi - which was really good...but tiny.  Seared scallops with braised oxtail to finish.  Outstanding.  Scallops were cooked to perfection and the oxtail and gnocchi complemented them perfectly.My friend wanted the chocolate tort so we had dessert.  I had a few bites and it didn't do much for me, but I'm not that into sweets.  The table next to us had the donught things.  They looked awesome.Service was good.  I had anticipated some pretentious hipster attitude, and I'm pleased to report there was none of that.  Everyone was awesome, and the space is cozy and cool.Congrats on your much deserved Michelin Star, L&E.  Can't wait to come back.I went for brunch during a weekday.  There was no wait and the service was good.  The beef fat fries are good here, and most of the breakfast options are really good and won't break the bank.  I had the fried chicken and waffles.  The chicken was hot, tender and juicy.  It wasn't overwhelmingly salty either which I appreciated.  The waffles were good and kept well.  The sweet potato hash was really creative and complemented the chicken and waffles well.The bar is nicely stocked with a lot of drink options too.Overall, this is a really nice chill place to eat.Came here straight from picking up my friend from the airport on a Tuesday night.  No wait at 11pm so that was awesome.  The neighborhood itself looked a bit dodgy but the restaurant was nice.But anyway, let's get to the important stuff, FOOOOD.  We had:-Ricotta Gnuddi-Squab-Chicken liver mousse-Wild boar sloppy joeChicken liver mousse was fantastic.  Great flavor, great texture, served with tasty brioche.  Presentation was visually appealing, but made for somewhat awkward eating.  There was a lot going on besides the mousse, there were lots of other things on the plate and we weren't sure (at least I wasn't) how we were supposed to combine everything.  Regardless, it was fucking tasty.The squab and gnuddi were both good, though not incredibly memorable.  The broth served with the squab really made it.Here's my real problem, the wild boar sloppy joe.  It just wasn't great.  After all the hype from other yelp reviewers, I was really looking forward to this dish.  Both my dining companion and I agreed that the taste was bland if anything.  The only thing that gave it any real flavor was the roasted jalapeno.  If you're going to make a memorable sloppy joe, you've gotta do more than substitute pig for beef.I will say the beef fat fries were delicious.  But they're fries.A few of my friends and I are bidding Chicago adieu, since we recently graduated college and are moving to various cities across the country. I'm moving to DC, which is a fun city but has a relatively less impressive dining scene in comparison to Chicago, which I will definitely miss. As a last fine-dining harrah, I chose for us to go to Longman & Eagle, a one Michelin star rated gastropub in Logan Square. We had a group of 5 and wanted to eat on a Saturday night without the requisite two hour wait, which are difficult requirements to fulfill. We managed to arrive at 5:30 and were immediately seated, although the restaurant definitely filled quickly soon afterwards. We all started with drinks. I asked for a recommendation for something that is refreshing but not too sweet. I can't remember the name of my drink, but I received a delicious citrusy cocktail that was exactly what I had hoped for and more. My friends each ordered a drink as well and let me try theirs, but I liked mine the most at my table.The small plates were the highlight of our meal. We had some sort of fish with quail egg (I'm terrible at remembering names of dishes, and the online menu isn't updated). The fish was perfectly cooked and went so well with the melty egg. We also got the order of softshell crab, which is breaded and deep friend, but didn't taste at all heavy. The components just went together so well, and it is among one of my favorite recent dishes. There was a consensus that the meal went downhill from there however. I ordered the sweet corn risotto off the vegetarian menu since I didn't feel like having too much meat that day. It was very average and my friends said that I kind of asked for it by ordering from the vegetarian menu, but at the same time, I've been to other restaurants for vegetarian dishes that were stellar. This just didn't feel like it had anything interesting going on. One of my friends ordered the pig's head, which has a huge slab of pork sitting on a bed of risotto, and her risotto portion tasted much better than my dish for some odd reason. Other main dishes ordered at our table were the burger (decent burger but a burger nonetheless), scallops (also pretty good), and the house special of the day, which was coca-cola braised brisket. My friend ordered it on recommendation of the waiter, but this was the worst received by our table. Literally half of each piece of meat was fat, and the other half was still fatty to the point of almost slimy. The braise was not good and just made the meat taste strange. One friend tried a piece and spit it out because she thought it was disgusting, and my friend who ordered it just sat there, poking it and looking sad for the rest of the night. If I had his dish, my rating would've been lower.The meal went uphill again for dessert. We shared the cornbread churros (?), which tasted like cream puffs, as well as the trifle. Both were good but not stellar, but the desserts helped end our meal on a more positive note. Overall, I really appreciate the atmosphere of the restaurant. It felt very fun and had an extremely extensive beer selection, plus the service was top notch. However, because of our mediocre main dishes, I'm unable to give this restaurant a higher rating. It was still definitely an entertaining and memorable dining experience.If the band The Decemberists opened a restaurant, this would be it. The aesthetic of the place is sort of Early Chicago, meets Logan Square Hipster. Okay let's break it down:The scene: restaurant in front, bar in back, Inn on top...Just like in the olden days : )....The ceiling is fascinating. Beautiful old woods all melded together. My date caught me staring at the ceiling many times. He wasn't even boring! The bathrooms are adorable. JR Watkins soap...Nice touch...The food: We kept it simple...Kobe burger with OMG bacon and OMG cheddar and Wild Boar Sloppy Joes. It was food to savor. Seriously, I hit the table with joy and scared the waiter standing next to me. : ) The full menu food is like Old School American fused with modern cuisine. I can't wait to try more!The cost: For Chicago? Pretty cheap for farm raised everything. Pretty damn cheap actually...Oh joy! I love this place.Last night I had one of the best meals of my life here at Longman and Eagle.  We stopped in around 6 and expected a wait, yup 2 hours for a table... and the bar was packed; so we headed down the street to another Logan Square gem... no, I'm not telling you where because I dont want to have to wait 2 hours to get seated there too... After a few drinks/ hours we walked back to L&E and were seated right away, perfect timing. On a busy Saturday night the back room is where you want to be, its not as loud and you dont have staff/ other diners dancing around you to get where they want to be.  We salivated over the menu for a hot minute and decided to just order everything on the small plate menu, well... just about everything.  Our food came in a few rounds, the first of which was a little overbearing, three dishes at once? I guess we can handle that.  First was the Foie gras,the smoothest and richest I have ever had, then the veal heart with chanterelles, it was woodsy and buttery... delicious, dont be afraid when dining at L&E.  The last plate in this round was a parfait of huge lobster chunks with a red wine and bacon sauce we fought over this one... it was that good. Round two consisted of a few more drinks and sweetbreads, I have never had sweetbreads before and now that I have I suggest everyone try these nuggets of rich flavor.  And finally the dish we had been waiting for... bone marrow topped with an onion salsa.  We could have just ordered six of these and been happy, the marrow is succulent and I want it in my butter dish at home to slather on toast every day.  After the marrow, not quite full enough we nibbled on some frogs legs and enjoyed the  banana toffee and ginger custard, our waiter was right on this one...ahhhhmazing. Both of us were awestruck by the wonderful meal and the service was quick and non-intrusive.  As a resident of Logan Square I am proud to have L&E in my neighborhood, I still think that garners some kind of reward like no wait seating...hint hint.  We will be back again for that bone marrow, and sweetbreads, and lobster, the veal heart and the foie gras... we will be back for everything its just that good. p.s. $2 PBR, keep it classyThis place is stupidly popular despite being out in Logan Square. Went on a Wednesday, and it was absolutely packed to the brim.The atmosphere is what you'd expect - trendy with dark wood and ambient lighting. Bring your flannel or feel out of place.At any rate, the food is good. The shared plates are not for those with cholesterol problems. We're talking pork cheeks, bone marrow - so fat, fat and more fat. Each dish is prepared with care and balance, and it's absolutely worth the hype.Speaking of the pork cheek, you need to get it. If you love balancing savory meat with a hint of sweetness, this is right up your alley. To balance it out, get the beet salad. It's a roasted beet salad - impossible to go wrong. In terms of the donuts, I could frankly take it or leave it. It's as savory as you think, but it's surprisingly not that heavy. The main frustration for a lot of folks is that the wait is epic (3 hours at 5:30 on a Saturday? Jesus). This is sort of exacerbated by the fact that, according to the hostess, they only have two tables that can accomodate more than 4 guests. The space itself is large enough to where you'd think they can fit more large tables - particularly in the back area.Anyways, spring can't come sooner. I'll be the strangely tall asian guy sitting outside in the patio area, sipping on some whiskey, while scarfing down some tasty, tasty pork.Came here on my birthday with my parents and my boyfriend and the dinner was really, really good.  The cocktails were also incredible.  The crowd was generally very snobby and serious- my table sang happy birthday to me and someone at the bar uttered a sarcastic "congratulations..." whatever, the restaurant can't choose who comes in the door.  The restaurant CAN choose, who they hire, however.  This is a WARNING about Longman and Eagle- after paying for my birthday dinner my dad's credit card info was stolen and used for several days until the bank caught on.  I don't want a good restaurant to have to pay for one ass hole employee- so if you go, keep this in mind- If I go back, I will certainly pay with cash.  Come on guys...you don't get enough tips on a Saturday night with a 3 hour wait list?OSB means Off Site Bar. Cool newish area. And outside is always a popular spot. This may be one of the best locations in Logan Square.This place marks my most favorite restuarant experience ever. This review is super delayed but just proves I'm still thinking about this meal! My boyfriend and I escaped Philly for 4th of July weekend to visit chicago and this place was definately high on our list to visit. Our server was jane and she was just the bees knees. She ruled. We ate everything. I don't even know what to mention because it was all good and different and interesting. I recall some sweetbread dish that was awesome. I could reference the receipt because yes I still have it and yes it hangs on my fridge bc that's how's special this place is! A meal you won't forget. Plus it was the first place I had Pappy!!! I am sitting here like a creep remembering just how great that was. Awesome food even better booze, this place had me consider making chicago my home. Thanks so much folks at longman & eagleDon't forget to bring your mustache and wear you flannel shirt !! The staff definitley was quitesential 'hipster' though I don't know if I really know what that means.If your driving by looking for this place you will never find it ! Its is really a shabby looking building with the name only written on the window, the inside is super cute though.The menu is quite sophisticated and interesting but none of the entrees were really exciting me too much. A friend and I split a starter and a plate, the server told us they were small but I was still surprised !! We tried the meatball app, which was 3 golfball sized meatbalss in a little red sauce and mascapone maybe, and we also had a fried ricotta cheese dish, again it was beautiful, 5 little half golfball sized cheese bites. Both were good, but for $8 a piece I don't think I'll be trying them again. Great beer list, good service, and cute atmoshphere ( I loved the ceiling), though on the way out we saw a family with two really small children, odd, maybe the kids really like Maro or sweetbreads !!Absolutely no complaints - none at all!  We started with the Buffalo Frog Legs with whipped Blue cheese (I could bathe in that blue cheese), pork cheeks and bone marrow.   I was not a fan of the bone marrow (two reasons - we give our dog bones that are identical, and the texture) but every plate was licked clean.  Luckily, not literally.Wonderful whiskey list, beer list and delicious cocktails!  I had the dark and stormy - I could have had 10.For our entrees one person had the burger (melt in your mouth quality), pork belly (so much flavor and world of deliciousness), soft shell crab (i missed the boat on getting a bite!) and I had the beef.  So so so so so so good!I highly recommend Longman & Eagle!  Can't wait to go back!Longman and Eagle, we finally meet!! I came here a couple nights ago, the day it was announced that L&E had earned its Michelin star.  I have to say, I can see why they've earned it.First off, score for parking. There is a parking lot across the street! Upon walking in, you are immediately greeted and everyone is super friendly, including the busboys.  You sit at the bar, and they have a ton of mixed drinks and great beer on tap, including Sofie, which is now currently my fave. Another score for intro-ing me to my favorite beer (and I'm not much of a beer drinker...).The dining room is small, but looking into the back of the restaurant you'll see there is an extra room.  My dining companion and I were seated in the back room after a little while, and the waitress came and greeted us right away.  She answered all of questions like she had a clue what was going on, which was awesome. After looking at the menu, we decided on 2 apps and an entrée each.  We ordered the pork cheek and the marrow bone with onion jam. Both damn tasty.  The pork cheek was tender, and the lentils had the right amount of foie gras jus underneath and wasn't overcooked and mushy.  Marrow bone is one of my favorite indulgences, and they gave you a hefty amount here. Not sure if I just lucked out, but there actually was too much marrow for my toast. SUPER SCORE!! My friend ordered the pork shank for his dish on recommendation from the waitress, and man was it a large chunk of meat. I didn't get a chance to try it, but he said it was delicious and the meat just fell off the bone.  I had the burger.  I requested it medium rare and it came out at the perfect temperature. As I started eating it, it was so juicy that I had to wipe my left arm from wrist to elbow twice because of all the juice running down my arm!! (My doggie was my best friend when I got home that night...)  Yum, highly recommended (by me and my pup)!  The beef fat fries were just ok though, as they were greasy and heavy tasting. Service was really great that night, as the waitstaff was attentive but not overbearing.After our main courses, we were too stuffed to have any dessert. We were informed that there is a new pastry chef there now, and I must say the dessert menu looked intriguing.  The roasted chestnut custard with figs and the honey poached quince on pork rind battered French toast is definitely on my radar. I look forward to coming back. We will meet again, Longman and Eagle!!!Cool bar, fantastic cocktails.  Very well balanced.  Great selection of whiskey, scotch, bourbon etc...Menu is amazing, with great animal parts I love to eat.  Liver, sweetbreads, tongue, etc.  Some of it was a bit salty and rich though, maybe just my selections.  I do want to go back and give it another go.  Based on other reviews and their reputation this is a place not to miss.  I'd give it a second go.AH-MAZING! L&E has definitely earned it's star. They do not take reservations, and is really small, so we arrived around 5:30 and were seated after 15 minutes, long enough to have a drink at the bar. Our waitress was excellent, helped us navigate through the menu and gave us great feedback on what we ordered. FAVES: scallops and duck rilletes. Also excellent: roasted marrow and foie gras. Good, but might have tried something else: meatballs. The polenta was perfectly creamy, but at the end of the day, a meatball is just a meatball. Dessert: Gruyere Donuts don't sound appetizing, but were soooo good. I highly recommend trying. The trifle was just ok. I WILL BE BACK! Next stop, brunch!"It's in Logan Square." I told Jerel, my dear friend I was visiting in Chicago.Demure face: "I have no reason to go there.""Supposedly it's kind of hipster." I was trying to get him interested. "like you have to wear plaid or big blocky glasses."We exited the blue line and I recognized the outside right away. "I think this is it" "There's the plaid!" he noticed, with hippie mama's and their strollers and their messy hair boyfriends chatting in a group near the street corner.At once my grungy Austin days came to mind.  We waited at the bar and ordered drinks."I'm debating wether to order a cosmo." Jerel smiled. "I don't want to upset them.""No they want you - the black gay guy.  You're a highly coveted demographic. ""that's right." he realized. "they do like us.""excuse me, can we get a cosmopolitan?" I said.  A blank look went on the bearded tatted bartender.  "that's a good question" the Indy Paul Bunyonesque bartender said."told ya." Jerel said. He went to go check.  "He's calling the straight police to get approval."  I laughed.We got drinks and moved to a table in a funky fenced in patio area right on the sidewalk of a treed residential street and got a smiley effeminate waiter in skinny jeans.   It was a beautiful day.I had the peeky toe crab benedict and Jerel had the crab mac and cheese.  Delicious and fresh, but nothing unusual.The real treat was the free ambiance and the neighborhood.  After our meal, a pretty young woman invited us to limbo with them on the sidewalk,  it was one of the girls birthday."she even knows the entire limbo song." Jerel mused. So I did a limbo and she gave me a prize, a cubs coozie.  They clapped after I unwrapped it.Now THAT'S five stars.I haven't had one bad meal at Longman and Eagle. A couple weeks back I had brunch with a friend and instantly fell in love. It has a cool atmosphere and the waitstaff is pretty friendly. For brunch I got the fried chicken and waffles. The chicken was moist and well seasoned and the waffle was perfectly cooked. There was also this sweet potato and pork belly hash on the waffles that was delicious. My friend got the french toast and loved it as well.Last week I returned for dinner with a friend and again had a great meal. I got the melon and fig salad along with the burger. The salad was fresh and creative and a great starter size. The burger was well seasoned and perfectly cooked along with the fries. I cannot wait to return and try some other dishes.Wow, fantastic! This place is not pretentious like most Michelin star restaurants, so it was definitely refreshing. The staff was very nice and attentive, What we had:1)Pretzel: Holy crap this was excellent! The pretzel was freshly baked and it was just the right consistency. The best part was that it was a nice take on a pretzel, the salt on top was not the typical coarse salt but rather a shaved salt(?). It melted on the taste-buds so perfectly. 2)Foie Gras: Perfect melody of pickled gooseberry,carrots, and foie gras...and then the perdu(!) It melted on your tongue, absolute perfection!  3) Australian sea bass: The only one downfall! There was no salt! The fish was perfectly seared and the prawns fell apart, but it was so bland, the spices would have helped this dish. There wasn't a noticeable melody as with the above dishes.4)Fried Apple Pie was to die for. My taste buds just said, mind blown. Highly Recommended!5)Anglaise: it was just good(my husband's exact words) I can't wait to come back again!Yes, yes and more yes. Dinner here was worth the hour wait, especially because of the awesome cocktail selection at the bar. Espresso with whiskey? Yes. Once seated, our server offered to choose our first course for us. This was a great idea. We got some scallops, some pate, a lobster parfait (LOBSTER PARFAIT), lamb tartare and a nice little salad. All so excellent. I don't even think I could pick a fave. The accoutrement with with chicken liver mousse was awesome, the lamb was just unique and the seafood dishes were divine. For mains, I shared the duck and the walleye. OMG, the walleye. I always try to be healthy and order fish, and this time I was rewarded generously. I think I didn't realize that walleye was a meaty halibut-esque fish. The surprise was pleasant. And the duck - 3 ways, all fab - was out of control. One preparation boasted a foie gras bread pudding. FOIE GRAS BREAD PUDDING. Sadly, we didn't have time for dessert. And, therefore, I will be back.A local friend recommended I check this place out while in town and I'm glad I took his advice.I arrived on a late night Thursday.  The place was packed and the smell of good food was heavy in the air.  However, I had not come for food.  I was just in town and was ready to enjoy the start of my vacation with something liquid.  Happily, I was able to find a spot at the bar which is where I prefer to sit.  I'd had just enough time to grab the menu before one of the bartenders was there ready to take my order.  Now the reason I was here was because my friend had been telling me about their vast whiskey menu for a few months now and I was there to explore it.  I'm more a scotch or irish guy and these were well represented on the menu.  Where the whiskey menu went insane was in their huge selection of bourbons and ryes.  Something to note here is they have a selection of these last two whiskey types for $3 a shot.  That's right, $3.  The point of which is not to obliterate your sobriety as well as your liver.  These are priced for you to have a low risk shot of something new to sip on.  I've never been a fan of bourbon and I thought I didn't like ryes either. But after a chat with 2 of the bartenders that night, I may have to change my mind about rye whiskey.  The rye recommended to me was delicious.  Things to note here:  they offer whiskey flights (which kind of makes me giddy in a good way), a full bar, some good draught beers to choose from, and a menu that goes well beyond average pub fare.Add to this, friendly and great service.  Thanks Jim and An(n)a!  It was a fantastic start to my trip and made such a good impression that I went back once more before I left.  Given the chance, I'll be back again.The selection of whiskeys is to die for.  The staff is knowledgable and they always try to satisfy your whiskey tastebuds.We had an appetizer, 2 entrees, and dessert.  ALL of them were very tasty and flavorful.Overall, I'm coming back to L&E.I went to some great places in Chicago...this was one of the best in all respects!I walked in to what looked like a neighborhood bar -- it was nice yet comfortable.  The hostess greeted me promptly and took my reservation for dinner.  Found a place at the bar and took a look at the drink menu.  This place is heaven for whiskey fans!I ordered the Rye tasting menu...which had my new favorite -- Whistlepig Straight Rye 10 yr (exceptional).  The bartender was knowledgeable, friendly, and quick...despite the fact the place was packed.  The bar shines...but the food is where this place rises to the next level.As the reviews mention, the menu is split into appetizers, small plates and entrees.  Honestly, I think getting a mix of small plates and appetizers followed by one entree to share is the best way to experience this restaurant.I had the Pretzel (smelled and tasted delicious), Artisanal Cheese Selection (nice selection), Grilled Berkshire pork cheek (very good), Tete du Cochon (Incredible!), Ricatta Gnuddi (would skip), and  the Maple Braised Pork Shank entree (Simply perfect and highly recommended!).The service was friendly, prompt and impeccable.  Over the course of dinner I also had a couple drinks - Manhattan and Old Fashioned.  Great cocktails with top notch ingredients!For Dessert: Warm Gruyere Donuts and Roasted Chestnut Custard.  Both were great.This place is a home run.  Great bar, friendly service, exceptional food and fair prices.  Recommended!Everything was beyond delicious...one of my all time favorites. Meatball fonduta, gugeres, and a burger that will knock Kuma's out the park!....Have I talked about the whiskey yet?I wandered in after a community meeting a couple of nights ago and it turned out this was their friends and family opening, with their official opening being last night.  The vibe was so warm, the food so outstanding, that I can't wait to go back.  I talked to one of the owners and he said they wanted the place to feel like a big hug.  It's also going to be a B&B, modeled after those English country inns.  Their motto is "sleep. eat. whiskey." It's owned by Empty Bottle Presents but will not have live music, but rather a DJ some nights.  Needless to say, the music they had playing the other night set the perfect tone over a good sound system. Thank you for coming to Logan Square, Longman and Eagle!This place is rad. Take the Publican and mix it with the Empty Bottle - and I think you get the picture of this place. For all those yelpers who go on about how much they hate "hipsters" for their dingy hangouts and apathetic service:  Longman & Eagle proudly tells you to eat your heart out. Or, better yet - some Duck Egg w/ Beef Cheek Hash and truffle vinaigrette.Oh hot damn this place was good. I'm not the most experienced dude in the world with the super-unique, super-rich, semi-fancy foods, but man, that pork belly kicked my ass in the best way possible. Didn't hurt that I was able to enjoy a hell of a Manhattan and a really nice couple of beers with it. I want to come here and try just about everything else on the menu. Tell my piggy bank that I'm about to break out the damn hammer.Oh yeah, and seeing that long list of $3 whiskeys made me feel at home. Veerrrryy at home.I wanted to like it here more. I really did. But the service started off as so annoying and anal, we were irked before we even sat down. We were told that if we were more than 15minutes late for our reservation a $50 fee would be assessed to our credit card. Who does that? Who does this place think they are? Alinea? Tru? As soon as we were 10minutes late, they began calling us to see where we were. The asked my friend who got there before us when everyone would be there every 5 minutes. When we finally all arrived (barely missing their 15min cutoff thankfully), we found the place to be mostly empty! And after all that stress! Ugh....Cocktail selection was good. Great whiskey selection. Food was fairly good, but looked better on the menu than it came out. Not really a fan of raw duck, but the crepe under my duck was splendid. Most people enjoyed their food, but weren't blown away. Probably won't be back unless I'm in the area and can't think of anything else.Incredible experience.SERVICE: The staff was extremely friendly - which helped our 45 minute wait. While we waited, we got recommendations from the bartenders on which drinks to get. I ended up with some sort of rye whiskey and ginger beer drink - which was incredible.Note - This place is SOLD on the $3 whiskey shot special ALONE. (with something like 30+ whiskeys available)FOOD: As if I wasn't impressed by the amazing drinks and shot special, the food was fabulous. We started with an artisanal cheese selection with three types of cheeses and a fruit marinade and buffalo sweetbreads. They were both amazing - but the buffalo sweetbreads dish was to die for. And I'm not even really sure what it is... I know it's something sketchy. For our entrees, we shared the roasted marrow bones, (my favorite meal of all - which is disgusting and awesome) and the maine scallops dish. The scallops was okay - the MUST HAVE here is the bone marrow.DRINKS: Besides whiskey, we also both had glasses of Shiraz and another white wine. I know what you're thinking... yes, I was buzzed and no, this wouldn't have affected my 5-star score!ATMOSPHERE: We sat outside as it was too crowded inside - so I didn't get to experience much besides sitting at the bar for 5 minutes. But it was a beautiful night and comfortable seating outside.OVERALL: I'd go back in a heartbeat.Cannot say enough good things about the food here & I take all my friends here after an awesome night out for brunch. However, the reason for 4 stars is due to the servers that really aren't that hospitable or on their game.Holy balls, two hour wait for a table? I think I'll take my business somewhere else then. Oh, what's that? You serve the full menu at the bar? Well then, yes, I will camp out behind these two drunks until they leave. A table would be nice, but given how loud everything and everyone is, it really doesn't matter to me. Unfortunately for me, I was on medication that prevents me from imbibing on alcohol. But watching them make an Old Fashioned was just something else. That, and one of the bartenders seemed to enjoy experimenting with mixing new drinks. Every time I saw him make someone new or random, someone else seemed to "have what he's having." I had the wild boar sloppy joe, with crispy sage, onion, pickled jalapeño, &  the beef fat fries. Now I've never had wild boar before, but this was a meal that for $11, fed more for over two meals. It was really that filling, or maybe I'm just not built like those kids in the Midwest are. The girlfriend and I split the roasted marrow bones with red onion jam, sea salt, & sourdough crostinis , and since I've never had marrow before I can tell you I was pretty blown away the the meal. They even serve it in the bone, which was quite an impressive feature as well. There is always something special with a place that serves each beer they have on draft in a different glass. I hadn't seen a real Stigel glass since I was in Austria, but they had them here. It takes me back. Michelin star food for the price of an Applebee's. Love it.I guess it didn't help that we came here with very high expectations through word-of-mouth and Yelp reviews. L&E has a cute and rustic ambiance, but hardly deserving of four stars.Drinks first: My husband and I have been on a gastropub binge. The day before, we stopped by Giltbar for a few drinks and appetizers (that was very impressive). When we arrived at L&E on a Sunday morning, I got the obligatory bloody mary and my husband ordered a Tom Collins. The bloody mary is complex - no arguments there: A great mix of spices with a spear of gherkin and cheddar. However, I have had better. The Tom Collins is so-so. The hubby appreciated the use of Old Tom gin but the cocktail lacked fizz and lemon - making it far from refreshing.The food on the other hand, was very mediocre. We went with the sloppy joe to share. The grilled jalapeno escabeche was the best part of the sandwich. The pretzel buns that the chef chose was both thick and dry, which may have been passable if there was enough boar in the middle. However, there was perhaps a half-cup of sloppy joe, if that. That leaves us with a few morsels of flavor sandwiched between two gigantic slices of starch - bleh.Ugh, I am getting soooo freaking sick of all the new hot spots around town that are trying to be overly clever and tricky with their food. It feels utterly pretentious, fake and idiotic. This joint was no exception. While paging through the menu, each dish had some merit, however one or two ingredients seemed to be thrown in there for some 'wow' factor. Bone marrow??? Please. I ended up ordering the olive dish and a salad. 2 stars for the nice waitress, simple decor (thank goodness something was), and cool artwork. I won't be returning anytime soon.It seems to me that many bartenders have forgotten how to make a proper drink.  No I am not talking about fru fru red headed slut shots or the occasional mai tai, I am talking about cocktails that take you back to when whiskey was the star.  Greeted by a minimalist, grey exterior with nothing to signify that this is a bar or restaurant other than the words, Eat, Sleep, Whiskey and a sign hanging with nothing more than an "&."  The place is rather charming when you walk in.  Dark woods, a long bench style booth along one wall.  Bar seating along the other side, and a small kitchen.  Just goes to show, you don't need to be pretentious for wonderful food and drink.We started off with the roasted marrow bones, red onion jam, sea salt and sourdough croutons.  The marrow was wonderfully executed.  The texture was creamy and delicious and the red onion on top added a bit of acidity as it tasted like if they were pickled.  The croutons weren't really croutons like you think go on a salad, more like toasted slices, but perfect to smother all the marrow goodness.We next got the seared Maine scallop.  I have said it before and I will say it again, nothing is better than a perfectly cooked scallop.  It was served on top of a creamed corn type mixture with some jalapenos it looked like.  The scallop was perfectly cooked.  Seared on top to give it a bit of crunch, however inside was soft, moist, and delicious.  To wash it down I started off with an Old Fashion.  I have had old fashions at a lot of different places.  Some like to add too much ice, some like to serve the orange rine in the glass, this place kept it super simple.  Two perfectly cubed ice cubes (which the server said is actually pretty hard to do) with all the flavors of the bitters, orange, and whiskey blended in.  No rine in this drink.  Well done!For the main course I had the River Sturgeon with some sausage.  Awesome!  It was grilled, and tasted almost like swordfish.  It was served in a roasted bell pepper type of sauce that added some spice.  Overall it was a very savory filling dish for being seafood.  Enough so that I enjoyed a nice glass of Portuguese red wine alongside it.   My girlfriend had the monk fish.  Also very well done.  Hers tasted lighter than my fish.  Both fish were on the mild side.  Overall this was a great experience.  The service was great as well, and our server was very knowledgeable and had a great mustache to boot.  Gastro pubs definitely seem to be popping up more and more and I couldn't be happier.There are so many reviews L&E I was on the fence about submitting one. However, it is so amazing I have to voice my most recent experience!Appetizers and Small Plates:My friend and I ordered the Bone Marrow, Meatballs, and Olives to start with a bottle of Rose'. The Bone Marrow is different than other restaraunts because they provide you with salt and a jelly on the top which makes it a different and yummy experience. The meatballs have an bold but not overpowering herbacious taste with a delicous marinara sauce and sits on top of an amazing bed of polenta. I could honestly eat entire bowel of this and be happy. The olives are a nice compliment to the heavier appetizers and have several different sizes and flavors and are marinated perfectly. They are not overpowering with flavor and are done just right. Big Plates: We split this amazing porchetta dish that just melted in your mouth. The flavor of the meat was buttery and salty and the risotto underneath was perfectly cooked with just the right sized vegetables and creaminess. Mmmmmm We also split the clam in white wine dish (sorry don't have the exact name and the menu online is not up to date). The white wine broth was extremely flavorful. The wine and the herbs everything mixed nicely. What stood out to me the most with this dish though was how perfectly the clams were cooked. They were silky and moist and flavorful.The service: Waitress was perfect hipster friendly and knew exactly when to come, food timing was solid, bus boys knew exactly when to take our plates away, and the recommendations were right on. The price: For the quality of food you get, the flavor, the service, very affordable and worth every pennyOverall:A place so good you yearn to go back over and over again. It's not a fancy meal place where you enjoy it but never return. It's one of those places you can schedule dinner with your friends, have a week night excursion just cuz, a anniversary dinner, or a first date. Perfect for all!Loved every dish we had and the whiskey and beer selection was fantastic. The service was on point and the bartenders were all so sweet and informative. I will definitely go to Logan square to eat here again!Finding out that some of the Saison folks were at Alinea the same night we were but leaving just before we could catch them, we caught up with them the next day. Meeting up first at Embeya after lunch, it was decided that I had to try Longman and Eagle. The Saison folks liked it so much that they were willing to go a second time in two days. So we jumped in some cabs and made our way over. Wicker park is a gritty interesting area that seems to be going through some renaissance. L&E seems to contain that gritty element upfront, which seems like a dive bar at first, but then you have the drinks and food and realize it's one of those kept secrets off the beaten path. They have a lot of restrictions when it comes to dinner so we had to do a bit of negotiating. And a lot of waiting. Fnal,y we got seated in the back room.A bottle of wine and a handful of cocktails to start which were solid. Then  a barrage of food:-House Marinated Olives -Slagel Family Farms Meatballs, Creamy Polenta, Parsley Pesto, Fonduta -Pretzel, Welsh Rarebit -Artisanal Cheese Selection, Fruit Mostarda, Crostini -Venison Paté, Pickles, Sourdough Tartines -Warm Cheese Gougeres, Gruyere Mornay Sauce -Buffalo Frogs Legs, Aerated Blue Cheese, Celery, Carrot Barigoule-Lamb Tartare, 15 Minute Quail Egg, Pickled Fiddlehead Ferns, White ---Asparagus, Celeraic Remoulade, Micro Celery, Boquerone Olive Oil, Mustard Foam-Roasted Marrow Bones, Bacon Shallot Jam, Preserved Meyer Lemon, Sea Salt, Sourdough Toast-Bacon Wrapped Loin of Rabbit, Spring Thigh Fricassee, Grain Mustard, Puff Pastry, Thumbelina Carrots, Turnip-Fava Bean Agnolotti, House Made Ricotta, Morel Mushrooms, White & Green Asparagus, Pea tendrils, Parmesan Brodo-Torchon of Hudson Valley Fôie Grás, Macerated Local Strawberries-Housemade Ricotta Gnuddi, Artichokes, Creamed Ramp Greens, Fava Beans, Black Garlic-Confit of Pacific Octopus, Charred Ramps, Pimenton Confit Potato-Country Fried Sweetbreads, Sausage Gravy, Buttermilk Biscuit, Bacon,  Braised Beans, Honey-Summer Truffle Drizzle, Quail Egg-Tete de Cochon, Rhubarb Mostarda, Braised Beet Greens, Pickled Spring Vegetables, Five Spice Mustard-Slagel Family Farm Pork Belly, Manilla Clams, Braised City Farm Kale, Chorizo, HominyIt was a giant amount of food amongst six people. Some of us were still going to dinner after this! But the food and drink were great, it's very clear the level of cuisine and drink are at a high level here and. Deserving of their Michelin star. Our server took good care of us. Aside from the initial haggling and jostling to get a table L&E turned out to be a great unexpected side trip. 4.5 starsAmazing once again! Our server Jessica was fantastic! She timed all of our food accordingly to what we ordered and knew all of the details about food, wine and beer. Very personable. This is probably the best meal we have eaten in Chicago...Even over blackbird.Four words to describe this place--MIDDLE OF THE ROAD. I have been to this place more than five times and have had more enjoyable experiences at taco bell. The first time my chicken was undercooked and gave me a tummy ache in the middle of the night. Brunch is decent, but again, nothing to write home about, much less in the NY Times. I am guessing it made it into that newspaper because the restaurant has rooms for rent and it's kitschy. It is definitely not worth the money. Have 4 meals at Cafe Con Leche, just around the corner on Milwaukee, instead.Also, is it just me, or is the service here weird? There are way too many people standing around watching you eat, refilling the funky tasting water; and the waiters just kind of lurk, awkwardly waiting for you to finish the conversation. A big turnoff for me. I would pass on this place, especially if you are from out of town.Rocker chic at its best!First things first, come here for their whiskey. Unlike fine-dining places that only serve wine n beer to not kill the palate with strong alcohol (uhmm... Mr Achatz), LnE boldly boasts an encyclopedic collection of whiskeys, scotches and bourbons. Me n the husband started off the evening with a bourbon recommended by the bartender and a Belgian pale ale. Then moved on to their expertly crafted cocktails, Rye Tai (decorated with a large sprig of mint) and Kentucky Daisy (hidden inside was a long orange peel). Next, come here for their Michelin star winning food. As vegetarians, we really appreciated a separate menu that neatly listed all our options on the menu (those tiny letters in dim lighting can be hard to read after 4 drinks :)). We got the Agnolotti (5 stars), slow roasted cauliflower (a must-try whether you're a vegetarian or not) and the risotto with a slow-poached egg (4 stars). Lastly, come here for the desserts. We only had room for one and got the churros. They're not like the crispy stuff that I know and love but like linear beignets accompanied by a warm white chocolaty sauce. Since they do not take reservations, I strongly suggest that you come during the weekdays as I can only imagine how crowded it'll get during the weekends. Also note to not drink and drive!!A three dollar whiskey shot menu and delicious food is a match made in heaven; Longman and Eagle is Saint Peter.I knew this place was going to be good when right as we sat down our server offered us a complimentary spoonful of some kind of mystery squash and pork puree -- it was one of tastiest spoonfuls of anything I have ever driven down the ole throat hole. That's how you start a meal.For an entree I had the Steak and Eggs -- the steak was perfectly cooked and the mushroom salad on top was spectacular. Though the ravioli with an egg inside is a cool way to eat pasta and eggs, I felt that the seasoning was a little on the bland side and the pasta was a little undercooked.My girlfriend had the Pork Confit -- this was amazing. The pork was perfectly seared, was extremely flavorful, and the risotto beneath it was hands-down the best risotto I have ever eaten. Really I can't imagine rice ever tasting better than that cheesy concoction.The cornbread desert was out of this world -- homemade thick (but still spongy) cornbread served with fresh blackberry jam and olive oil ice cream. OLIVE. OIL. ICE CREAM. What!? It was in the top 5 ice creams I have ever tried, and I consider myself a connoisseur. Really good.Also they have fried Buffalo Sweetbreads with a really, really, good house-made ranch sauce. Word.Booze-wise the drinks were good but not quite on par with some of my favorite mixology-crazy joints in Chicago (cough, cough, Violet Hour, cough). For a place that specializes in whiskey I was hoping for a little more extensive whiskey drink menu, and less on the sweet side. I like to feel Charles Bronson manly when I'm downing my whiskey, and I didn't get that with the drinks here. The 3 dollar whiskey shots certainly took care of that though.Another stellar review for Longman & Eagle. One word of advice though, I do not recommend L&E for a romantic date night! While it's cozy and super intimate, it's also very loud and crowded. Everything on the menu is super heavy, decadent and delicious - if you're looking to indulge, this is the place to do it! Good crowd. Great cocktails. Can't. Wait. To. Come. Back.Pork belly risotto.  Go there and get it.I liked other things I tried there - but hands down the Pork Belly Risotto was what I felt I had to write home about.  I like the concept of the place, and definitely plan to go back!I came here with one of my oldest, dearest friends. It was like a reunion and we were catching up on almost a lost decade of our lives.  I was visiting Chicago at the time because I was transferring for work. I had no idea what this place was but was a long for the ride because we needed to eat stat. Then he told me it got three Michelin stars and I was definitely excited and curious. This place has a great look and feel. It's like an old time, classic bar. Great craft beers on tap and a full bar. It was already late lunch and we didn't have much to do so we decided on a few libations. I don't drink liquor all the time but my friend swears by the Old Fashions here. It was good but it's not my drink of choice. It's a nice stiff drink if you're in need of it. They people that work behind the bar work at their craft and are proud of the drinks that they produce. I really didn't know what I wanted to drink with lunch since it was two o'clock on a Tuesday. In my quest to settle on a drink I sampled some St. Germaine for the first time. Holy Moses, OMG! Where has St. Germaine been all my life? I sampled it just by it self and it was so floral, light and refreshing. I stick with what I know and finally settled on a nice Belgium beer.  When it was time to make food choices it was so hard. There were so many great items on the the menu. This is on my list of places to return too. My friend ordered a sandwich with pulled pork. I think it's the Cuban. (I'm sorry I don't have the exact name I looked on the menu on-line but I can't find it.) It had a side of fries that were so fresh and crispy. I've found that I have become a french fry snob. I like nice well done crispy fries. Soggy fries are disappointing. I ordered the Croque Madame. It's an open faced sandwich with Ham, Gruyere, Mornay Sauce, Sunny side Up Egg served with a green salad. I am a sucker for eggs especially when they are fried. The melty cheese, Mornay Sauce and the warm runny yolk was a creamy delicious combination. We sat at the bar and it was a pretty chill Tuesday afternoon so service was top notch. I will say I'm a little bias because my friend goes there a lot and knows the staff. They guy behind the bar was someone he knew so we had great service and good conversation.Try the foie gras, it's like butter.  Butter with chocolate and funnel cake and arugula, really.  The frog legs were like gourmet buffalo wings, and the meatballs, oh wow, the meatballs, and roasted bone marrow?  Who thinks of these things?  Who decides these things should be made into food and knows they will be so flavorful and delicate and yummy?Honestly, at 12am when some friends said "Hey, let's meet at Longman & Eagle, this place in Logan Square."  I drove around and around ridiculously lost and when we approached the nondescript bar, I had no ideas the delicacies that awaited me.  I was in for a late night treat I hadn't expected.  Was it a dream?  Like one of those awesome sex dreams but even better because sex was replaced by food?The wild boar sloppy joes were good, but really, stick with the exotic weird things you never thought you'd try and like.  It is so worth it.So this is what a michelin star tastes like...I came here with my girlfriend we do come here often. I ordered a sloppy joe cocktail. It was delicious I love coming here they have great customer serviceVery eclectic menu and very nice drink selection.  Definitely bring your lady friend for a date here if you want to seem smart.  Just make sure you do your research on Wikipedia first so you know what you are ordering.  I went simple with a Wild Boar Sloppy Joe and beef fat fries. It was completely delicious (but to be fair, anything with beef fat is pretty much a guaranteed win.)I also had a Horchata with a little rumplestilskin in it and couldn't have been happier. Nice outdoor seating.  They lost one star for service, but I can't really complain about anything else. Delicious!When I was last in the Land of Lincoln, my brother took me here for dinner. Well, he picked the place anyway. We got in around 8PM on a Saturday and were quoted 90 minutes for a table, or first come first serve at the bar. We put our names down and enjoyed a couple of drinks while we waited to grab some seats at the bar. It turns out that it took a bit over an hour for us to get bar seats, and when my brother went to tell the hostess that we didn't need our name on the list, she said our table was ready, if we wanted to sit there. We decided to stay at the bar, since we had been scoping the seats for so long.First I'll tell you about the cocktails - from what I had, the Bitter Bourbon Buck, and an Old Fashioned, they know what they are doing in this realm. The former was novel to me, but quite tasty - I might try to recreate something like it at home! The latter was a very good entry, as one would expect from a craft Old Fashioned in the midwest. I wouldn't mind trying more cocktails, on a future visit.As for the food, it was generally very good - we worked our way through the following:Buffalo Frog Legs - this was fantastic, awesome sauce, and deliciously succulent meat.  Duo of Foie Gras - this was by far the weak link. There was too much fat in this presentation of  Foie Gras Hot Chocolate (sounds great, bug I don't want to repeat the experience) and seared Foie Gras  on a funnel cake. Fat on Fat and Fat in Fat is just a bit too much.Pastrami Cured Sweetbreads - strangely I was just telling someone that Sweetbreads was around my least favorite food. Don't get me wrong, I'll eat them, but generally I would prefer to eat something else. These were delicious, however. I'd eat them again in a heartbeat  (or a gland beat?) Pot Au Feu - I prefered the foie gras in this dish to the  presentations earlier in the meal, but overall, it was a deliciously composed homey dish. to round it out, for dessert:Chocolate Rum Baba - just the right of chocolately goodness to finish a rich meal.Overall, it was worth the wait, but I think I'd try to arrive earlier in the future.We walked over and sat at the bar at 12.30p to wait for our fourth companion to make it. There were tables available, but couldn't sit until all of party made it.Pleased me since it allowed me to watch the bartenders craft their cocktails. Oh man. memorized. Though I didn't have their bloody mary, lawrence or whatever, it is supposedly a-fucking-mazing. The food? I got the aged cheddar cheese burger with bacon and beef fat fries. The fries are fucking delicious and great. Others may feel that they are too salty, but they are perfect for this guy.Totally going back.Additionally: The males in this establishment are to grow mustaches for July.I can't stand how much I LOVE you right now!I am sorta mad at myself for ordering biscuits and gravy w/ 2 scrambled eggs at ANY restaurant  ---  partly because it seems so basic and partly because I am REALLY trying to order healthier..   However, I know this is not the place to go if you are looking for fruit and granola. Well, there is nothing basic about L & E's biscuits and Gravy. Here this simple country dish has been elevated to a place that I wouldn't think possible. They are so amazingly, earth shatteringly, divinely tasty that I will probably crawl to the door in the worst weather with the worst hangover I have ever endured for it. I usually Dr. my eggs with salt lots of pepper & hot sauce but nothing on this plate required any seasoning at all. Eggs perfectly cooked and tasted like eggs should taste. On second thought...  It's DISGUSTING!!  Don't go there. Please don't take my seat, my parking (even though I could walk from home), etc.. . Again the bartenders here are amazing. This time I had the Bloody Maria.  Marta, "Mo' Chedda, Mo' Betta...."  The staff in general here and their service really rock. They are friendly, knowledgeable and not at all over the top or pretentious.  I almost hate writing this review because I don't want it to be spoiled by the masses... or change...  augh... inevitable?Summary: thumbs up.. WAY up.What do you do when you're trapped at home with two feet of snow covering your sidewalk?  You go to Longman & Eagle, of course.  My friend and her husband got the fantastic idea that we should use the Great Thundersnow of 2010 to go to all the places that normally have a really long line.  But even at 5:30 pm, this place was already rocking.  We waited 15 minutes for a table, and then was ushered to the back room.   Server was incredibly knowledgeable about the food and the whiskey.  Between the three of us (and one baby), we had:Scallops:   They did not skimp on this one!  Two huge scallops (as in, we had to cut them into quarters) sitting on top of oxtail, surrounded by gnocchi.  Four stars out of five.Chanterelle agnolotti:  Technically, this was the baby's dish so I didn't eat too much, but what I tasted was mind-boggling.  So rich and delicious.  Five stars.Mixed greens:  Your normal greens with vinegar and salt.  Nothing too special.  Two stars.Burger:  Okay, so I didn't actually try this one... I'm presuming it was good.  I ordered it just so I can have the beef fat fries.  WHICH WERE AMAZING.  Five stars.Bone marrow:  It's official -- I'm not a huge fan of bone marrow.  Probably because my mother has been making them for fourteen years and she's damn good at it.  Three stars.Chocolate tart:  A little too bitter for my taste.  The bourbon-laced tapioca on top was genius, though.  I could eat that by the spoonful Three stars.Gosling's Ginger Beer:  I've never tried this one before, but I like it!  A great non-alcoholic alternative since I really hate whiskey.Atmosphere was fantastic... tables were close together but not uncomfortably so.  White, unadorned brick walls.  I'm a huge fan of their clear, globe light bulbs, which cast the perfect amount of light to be intimate and friendly.  Since we were seated in the back room, we kind of got around the mess that was the front... I could see how having dinner there would have been annoying with all the people smushed around the bar.  Last but not least, a jukebox filled with songs I don't recognize.  This is Logan Square, after all.Woot woot - L&E is now on my list of fav restaurants in Chicago!! Hubby and me were here for dinner last night. When we got there it was packed and the hostess said  there was a wait of around 45 mins. We decided to stick it out and while we were browsing their enormous drinks menu, she said our  table was ready. We waited probably a total of 15 mins.When I think of a Michelin - star restaurant, this is not what comes to mind. It is a totally unassuming, hipster gastropub with a sense of humor. Loved the ambiance and the vibe of people. It is loud, but not so loud that you have to yell to have a conversation. This place is a haven for whiskey lovers - the selection and variety is overwhelming!! On to the food - PHENOMENAL and SEXY. Loved the food. Firstly, they have a separate vegetarian menu :). That itself is worth a celebration. We ordered:Apps:Warm Cheese Gougere, Dunbarton Blue Mornay Sauce : Good, great start to the meal.Small Plates: English Pea Agnolotti, Roasted Trumpet Royal Mushrooms,Grana Padano, Black Truffle Vinaigrette andthe Ricotta Gnudi (I dont remember the rest) - both the dishes were phenomenal. These were the highlight of the meal. Really amazing and absolutely refined. After seeing the place, tbh I was not expecting to get this kind of food. The portions were not that small for a small plate.  Entree:Slow Roasted Cauliflower, Beluga Lentils, Caramelized Onion, Golden Raisins, Mango, Cucumber RaitaCauliflower is one of my fav veggies, and I am glad that many restaurants have started to discover this veggie and making use of it. We loved this dish too. It was perfectly roasted cauliflower and the raisins and raita were a terrific touch. We were too full to try any dessert. I so badly want to go and try their salads, I am definitely going back here. The service was very friendly and on point.The staff work hard to make certain you'll be served promptly and cheerfully ask if you need to avoid allergens. But jeeze people, your guests are jammed packed, so please turn down the music so they  can converse, and might you turn up the lights just a little bit so people can read the menu? The food is respectable but entirely precious. Pureed hot dog buns as a side? YUCK! That's what you might in desperation feed to a cranky two year old. More vegetarian options would be nice, and a broader wine list. Felt overcharged and walked away feeling like this was a very old corner pub trying hard to be chic.Might try again for lunch on a warm day when I can sit outside. Dinner in a dingy pub was just not pleasant, but I liked the staff and their friendly attitude.We called ahead for our table of 9 and were told to just come on in (instead of making a reservation on the phone) because there was another party of the same size a couple hours before us, and we could just stake out their table. Our whole party waited for more than two hours and, long after the previous party of 9 had left, the hostess said they lost that table and they could seat us at two tables that weren't close to each other. After standing around at the bar for TWO HOURS already, we said thanks but no thanks. Disappointed and starving, we ended up going to El Cid a couple doors down instead. Did I mention this was for my boyfriend's birthday? Edit: The FOH manager at Longman & Eagle reached out to me to talk about the situation and apologized profusely for the issues we had that night. Sometimes, shit just happens, and apparently that's what happened when we tried to go. No hard feelings anymore, and I'm definitely willing to try going there again. Upgrading my star rating for now to a mostly-neutral three stars until I get a chance to really try it.This place had been on my list to check out.  Since Logan tends to be cooler than me lately. ;)  My bf and I went to go see a 4 dollar movie at the Logan Theatre..when it got done we were hungry for dinner.  It's 11:00 on a Saturday night.  Where to go?  Here!  Guess what..every table was full.  We didn't have to wait long.  When seated my smile was big when I took a look at the gigantic beer menu.  The place smells awesome and I love what they did with the place. Very rustic and a lot of exposed finishes. (I'm sure to be more green-or to appear that way)  It's very dim with candles on every table.  The menu is not that large..and it's a little pricey.  My boyfriend got the half chicken and I got the wild boar sloppy joe that was pretty darn good.  I also got a side of fries that  were salty and nummy.  I would come for apps and drinks..maybe not dinner because of the price.  But it is good.  I really like this place and I can see why everyone else does too. Ohh..and the service was really good.After reading so much about Longman & Eagle, I had high expectations, but the restaurant easily exceeded it! This is definitely one of the best restaurants I've eaten at here in Chicago. My bf and I arrived on Saturday shortly after 7pm, thinking we were somewhat early for dinner service. Boy were we wrong! We were quoted a 2 hour wait, however, we lucked out after five minutes of standing by the bar when two seats opened up! People, if you don't want to spend two hours waiting around the area for your table to open up, go to the bar! We were able to order from the full menu and the service from the bartenders was excellent. We ordered 4 dishes: the roasted bone marrows, scallops and oxtails with potato gnocci, the pork belly confit w/ butternut risotto and finally the pan roasted escolar w/ clams. All of the dishes were delicious, but my favorite was probably the scallops and oxtail dish. We were told that it was only going to be on the menu for a little bit longer, which is sad. Keep this dish on the menu!!!So glad I was able to eat here.Pretty pretty good brunch. I had the fried chicken and waffle ummm! Sausage and bacon sides were excellently flavorful ;)you need to be ready for a wait... even at 930 amOh Longman and Eagle. How I love thee. Please open a location in Tempe AZ so I can visit you everyday.This gem of a restaurant was recommended to us by our friends who live kiddie corner to the actual establishment. Little did they know, L&E was already on our "Must go here while in Chicago" list because of an area search.We went here for breakfast twice. The 1st time there were a lot of people waiting to be seated (20-30 min wait I believe). However, there were 2 bar seats open that we were told were free if we didnt want an actual table. Now, after having eaten here, I would gladly wait an hour or more for a seat. But if theres a bar seat open and youre not w/ a big group, I highly recommend taking it. Itll get their delicious food in front of you faster.My husband had the Cinnamon Spiced Brioche French Toast the 1st time we went, and the PBR breakfast (sans the PBR) the second. He enjoyed both, though he would advise that if you order the PBR breakfast that youd like the actual PBR. He didnt make the distinction and didnt get it.I had the Biscuits and Gravy the 1st time we went and the Chicken, Waffles, and Sweet Potato Hash the 2nd. It was my 1st time trying both anywhere and I think Im ruined on them both forever. The biscuits were light, yet dense and their gravy was delicious and a little spicy (a by product of the delicious sausage no doubt). The entire dish will melt in your mouth and while youll definitely be full after it, youll still crave more.The chicken for the chicken and waffles had the perfectly seasoned breading on it and the waffle was light and large and really doesnt need any syrup. Im usually not a fan of sweet potato anything, but that hash is phenomenal. They all complimented each other so well.The service was great as well. I loved all the reclaimed  and dark wood that was everywhere. It made it feel warm and inviting.This is permenantly on my "Must go to" list for Chicago. Highly, HIGHLY recommended.My boyfriend and I went to L&E right after work on a Monday night and were seated immediately. The interior was warm and nostalgic and we were promptly greeted by our server. We were impressed with everything we ordered and appreciated the input of our server when we asked q's about the menu. I was also impressed with the amount of food coming out of such a tiny kitchen. It's true, the portions are on the small side, but I usually find that my eyes are bigger than my stomach. I don't like leaving a restaurant uncomfortably full...I do like leaving feeling like I tried something new and it was amazing. :)Longman & Eagle is one of the best gastropub-restaurant experiences I've had in Chicago since I moved here four months ago.Pros:-The atmosphere is warm, romantic and comfortable. It's hip but not unwelcoming.-The staff is wonderful. Really. Everybody that's ever waited on my table has been friendly and knowledgable. -The bone marrow, the skirt steak and and the foie gras over toasted funnel cake are my favorites. I also love the cocktail menu. Although, I don't recommend the Harvest Sidecar--it had a strange aftertaste. I couldn't finish it.-The dessert is worth making room for. What I ordered was unusual, but an interesting experience overall. I recommend ordering something light instead of the heavy, chocolate desserts. I made that mistake the first time I went, and I thought I was going to pass out from all of the richness.Cons:-Arrive before 7PM because the wait can be brutal. Especially on the weekends. Arrive at 5:30!-The tables/seating arrangements are a little too close together. Prepare to overhear conversations.A-A solid 4 star rating.  I am a fan.  Not a superfan.  But I'd go back here again and probably enjoy myself, as I did the first time.We had a large-ish group, and we knew going in that we were not going to sit together or even eat at the same time.  So be it, eez cool.  That was pretty much the attitude I had for the whole evening.  The drinks are tasty and strong, and I dig the whole $3 whiskey shots thing.  The space is tiny and crammed and noisy, but well-decorated.  I never felt clausterphobic.  Waitstaff was knowledgeable.  And hip.  Hipper than I am.  I felt like I gained 50+ hip points after dining here.The food was just delicious.  The pretzel with the welsh rarebit on the side was umamilicious.  The short ribs with a side of parsnip puree blobbed into a friggin' bone were just unctuouslydumscious. Ha, I just made up words.  See how cool I am now that I've dined here?  I'm just creating language left and right.  The price was high, but the quality was pretty high too, so there it is.  Know that going in.The only mishap was that the rest of our group who arrived a little late wound up getting our table when we had left.  So even though they were told it'd only be an hour and a half, it wound up being more like 2.5 hrs for a wait for them.  So minus one star for that.After my first trip here, I was ready to give this place 5 stars.  I had the wild boar sloppy joe, which was excellent, and an Old Fashioned, which was even better.  I also tried their Manhattan, which was good, but paled in comparison to the Old Fashioned.  Also, I found their much-touted selection of brown liquors to be as good as advertised.The second time I went back I tried the duck rillettes and the seared scallops.  The rillettes were quite good, but the scallops left me wanting more.  There were two of them.  For thirteen dollars. That said, I'm still a big fan, just more of the "pub" than the "gastro".Update:  I've been back many times since writing this review, and I have to say, this place really is the standard to which all gastropubs should aspire.We came in late night right before the kitchen closed. It was slammed both at the bar and the tables. Our server was great but seemed a little on edge because of how busy they were.The buffalo sweatbreads with aerated ranch was great. The bone marrow was delish and crave it. The vegitarian option was great too. I wish I would have gone with that for how hungry I was.No complaints here, In fact, they have everything: hip logo, hip staff, hip menu.....it's just too hip for its own good. I can only imagine what is on the server's ipod. He seems like a good guy and all, but you know he has the whitest playlist on his iphone4. Probably some garage stuff or even worse: "folk." Bascially, I gave this place four stars, so i can make fun of it, and not be a complete jerk. Yeah, The sandwich was awesome and filling... boar meat i think it was.Here are some words to describe L&E:Pretentious.  Curt.  Small portions.  Over-priced.  Crowded.  Hipster.I've been there a few times and was totally disappointed with the food each visit.  It's super salty (as at least one other reviewer notes), and just uninspired.  I understand the concept of small portions and high-ish prices when the food is excellent/sustainable/local etc, but there is nothing special about the menu.  My friend got some kind of soft shell crab dish and it was fried in what I swear to god tasted exactly like McDonald's fish fillet batter.  Maybe they've worked out a trade with the McDondald's down the street to reuse their old oil.  I think L&E should scrap the restaurant and focus on cocktails & whiskey.You can do way better over at Telegraph around the corner for your meal.Everything you've heard is true. The drinks are fabulous and the decor is spot on. I can't speak for the food as I only wanted to come in and try some of the drinks. Totally worth it. I had a Dante's Paradise and a Word Find. Both were complex drinks that satisfied. I also recommend grabbing a $3 shot off of the whiskey wall. Ask for something interesting that one is unlikely to find at a liquor store. So good!The food was very good. Don't get me wrong. However, we waited over 3 hours (we were told at 6:15 that it would be 2-3 hours and didn't get seated until closer to 10) and didn't finish our meal until after 11:00. We had to wait quite a while for drinks (20-30 minutes typically). The pork cheek, bone marrow and Asian pear were all excellent and our waiter was very knowledgeable, when we could get him. I saw all of this as a management issue really. More bartenders and better hostesses were needed. It really took away from what should have been a special meal.Quickly becoming my go to spot. Was there last night and my meal was simply delightful. Roasted bone marrow will actually call me out of my house to come and enjoy it, once it's in my head I can't help but drop what I am doing and head to L&E for a plate of the unctuous and rich marrow spread over perfectly grilled sourdough with bacon shallot jam to help balance out the richness. The roasted lobster appetizer provided immediate warmth and richness. I'm so pleased when places treat lobster like a red meat, as it can stand up to so much more than people think; and the chef knocked it out of the park. Finished with the pan roasted skate and it was perfect. Roasted chanterelles and picked cabbage lend enough body and balance to make this dish sing. But Alan, the bartender, made my experience great. Always attentive, entertaining, knowledgeable, even helping me satiate my craving for a beverage that wasn't on the menu. Timing was excellent, this kitchen rocks amazing food at an incredible pace. So kudos to the team at Longman & Eagle. I am already looking forward to my next craving of marrow!I'm tempted to write about what an amazing place this is...but that will only mean I won't ever get a table! So, instead I'm going to tell all of you that you probably won't like it ;)...you should definitely stay away from this place...hehe, yeah....don't bother.It's often difficult to find places that know they are good, and are not going to try as hard as they can to make you feel like you need to exit bowing to them. L&E is one of those places, with food that is memorable and meticulous.FOOD- Venison Pate: though I'm not usually a fanatic of pate de campagne sorts, this one actually had that moist, spreadable richness that store-bought counterparts lack and replace with crumbles that fall off your toast and embed themselves into the carpet that's always somehow white. There was a hint of some clove and great spice. The pickled cauliflower cut through the spread with some mild acid. - Olives: it's weird to review olives. However, the freshness of olives sometimes hints at what to expect for later, much like how a dirty bathroom can equate to a similar-looking back kitchen. Light brine, not overly oiled, and unmuddled in flavor, these were generous portions that almost all the tables seemed to get. - Headcheese: Reminded me less of the cured kind of headcheese and more of the taste and texture of a well-braised pork shoulder. The quail egg spilling over the top of it definitely helped the dish out. Again, pickled vegetables (this time onions) were a plus. - Gruyere Donuts: savory desserts that are not just appetizers pretending to be desserts are rare finds. This one had the softness that resembled beignets and that nice nuttiness that worked. SERVICEThe busboy was really concerned about our dishes of only half-eaten food. Apparently, he believed that we were ready to throw in the towel after a whole half the pate was left, and a third of the gruyere donuts sat there still warm. After the fourth attempt to collect our food, my tone for "no" started to sound more confused than polite. He never came back after that. I preferred his absence over having to feel like a cheetah guarding a catch from hyenas. Busy nights at a popular restaurant sometimes inevitably suffers the consequence of being too successful with a shortage of waitstaff. However, for the time and circumstance, it could have been much worse. Come here before 5:30 on the popular days, and the wait is less than 10 min. Come here after 7pm and you will be drunk by the time they show you your table.I've been meaning to come to Longman&Eagle but the no reservations turned me off (that and the hike to Logan Square).  Yes, it took me forever to get a cab home but it was worth it.  I was quite surprised by the decor.  It definitely is different than the standard Michelin spot.  It is very casual and casual dress.  The rustic feel is relaxing and the attire worn by staff seems to be intentionally hipster to fit the neighborhood.  It does seem like more of a neighborhood spot as opposed to a Michelin spot (by design I'm sure).  It is on the small side but got there just after 5 on a Sunday and no wait at all.  The wait really didn't start until about 6:30 so I'll likely take advantage of that next time.  Our server was extremely knowledgeable on both the food and drink menus.  The service itself was attentive but not rushed and I actually really liked how they spaced out the food.  We had 5 small plates (I can't help myself, would much prefer this to a huge entree) and they started with one bar bite, then brought two, and then the last two, giving us about 15 minutes to breathe in between, which I thought was perfect.We started with the frog legs.  It was a last minute decision and my second favorite thing of the night.  We hadn't had frog legs in a while because they were taken off the menu at the place we normally would get them so my  husband really wanted them.  The legs were really big and super juicey.  The meat fell off the bones.  The buffalo sauce was light and flavorful as opposed to heavy and the blue cheese mousse was awesome.  Even if you're not a blue cheese fan you should try just because the texture is that good.  The pickled carrots and celery were a nice touch.  We then got lamb tartar and marrow.  I'm going to quote a chef I know who, when asked if I should get the marrow, replied that once you've had Jimmy's (as in Bannos Jr.), all others fail by comparison.  I happy to agree with that.  It wasn't the Pig but it was good nonetheless.  I am more of a purist when it comes to great food so I do not like mixing in too many other things.  I tasted the bacon jam, but most of it I picked up the marrow bone and just scooped that onto the bread on its own.  The lamb tartar was very tasty, but again I am more of a purist and I felt there was quite a bit going on and would prefer a little less (for me with tartar, less is more).  The rabbit loin wrapped in bacon was very tasty.  I mean, it's wrapped in bacon.  I had to forgo one of my go-tos of foie gras to get this but I've had foie gras a million times and bacon wrapped rabbit probably  never, so I think I made the right decision.  The real star for me was the sweetbreads.  Holy!  They prepare them Southern style so they have some sausage gravy, mini biscuits with some phenomenal honey glaze, and fried green beans.  Seriously this honey stuff should be bottled and sold.  It was honey but not too sweet.  All together they fit so well.  I really wanted ice cream but I'm a savory dessert eater and they were out of the savory ice cream that day.  I was pretty stuffed anyway at that point!  My advice to those deciding whether to go is go early during the week and get the frog legs and sweetbreads (the best I've ever had).  You'll thank me!I also have to say for some negative vegetarian reviews on here, I think that's ridiculous.  This is one of the few restaurants I've sat down at and there was a separate vegetarian menu for those that want to go against evolution.  Kudos to the postcard making fun of one of the world's dumbest Yelp! reviews!  I found that hilarious.  Obviously that person knows more than the people at Michelin, lol.  Well done L&E, well done.You could miss it if you aren't looking hard enough. The food is good, the drinks are good, the folks are friendly. Great choice in out trip up from Atlanta. The lobster is delish.Worth all the hype.  I took my brother and sister in law who were visiting from San Diego and had heard about this place.  We arrived late on a Sunday night and were pleased that there was no wait! We started with 4 different cocktails and all four were refreshing and had a good kick.  Then we ordered a variety of small plates, my favorite of which was the buffalo sweetbread.  The suckling pig was also well done.  For dessert, the coconut fritters were outstanding and the sweet corn churros were also good.  The only gripe I had was the steep $25 corkage fee; I think that if the party spent some money on liquor- which was the case for our group- that fee should've been waived.  All in all a great experience but I was spoiled by the no wait that I'm not sure if I can tolerate the hour- if not longer- wait."A whiskey bar with a killer kitchen"  is what the bartender mumbled to me.Of course calling him simply a "Bartender" was a bit of a misnomer.   This was a master mixologist... carefully blending flavors and textures together as he magically created a potion so magical it had no name.   Well, at least none that I remember.   I blame the whiskey.A good bartender knows the art of the show.    We all sat captivated watching him play with the poison.   Like Tom Cruise in cocktail, just taller, smarter and not believing in alien creatures who desire our souls.An instant new favorite.4.5 stars.Pork belly confit over butternut risotto with roasted chestnuts and apples is one of the best dishes I've ever had in Chicago, and quite frankly, the entire country.  Pork belly was crispy on the outside, tender on the inside, and just so flavorful (not much fat either).  AMAZING.  The risotto and apples helped to balance out the richness of the pork belly.  Seared scallops with braised oxtail and potato gnocchi - everything about this dish was great.  Scallops were perfectly seared, and gnocchi is among the best I've had.  Oxtail is always a win.Some of the other dishes were just mediocre -- the bone marrow and the burger.  Service was great.I agreed to meet up with a friend for Sunday Brunch and Longman & Eagle was the place that came highly recommended. I set off on my adventure and found out the hard way that the place is way outside the city. Luckily there is a blue line stop nearby. I read the reviews before and I could not find many referencing brunch so I thought it might be discontinued but don't worry, they are still serving and it is still popular as ever. There were three of us so our hour wait turned into a 90+ minute wait even though there were tables that had been cleared. They might not take reservations, yet it seemed as though there was a secret deal that if you dressed like a hipster and acted like a hipster, you'd get seated first because our name had been in a lot longer than others seated before us... Luckily, they have a bar you can sit at to deal with the incredibly long wait. We ordered some mimosa's and my friend ordered the Kentucky Vecchio. The description states that there's some draft iced coffee, if by draft they mean two sips then they are correct. The drink was incredibly strong as well as sweet. My friend had to order coffee to mix with it so be warned, the drink is potent. Once we were seated and ordered our meals, things got better. Our waiter was a bit out of it but I think that's because he'd been having a pretty busy morning. I ordered the salmon benedict. The presentation as well as the meal was excellent. The poached egg was a little more runny than I would have liked but that's really the only part I can criticize because it was that good. The salmon was fresh and a large serving, the bread was just the right bit of toasty and the hollandaise sauce had the perfect zing. Overall, if you don't mind waiting and putting up the hipster crowd, the food is worth it!Jona W. hit it on the head with her comment about "wild crimson fennel" lol.  The food wasn't that bad though.  It was creative and, for the most part, flavorful.Their small menu has shied me away from visiting L&E again, fearing that I would repeat choices already ordered by the previous dinner party.Overall, it's worth a try and gets brownie points for creativity, but loses out on value.  So far, only Kuma's has validated a $15 burger.  If you go, order per the chef's recommendations, and you will be pleasantly surprised.Overall, dinner was great. Here is why I took off two stars:1. The fries weren't good. If you are going to be a gastropub -- especially one that advertises bougie fries -- they ought to be good. Their fries were disappointing.2. Portion size was verged on ridiculous, at least on bar snacks. The buffalo sweetbreads were amazing... All 2 bites of them. I would have gladly paid more to get more. They were advertised as snacks, but it came out looking more like an amuse bouche.2a. Similarly, they advertise all these fancy elements on their menu, such as "absinthe foam" in their mussels. The server even mentioned this as a highlight to the dish. But there were so many elements to these small plates that none of them were highlighted. I had two whiffs of absinthe foam before it was gone.3. They don't do anything for birthdays. All I got was a candle, which was placed at such an angle in my dessert that it dripped hot wax onto my pants.So yummy.Stopped by at 7:30 on Thursday night for dinner and were seated right away.  Love the interior - easy to talk in the backroom where we were seated.  We started with some booze that we enjoyed while consuming the fun amuse bouche (olive tapenade with goat cheese on a crackery thing).  Kobe meatballs were outstanding as was the Brandade with potato chips.  We split the sunchoke soup (with scallops - yum) and some kind of pasta-y thing with escargot for our next course.  Both were very good.  The pasta thing had a fabulous sauce, but the escargot were a little tough.  Finally, had the cheese plate for dessert and it was SO worth it.  Don't remember the types of cheeses, just that they were delicious.  Overall, dig it a whole lot.  Ambiance was great, service was great, food was great.  The menu item names are a little fancy schmancy.  I'll definitely be back.A gastropub that puts other gastropubs to shame. We started with drinks outdoors at the patio bar lined with picnic tables, then moved inside when the rest of our party arrived. They don't accept reservations, so make friends with your lovely hostess. We asked the waiter to bring us his favorite dishes and enjoyed a variety of imaginative--and smallish--entrees (lots o' meat, beef marrow, etc.) If you enjoy whiskey, just cab over now--they offer an eclectic selection at $3 a shot. There's no need to put off your nirvana any longer. Tip: Try to get a room so you can say overnight above the bar. They were booked while I was in town (design conference week+only six rooms=no dice) but you may get lucky.Wow.  Honestly the best waffle that I have ever had.  That + fried chicken + sweet potato and pork belly hash...I was full all day and completely satisfied.  It was the perfect mix of sweet/savory and no matter that I was full to the brim I just kept eating. I cannot wait to go back for another meal!  Seriously- get your butt to L&E ASAP!Doesn't get much better all around package than Longman & Eagle. The food is top notch (don't miss the bar snacks), the beer and whiskey selection is of the highest quality and pretty deep. The bloody mary for brunch is excellent and the desserts (don't miss the Fernet Float/Fizz if they have it). Basically everything here is really good and tasty.Another gem here is that there is a hotel / B&B above the restaurant. The rooms are really cool and all the amenities are excellent. So in theory you can basically live at Longman & Eagle and be forever happy.Ohhhh L&E what oh what do I do with you? Your food is inventive, interesting, and delicious if not a bit on the scant side.  On one occasion a salad arrived as just lettuce - where were the ingredients?!?! No real worries, it was brought to a servers attention and another was expedited in the blink of an eye. Their Manhattan is delicious. I would like to spread the acclaim on 3 others but they were out...?!? How do you run out of 3 house cocktails by 7pm?Service can be a mixed bag. Yes your servers are the hippest of the hipsters and depending who brings what you might get a side of attitude with your gnuddi. But you might also forget your jacket and umbrella and have the nicest front of house have it in their graces.Friends happened to be staying at the hotel adjacent to L&E and there are all sorts of perks such as reservations at the restaurant, poker chips in exchange for bourbons. Rooms are nicely appointed while minibar is a little rich.I'd give L&E 5 stars if they could be more consistent and cut the attitude, because really they're pretty genius on the food frontier. Asparagus risotto, gnuddi, cheese plate, compressed melon salad, chocolate trifle, coconut custard are all worth your time and taste buds.....Yes, I'll be back. No, I won't get a room. Yes, I'll eat but I will try the burger. Had the steak and it was not great. It was way too salty, tough, and it lacked anything that went with it. The entree lists asparagus, but they didn't say it was just decoration (three little tips). The desert was good, but not out of this world. I love that they have $3 Old Style and $3 whiskey pours. In this economy, it's nice to know that if you're broke before payday, you can at least have a cheap beer to get out of the house. The space is beautiful. The layout is not the typical shotgun room you find in Chicago (long bar, narrow space). The decor is simple but elegant. It reminds me of a high end pub in London's Camden Town (same type of vibe too).   One thing to be aware of is the 'hood rats if you go late at night. It is too close to Diversy Ave, where they tent to congregate. Try and avoid parking towards Diversy if you drive.Maybe my boyfriend and I just came in on an off night, because I'm trying to figure out why everyone is falling over themselves talking about how good this place is. Because really, it's kind of disappointing. I had the burger and fries. The fries were wayyy too salty. How hard is it to make tasty fries? How hard is it for the chef to try one before he sends the plate out? The burger was quite yummy, until I got to the last 3 or 4 bites which were very peppery. I'm talking about chunks of black pepper in those last few bites. Bleh. That was too bad, because that perfectly pink burger was delicious until I got to that part. My boyfriend had the scallops. He said they were incredibly tasty scallops, however all that was on his plate was 2 verrryyy tiny scallops. 2 ridiculously small scallops for $12? C'mon, get off your high horse Longman & Eagle.I wouldn't recommend this place, even though I really wanted to like it.Longman and Eagle being only 10 minutes away from my apartment, has become a place I frequent fairly often.  I've done breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  So far, dinner has been the best, followed by lunch, and then very sadly, breakfast comes in last.  Breakfast is my favorite meal, and vegetarian-wise, there's usually plenty of options.  Not so much at L&E.  I had a very disappointing Morel omelette here this summer--it tasted kind of grainy.  Now when we go for brunch, I usually opt for the "unch" more than the breakfast.For dinner, options are good, and to top it off, the food is GREAT.  My favorite so far has been the Welsh Rarebit.  It had me diving through my cookbooks when I got home to see if I could find a good pretzel recipe.  Ambiance wise, L&E has it going on.  A little dark on the inside, but has a nice casual feel with waiters wearing jeans and button-ups.  I like that they give you a water bottle at your table.  Oh yeah, and the bartending is fabulous.  You can pretty much order any drink you can think of, so go for it!We went for brunch.  Beermosa, duck hash, crab benedict, homemade sausage.  Does it get any better than that?  I'm telling you it doesn't. :)Right off the Logan Blue Line, L&E is a great addition to the neighborhood.  We enjoyed our meal, ate at the bar because all the tables were full.  Great & friendly staff and service.  We really enjoyed ourselves!!I definitely want to come back and try some of the other dishes on the menu.  It looks so fantastic.  The bar is great, they have a great drink selection.  I would go a bit earlier in the day or night because waiting for a table seems to be an issue.We really liked the place and will be back again and again and again! :)Wow-o-wow!Tastiest lunch I  have had in a long time!!We ordered:-English Pea Soup-Pork Rillette-Pork Belly BLTThe English Pea Soup was fresh and sweet.  Remember that english pea soup is not served hot. It's served cool.  It had an elegant finish because of the truffle oil and lots of whole peas floating along the bottom.  This dish is probably not for everyone but it was definitely good eats.The pork rillette was tasty tasty.  I love rillette a lot. It's slow cooked pork and then formed into a spreadable form (i'm sure with the addition of some pork fat).  Mmmmmm mmmmm goood.  It was accompanied by a small green salad (with meier lemon vinaigrette), an apricot compote, whole grain mustard, and cornichons.  Scrumptous!The pork belly BLT was A.M.A.Z.I.N.G!!!  First of all, its HUGE! Secondly the pork belly was seasoned (possibly brined) perfectly.  There is a LOT of pork belly meat as opposed to just fat.  Their secret sauce is an aioli of some kind that really made the whole thing meld together perfectly.  We added a fried egg on top and that was really the BEST sandwich I have ever had.  Don't forget to eat it with pickled onions and tomato fennel jam.  Truly amazing! I literally used a fork and knife to eat this bad boy!  So tasty!!! The beef-fat fries were equally flavorful and tasty, but the BLT was a homerun!Love love love it here. Superb eats, L&E! I'll be back.And now, a poem:Hands downTHE BESTmac & cheeseI haveEVER tasted. This mac & cheese is not for the purist. With itssweet cherry tomato confitbitter arugulasavory market mushroomscreamy mornay sauce and dunbarton bluebread crumbsand a few drips of basil oil this mac & cheese is for the perfectionist.*In addition to a fantastic meal, L&E has friendly servers and great cocktails. It was literally the first place we went to after arriving in Chicago and it'll be my first stop the next time I go back.There are only two things you need to know about this slice of Americana:1.  It has food that will really stick to your ribs.2.  The bar is to die for.  It's where my obsession with bourbon began.I shall return.One of my favorite restaurants in Chicago with my favorite drink of all time!!! Dante's Paradise- smoky citrus with a kick. Affordable with a fancy Michelin star on top! Trendy without a pretentious atmosphere and great down-to-earth service.I absolutely LOVE small plates because you get to try so many things. Creative, playful menu with great flavors and spins on old favorites. Delicious bone marrow, soft gougeres, kentucky fried quail, and amazing scallops. I'm not even a fan of rabbit but enjoyed the deconstructed rabbit pot pie. Drool!Can't wait to try this place out for brunch!I have only been here for brunch, 3+ visits or so.The service here is always super friendly. I particularly liked my server on one visit. He was a bit larger fellow who took time to personally chat and get to know our table. He also talked us into getting a donut, but I was there with friends from out of town and it was kind of like one of those "yes" to everything kind of weekends.The beer prices are pretty standard and fairly priced. The bloody mary (it was actually a Bloody Lawrence) is one of the better ones I have had around the city. Obviously house made.Burger - All high quality ingredients. There is no way you could be disappointed by this belly busterDuck Hash - Pretty tasty and fairly rich. Although i'm not huge on eggs or duck.Boar Sloppy Joe - Pretty good, definitely worth a try.Chicken & Waffles - It's chicken and waffles, but the best damn chicken and waffles I've ever had. The quality of chicken along with the execution makes for some of the tastiest fried chicken I've ever hadMac n' Cheese - I would definitely pass on this. Looked good on paper, but did not live up expectations. I remember it as kind of bland and not cheesy enough.Initially, I thought this was my first "gastropub" experience.  Looking back, I have been to similar places around the city but never really understood the concept.  Longman & Eagle clearly established what a gastropub should be and how really disappointing the others were.My friend had been there before and asked the waitress if she would just bring out a combination of small plates and two entrees to share.  She was very agreeable and selected five different dishes, each of them fantastic.  I also had the best manhattan (two actually) that I have ever had. The closest comparison I can make is that the food at L&E in a way reminded me of One Sixty Blue, but more lively and much less expensive.We got there around 5:30 on a Thursday night and about half of the tables were already occupied.  They don't take reservations and other than the bar that also fills quickly, there isn't really anyplace to wait.  The crowd is mixed, but predominately hipsters sporting Grizzly Adams beards that are apparently popular with the kids now-a-days.  The other standout is that other customers stop to chat about what you are eating.  It's like having a collective foodie experience. Next visit I'm certainly going to have the boar sloppy joes.  I never actually saw one, but just the smell of them was indescribable.I actually like this place, but after last Sunday, I can't stand up for them anymore.I had a friend in from out of town who specifically wanted to come here.  He had heard about it and we decided to to brunch here.  Sadly, the whole thing was a disaster.Waiting, waiting,  waiting....Seriously, there are more empty tables than full tables in the dining room (and the back room was empty) and yet we can't get a table.  It's a 45 minute wait.  Why are we standing up?Eventually we get seated.... After about an hour.  At one of the tables that was open for an hour.  Why couldn't we have sat there the whole time?The food comes.  The server sits my plate next to my girlfriend and then sits my friends plate next to an empty seat.  No seriously.....Nobody sitting there.  Who was that food going to?  Meanwhile.  My girlfriend's food doesn't come out for another five minutes.Other people talk about the attitude and pretentiousness.  I actually like this place and try to stick up for it.  I don't know if I can anymore.  I don't think it's a pretentious thing.  I just think that they got their Michelin star and don't care anymore.Came for Brunch last Thursday.Ate the Peekytoe Crab Benedict.Sampled the Wild Boar Sloppy Joe.Drank a Bitter Whisper.Paid $25.Left Enormously Satisfied.I LOVED this place!I was so excited about the Three Floyds paired menu that they had the night we went, but it sold out JUST before we sat down.  That sucked, but I got over it because the meal we did have was awesome!  Plus, we got to at least taste the beers that were to be paired with the food.  Love 3 Floyds, they're so fun!We had (I'll try to remember it all):Pork Rillettes, Scallops, Foie, Sweetbreads, Shortrib, Venison and damn, I forget, but there was more.  There were 4 of us and we loved EVERYTHING!In fact the only dish that was not perfect for me was the meatballs?  Also, one of the best Old Fashioneds I have had!The server was pretty on top of things, and answered questions knowledgeably.  I will be back for sure!!!Oh, yum. I had a wonderful meal here last week. My boyfriend and I arrived at old-people time so we didn't have to wait for a seat, which was delightful. We started off with the pickles and marbled rye appetizer, which was a perfect little nibble. We also shared the pumpkin ravioli with browned butter, walnuts and huckleberries. This was exactly as tasty as it sounds and I wanted it to be my entree. However, because I have the appetite of three grown men, I also ordered the butternut squash risotto entree, which could have been a hair warmer but was rich and creamy deliciousness. The boyfriend was craving a burger and fries and was not disappointed.Finally, not satisfied with the amount of harm already perpetrated upon my body, I decided that we needed to share the crazy cheese doughnut dessert. It's just ridiculous and heavenly and wrong but very, very right. If you're into the sweet-savory thing, don't skip it.I can't imagine how this place doesn't have a five star average.  The food is out of this world.  The buffalo sweetbreads made me close my eyes and MOAN.  Oh yes, moan.  Don't even get me started on the doughnuts.  Holy foodgasms, Batman.The wait on a Saturday night was long, but we were able to snag a bar spot and ordered food there.  The bartenders were helpful, friendly, and made the best whiskey sour I've ever had (I'm not really a whiskey drinker but hey, when in Rome).If you go in there with the understanding that you're going to have to wait, the food will be worth it.  I wish they had more space, and REALLY wish hey took reservations, but what can you do? I'll be back.My favorite was the wild boar sloppy joe.Donut dessert was pretty awesome.  Worth eating gluten for if you are only mildly intolerant.YO THIS IS THE SPOT! This place was extremely well put together. Great blend of contemporary design with downright colonial millwork and feel. They take gastropub to that next level son -- none of this intestinal or gaseous business. I mean, I suppose when it comes down to it you could call it a Gastropub, but I would consider this contemporary American gourmet with an emphasis on the civil war (the wall paint is reminiscent of the Confederate Army's uniform (among other things)). Gastropub seems so..... German. This is American (which I suppose you could argue holds very strong German roots, but that's beside my point).Meal display is great, ambiance superb, and fuck the food is good!The waitstaff seems new, but so is the place so I'll cut them some slack.So I love brown liquor. Bourbon and Rye and Whisky and Scotch. My pals. This place loves them too so I knew things would work out between us. I tried the bourbon flight - it's $12 for three tiny tasting amounts but it was worth it for the variety. Then the bartender, who looked kind of like Mario the Hero of Video Games, made me the best Sazerac I have ever had (and I'm from New Orleans, so that is quite a compliment.) Only problem: The bar is not very big, and they don't allow you to sit at a table unless you're ordering food. We ordered some small plates, but that was not enough to warrant a table and I had to stand for most of the evening since there weren't enough barstools to go around. AND - more bike parking would be SWEET!It's fun.  But the food is just OK.  My friend's sloppy joe was very very salty, I tasted it also and couldn't stand it.  But my risotto was good.  Drinks were good, scallop appetizer was also good.My friend says he won't go back with me and that's final.Went here with an old friend I hadn't seen in over five years, and our waiter Ryan was immediately attentive to the fact that we were here to catch up and enjoy a long friendly meal and conversation.  He paced the plates perfectly, and even expressed his concern that the pumpkin ravioli came too soon as we hadn't quite cleared the grape apple salad.  We didn't send a single plate back with a spot of food or sauce on it... and even licked the bowl of the pumpkin ravioli clean, it was like an f'n dessert mid-meal!!!  Back to the beginning, we started with the meatballs over polenta... the polenta was whipped super light and it's creaminess complimented the super meaty meatballs perfectly. From there things only got better.  We split the grape and apple salad and moved onto the pumpkin ravioli... (I am going back later this week just to have this dish once again!)  I cannot even begin to describe it, other than what I wrote above.  Finally we finished with the Steak and Eggs... The "sunny side up" or soft cooked egg was perfectly cooked inside the perfectly cooked, and I assume home-made ravioli wrapper... (or whatever you call that deliciously al-dente wheat based skin...)Come dessert, WTF, I cannot remember dessert... I remember it was really really good, but we were food comatose by this point and in sheer bliss... I checked out the menu online... We shared the warm gruyere donuts... again, f'n amazing!  Ryan our awesome waiter brought us an aperitif gratis and shared a few (more) laughs with us while we enjoyed the drinks before serving us with the check, which was beyond reasonable for such an amazing experience in life & food!   Cheers L&E we'll see you soon, if not sooner!There were three of us for brunch.We were there for brunch so there was a wait.Apparently there was a miscommunication and when we were seated at the inside table that had been vacant for the previous 25 mins they were surprised that we wanted an outside table. Whatevs....we sat down and proceeded with the meal.Our server Brendan was awesome. He was friendly, patient, and an all-around good server. He was someone I could picture myself hanging out with. Thanks for being so welcoming Brendan.I had te Fried Chicken, Waffles, Sweet Potato & Pork Belly Hash, Maple Syrup and a side of housemade breakfast sausage....YUM and double YUM.One of my friends had the exact same thing as me and another had the Housemade Biscuits and Slagel Family Farms Pork Sausage Gravy with scrambled eggs. This was super tasty too...I think because it had some of that housemade sausage in it.There is a huge drink menu...not just for brunch but they even have a huge selection of beers for other meals too.We also shared some sort of fruit filled donut. Out of this world!One other thing I noticed when there that I do not care for is the location of the restrooms.In the back room there is seating and tables set up just like in front. There were couple seated facing the restroom doors.....gross. I will definitely be back, this was a great time.Bike parking on street.Went for brunch on a short weekend trip to Chicago. The place was quite busy but got a seat after about 30min wait. The food was slightly disappointing. A couple of the dishes, especially the duck egg hash was overly salty. The pork belly was creative and tender but I thought it lacked flavor. The crab benedict was well executed.Overall wasn't overly impressed with the meal.Let me describe the least exciting thing on the brunch menu: the PBR Breakfast (eggs, potatoes, bacon, and a beer). The potatoes are fried in a buttery goodness that leaves them soft with a crispy, not crunchy, exterior. They are heaven. The scrambled eggs were, no joke, amazing. I know, I know. I can't put my finger on it and I feel like an asshole for saying so, but yes, the scrambled eggs were so, so good. Bacon. It was everything you ever hoped bacon could be. And that was just what my friend ordered; my dish was way better. In fact, everyone's food was better than that. If I tried to describe the granola, the chicken and waffles, or the french toast, I might have a stroke. The food is a five, a six really. The drinks are fine. The whiskey selection is impressive. But the wait and service can be a little hit or miss.It was a busy Sunday, but my friend and I ended up finding seats at the bar immediately to avoid the 1-hour wait.  I had the duck egg hash and my friend ordered the whole hog crepinette.My duck egg hash was actually a bit bland.  The only things that had flavor were the tiny, sparse pieces of duck in there.  I had to pretty much bury the thing in hot sauce to extract some flavor from it.I had a bite of my friend's crepinette.  While I admit the hog was very tender and extremely full of flavor, maybe it was just a bit too sweet for my taste.  I like savory things for breakfast, and this dish pushed the limit with its strong hints of maple.L&E is definitely a decent place with an extensive alcohol menu.  The brunch was a bit lackluster IMO, but maybe I'll try dinner next time and hope I come out amazed.On a "cost-per-unit-of-enjoyment" basis, L&E served up arguably one of the best meals my wife and I have ever had in our lives. No kidding.We went on a Thursday night on a total whim. We were driving right by it and were both hungry, so we stopped in to see what the wait was. By the time we had ordered and paid for our first beers, the hostess came over and led us to a nice two person table in the back room. Great atmosphere - dimly lit, simply (but tastefully) decorated, and an attractive crowd.After we ordered, the waitress brought over an amuse-bouche that had us licking the palm-sized plates clean. It was a drop of a delicious sweet cheese that I don't recall bathed in an apple soup and some sort of maple syrup-based sauce. Wow. What a way to start the meal.Then she brought over our appetizers, we had the braised lamb with miniature penne, a delicately prepared vegetarian agnolotti, and their home-marinated olives. They were all spectacular. The portions were appropriately sized given the flavors and richness of each dish and left us wanting more. Again, we were practically licking our plates clean.I was in the mood for a burger (afterall it is a gastropub, right?) and talked my wife into splitting one with me. We were not disappointed. The bacon it came with had clearly been prepared in a smoker for hours (if not days!). It was melt-in-your-mouth delicious. The burger too was perfectly cooked, juicy, and well spiced and served on a delicate brioche. The beef fat fries were a great compliment too.We skipped dessert out of sheer fullness, but the list looked delicious nonetheless.But the best part of all was when the waitress came over with the bill: $44 (excluding the two beers we ordered at the bar). $44!!! I practically fell out of my chair. We would have happily paid $144 for the quality of the food we were served. I've had better overall meals in my life, but I've never had a meal that tasted so good for $44 (or $64, $84, and probably $104 either).And that's why I say that that meal was among the best on a "cost-per-unit-of-enjoyment" basis that we've ever had. L&E definitely makes our list of frequent repeats!I have been looking for this place, as it turns out, my whole life.I know, Longman & Eagle wasn't made just for me - but when I walked in I felt like I had found MY bar.  Granted, I'm sure so many people have walked in and felt the same way, but how could you not?  This place is so meticulous about the art of beer and spirits and drink making that it would drive a person just looking to get completely wasted by pounding drink after drink nuts.  That's not the point when you come here (although, I must add, that after a few drinks you'll be off your rocker should you wish).  These guys will take 5 minutes on your drink and taste it before they give it to you to make sure it's up to par - and for only 8 bucks per drink you can't beat that.  Prime example of how much these guys care about their craft:  My girlfriend ordered a drink, got it, and while it was well made, realized she didn't like the taste of it.  She's not one to complain about drinks but figured she would ask for another one - worth a shot, right?  So she goes up to the bar and apologizes, but says she just doesn't quite like the drink she got - no questions asked, the bartender apologizes, takes her drink and makes her a different one based on the tastes she described she liked.  Flash forward 5 minutes and she's sitting next to me saying she's drinking the best cocktail she's ever had.This place rules, on top of the host buying my whole table a round of delicious whiskey shots and the steigl pils on tap in the back beer garden, there are still a million other great things I can say about this place.  The food, the ambiance, everything.  Truly great.We have been here several times and we have never been disappointed. The brunch is phenomenal.This dark candle-lit cabin of deliciousness stole my heart from the moment my bf and I entered. We don't even mind waiting sometimes 45 mins. because the bearded dude with glasses behind the bar knows what he's doing! Their cocktails are a lethal perfection of sweet, sour, and herby boozeness. They're so good that you forget you're drinking any alcohol and well the walk out of the restaurant feels like a scene out of Saturday night fever. It's so loud, the flickering candles look like a disco ball, and you're just boogie-ing on out of there. The first time we went my bf had the pork belly and I the chicken. My chicken was juicy and full of flavor, idk how they ever did that to a chicken! The second time I don't even remember what my bf had because my duck trio was so amazing! My absolute favorite, get it every time now is the bone marrow small plate that comes with toasted bread and a jelly spread. Together it all melts in your mouth like heaven! If you happen to stop in for drinks, do yourself a favor and try the bone marrow!!Beef fat fries... sooo good!So imagine me... my non-red meat/non-pork eating self... ordering brunch. I ordered the benedict (crabcake I think) which came out cold with a side of potatoes with DUCK in it! I had ordered the potatoes au gratin (meatfree) and instead got a side of duck-covered potatoes. So admittingly, my eating habits can be finnicky, but I don't love duck. So I asked for another side. Fries? Easy enough. "BTW miss, are you a pescatarian? The fries are cooked in beef-fat..." "Well kinda... I've had those fries before. It's okay..." Really I'm just thinking, "shut up and give me the damn fries... you already messed up my order." I know that it's completely ridiculous that I won't eat duck, but beef-fat is okay. I just really like those fries. Don't judge.Anyway, the food is really good, but I almost gave this place 3 stars, because on Father's Day, we waited over an hour for our food. My benedict was initially cold, and a cold poached egg is not so good. They brought me a whole new warm benedict with my beef-fat fries though. And they kept the drinks flowing (a free round) to appease us. The brunch drink with gin, mint syrup and cucumber is AWESOME, and I hate gin. I had three in one meal. Other than brunch, I've been here for drinks a few times. The drinks are really good, even though they serve mostly bourbon and whiskey. Unfortunately, you can't get a table unless you plan to order dinner. FYI restaurants make most of their money from alcohol sales, and the drinkers will eventually order food. You should let the drunks sit down!I'm done rambling. I'll be back. Classy, good food and drinks. Welcome to LS!(Oh I went with Cleona T... check out her review too!)After passing up a 2-hour wait here on a recent friday night, my boyfriend and I finally made it for dinner (on a much more reasonable monday.)  I arrived first, straight after a looooooooooooong day at work, and decided to treat myself to a cocktail while I waited.  The bartender, who was awesome, asked all kinds of questions about what I like in a drink, and he ended up picking a drink from the early 1900s.  It was so delicious, and clearly something I'd never have ordered otherwise.  I know this sort of bespoke cocktail making is very popular right now, but I'm not much of a drinker so I'd never experienced it before.  Major, major props to this awesome bartender.Once my boyfriend arrived, we still had about a 25 minute wait at the bar. Not too bad.  We were finally seated in the rear room, which was fine, though our table was kind weird. It was a two-top, but it was RIGHT NEXT to another two top, practically one table.  When a couple on a first date came and basically joined us, it was hard not to be distracted.  That's where my 1 point off comes from.Because, MAN, was this some good food. We had two starters-- meatballs and the pretzel with welsh rarebit.  I could have eaten that cheese sauce with a spoon. For our mains, we had butternut squash risotto and the wild boar sloppy joes.  The sandwich was excellent, but that risotto, WHOA.  amazing. So good! and clearly, we're not even vegetarians or anything!  mmmmmmmmm.  We were so stuffed we couldn't even get the highly anticipated gruyere donuts, which I'd tipsily been calling cheese donuts all night.  Oh well! We'll be back, for sure.  But it'll be on a Monday.Came here last night after a bourbon tasting somewhere else, I was starving but my friend, Pete wanted to try this place, figuring a Tuesday night wouldn't be that busy. Wrong. There were four people ahead of us and we thought we had said we'll put our name in but head to the bar. The bartenders were really great and attentive and I was about to rage out because of hunger so Pete thought it best to feed me before I did. He got Meatballs and polenta and the duck pate, plate. The meatballs were honestly the best thing I ate there, terrifically matched with the polenta and I scooped up some of it with my finger before they took it away. The pate was good-but pate is pate I think and the giardinere was all right. There were open tables, 2 two tops and eventually a 4 top and no one was seated there. NO ONE, 15 minutes later the host started seating people this ANNOYED THE HELL OUT OF ME! I'm not sure what their system was with server coverage but the host was not doing his job. I went to check and turned out he hadn't even put us on the list-which he didn't even mention to us after both of us went up there. We were seated and we split the bone marrow, boar sloppy joe and pork belly confit. The bone marrow was good-the flavor wasn't very noticeable and the tomato jam was really overpowering-it reminded me a lot of Sul-lung tang, a Korean soup made with boiled ox tail.The pork belly confit was good, really good but to me, it seemed like just a really good rack of ribs. A very tasty set of baby back ribs but that was just it.The boar sloppy joe was pretty good, there was a little tub of ketchup but it wasn't enough for both. I asked our server for one but it took him a while to bring it, saying something about "someone bringing one by, they should have but I brought you one anyway."...RiiiiiightGot a dessert but it was so forgettable I don't even remember what it was, keep in mind I was there last night.The service is so-so and for all the fanciness of their dishes remind of simple and cheap comfort foods then I don't think it's worth a repeat visit.I had romanticized this place after all the awesome reviews and feedback. I was also very impressed by the fact that they have a special vegetarian menu! The service was absolutely stellar - with the friendliest host in a while. The bartenders made me feel like I wanted to make best friends with them and share my life story (like they do in those B&W movies at neighborhood bar taverns)!The food was a little disappointing for me -- we started with the warm cheese gougeres, which had too much cheese in them and were too salty and a little low in flavor. The melon and fig salad was interesting but not so unique or innovative that we would give it some awards. Finally, the asparagus risotto was tiny in portion size, nothing creative, and not worth $17 by any justification!I'd recommend going back for drinks because there menu had a great selection, and the bar atmosphere was more fun than a sit-down dinner treat.Solid gastropub with lively atmosphere, great drinks, and good food.The old fashioned drink is superbly well done here -- very smooth with gorgeously cut cubes.The salad with green goddess dressing is only mediocre. The mackarel was tasty but nothing particularly special. The Piglet was surprisingly not in piglet form but nonetheless was tasty. The standout dish though that surpassed expectations was the brisket with bone marrow dumpling. The brisket wasn't tough, dry, or fatty -- it was unlike any I've had before.The desserts (churros and sundae) were only okay -- fancier versions of traditional favorites but didn't do enough to make it better than the traditional preparations.Services was very friendly and attentive.Longman&Eagle is very cool, although there tends to be a long line on weekend nights.Extensive whiskey list.Wild boar sloppy joe and burger are great value - they also do chicken&waffles, and brunch!I'm happy to say that this was one of the best meals I've had.  I know that's so cliche but it's true.  Thinking back to all the great food I've encountered this entire meal ranks right up there with memories that make even my taste buds misty....So the plan was...  go to Chicago, enjoy the city and food.  I wanted a special place though to take my girlfriend that would be memorable and amazing. (that entire paragraph actually ended up happening)  So L&E was my choice over all the other other options in Chicago.The restaurant, while on the corner, is almost hidden.  No signage really other than Eat, Sleep Whiskey.  We were greeted with a small and cute restaurant.  A blueish gray color that was accented with black that wrapped through the large bar you see first when opening the door.  The space is well utilized and very well balanced.  Not too pretentious, and not too "we're not trying to impress you"   Check out the ceiling in the back of the restaurant.Drinks:  I had the Goose Island Matilda.  Local and stellar. I fell in love with this beer.  For an appetizer we had the meatballs.  Three meatballs, though small, they were out of this world good sitting atop a creamy bed of perfectly cooked polenta and fonduta.  Entree:  I had the half chicken with macaroni and morels heirloom carrots and jus.  The chicken was cooked perfectly. Whoever says "taste's like chicken" is seriously eating well if this is their standard.The Morels and Mac were a good combination as well.  The mushrooms cooked perfectly provided a gentle earthiness to the dish that I thought brought everything together.My girlfriend had the Pork which was also stellar.  The risotto cooked perfectly and a smear of black garlic puree which was awesomely good.  Both dishes were overly satisfying and not too heavy. We shared the flourless chocolate cake.  Bacon Ice Cream?  Yes Please!  Red wine syrup and a molten inside.  A little bit of spice, sweet, chocolate and pig. A perfect way to end a wonderful meal.The service was really good.  Our actual server seemed a bit weeded, but the accompanying staff stepped in and assisted with plate clears, utensil resets and food running.  Overall the meal met and exceeded all of our expectations.   We talked about how rare it is to have a dining experience that impresses in every way.  L&E seems to have each step well conceptualized and executed.Quite pervasive with the scent of smoked meats. Not carniverous by any means, but I can recognize the smell of exquisitely executed fare when I come across it. Extensive whiskey list and a few carefully crafted $8 cocktails. This place is pretty much perfect for the appreciator of fine meats and whiskey.Unfortunately, of those things I am not a fan. However, I AM content sip on a beer ($2 PBR if you MUST) and enjoy the dark, intimate and warm atmosphere - a nice accompaniment to these still-too-cold Chicago nights.I had the Cauliflower dish when I came here not too long ago, as well as a mimosa which went great with it. Server was nice, we got to sit outside and enjoy the breeze. I love the decor of this place, I also appreciate that there is barely any signs to recognize it. I would definitely like to come back and try the breakfast next time!Just an FYI: they serve booze all day with the food so look no further if that's what you're in the mood for.I finally got my hiney to Longman & Eagle. Probably a solid year after adding it to the ever-expanding Chicago bucket list in my mind. I'd driven by several times before and the place looked a bit like a hipster clown car from the street, but I finally happened here with my wife in tow for brunch on a chilly Sunday morning a few weeks back. We hit the sweet spot where the early birds were just finishing up and the late sleepers were still at home fussing with their skinny jeans and pomade. But, I digress.We plopped down at the bar and nearly immediately had menus and tasty brunch beers (Bell's porter anyone?) in front of us. We ordered the wild boar sloppy joe and the burger with cheddar, bacon and brioche bun. Both were fantastic and accompanied by L&E's signature beef fat fries. Wow, tasty as all get-out, but so rich that I couldn't finish mine. I might have preferred duckfat fries with some aioli myself, but still a very solid offering that makes this place unique.I'll have to return when it's a more appropriate hour for bourbon flights as the selections were truly impressive. Very cool rustic vibe with well-appointed vintage bar. I'm sure the place is even better by candlelight at night. See you again soon!I cannot tell enough people to go and try this place!  I live in Old Town and yes, it is a bit farther out than I normally go, but work it!  It is across the street from the entry/exit of the Logan Square blue line stop.  We parked on the street 2 blocks away, no big deal.  Went on a sunday afternoon with 2 others and had to wait a little over an hour, worth it.  The hostess was super friendly and told us a local bar to go to while we waited and they called when our table was ready (and understand we needed about 10 minutes to close our tab and walk back).  They have a HUGE liquor list, specifically whiskey and bourbons.  Also a very nice draft beer list.  I got the sloppy joe sandwich, my husband got the burger and my aunt got the pork belly sandwich.  All of us ate everything on our plate!  My sloppy joe's were the best I've ever had.  To set the stage, my favorite food are potatoes.  I got the "home fries" as my potato, instead of the french fries and they were SO good!  They were fried in beef fat and then seasoned and topped with chives.  I could eat those every day.  Our server was really friendly and helpful.  Everything was great!  A word of advice:  they stop serving their full menu from 3-5 (at least on Sunday's when I went), so get there early in case there is a wait.  The hostess was honest and could not guarantee us to eat because we arrived at 1:30 and she quoted us a wait of 1.5 hrs.  We risked it and it was worth it :)-Party of 4.-Hour & a half wait.-We sat at the bar while we waited.The drink selection here is excellent.  Their beer selection here is more than ample.  If you are a whiskey guy/gal, then this is THE spot.  They must have a hundred different whiskeys here for $3 a shot. You can even order a whiskey flight.Besides drinking at the bar, we went ahead and started with an order of meatballs and an order of seared scallops. The meatballs were good but I gotta say the scallops were perfect...served with black truffle gnocchi and braised oxtail.By the time we were properly seated everyone knew what they wanted to order.  I had consumed the following:-Roasted Marrow Bones-Lobster Parfait-Pork Belly DinnerThe Roasted Marrow Bones were pretty huge...served with a red onion jam.  They tasted good, but I probably would've rather had two orders of the Lobster Parfait instead because it was ALL KINDS OF AWESOME. Yes. Lobster Parfait.  I know it sounds weird.  That's because it is.  It looked like some kind of pudding in a small martini glass with a piece of seafood sticking out of it.  IT WAS AMAZING. Next time I won't share it.  Don't judge me!I had the Pork Belly for my main entree.  It was cooked perfectly.  Although pork belly dishes tend to be extremely fatty in a good way, I felt as though this dish had an ample amount of "meat" in it considering what it was.   It doesn't look very big on the plate, but it definitely packs a punch and sits pretty heavy once consumed.  In fact, I ate it last month and I still feel its presence.Cool atmosphere and very knowledgeable waitress.Great chocolate desert dish.Can't wait to come back.Went to Longman & Eagle after hearing my roommates talk over and over again about how badly they wanted to visit as well as right after reading an article about the restaurant in GQ.They have an amazing whiskey selection and an above average list of beers. If you come here in the evening you will get acquainted with them quickly because they don't take reservations and seemed to stay consistently busy. You'll do some waiting. It's worth it though.I had the pork chop/shrimp/hush puppies. Pork chop had a great marinade and was cooked perfectly. The shrimp was very flavorful. I was a bit disappointed in the hush puppies. I'm guessing since I fell in love with Long John Silver's hush puppies as a kid nothing else will ever compare. Either way...great service, great food, great options, and great overall vibe. I will be back.Outstanding food and service! We arrived at about 6 PM on a Friday night and the restaurant was still relatively empty. We chose to sit at the bar and the bartender, Chad, went over and above explaining to us differences among bourbons and even made us a custom flight! We also tried the Shruberry (just okay) and Ransometta (quite good) cocktails. For food we had the meatballs (amazing!), pig head (wow!), and lamb sausage (pretty good). We probably should have ordered more food for the two of us but were trying to make it a light meal and keep the cost down.The only downside to me was the space. Other patrons were crowding us at the bar - our fault for choosing that area - but I noticed that even those who had tables had their space invaded by customers trying to get drinks at the bar. The quality of food and service were equivalent to a restaurant like the Girl and the Goat, but so were the prices, and without offering the same relaxed dining experience.Holy crap, I will be a regular here for sure. $4 Gin & Tonics and great gastro-pub food!  A please-all interior and wonderful people-watching.  It is Logan Square after all.  Drink here.Wait. Are you telling me this place has a Michelin Star? Really? It must be for the dinner menu, because the brunch menu and bloody mary's certainly wouldn't warrant it.Went in with a small group on a Saturday morning. We had to wait, but only because our entire party wasn't there yet. No biggie. As soon as the stragglers arrived, we were seated promptly in the back room. Service was slow-ish, but pleasant enough. Our group ordered 4 chicken and waffles, two biscuits and gravy and one grits with prawns.First off, wtf with bone-in chicken for the chicken and waffles? The Pony does a better c&w with their boneless chicken breast. Second, the biscuits and gravy were way too sweet. Yeah, sweet. Again, wtf? I don't know about others, but any time I've made or eaten any type of biscuits and gravy the gravy is peppery, not sweet. Did I mention that the biscuits were rock hard. Yep, they were. I ordered eggs over medium with the b&g and got eggs over hard. *sigh* It apparently wasn't my day. My husband had the grits with prawns and he said it was good. The bloody mary's were boring. Not enough spice. Totally nothing special. Though the cute little shot sized beer backs, were a nice touch.I don't get it, this place is supposed to be "the awesome" and frankly I was very underwhelmed. I suppose at some point I'll try dinner, but I'm not rushing to do so.this place is beautiful and bacon is in almost everything...i would give it 5 stars..but a few little things were off, foodwise. Service is awesome.  the kind of negatives but not major:the pretzel was lacking...pretzel-ness if that makes sense.. the dough, to me, tasted more on the bread side than a pretzel?i had the goat cheese and beet salad, which i always love.. there was bacon in that too... and a little too much, it almost over powered the salad.i had the seared tuna with white beans. the tuna was a HUGE portion..but not too much else i can say about that, the white beans were really tasty (again with bacon)  my friend had the pork belly and i had some, and that also was a large portion and really amazing.. next time i will go with that.I love any place that gives you an amuse bouche.Service is great.  Food is creative and tasty.I had the pork belly confit.  Awesome.BF had the kobe burger - lotsa flavor.Friend had the sloppy joe.  Again lots of flavor.We shared the homemade sausage - the bun, the kraut and the arugula slaw were great, but the sausage kinda sucked - even though it was huge.Go and get a bunch of plates.  Everything is priced well.I almost hate to review this place as I don't know a lot about it's number one purpose...whiskey.  I can enjoy a great bourbon, but I can't pretend to know a lot about them.  Despite that, I sill very much enjoyed L&E.  I sat at the bar for a bit listening to the staff discuss whiskey with some interested patrons and it was certainly interesting.  Also, at our table, a few folks tried a flight of whiskeys and all were outstanding.  A standout was definitely the Elmer T. Lee.  It was about as smooth a whiskey as I've had (in my limited experience.)  For me, despite their claim as a whiskey bar, the highlight was the food.  As many on Yelp had suggested I ordered the wild boar sloppy joe.  It was perfectly done...an ode to good ole' sloppy joes, but so much tastier with the perfect amount of spice.  While simple, it was one of the best sandwiches I've had in a while.  I can also share that others at the table truly enjoyed their meals.  The hanger steak was incredibly well received.  I'm not much of a dessert person, but the creme brulee fell into my category of 'special.'  There's plenty of good out there to eat, but only the very best are termed 'special.'  That creme brulee was just that.  While I can't speak to first hand experience, my assumption is that those who love whiskey and quality gastropub food will rather enjoy L&E.  It's a terrific addition to a nice little stretch of food right across from the Blue Line.Went here last night and got a few small plates.  The bone marrow was fantastic, as were the sea scallops with corn and fava succotash.  The grilled octopus was good if you put a tiny piece of all ingredients on your fork at once, otherwise it doesn't really work.  The ricotta gnuddi (deconstructed ravioli, basically) was good -- cheese balls with tapenade, can't go wrong.  Finally, the meatballs were fantastic... I think it was the cheese.Those four small plates didn't satisfy four people, though, so we got the wild boar sloppy joe to share as well.  Fries were good, sloppy joe was great I think due to the crispy fried sage.So why 3 stars?  Because overall the food was just A-OK.  In the 'hood, Lula and Revolution are my top spots.  This place is on par with Dunlay's for me.  I know the media has fawned over this joint, but I honestly don't get it.  It's good, but not as good as it's trying to, or could be.  Here's hoping it evolves into what it's shooting for.(Lastly, our waitress was great!  But her service seems to be a bit of anomaly, as previously it's ranged from decent to meh.)If you are going to come here for the small plates, I am just going to say that many other restaurants do them better...Publican, Gage, Bristol, Girl & the Goat, Purple Pig, etc etc.  We got a bunch of small plates to share and we weren't too impressed.  A lot of them, including the tete du cochon and sweetbreads, had some Asian seasoning that just did not go very well with the dishes.However, we ordered braised pork shank, which, along with the dessert, singlehandedly (doublehandedly?) made our trip to Longman & Eagle worth it.  The pork was so tender and fell off the bone.  The grits, mushrooms, sauce, all were delious!DESSERT.  I'm usually not a big dessert person but my eyes immediately went to the gruyere donuts.  Cheesy donuts?  Whipped goat cheese?  Are you kidding me?  These were SO good that I would come back and eat these for dinner.If I come here again, I'll definitely just go for a main course & dessert...and for the huge whiskey selection they have.Price: Reasonable.Food: Everything I put in my mouth made me swoon!Staff: Helpful, friendly and efficient.A whiskey bar in my neighbourhood is a dream come true, but because of the wait times I don't go there as much as I'd really like to.. Best blood and sand in the city! I will always love you, Longman &  Eagle.3.5.  Someone spent a lot of time thinking through this place.  Both the drinks and the food are interesting and compelling. Decor is very cool but a little cramped.  Reminds me of a place where Indiana Jones would go to eat.  If we were not trying to make a movie, I could see myself wanting to stay there for many hours.I find it very pricey, the drinks in particular.  Even the taste portions of the whiskey were around 5-10 and up.  Not cool.  I recognize they are nicely aged/quality product but I felt less than generous in their pricing. The food is rich and tasty gastropub fare.  Our french fries were overly salty and we have salty palates.  The cheeseburger was exactly what I hoped except the cheese was just too heavy/rich and drowned out the flavor of the meat a bit.  I still ate the entire burger as well as the remainder of my wife's food.Our server was nice but slightly clueless.  Guessing it was her first week.This place is my favorite place to eat and drink.  I've lost count how many times I've been here, and I still haven't been enough times to write a review worthy of this place.  The menu does change but there are old standby's that never leave such as the sloppy joe, the duck egg hash confit, the burger, the pear salad, and usually some variety of pork belly.  All highly recommended by the way.  So take your time browsing the menu and ask your server plenty of questions both about the very good food and the meticulously prepared cocktails.The only real tip I'll leave, is that starting with the Gruyere donuts is a highly recommended.  I know, I know...  that's a dessert dude!  So what!  Start off with that as you navigate your way through the menu and a wonderful dining and drinking experience.Ah, and during the more pleasant months, there is an open air but limited selection bar on Schubert on the side but close to the back of the restaurant.  A great place to catch up with friends and have a drink especially if the bar inside is packed tighter than sardines in a can.Loved this place! Friends and I decided to drop in on a random Sunday afternoon. The kitchen is closed 3-5, so we sat at the lovely tables outside enjoying a few beers, not feeling rushed, free to enjoy the breeze. Sunday night was bustling by 5:30, but we were seated fairly quickly. The food was fantastic, beautifully presented and incredibly reasonably priced. Our total bill for five people was just over $160, including a round of drinks (also unique and delicious).Fan favorites included the beignet dessert, monk fish, perfectly cooked steak, burrata starter.I came to Longman & Eagle because they have whiskey.  They also have food.  But whiskey.  Yeah.I will disclose this much: I drink lots of whiskey.  There's a good chance that I'm drinking whiskey when you read this (or this... or this!).  I have tattoos devoted to my love of whiskey, I quote Bernard Devoto incorrectly and loudly, I read Chuck Cowdery and cajole distillers for those wonderful little glass flasks that have new make or samples and I'd like to think of myself as "the second Angel's Share".  (If none of that parses or makes sense, I apologize, your utility for whiskey may be higher in some unmeasurable economic sense, but I might be a bigger nerd about it.)Preliminaries: other Chicago ex-pats who also tend to come back to visit guided me to Longman.  Specifically a fellow whiskey nerd and that's why I went.  We were also hungry, but I shall address that in a moment.  The place was crowded, as one would expect, but the decor was fine, the bar laid out sensibly (so you can see the bottles instead of hiding the shame in rows) and they had an old jukebox.  It wasn't working (or I don't think it was) but Sam & Dave were playing, I heard a CCR song in there and that's perfect drinking music.  (Also, fucking Sam & Dave?  Stax records, son.)We managed to snag a spot at the bar and that's where the fun began.  I make it a mission to "only drink new-to-me whiskeys" if I'm at a place that specializes in it.  As you'd imagine, considering the amount of whiskey I try/drink/waste, this is hard to do.  Antique Collection from Buffalo Trace?  On my shelf at home.  Real Hirsch?  Well, I've at least heard of it and no one has this anymore so... haha. Anyway, I've never actually ordered Old Potrero Straight Rye and have relished the thought.  It's an odd ball whiskey (not the 18th century style, I've had that and it's just not worth drinking) being all malted rye (no corn or barley) and aged minimally.  It was good, but I only mention it because the bartender started asking me what I thought.This soon led to some whiskey boners and soon he was showing me his favorites.  It was fun.  I won't say too much, but I will say I bought plenty more whiskey and one cocktail for myself and maybe got a taste of a couple things but my wallet was much lighter (in a good way) when I left.So yes, the drinks were wonderful (a real old fashioned, NO CHERRIES and light on sugar was the cocktail... bonus for that as I didn't have to ask).The food was amazing.If you're afraid of the Buffalo Frog Legs, you're a damn fool.  My only critique was that they could be a little spicier and the blue cheese foam was a bit excessive (not it's presence, rather the amounts).  The porkbelly sloppy joe was amazing and the charcuterie plate came with some excellent cheese and plenty of crostini/toast.  I mention this because i prefer to eat cheese as my French friends taught me, a little bit goes a long way, and not in this "here is a half the brie" style that even James Beard restaurants seem to think is a good idea.  (I've almost walked out on a tab because we were promised more once, I was drunk, and they didn't show up until an hour later... and I had complained twice.)Long story?  Too damn bad.All I can say is that if you like Whiskey and an actual adventurous take on nuevo-American fusion/comfort foods, Longman & Eagle is about the best I've had in Chicago.  Anyone can do "pork belly sliders" and "pumpkin cheek fries", these chaps go further and do it better.Buffalo Frog Legs.  So good...I'll have to say this place got even better. In fact I think it might be one of my favorite restaurants in the Logan Square and Bucktown area. I went back and had the frog legs in buffalo wing sauce and they were ridiculously delicious. Then the family farm pork belly steak was unbelievably tender. The most tender I have ever had. I seriously could not tell if there was fat in it or not.Now what really made it better was my confusion on my order of the sweetbreads. I actually had no idea what it was, just assuming it was type of bread. When I got it though, I found out it was actually a part of a cow. It didn't taste bad, it was just bland even with the sauce on it. Anyway, the waiter asked my thoughts towards it, and when I got into my description above, he took it off the bill. I even said no to that, and apologized, hoping I didn't offend the chef. The waiter said that their goal at the restaurant is to make sure the customers are enjoying their food, even if they're not quite sure what they're ordering. I was just so surprised at how nice the guy was and the restaurant's consideration.I came here for dinner on a Wed night around 8 pm.  The place was crowded, but I was seated in less than 5 minutes.  There is a sidewalk patio available, but I chose to sit inside in the front room.  The seating was a bench against the wall and chairs on the other side.  Despite the semi-close quarters, I was pleased that it was not too loud to hear our conversation.  I started with the Negroni and my friend had the Logan Palmer (alcoholic Arnold Palmer) - both were excellent.  For app, we had the Slagel Family Farm Meatballs w/ creamy polenta, parsley pesto, fonduta.  Oh my god - get this..the polenta is ridiculously good.For dinner, we both got the Slagel Family Farm burger.  The aged widmer's cheese on this makes the burger.  It is probably one of the tastiest burgers I've had...up there with Kuma's.  Love this Slagel Family Farm.  Love this place.  I'm definitely coming back on a weekend so I can have more drinks.I went here with a group of six tonight for my birthday and it. was. awesome. The menu is divided into apps/small plates and entrees. Just FYI, the "bar snacks" and "small plates" are small! so don't try to order one as an entree. We had the meatballs, grouse pate, duck rillette, and sallops/oxtail for shared appetizers and they were all amazing. The scallops especially were incredible. Awesome gnocchi. Highly recommend that. The rillette was delicious as well. But they're all pretty small- for instance, there were only three meatballs, so take that into consideration before ordering. For my entree I had the skirt steak, which was awesome. Completely tender and flavorful and the ravioli on top were so creamy and paired well with the steak. Great beer selections- my friends were well pleased, and they had Strongbow, which made me very happy.For dessert I ordered the roasted chestnut custard with glazed fig and citrus cake- absolutely perfect. The custard was so spot on with the chestnut flavor, and the cake with the fig in the same spoonful was just heaven. The server told us they'd just gotten a pastry chef and it really showed. That made me so happy. All in all, I absolutely cannot wait to go back to this place and try more stuff- like the wild boar sloppy joe. The food was awesome, the service was amazing, and the atmosphere was perfectly gastropub. Five stars all the way.Huge collection of whisky's to choose from and delicious food that keeps you wanting to come back again and again. You cannot go wrong with Longman & Eagle.Also, their wild boar sloppy Joe sandwitch with beef fat fries is a must have. So are their well crafted whisky cocktails.Longman & Eagle's mantra is great." Eat. Sleep. Whiskey "3 of my favorite things (vices, maybe) in life. I would say that L&E does the term 'gastropub' a great justice. I've dined here several times and I've been more than pleased with what's been brought to the table. The food is super inventive without the overhanging sense of pretentiousness that some places hot on the chicago food scene tend to emote. The overall feeling I get from the patrons and workers is that they all have a respect for food and feeling good. No frills but excellent things are done. I always recommend this to people in search of something tasty. Things that have stood out..- compressed melon salad- mushroom agnolotti- sweetbreads- wild boar sloppy joes (even good as leftovers)Can't wait to go back... again.Went for a late brunch today and we were seated within 10 minutes. I am very indecisive and needed the waitress' help on ordering, I decided to go with the whole hog crepinette over cheese grits and "piggy sprouts" (brussel sprouts cooked in pork butter), it is new on the menu. The meat was melt-in-your-mouth tender and well seasoned, the grits were tasty and sprouts were perfect. My bf ordered the fried chicken and waffles which was delicious, that combo is almost always great wherever you go, but the fried chicken here was unusually crunchy and yummy. The sweet potato and pork belly hash was simple yet taste explosive.. must learn this recipe for myself.. I don't even like sweet potatoes!The bloody marys rock, quite spicy and a thicker consistency (not watered down like other places, ahem Rockit), and came with cheddar cheese, pickle, and a small side of beer to add.Would definitely come again and try some sandwiches and salads. Nice atmosphere, cozy, industrial old-school vibe, love the salvaged wood ceiling, AND thank you for putting eucalyptus lotion in the women's bathroom for my dry January hands (love the little touches.. goes a long way).Meh..it hurts me to write this. To be honest, my first two experiences here were for brunch and they were incredible. Those experiences were a long time ago and if I had written a review for them I would have given 5 stars both times, for both the food and service. My third time ( I guess wasn't the charm) was this past week for dinner. I figured I should expect the same wonderful service and delicious food (the burger was my one of my favorites in Chicago). I unfortunately got a very different experience. I am not one to pull apart every detail of a dining night out, but I was pretty pissed about some bigger picture aspects. The waiter was completely aloof and acted like his girlfriend had just broken up with him. He was pissed, I mean pissed, and we were all very perplexed and confused by his lack of personality and service.  When we asked whether we should get the burger or the sloppy joe he said rudely, "Umm I eat the burger more but the sloppy joe has more flavor" ....umm okay, wtf does that mean? Then he forgot one of the entrees, lied about it, did not take it off the bill nor bring a complimentary beverage or anything. He pretended it was the kitchen's fault. Overall, just a lack of menu and drink knowledge with a combination of a big attitude. Besides the crappy waiter, my burger was very sub par in comparison to the two previous times. It was half the size and dried out. My previous servers were awesome, friendly, attentive, and cool...this time I had some angry dude who had no clue what was going on.  I guess they are becoming skimpy on the quality overall?I don't know what's going on Longman, but shape it up or I'm moving on to other more consistent joints with way better service.We came here for brunch, so this review only applies to the brunch items. I think they open at 9am on Saturdays. We got here at around 10am, and there was a 10-minute wait already. No problem, it was a relatively cool day, we sat outside on the bench, and after about 15 minutes, they seated us outside at the patio. Normally I'm not a outdoory eating person, but I didn't want to wait longer, so we sat down. Then it started raining before we ordered anything. Even with the cover on top of the patio, I could still feel the rain drop on my face. So I asked the waiter if we could be moved inside. He was very helpful and happily seated us inside at the last remaining table. Score!  It was definitely way louder inside the restaurant. The tables feel smaller and closer to each other. I got the bloody lawrence (bloody mary with whiskey) and my husband got the bloody mary. We ordered the Sunny Side Duck Egg Hash with Duck Confit and Pastrami Spiced Pig Head. I LOVED my husband's sunny side duck egg hash! I normally don't eat potatoes unless it's in the form of fries, but this hash had a very unique taste to it, coupled with duck confit. I just couldn't stop reaching over and eating from his plate...This is not to say that my pastrami pig head was not good. It was amazing as well. The pig head was tender and melts in your mouth, the sauerkraut added a little acidity to it, then I chased it with the apple and watercress salad. Best flavor combo!  We also ordered the donuts as dessert, because every table around us had it. It was a HUGE donut, filled with strawberry jam. And the best part? It's only $3! When we got the check, it was only $55--including two drinks, two brunch items, and a donut. Score again!!! Will definitely come back and try their dinner.After hearing about this place for months while it was being built and setup from a friend of mine that worked at Empty Bottle, it took me way... way.... WAY too long to finally go.Last night I took my girlfriend out for a date to check this place out.  Very unassuming from the outside and very comforting from the inside.  Not a ton of decorative flair, but enough to keep up the ambiance.  The outdoor area looked great, but it being Chicago and Chicago summers having humidity in the range of eleventy billion, we decided to adjourn to the air conditioned indoors.Opening up a monstrous beer, whiskey and scotch list, we ordered our drinks and perused their fantastic menu.From what I'd kept hearing from people, this was nothing but a meat smorgasbord.  This couldn't have been any further from the truth.  Granted, there were their fair share of carnivorous items on the menu, but they were peppered in beautifully with other seafood and vegetarian dishes as well as small, shareable dishes that looked to be almost tapas-style.We were told that the soft shell crab dish they normally had on the menu was available that evening but using sea bass instead of the soft shell crab.  My dinner consisted of beer battered sea bass with a smoked tomato fondue, soy caramel and a pea shoot radish salad.  My girlfriend ordered the pork belly porchetta with the corn-bacon risotto, summer squash, chanterelle mushrooms and black garlic emulsion.  This worked out perfectly as these were the things that both of us were trying to decide between.  The sea bass was beautifully prepared with the skin crisping up perfectly and her pork belly just melted in your mouth.I could see a place like this getting pretty busy on the weekends or that outdoor seating area getting slammed in the summer, but for a date night on a wednesday night it was great.I'll have another Glenfiddich on the rocks please.Man, the food was good!  They definitely know how to cook their protein.  My pork belly was perfectly cooked, and so was my friend's chicken breast, which at other places, is typically a little dry.  Flavorful, moist, incredible.  The chocolate and banana bread pudding is delicious as well, but be warned, it's more like a traditional pudding in texture, not a bread pudding.  I didn't regret ordering though - it was so satisfying!The music and the interior design complemented the attitude of the food.  Well-executed comfort food that aims to be interesting, but not pretentious.  I'm pretty sold on this place.  It reinforced the fact that I have a pork belly addiction, something that I'm currently inclined to indulge in rather than cure (pun not intended).Better than any other bar/pub to have existed in this location.Hipsters can be overwhelming, their seating policies can be stupid. Last time I visited Chicago I went there twice: The first time we were not allowed to sit at table if only drinking - they were reserved for dinner and its was still 5pm and completely empty. The second time I was allowed to sit at a table and the staff was super friendly. What gives?Great selection of whiskey and beer. I liked the bone marrow. But, there is a strong presence of pretentiousness and douche-baggery.I took my guy here for brunch based on stellar reviews. Yelpers, you done me wrong. The good and the bad/shitty:Shitty:1) As we sat down we were told the crab cakes, biscuits and gravy and two other items were now out of stock. Sweet!2) My guy ordered the croque madam and as he ordered we were told that their fryer was out so no beef fat fries. WTF?3) When he then ordered an Arnold Palmer we found out they were out of Iced Tea. WTF?!4) There was a hair in both his home fries/hashbrowns AND my cauliflower thing. I didn't tell the waiter because then it just looks like you are fishing for a free meal and I was a server for years and hated that.5) As we were finishing up, the waiter said verbatim "Our chef would like to offer you a maple fig donut, fresh". Sweet. Based on that statement it sounded like the chef was trying to make-up for his total lack of ingredients with his free donut peace offering. When we get the bill, there was the $3.50 for the donut. Again, WTF?!Good1) My "daisy" something or other drink and my cauliflower/lentil thing were amazing. No joke, my meal was awesome... Curried and perfectly cooked cauliflower, great lentils, raita, perfectly ripe mango pieces. I found the hair when I was almost done, so I got to enjoy the food not knowing someone had apparently shaved their beard into my meal.There were just too many bads... Out of food, out of tea, hair in TWO ITEMS, awkward offering of a seemingly gratis donut. Good luck Longman. You suck and when a new hipster place comes about in 16 months, everyone will forget that you exist. I want my $45 back.So, I brought 2 of my friends there yesterday to get an after work drink. we got there the place was almost empty except for the bar. I asked if we could have a table as there were not three seats together at the bar and the hostess told me no. NO?!?!  She said maybe I could ask one of the bar patrons to move down. Excuse me, but isn't that your job?One of the bar patrons overheard the conversation and offered generously to give up his seat so we could sit together.When we left, the hostess didn't even acknowledge us.I can say that we were not really made to feel welcome by the hostess. When I go out I'm looking for a total experience and Longman really fell short on customer service.I went here with my wife on a Friday.  The service was leisurely and made for a lovely evening out.  We tried a series of plates instead of entrees, which turned out to be a great idea.  The bone marrow was excellent (though the rock salt garnish was unnecessary), and the scallops over succotash were also splendid.  The cocktails were delicious, and we liked the wine selection.I like their whiskey selection and will definitely be back again for food as well as drinks.I am a huge fan!  This was our first time here.  We tried to get into (k)new (which is another fabulous Logan Square hot spot), but reservations were not available.  I was a bit relieved because it gave me a chance to experience yet another great Logan Square eatery.  The atmosphere was cozy but open and was perfect for a beautiful Chicago day.  The doors were open, and people were seated outside as well.  If your goal is to eat outside I would say get there early!  Patrons tend to sit and stay....all night.  There's a sizable menu of wonderful beers and wine's to taste and I can see why those who were there last night stayed at their table for 4 hours.  We opted to eat indoors versus waiting for a table and we were not disappointed.  For 4 people we ordered 3 small plates, one salad, & 3 Entrees.  This was just enough food for 4 people.  Every single dish had something to love.  I can't complain about any of them.  I highly recommend this place.  It is first come first serve.  We went at 8pm on a Tuesday night and waited at most, 20 minutes.  Enjoy!Went there tonight for my first time and was genuinely impressed. Service was spot-on and the drinks were near perfection.We started with the bone marrow appetizer which was absolutely perfect. Then moved onto entrees - I had the jumbo prawns and tilefish while my girlfriend had the pork belly on butternut risotto and squash. Her meal was an absolute 10 - perfect in every way and possibly the best entree I've ever had. My meal, on the other hand, was pretty flawed. My prawns tasted frozen in the worst way - nearly plastic. The fish had a great, crispy skin but didn't have much flavor and couldn't make up for the prawns. I will absolutely go back and would recommend this place to anyone. That being said, don't order the prawns.Food is good, concepts are great, hostesses are terrible. The real question here is whether or not the food is worth the hour and a half wait. I'm still debating.  The brioche french toast was the most noteworthy item. It's a sweet dish worth ordering even if you typecast yourself as a savory kind of brunch-goer.All in all, the best part of my brunch experience was our burly beard-faced  waiter.  I would have happily traded my meal and 1.5 hour wait-time for a big bear hug from Paul Bunyan.L&E doesn't need my review...but I can't stop myself. Everything is truly exceptional...but I'm going to review one thing:The first time I ever had pâté was in 1992, I was in Paris on a school trip, and I didn't know what pâté was. I only knew it was the most amazing thing a girl from Central Illinois in Europe had ever eaten.Fast forward to adulthood, pâté everywhere you can try it, really everywhere....at least 50+ different pâtés...I end up at L&E this past Easter night. The waiter recommends the pâté...I perk up.I really can't put it into words that does it justice. The. Best. Pâté. I. Have. Ever. Had. Yes, please read it slowly. Please.I realized right then and there if it was my last meal on earth...I knew what it would be. Make me a pâté sandwich Longman. Pour it into a tub so I can bathe in it, Eagle. Let me live in that pâté now, and I can call it quits and die ridiculously happy.Dramatic? Likely. But take me and L&E seriously...they ARE that good. At everything.Bravo, to the kitchen!! Bravo!! Really. I want to marry all of you.Here's the thing - in reviewing any restaurant, I can only highlight or point out the things that were important to me.  Right now, it's important to me that when I bring my eight-month old out to a new and cool spot that I don't get treated like another yupster parent who is ruining the noshing and boozing of others by injecting a *shudder* child into the mix.Obviously, I stick to some general rules of polite parenting - get there early or late, go on an off night, leave if the kid goes nuts.And check.  Those little boxes at the top of the L&E heading say it's not good for kids.  I disagree.  My baby got oohed and ahhed by the hosts, a high chair was brought round, and I noted quite a few other kids there ranging from fresh-born to grade school age.These are the things that allow me to enjoy my food.  My drink: A classic sidecar, perfectly chilled. Starters for the table: grouse pate, meatballs with polenta, duck rillettes, Maine scallops.  My favorite of these were the meatballs as I felt like this dish gives the truest sense of the food L&E does best - very stylish comfort food.Not sure what led me to choose the skirt steak as my main, but I was one of three in my party of six who did.  The highlight was not the fact that the meat was cooked to perfection; rather, it was porcini agnolotti served with the dish.  These little delicacies melted in the mouth and though they may have been too rich to be a meal of their own, I wouldn't have minded trying to eat my way through a bowl of them. Other raves at the table for the boar sloppy joe and chicken...Normally, I skip dessert - and I did this time too.  But I'll be honest, I did stick a spoon into my sister's chestnut custard and I was happy I did.  Apparently, L&E has just added a pastry chef.  I approve.I knew I had arrived at the right spot when I noticed the decal on a window reading "EAT SLEEP WHISKEY."With the time allowed, I was able to fit in two of the three: eat and whiskey. Dinner was comprised of a wild boar sloppy joe with beef fat fries and a bourbon cocktail that nearly had me on the floor after five sips. The somewhat long wait prior to being seated may have had something to do with the effects of this ever-so-delicious drink, but that is besides the point.Great food, fantastic service, well-made drinks and an A+ atmosphere.To me the most important meal is breakfast, and this place has excelled in that department which is why I'm giving it five stars. They do other things, and they do them well but my focus here is on the brunch. The only thing I don't like about going to Longman & Eagle is having to wait for a table, but that shouldn't count against anyone considering it happens when a place is doing something right.Eggs are a subtle art, the nuances of which are something I am very sensitive to. When a menu offers all kinds of wild creations like duck egg hash or chorizo strada, one might wonder why someone would order regular (chicken) eggs and potatoes, or as L&E calls it, the PBR breakfast. The way I test an establishment's ability to prepare breakfast is simple, order the eggs and potatoes with bacon or sausage and see how they treat it. Out of all the places I've been since moving to Chicago, this place in particular has really passed the test.The PBR breakfast comes with two artfully prepared eggs. I like over-medium, which shouldn't be hard, but shouldn't run all over the plate and they seem to get it. The potatoes are full of large chunks that fall apart nicely, mixed with bacon and chives. The large helping of bacon is high quality and arranged into a little (maybe not so little)  floret, which is an amusing touch. It comes with a can of PBR which somehow works, though I often opt out of that part. My only complaint is that it doesn't come with toast. It's not enough to sway me though.I've also had the chicken and waffle, which is fantastic. The best fried chicken I've ever had. I've tried the crab benedict, very good. The market omelet with little ferns is wonderful as well. The bloody maries are different every time. I've had gherkins added as well as chunks of cheddar.Overall it's always a treat. I hear the drinks are special too..This place is fine but a word of warning, vegetarian friends: not all desserts are suitable for us. I specifically asked if the dessert I ordered was free of gelatin and of course, when I started eating it, I realized there was gelatin in it. Bad communication between waiters and the kitchen. This very unpleasant experience would have been avoided by adding a little v next to veg-friendly options.They apologized a million times and I felt bad for them but honestly I expect a bit more effort from a restaurant with stellar reviews.Just one small thing to add, kind of an oddity.Last time I was here, my man ordered the chicken which he's had before and LOVED.  This time the dish was so ridiculously underseasoned that he requested salt from the waitress.  From my perspective, the patron requesting salt for a dish at a place like L&E should send a message to the kitchen that something went wrong with the dish (this chicken quarter escaped the brine, perhaps?) and perhaps that ought to be addressed.Instead, the waitress returned with a tiny bowl, inside of which was a TINY spoon, upon which were approximately 7 grains of kosher salt.To me, that was the kitchen saying "I know you are, but what am I??"Not cool.Yay yay yay!  L&E actually lived up to expectations!!!  I always get nervous when I finally have a chance to go somewhere that I've walked out of in the face of 2+ hour waits and heard SO much about.  Is it really THAT good?  In this case, yup!We went on a Friday night at 6 and only had to wait an hour.  And they're willing to take your phone number and call you when the table's ready, so it's really not that painful.  We went down the street for drinks since the L&E bar area is super squished, and the hour flew by.I have to admit, we got lucky and were seated in the back room.  The front room would be pretty annoying with customers, waiters, and bar patrons crowding your table.  But the food would still be outstanding, so you should go despite this risk.We asked the waitress to just bring out her favorites, since we'll pretty much eat anything.  Some favorites were the fois gras that was on special - melt in your mouth amazing.  That was followed up with more amazingness in the pig face, which I pretty much can't stop thinking about.  Even the dessert, which we often skip, was fabulous.  The menu changes, so these recommendations aren't super useful, but just know that out of the 5 or 6 things we tried, every single one was amazing.  Oh, and the drinks are great too!  Love this place!Best brunch I have ever had. Full stop.Brunch here was fantastic. We got here right at 10 AM, had a short 10 minute wait since everyone else had the same idea. I got a bloody mary at the bar, which was delicious and without any vodka-ish aftertaste. Yum. Once seated, I ordered the Duck Egg Hash, with Duck. Yes, that is both the egg and the bird in one dish -- with TRUFFLE vinaigrette! It was not as heavy as most duck dishes I've had, which I have to attribute to the vinaigrette. Boyfriend ordered the biscuits and gravy, which I sneaked a taste of. It was creamy, rich, thick, but the sausage had a bit of kick to even it out. Amazing. Neuske's bacon is always great, too, with its predominantly smokey rather than salty taste. Definitely coming back to try their prawns and grits, and also for dinner!Was in Chicago visiting a few of my besties and they took me to Longman & Eagle and I was impressed! Even the hipster crowd was tolerable since the food was fabulous. It was a warm summer night so we sat outside in the outdoor patio. The beer selection was excellent - tried the Bell's Oberon (closest to a hefeweizen) and New Belgium Eric's Ale. Flipped the page on the menu and there is a page of just whiskey! For $3 a shot, you can try any whiskey to have ever existed because as they say, "whiskey is for your mouth, not for our shelf". For dinner, we had the seared scallops (cooked to perfection), foie gras (best I've ever had), and the grilled berkshire pork cheek with gnocchi. Everything on the menu looked delicious. It was surprisingly crowded on a Thursday evening but the wait staff was quick and extraordinarily friendly. The crowd was diverse. The restaurant was intimate and inviting. If I'm in Chicago again, I definitely plan to return!I've been eager to dine here after drinking at the bar one night and smelling the delicious aromas of animals from all walks of life cooked in butter.It got worse when my friends went here WITHOUT ME and were raving all about it. Therefore, I pressured my gentleman caller into bringing me here for a designated date night yesterday evening because I wasn't going to be happy until I ate something pretentious and expensive.This place felt like something out of a TV show about city life. Waiting in line on a Thursday night in a dark, purposely distressed-looking space in the latest up-and-coming neighborhood while urban professionals, lesbians and bald gentlemen in suits dined on their perfectly plated meat candies.Now I'm just rambling. Anyyyyways. After finally being seated, and reading a whole bunch of words I don't recognize (i.e. Zabuton), we just go with two things that our server says are good. Why not? When am I ever going to purposely order bone marrow again? Shit.We had the veal and the Zabuton. It was tastey. I liked it. My point is I think you should come here, but it's just one of those "hey, let's get gussied up and pretend we go to places like this" one-time deals. Not one of those places you CRAVE. Like Jerry's or Manee Thai.Longman and Eagle is an experience. An interesting one at that. Because as you digest, you keep remembering all of the meat you ate. And how your morning breath tasted and smelled. Enjoy!Can't really go wrong with a good burger, fries, whiskey, and craft beer. It probably helped that one of the people in our party knew the staff, because we got excellent service.The bathroom had soap and lotion that at first smelled refreshing, but then reeked of Ben-Gay. I walked out smelling like my grandma, which was amusing to everyone in my party.I headed over to this place with some girlfriends on a Friday night.  We were seated right away.  I noticed the service was excellent right off the bat.  Very attentive staff.  When it came time to look over the menu I was a little stumped.  By the look of the place, I was expecting your regular bar fare...maybe dressed up a notch.  But to my surprise, the menu seemed down-right fancy and pretentious.  I didn't even realize they had "normal" food like a burger because that particular item was so dressed up on the menu I didn't notice it.  But thank goodness it was there (and the sloppy joe) because for some reason I wasn't really feeling the pig head and lamb heart specials for the evening.I got the sloppy joe along with one of my girlfriends.  I liked mine a lot.  I thought the flavors were good.  My friend didn't like it at all.  I did think the plate seemed really empty with just the sandwich on it, (could you add some fries or something, please?).  My other friend had the burger and while I did not taste it, she said it was good.  The thing I did taste of hers were the fries that came with it.  Delicious!!  The two other girls I was with ordered from the plate section.  They both loved what they got but were unsatisfied with the portion.  To be fair...the server warned us the plate portions are small.  All in all, I liked my experience.  Service was great, and the food was very good.   I'd definitely go back and try some other dishes...except for the pig head special.Let me preface this review by saying the following:  I am not a meat eater, nor am I a "foodie" of any sort.  My past 5 dinners have consisted of a bag of popcorn and a miller lite, for chrissakes, so I'm not the type to go on and on about the nuances of  pygmy goat ribs topped with a complex red wine reduction black truffle sauce blah blah blah insert whatever's trendy to eat here. So take my opinion of the L&E with a hefty grain of "I am not sophisticated and don't care" salt.My gentleman friend invited me to the L&E for dinner with him and some of his pals, and because I've been by and seen the "eat, sleep, whiskey" sign in the window I was sold.  I saddled up to the bar, and after agonizing over the drink menu, I decided on the Longman Manhattan which was so.so.good.  The barmen here dont eff around when it comes to drink-mixing, and the dude preparing my drink did it with tenderness and devotion.  I almost felt like a perv watching him make it, it was that intense.Anyhow, drinks got squared away and I took one look at the menu before I knew I was in over my head.  I'd describe the menu in 2 words: esoteric meatstuffs. I basically saw that my choices were mostly a variation on "Meaty-meat Slice of Animal Wrapped in Bacon cooked in beef fat".  And that was just what I could identify.  In an attempt to avoid looking like a total rube, I quietly asked the waitress (who was way cool) what she'd suggest for a non-meat eater.  She told me to go for the agnolotti (pronounced "anneeolottee" for the uncultured swine among us) which was really good but I don't suggest it if you're starving.  T'was tiny!  Between our group, people got items from the rabbit pate to the burger, and no one seemed disappointed. I don't know that I'd be in a huge rush to go back for food (see my disclaimer at the top, though) but the bar was my idea of heaven.  I'd hang out just to pretend like I was in some hipster version of "Cocktail" where Tom Cruise wears lots of flannel.  PS- Sweetbreads?!?! What in the fuck kind of misleading name is THAT?A lot of time has passed since my last review, which was solely about the drinks and the atmosphere. I had heard about how good the food was here, so naturally, I had to suck it up and come back to see if the rumors were true.I came here for brunch with some friends. It was a gorgeous, sunny afternoon around noon and there was no wait at all, inside and outside. We sat inside and happily perused the menus. I ordered the biscuits and gravy. The meal was absolutely amazing, but the gravy was a bit underwhelming and the presentation was a little gross (looked like I had a plate of beige vomit?) .... but the biscuits were stellar and the flavors were there. I guess there might not be a pretty way to present b&g, but at least the biscuits didn't have to come out smothered in a chunky beige mass. Now that I've made you want to stop reading this review, the food came out hot and the coffee I had was strong and much needed.I forgot what my friends ordered, but they were both very pleased. The service was okay here (I still feel like I get some attitude), and I left full. I definitely want to try their dinner menu, so whenever there isn't a 3 hour wait, I'll be here!We got to experience pretty much everything about Longman & Eagle over a recent long weekend *except* dinner, and I have to say it's deserving of the hype.Our friends (whose wedding we were in town for) booked us guestroom 55, which overlooks Kedzie and the blue line station.  It's put together with an eclectic and tasteful collection of art and accouterments, including a vintage hi-fi and cassette deck, complete with custom mixtapes.  The bed was comfy, my wife enjoyed a soak in the vintage tub, and the minibar includes everything from pints of top shelf hootch to condoms.  The only complaint about the room my wife really had was the vintage mirrors have age-appropriate shading and scarring, so it was a bit of a challenge to do makeup, and there wasn't a full-length mirror to check her outfit.The one big drawback to the guestrooms (apart from the heavy, awkward to access the building) is that they are situated directly above the bar, which is quite popular and open late.  We tended to be out late getting in ourselves and typically a bit sauced, so it wasn't that much of an annoyance, but if you are looking for quiet accommodations L&E is definitely NOT for you.  Pack ear plugs or "drink more and sleep well," as they recommend.We had drinks on a couple of occasions, ranging from straight whiskey (two complimentary shots included with your room) to beer to inventive bourbon cocktails.  The bar staff were all very friendly and whiskey-smart, and the service was always spot on.We also had brunch a couple of mornings, and everything was freshly prepared and delicious.  I had the crab benedict with dehydrated bacon one morning (outstanding) and the wild boar sloppy joe another.  Unfortunately I was really suffering from the previous night's post-wedding escapades and didn't appreciate the sandwich as much as I'm sure I would have otherwise.  I couldn't even drink the bloody mary that usually straightens me up (enough).As a package, Longman and Eagle is a very unique find: it's part whiskey bar, part gastropub, part hotel.  It's definitely not for everybody, but it doesn't try to be, and it succeeds on all fronts well enough to be a standout establishment.We arrived on a rainy Sunday night and only had to wait 10 minutes.  If we had snuck in a few seconds before the couple ahead of us, we probably wouldn't have had to wait at all!The wait staff and service here were excellent and on point. Everyone was very friendly.  We ordered:shaved pear salad, haricot verts, endive, watercress, frisee, stilton, port wine syrup, sherry-walnut vinaigretteroasted marrow bones, red onion jam, sea salt, sourdough crostinis (I recommend mixing the red onion jam and the marrow)monkfish osso bucco, celery root & apple puree, chanterelles, brussels leaves, barley, red wine veal reductionbutternut risotto, plug farm apples, squash, cheese, mushroom (available on the vegetarian menu)Everything tasted delicious! As a starter, the chef offered us a complimentary tomato gazpacho with roasted cauliflower. That was delicious too!It was super easy to get to the restaurant too. The restaurant is right off the Blue line at Logan Square, but they also have street parking available.I am twiterpated with this restaurant!!!!Came here with a friend after a few glasses of wine at Telegraph.  I have wanted to make the trek over here for a VERY long time....alas, I always end up going somewhere closer to me.We bellied up to the bar because the wait was going to be about 45 mins.  The bartender whipped us up some cocktails.  I had the black thorn and it was really great.  I didnt know they were know for whiskey, bourbon or whatever.After a couple of sips, we decided to just chow down at the bar.  The bartender helped us with our selections because there menu is a little off the wall.  We had the scallops and the tete du cochon...both were FANTASTIC.  Of course, then we couldnt stop there.  We got the short ribs to split.  I have to say....I didnt really think that I would love these because I am not a fan, however my friend and the bartender said we should get them.  It was heaven in my mouth.  It was the best meal I have had in the last couple of weeks.  WOW.  I was totally surprised.  I think I almost licked the plate at the end of the meal.  If you havent been, go...make the trip, drop the coin, drink the booze....fall in love.I came here pretty late (1 am) on a Thursday night.  I did not realize that they closed at 2 am... so our visit was pretty short.  If you have read my other reviews, you know that I do not drink beer.  Longman and Eagle's bar is fully stocked when it comes to beer.  Their selection of cocktails (other than whiskey) is pretty limited.  None of their specialty cocktails seemed to exciting for me, so I tried to order my typical Vodka Pineapple.  Longman and Eagles did not have pineapple juice.  They also do not have grenadine.My beer drinking friends were all very content.  I loved the atmosphere... Longman and Eagles was very clean and classy.  I want to come back here in the future when the kitchen is still open.  The menu looks fantastic and the Yelp reviews all seem to emphasize how awesome the food is at Longman and Eagle!Longman & Eagle NEVER disappoints.I came here last night with some good company and had a fantastic time, as per the usual. We arrived around 6:15 on a Thursday to a bustling atmosphere and grabbed a drink while we waited for a table. The beer list is absolutely amazing--they have about 10-15 beers on tap and a very large bottle selection. Also, their whiskey/bourbon selection is also noteworthy, but I have yet to dive into this as I always get distracted by their beer list.We were seated about 30 or so minutes after we arrived and our party of four began to pour over the menu. I like how the menu is divided up into "bar snacks", "small plates", and then "entrees". There really isn't much of a difference between the bar snacks and the small plates, except that the portion sizes may be a teensy bit larger with the small plates. We each picked one of the following to start out with (and share, obviously):1) Swan Creek Rabbit Paté, Giardinière, Sourdough Tartines: I feel that it's important to mention that this was wrapped in bacon, so it immediately gained a star in my book. It was rich and flavorful and paired nicely with the peppers of the giardinere. It wasn't visually appealing by any stretch of the imagination, but it was tasty.2) Buffalo Sweetbreads, Aerated Ranch, Hot Sauce, Thumbelina Carrots, Micro Celery: My, my, my... I could've eaten an entire entree of just this. Imagine your favorite chicken wings amplified and taken to the millionth power. Yep, not kidding, that good. The aerated ranch was exceptional. I didn't quite know what to expect but it was delicious and incredible. 3) Roasted Marrow Bones: These are always delicious--nice and fatty and fantastic with the jam and salt. The presentation on this is amazing.4) Fried soft-shell crab: This was extremely flavorful and was devoured within minutes, I unfortunately can't find any mention of the exact details of this on their website, but if it's on the menu, get it!We then decided to share three of the entrees between the four of us:1) Suckling Pig: This dish literally fell apart, it was that tender and succulent. It had a bacon corn grit type of base to the dish that really brought out the flavors of the meat. Fantastically prepared and beautifully displayed.2) The Fish Special: The chef was out on the east coast the past weekend and flash froze some striped bass to bring back, so it in essence was 5 hours old. It was a tad fishy tasting in spite of its freshness, but it was still enjoyable. It was served with some fried green tomatoes, which I had never had, but were quite delicious.3) The Quail: There were 5-6 pieces of lightly fried quail served with cornbread and beans. This was outstanding and incredibly flavorful. The pairing of the cornbread with the beans and the tender meat of the quail was to die for.Any pork dish that I've had from Longman has always been solid, so do yourself a favor and pick anything as they change their pork offering frequently.We sadly didn't have room for dessert, which I was unfortunate as their desserts are incredible. Our waitress gave us a free mini shot of a featured whiskey and a piece of a chocolate cookie which was a nice touch.If I could, I'd frequent Longman a lot more, but it always does a fair amount of damage to my wallet so I'm glad it's a hike from my apartment!  Also, as an interesting aside, "No Reservations" was filming there last night sans Anthony Bourdain.Since the boka experience, longman and eagle was my second stint of michelin awarded restaurant.  I thought the ambience was great.  We ordered, since we had to wait for an hour or so before being seated, a non-alcoholic bloody mary, which was so so at best (I don't drink alcholol, so I am missing all the fun part).Their food was great.  My chicken waffle was surely one of a kind.  The chicken was cooked perfectly, soft, crispy but not soggy and had a unique taste.  My wife's fennel salad? was also good.  The lentil and the raisin had a perfect match.This is a definitely 4-4.5 star restaurant which huge potential to have 5 in my next visit.  We will see.We stopped here after a movie at the Logan Theatre. We were told it would be an hour and a half wait for a table for two, and I was not too keen on waiting that long, but we got seats at the bar fairly quickly and decided to eat there. The hostess told us our table was ready shortly after that, but we stayed at the bar. So their estimated wait was about twice as long as what it turned out to be.We both had the house special hot toddy, and it was warm and lemony delicious. The bar is well-stocked, with what appears to be a strong bias for whiskeys, and a nice selection of tap and bottled brews. The menu reveals Longman & Eagle to be an interesting gastropub, with plenty of meat selections, but also a fair number of fish and veg items. We started with the pretzel with Welsh rarebit, a cheesy mustardy sauce I had never before tried. Very tasty. The pretzel was warm, crispy on the outside, and unsalted. I moved on to the sunchoke bisque with scallops. The bisque was quite creamy and delicious, but I did have one problem with it. It was a fairly small portion served in an oversized bowl, and the bowl very obviously cooled the bisque before it made it to my seat at the bar. It was warm in the center, but quite lukewarm near the edges. A bowl that size containing a smaller portion of soup, should have been preheated, in my opinion. I think this was a fairly amateur mistake, and one easily corrected. Hopefully they will see this review and do just that.Other than that, I loved the place. The service was excellent. it did get fairly crowded and noisy at the bar, but that's the way it goes at a hot new spot on a Friday night. The ambiance is everything a Logan Square gastropub should be, and maybe even more. I'll be back for sure!Oh gosh.................I heard about the wait at Longman & Eagle, and that didn't scare me away. It shouldn't scare you away either.Holy crap. I've been missing out on Sunday brunches for the past few years because I've worked through the weekend. But boy did I take advantage of it at L&E.Dining with my fiancee and two of her gfs, we wound up waiting for about an hour. But consider, we got there in the heart of brunch hour. The hostess[es] will take your number and give you a call if you decide to mingle around the neighborhood. Otherwise, L&E has a few picnic tables outside to hang out while waiting [if they're not seating parties outside].After waiting, we were seated and quickly greeted by our server. The guy was super nice and helpful, letting us know what's good...and what's good is the chicken and waffles. Ya heard correct. Chicken and freaking waffles. Huge pieces of chicken, fried to perfection. Juicy. Flavorful.Ugh...Waffles crisp and fluffy at the same time. Maple syrup so balanced in viscosity and sweetness. Sweet potato and pork belly hash. SWEET POTATO AND FLIPPIN' PORK BELLY HASH. Who does that?! L&E does that.The fiancee ordered the crab benedict [it's sorta her breakfast/brunch thing] and boy was that good too! Not your typical fried crab cake. In fact, it wasn't really fried [much] at all. The hollandaise is pretty traditional, having a rich buttery and citrus taste. Served with house potatoes, this benedict is among my faves [and I it's up there for the fiancee].Top to bottom, we had a great experience at L&E. Service was on point. Food was top notch. Can't wait to go back [and wait for a table]!!I wish I lived closer to L&E. The staff here is textbook trained, While I was waiting at the bar the bartender was busy but acknowledged and greeted me and stopped what he was doing and gave me a drink menu so while he finished up I could decide what I wanted, I ordered my drink and the bartender was still busy so he asked the free bartender to make it. Well done! The bartender kindly have me my drink and it was only $8! Most places would charge $12 for a signature drink. I paid for my drink and was thanked and when I was thanked again. VERY PROFESSIONAL.A casually rustic atmosphere L&E is a good place to go with friends. Not a singles scene FYI.I love that they have rooms upstairs to rent like saloons of the past.Amazing service and eclectic food and drinks. Just have your server tell you what to order. Best chicken I have ever had!Have been to dinner here about 4 times during the week.  Arrive early to have a shorter wait.All servers are very knowledgeable about the menu and the bartenders give excellent servers.  When our friend ordered his bourbon neat with a little ice, the bartender showed him the size of the ice cubes and asked him if he wanted one or two!  Wow!  Phenomenal concept, listen and ask questions instead of assuming!  Ask the server about the food items.  Don't be shy.  They give reliable information, and, if asked, will tell you their own favorites.My cauliflower and lentil big plate continues to be one of my favorites, but I always make sure to request no added salt.  The greens with green goddess dressing is terrific, but pescetarian, not vegan or vegetarian.  The trout and other fish big plates I have tried are very good.The husband has enjoyed poultry dishes.  Daughter the elder loved the veal heart small plate which sated her hunger.  The son in law enjoyed his meal.  Everyone who has accompanied us to a meal here has enjoyed themselves, the service, the decor, the food.The only negative is that the desserts skate upon the edge of pretentious - both in their ingredients and their flavors.  You may want to forgo having a dessert here in favor of an after dinner port, liqueur, cocktail, or coffee.The coffee (both full octane and decaf) is excellent.  I haven't tried their teas.  Terrific options for transportation.  Public pay lot and Blue Line station are across Kedzie from the Longman and Eagle and there are lots of buses.I highly recommend Longman Zander Eagle!Despite living stumbling distance from Longman & Eagle, I finally just made my inaugural visit today.  I hate to say it - but I've been scared away by the crowds.  Given that I arrived at 2:40 for a lunch service that ends at 3 and the place was packed - well, maybe staying away this long wasn't so irrational.Anyway, I happily secured one of the spots at the bar - just in front of the whiskey/rye/bourbon display (and oh what a display it was!).  Even though it was mid-afternoon (ok, on a Friday, but still) the bartender was working her ass off, but nonetheless friendly and attentive.  The place definitely has a hipster vibe, so in my opinion service can go either way (Big Star, aka Hipster Heaven has some of the worst service it has ever been my displeasure to experience).  So yay for the bartender.I ordered myself up a burger (cheddar, bacon, and fried egg, thankyouverymuch) accompanied by beef fat fries.  I don't know what's with the trend of animal fat fries, but I am certainly glad I'm not a vegetarian!So - it was solid.  The burger was tasty and cooked how I ordered it - great flavors, good bun that could hold up to it.  If I had a complaint it would be that this thing is TALL.  As in, I could barely open my mouth wide enough to bite it.  In theory, bigger is better, but if I have to smash everything down to take a bite...  maybe a little less big is better?  The beef fat fries were also tasty - some of them were a little soggy, but that's actually a compliment - I happen to like them that way.I would love to come on a day when I can hang out and try more of their beers and I am dying to try the dinner menu.  Could y'all maybe take a break from Longman & Eagle so it's easier for me to get in?I enjoyed brunch here so very much. Tried the wild boar sloppy joe, and I'm so glad I did. Their breakfast cocktails are varied and skillfully crafted so I highly recommend challenging your comfort zone.Other great find = their bourbon menu! Many options that are going gangbusters right now, including Johnny Drum. I use their bourbon list to build my own home collection. Prices are really quite fair. I'd love to stay at the inn one day.My favorite restaurant during my trip to Chicago. I read some reviews and ordered similar items that others have tried and I loved every single dish. Started with the sweetbreads (never had it before but was delish), puff pastry w bleu cheese (cheesy and tasty), bone marrow with crostinis (my favorite) and wild boar sloppy joe. These dishes were the perfect size to split and it was more than enough food for two. For dessert, we tried the cornbread pudding (how do you make this?! I want to know!) and crispy chocolate thing w Fernet. I was in heaven. Definitely worth trying out. I left more than happy :)Come to San Francisco and open a L&E!The concept of this place is so cool, you can drink, grab a room upstairs, and come down and have breakfast the next day!  Te Food:-sunny side hen egg has with pork belly, nicholas farm spring onions, yukon gold potato, black truffle vinaigrette $12 ... this was really really tasty.  thee eggs were cooked perfectly and the pork belly was crisp on the outside.  There was also a great mustard sauce that complemented everything perfectly! -swan creek pork belly bit, arugula, tomato fennel jam, pickled red onion, secret sauce $11 ... I only had a bite of this and the bite I had was good.  My bf really liked it though.  Overall I thought this place was really cool and had tons of character ... the food was great also!This is a trek from my usual stomping grounds, but I liked it so much that I came back twice in one week!The scallops were delish and the sloppy joe and fries were a great twist on a classic.They have an extensive bourbon and whiskey selection, but I'm not a fan.  My friend, however drinks whiskey like it's his job, and he was impressed with the offerings.4.5 stars on my scaleThis was my third visit to L&E. My first two visits I came too late for the food service and had to settle for cocktails. This bar has a huge selection of beers. The cocktails are just okay. I had the Full House and wasnt very happy with the rubbing alcohol taste. Supposedly it was the lightest drink on the menu...granted I'm not a big drinker, but I think I would have ended up on the floor if I finished that drink. Maybe that's why they have rooms you can rent out...  Anyways, finally got a chance to taste what L&E is all about. Sadly, I'm a sucker for hype and L&E was able to live up to it. I had the pork shoulder over soft potatoes dressed with a small green salad and small bacon tidbits on top. The dish had the right amount of seasoning and salt from the bacon. I liked the nicely charred pork.  For dessert I had the donuts with shredded parmesan and goat cheese gelato. Doughy goodness! After glancing over the latest reviews, the three times I've been there I've had good service. Note, the Full House drink I disliked was happily replaced by the bartender.While the smattering of fruit flies at the beer taps entertained me with their acrobatic dance, even they weren't enough to distract me from the lack of fruitful service behind the bar. Waiting for a beer was a painful exercise in futility. I felt parched, as I watched my empty glass for what seemed an eternity as the barkeep cleaned glasses, checked her watch, chatted up other patrons....anything but refill my glass. It was as if I had become invisible.  Once a staff change took place, it was a different story. New drinks were poured before the last was empty. And they even offered to take my food order! The result was a tasty burger, cooked to perfection, topped with meaty bacon and delicious cheddar. The frog leg appetizer was equally delicious. Something like mini chicken wings, with a little heat,  accompanied by whipped blue cheese. Yumm.This place is up-and-coming if you're a mid 30's Time Out Chicago reader who lives in a nice house around the corner. But fuck you, they've got a Michelin star, they really don't need street cred!Luckily no wait was needed due to it being a weekday. The lighting was a bit low for my taste (at least for brunch's sake), which may have had something to do with the dark walls. I considered what suicide would be appropriate against this gray. "Isn't the decor beautiful?" my friend noted. I sat staring at the large photo of mysterious pine trees and listened to nearby banter of 40-something women who probably fancied themselves Sex and the City chic as well as some woman who was way too old to say things like "rad" or "bitch slap".Our waiter was a nice, nervous fellow who was the right mix of skinny and chic-ironic lumberjack shirt. I kind of wanted to pat him on the head and lull him to sleep. Let's pretend that didn't make me sound creepy or less credible.I decided on the duck egg hash hoping it was going to be like a corned beef hash instead of a potato hash browns which I've also never had. Either way, it tasted fantastic. The sauce, the shredded duck, the truffles, the potatoes were working together in a tangy but light way. I ordered a side of bacon which tasted pretty good, but was saddened it was not thick cut; I tend to expect bacon-steaks from upscale places. And I loved my latte that was not too hot, although my friend informed me it was not properly made (he would know, I would not) as in brought to it's ripened point so to speak. Expensive? Hell yeah. Happy? Hell yeah. If I were an established adult and not a poor barely getting out of school kid, I would come back.Logan Square is not my usual stomping grounds and I am the farthest thing from a hipster, but OMG was it worth it. L&E is worth a miserable trip on the blue line any day. The ambiance is chill but classy, and while it exudes this "hipper than thou" mentality, it works perfectly (granted I was the only person in the room not wearing a plaid flannel button-up). Our server was also adorable, which is always a plus. The only aspect of the meal I wasn't crazy about was the appetizer - the buffalo frog legs. (definitely not my first choice but hey, I'll eat anything). I just was generally unimpressed. Buffalo always feels like a cop out anyhow. I had some fish entree, which i can't remember and it isn't on the menu anymore (sorry, not helpful) but it was amazing. I wasn't sure what to expect and it blew my mind. However, my friend struck the jackpot. The pork belly. drool.. If i were making a list of reasons to move to Logan Square, #1 would be this dish. no jokes. So, make the trip. Try it out. I can't imagine anyone being disappointed.Came here for drinks at about 10pm on a Sunday night and it was packed--PACKED!  On a Sunday night!!  Don't people have to work tomorrow??Well we did, but that didn't stop us from getting a few great cocktails at the bar and staying for almost three hours.  I loved the feel of L&E: exposed brick, dimly lit, and a bit crowded, but with a classy, hipster/chic feel.  We were told when we first arrived that it might be a 30-45 minute wait for a table, and the bar was already packed.  Luckily, we hung around and were seated in about 15 minutes at a quieter table in the back room.  Now I'm not much of a Whiskey connoiseur, and let's just say the bulk of my drinks in college were single or double shots of Smirnoff from the nearest Jewel Osco (shameful, I know)....but I will say that now, I can appreciate a good drink when I find one.  There was a great craft cocktail selection to choose from, and the drinks were strong and the service was friendly.  A waitress even came by offering free shots of whiskey.  What a great place!  Wish I could say more about the food, but neither of us was hungry, but we split a cheese plate and each had a pretzel.  What we did have was delicious, and I will definitely be back again, hopefully for brunch or dinner!I have had many a memorable evening at Longman & Eagle. The cocktails are peerless. They are inventive yet don't take you too far into the rabbit hole. I have had burgers, vegetarian specials and an array of appetizers. Even the cheese plate was great. One day had an afternoon craving and the cheese plate was really all that was available before dinner service started. You may be full but - portions are ample - leave room for dessert. Whether savory or sweet is your thing you will find a nice finish to a great meal. I took off one star hoping the door staff might tone down the attitude just a bit. While rare, you can be a friendly hipster. I give loads of extra points for that.We went when the weather was nice, and sat outside... (nice... it's loud inside)...this place was spec-freakin'-tacular!  The food was unbelievable (although contemporary-style, so small, but delicious).I had the Slagel Pork Belly... it was almost too good (is that possible)... I was sad to finish it.. it arrived with tiny pieces of cabbage, and a splash of something tasty decorating the plate.Others at our table had skirt steak, the Roast Char (some kind of atlantic fish), and the roasted Cauliflower.  We all tasted from everyone's plate.  Everything was divine.But wait... I forgot to tell you what we had before dinner arrived. Longman and Eagle has BOURBON flights... that's right... 3 very small glasses of different bourbons, at different prices... my buddy and I each got two different bourbon flights, and shared... you got to taste them side-by-side, an interesting experience.btw.... Longman and Eagle... I had to look up the name of the restaurant... seemed kind of a strange name...right?The column standing in the middle of Logan Square is the Illinois Centennial Monument.  Designed by Henry Bacon and built in 1918 to celebrate Illinois' centennial (duh), the reliefs were carved by Evelyn Beatrice LONGMAN, and features an EAGLE at the top of the column.Get it... LONGMAN & EAGLE... (although I would guess Bacon and Eagle, while more appropriate sounds too foody, so LONGMAN makes more sense).  Tada!My husband and I tried the brunch on 12/16 - it was about a 30-45 min wait - we didn't have time for, BUT they had two seats at the bar. So we decided to try that!It was one of the most fun bunch experiences I've had. The bartender was super friendly and fun and talked to us while making all the drinks. Some of the best cocktails I've had...some bourbon ginger concoction - amazing. We had Housemade Biscuits and Slagel Family Farms Pork Sausage Gravy - seriously amazing. Best gravy ever. And the Market Scramble of Roasted Peppers, Arugula, Seasonal Mushrooms, Montelarreina Cheese, La Boulangerie Croissant {Choice of House Potatoes or Mixed Greens}. The meal was sooo good. We had such a fun time sitting at the bar and chatting with other people. We are definitely going back soon!! But early so we can get a seat right away ;)Update: I went back to L&E with out-of-town family because I knew they would like it.Much to my delight, they've added a few vegetarian dishes and even had a vegetarian insert in the menu! That was swell for me and my vegetarian sister-in-law. I'm a vegan now, and so I got an awesome salad minus the cheese and again, the cauliflower dish, but it tasted much better this time- I'm not sure what they changed, but it was tasty! The server was great, and even made sure to ask if I could have my dish cooked in butter, which I hadn't even thought about because I'm so used to cooking with olive oil.We had a long wait- 2 hours- and a table of VIP politicians got to jump in front of us in line, but it's Chicago- what do you expect? Also, I got a very nice response from the owner of L&E after my previous review, which I greatly appreciated. I'm glad I went back!The food and drink at longman is notoriously good. The main reason this review is three stars and not five is because the service sucked on my last visit. Middle of the day. Half empty restaurant. Bunch of people standing around while we waited for everything from drinks, to condiments, to silverware. I had to give the Vulcan death stare at least three times after we'd waiting too long. Get it together, seriously.  The cheddar on the burger was amazing, but it almost overpowered the most important component: the delicious beef. It was still an excellent burger. The fries cooked in beef fat were pretty awesome as well. The bloody mary's are just okay. Throw some cheese, olives, pickles, peppers, and sausage on a skewer . Dunk a celery stalk in there and make it official.  At least nobody was rude (out server was actually very nice).  And the food is really good. I've been to Longman a handful of times only but every time the food stands out. Next time I'm going for the chicken and waffles.Went here for brunch today after checking the wait at lula and was way happy. I mean really how can a shredded pig face sandwich cooked in duck fat with a duck egg on top be bad?  My only complaint was there was no wait, but for some reason the hostess wanted u to wait five minutes for an obviously open table?  I don't get it. Otherwise the service was fine.I had been to Longman & Eagle twice prior to my latest visit. The first time I had the Wild Boar Sloppy Joe which was good, not great. I was impressed with the thinking outside the box, but the deep fride sage was a little over powering for me. The second time was just for drinks. While I have not been impressed with their cocktails, I almost had a heart attack when I saw the whiskey list. This past time I went, I was set on one dish until I asked a question to our knowledgeable waiter. I decided on the Venison leg with spaetzle and piggy sprouts. What are piggy sprouts? Brussle sprouts cooked in bacon fat. This was easily one of the top 5 meals I've ever had. It was amazing! I'll be back many times, but I'll stick to drinking my whiskey on the rocks.I came for brunch a few weeks back and it was my first visit to a Michelin-starred restaurant in Chicago. I'd like to come back for dinner soon as brunch was very good. This hip whiskey-forward gastropub is charming and rustic, definitely a refreshing change of pace from the "fine dining" establishments that dominate Michelin. We sat outside on the lovely patio. It was rather empty. The service was sufficient and honest. The food was great, as were the cocktails. Recommended: the backwoods revival. Why come here and not get whisky? Food: steak and eggs for me, smoked salmon benedict for her. The steak and eggs were delicious, a beautiful little flank steak in a red wine demi-glaze with two eggs (over-easy) and some phenomenal beef fat potatoes. Get the potatoes -- they will haunt you in a very positive way. The steak was too medium for me so specify if you want less. The salmon benedict was a deconstructed take on a reuben , served on a toasted piece of pumpernickel with a generous portion of smoked salmon, poached egg, thousand island hollandaise, red onion and the special ingredient -- salmon roe. It was the perfect touch bringing in a salty kick at the end of the palate. I'm sure some of the dishes are less awesome, but these two didn't disappoint.I was here for Brunch the other day.The service was great (Brendan was perfect), the meal was overall pretty awesome (minus the cheese grits, skip them).  The Longman Manhattan was wonderful (even at brunch).  Generally, I was a happy clam.Biggest gripe was that the host at the front screwed up, and sat us inside after about a 30 min wait (which was supposed to be 10 min) for an outside table, saying it would be another hour to sit outside.  The lack of communication at the front desk amongst the hosts, as well as  the communication to us from the frontdesk really rubbed me the wrong way.  However, the rest of the experience was superb, and I look forward to going back for dinner sometime.Brunch at Longman & Eagle is really special & totally tasty.The most memorable dish of the table was the biscuits and gravy served with one hour eggs. This was a badass breakfast plate: the biscuits were huge and the gravy had bonus pieces of meat throughout!  But the one hour eggs were the the most amazing thing: Not quite opaque, not quite translucent but a very appealing consistency. The waiter explained that they are cooked in the shell at a certain temperature for one hour and then heated once again before being served. Kind of like an egg sous-vide. I had the smoked salmon plate, which is one of the tamer menu choices. I really wanted to know what grated eggs were...hard boiled eggs, chopped. The plating made this a very special meal. It's served on a large square plate with the ingredients clustered  in one corner to free up space for assembly. All the ingredients were fantastic, but I cannot stop thinking about how the bread was the perfect vehicle for all the goodies.My friend ordered a omelet stuffed with morels and nettles. I couldn't believe the number of morels inside! My friend also lucked out by ordering a series of mini items that were fun to play with:  mini beer served alongside her bloody Mary, mini spoon and mini creamer served with her coffee. She loves mini things and was very happy.The dark wood interior looked really pretty in the daylight.Writing a review for a Michelin rated restaurant?  Don't I feel like a high falutin' asshat?  Yes, yes I do.Anyway, the bone marrow.  Get it, thank me later.  Go here, eat, drink, thank the owner and staff for taking the pretentiousness out of fine dining.  If there was one downfall to Longman & Eagle; no Clontarf Single Malt.Incredible!  Great for vegetarians and meat-eaters alike.  Would consider a trip back to Chicago just for Longman & Eagle...Distance makes the heart grow fonder.I just moved away from Chicago and after some dining experiences in my new city, I never realized what I had.  Longman & Eagle represents the best possible intersection of inventiveness, price, and overall experience of any restaurant I have been to.  The food and cocktails are interesting and unforgettable.  The service is knowledgeable and unobtrusive. Depending on your personal price range, it could be a fun dinner with friends, a great date spot, or a place to splurge.  Do yourself a favor and get some house cocktails and several courses, you won't regret it.Longman & Eagle is one of the best dining experiences I've had of late.I dined on a weekday night with friends and although we anticipated a long(ish) wait for a table, we were promptly seated in their back room, which was ideal for our party. Good start.Everything we ate was delicious.  The burger, although a seemingly less-sophisticated option than some of their other offerings, was exceptional. The warm cheese gougeres were great.  And my favorite dish was the walleye with lobster, potato gnocchi, beets, and 'shrooms. My fellow--and more carnivorous--diners raved about the shortrib.Also of note is their cocktail selection.  95% of the time while dining out I opt for wine or beer, but, I couldn't resist all the enticing options at Longman & Eagle, so I asked our very helpful server for a rec.  I said that I liked tequila, and he recommended the Florinda.  YUM. I had 2, and wish I could have another right now.Came here with a few co-workers and oh man, the best chicken I've ever had, seriously. It was smooth like butter, and seasoned just right. The wait was a little long for getting our food, but it was well worth it. Had the creme brule for dessert, it was a little bland, but the jam served on the side made up for it.  The wait staff was a little weird. Apparently they won't sit you at your table until your entire party is present, and everyone on the table wants a drink but me (or at least that's how I took it when I wasn't even asked if I wanted one). But then again....the chicken!Why did I never see you before, Longman and Eagle?  Came here for brunch with a friend this morning--and i will definitely be going back.The food is good.  and fresh,  they go for the farm to table kind of experience. love it.  and they have an adorable outdoor patio.the atmosphere is quaint with an upscale vibe.  instead of having waiters refill your water, they provide you with a glass bottle with a cork stopper and it's full of cold water so you can refill your cup at your leisure.  and they come and switch out the bottles too!  if i ever open a restaurant i'm stealing that idea. (shh)Since it was brunch, and we both wanted a little sweet and salty, we split the monte cristo (ham, Gruyere, french toast w/ syrup) and their burger with BEEF FAT FRIES.  goodness.The monte cristo's french toast was a little soggy & smushy on the inside, but they provided the perfect amount of maple syrup to go with the saltiness of the ham and the deliciousness of the cheese and the oh so crisp delicate outside of the french toast.  delish.  plus a side salad of that fancy pretty lettuce.now the burger.  ohhh the burger.  absolutely delicious aged cheddar, 2 strips of thick bacon, and it all had the awesome charred taste that only comes from being grilled.  and the fries had so much flavor!  i'm sure that beef fat is making its home in my arteries, but hey, every once in a while, yeah?My friend's in culinary school and he loved this place too.  We couldn't decide which dish we liked better, and for a total of $15 a person, I don't think we'll ever have to chose.I came here for the first time today for brunch. Longman & Eagle has sort of a casual, rustic feel -- I really liked the exposed brick, the wooden tables, the large windows, and the lighting fixtures. Whoever designed this place really paid attention to detail, even down to soap containers in the bathroom. Plus, I have a random obsession with ampersands and I loved how they included the ampersand on the menus and the sign outside.With that being said, the food itself is great as well. My boyfriend and I were promptly seated and brought water and coffee. I ordered the duck hash and my boyfriend had the crab benedict. The duck hash was highly recommended by our waiter and I have to say that I wasn't disappointed. He did warn me that it would be very "fatty." It was slightly on the oily side and was pretty heavy, but I enjoyed it nonetheless. My boyfriend also liked his crab benedict, which I tasted and seemed like lighter than the traditional eggs benedict and was less salty than my dish.Even though our waiter was attentive and friendly, our dishes took about 20 minutes to come out, which seemed way too long for the type of food that we ordered. Our food wasn't even hot by the time it came out, just lukewarm. In addition, I noticed that the couple sitting right next to us were waiting for about 10-15 minutes before their waiter took their order. We went at Sunday around 2pm and it just didn't seem that busy to justify such slow service.On a random last note, I would recommend wearing plaid to this restaurant to fit in with the crowd. Haha...My first experience at Longman & Eagle was not so pleasant. Just a mix up with the hostesses on our reservation, resulting in an additional 45 minutes to our 1.5 hour wait. I threw a temper tantrum and the hostesses gave us drink chips for our next visit. Anyway, I am thrilled I threw my grudge out because this place is amazing! Yes, the wait is awful, but you have to play it like you would at Kuma's. I had some awesome friends put down their names and I just met them in time to be seated. Despite being crowded, service was good and quick. My friends and I all took bites from each other's dishes so we could try a little bit of everything. I was a fan of the duck rillettes and the lobster bisque our server had us all sample. Very rich and flavorful!I wasn't voraciously hungry so I went with a small plate of scallops, oxtail, gnocchi etc. My scallops were super fresh and perfectly seared. All the ingredients in this small plate complimented each other amazingly. It was a great execution of surf and turf. Other highlights were my friend's pork belly (fine I admit it, L&E's rivals my mother's recipe for pork belly. HMPH) and the beef fat fries. Okay, so this place isn't the best for group dining and its definitely not cheap. However, if you're looking for a one of a kind experience that is definitely worth the $ and the time, you need to come to Longman & Eagle.One of the best meals I've eaten in Chicago.We had:Foie Gras with Hot chocolate: One of the richest dishes we've eaten and a perfect combination of flavors. We had to take breathers in between bites!Marrow Bones: Awesome. So good I was scraping the bones long after we'd gotten all the marrow. =PWild Boar Sloppy Joe: Great flavor, just the right hint of spicy.Venison steak: Cooked perfectly and delicious.Bittersweet "Manjari" Chocolate Tart, Bourbon Tapioca, Malt Cream: One of my favorite desserts. So rich though, that we had to take more than half home to finish later!The Kentucky Colonel I had to drink was also mixed very well. The only downside to this place is that it seems like it's always busy. We got there at 5:30 on a Sunday and were the last people to get seated right away. Too bad they don't take reservations! There's a parking lot right across the street, so don't fret about the lack of street parking in the area.I've been here a few times and it just seems to get better every time. My last visit was for brunch because Bongo Room turned us away at 2.30p. No worries because L&E serves brunch until 3p and they are servin' it up RIGHT!We were seated right away. I had the duck hash and an Irish coffee. The Irish coffee was stout and hash was deeee-lish. Next time I visit I'll have to try the PBR breakfast, which is available sans PBR for $1 less (HA!).Ricotta Gnuddi-I need 10 more on my plate please.  The marble size gnuddi make me yearn for more.  The prok belly entree-crispy skin, melt in my mouth belly fat, meat that falls apart tender.The gruyere donut dessert-Sweet and savory, maple syrup, whipped goat cheese to dip.And the yuzu toody-great winter drink!I will start by saying that I was really surprised to find a wait for a table on a non-prime night.  The place was packed!  We waited for about 40min (which I understand is a relatively good wait time for this spot).  During this time, there were a few open tables in the back of the restaurant which remained open.  I'm not sure why this was when there were groups waiting - maybe short on servers?In any case, during my wait, I was able to check out the drink list.  Obviously, if you are a whiskey drinker, this place is for you.  However, they also have a pretty extensive beer list and other beverages.  The wine list is interesting and had a good selection for reasonable prices.  The food was really good.  I tried the bone marrow (very delicious - my only complaint - not enough marrow and I didn't really enjoy the relish on top - I would have rather it had been on the side), wild boar sloppy joe (really delicious), venison pate (yum - if I would have noticed that it was bacon wrapped, I would have eaten more bacon - but it seemed to be only fat, so I skipped it), and the scallops (perfectly cooked and divine).  I especially enjoyed that the items that came with bread or crostini came with plenty of bread.  There is nothing more annoying that getting 1 piece of bread with 4 oz of pate and having to ask repeatedly for more.  The atmosphere was very loud.  I almost had to yell during dinner until some of the tables cleared out - definitely not a quiet spot.  It was lively and fun.  The lighting was good - especially in the bar area.  I especially enjoyed the bathroom as there were reclaimed doors making up some of the stall walls and doors.  I thought this was very neat.  I would have preferred the soap to have a less distinctive smell...but, obviously that's minor.I really didn't like the server.  He wasn't very helpful and he seemed annoyed at times.  He also visited the table next to us many more times than he visited our table.  This wasn't a major issue, and everyone else that helped out was very nice, but the server, coupled with the open tables while people were waiting made me go less than 5 stars on this one.One of the best meals I have ever had.  Now it sucks it takes forever to get a table on a busy night and they don't take reservations but it is worth it completely.  So pull up to the bar have a great drink (I was drinking Pappy VanWinkle that night, what a selection of liquors and beer) and wait for a table you will be thanking yourself.Me and my dining companion started with the buffalo frog legs.  Which was just fun to try.  Tasty and the old adage is true, "Tastes Like Chicken".  The homemade blue cheese dipping sauce that came on the side was fantastic.For my entree I had the grilled Berkshire pork chop with head-on prawns and hush puppies (That's right HUSH PUPPIES!).  It also came with Bacon Braised Swiss Chard and was in a Black Pepper Shrimp Sauce.  This meal was cooked artfully and with tons of flavor.  The pork chop was cooked just right and was tender and had a good ratio of meat to fat which just enhanced the flavor even more.  The prawns were a great add on and were paired well with the pork chop and the black pepper shirmp sauce. The hush puppies were everything you would hope for.  Golden brown on the inside and so tender and quite tasty.  My dining partner had the vegetarian butternut squash risotto.  Which I was lucky enough to try and was delicious....but not as delicious as that beast of a pork chop.I will defiantly  go back there.  It is a bit expensive and if you like a good drink it will cost you even more.  But a great place for special date or occasion.  And with their menu which seems to change from time to time I can't wait to see what they will have next.So, I live out in the 'burbs, but a couple times a month I try to head into the city to go out to eat with a foodie buddy of mine. This time though, we didn't even meet up til almost 10, so we knew our food choices would be limited to bars. After a short perusal of this site, we settled on Longman & Eagle - but we did not "settle" on quality of food. It was without a doubt the best food I've had in a hipster bar/pub ever. I think the experience would have been even better for me if my drink tastes didn't run (in the words of my friend) "from the girly to the super girly" since this place had a bourbon selection that made my friend swoon (85ish).The Great:What we ordered: 3 drinks, the welsh rarebit (that crispy soft pretzel was AMAZING) - bar snack, ricotta gnudi - small plate, tete du cuchon - small plate, pork shoulder - entree, and flank steak - entree. This perfectly rare specimen of steak was mine, and I cleaned my plate. Even with a morel jus (I'm not a mushroom fan) and creamed ramps (the closest I get to dark greens is spinach dip).The Good:All of the above for $125 (including tax and tip).The Less than Good:The one, singular complaint I have about the food is that my steak was a little over-salted - not to the point where it wasn't yummy, but the salt made it taste less steaky and probably not as delicious as it could have been.Yum yum!  Pork belly was wonderful, and the venison was pretty good as well - I will assume the rest of the menu is just as delish and well-prepared! Nice accompanyments and presentation.  It's a little odd to sit in the back room if you were looking for something more social or sceney...it's secluded with fewer tables, quieter, OH and then with the tables being so close, it can be an awkward start for a first date, along with #1 below (ahem).After dinner hours, it is a good barish scene.Two negatives:1) Crowded space, so if it's busy (as usual) and you have to wait for your seat, the bar can be too crowded to stand at, yet if you don't want to drink you have little other space to go once inside the door.  2) Went once during Summer of 2010 with 3 other girls - was getting about 30 mins from close, we just wanted a cocktail and got no service outside for 15 mintues so we left.  Maybe a fluke.Regardless of anything above, it's a must go-to - and it's in the up-and-coming Logan Square, which I love!OK.  Kind of obsessed with this place now.  How does that occur after only two visits?  We have been there once for drinks on a Friday evening, & once for brunch on a Sunday morning.  Both times we left, with the desire to immediately return (which has not yet been an option since we do not reside in Chicago).First of all - if you enjoy a fine crafted cocktail, or an excellent beer selection - Longman & Eagle will not disappoint.  If you are hungry, AND if you are like me, & prefer that the people making your food share a philosophy of sourcing local ingredients - again you will not be disappointed.  AND if you want to try the BEST potatoes ever - I suggest heading to Longman & Eagle for brunch immediately.  My breakfast potatoes tasted like nothing I had ever had in my life.  I was not aware potatoes could BE this good.  In fact , I really have not been enjoying potatoes all that much recently (avoiding nightshades as much as possible, & frankly they just aren't as tasty as I once thought they were).  But THESE potatoes.  OMG.  I could go on forever.  Just try them.This particular establishment has a lot going for it.  It is in an adorable Logan Square neighborhood.  They have an outside seating area.  The drink menu is extensive, & the food is top notch.  Whiskey flights anyone? But in addition to that -- this place has lodging.  They have six rooms for overnight stay.  I am intrigued enough , that even though we have other options (friends to stay with)  I am quite certain we ARE going to stay there at least once.  It just seems like we need to. Maybe that way I can ensure that we will eat there for breakfast, lunch, dinner, AND late night food/drinks.A true standout among Chicago gastrpubs. We went to Longman late...around 9:30 pm on a Monday night and there was still a 30 min wait! However, they have a cozy beer garden outside with picnic benches and a limited bar which was fine with us to down a glass of neat scotch and chill while we waited.After almost exactly half an hour we were seated and immediately ordered a couple of cocktails. I opted for the Old Fashioned, which was delicious (although not quite as good as the Whistler).  For eats we started with the pork belly bao and endive salad. The salad was good, but not Michelin star good, and the bao was exceptionally larger than I had expected. It was enough for a reasonably sized appetizer and at only $5? Definitely a pleasant surprise.For our entrees we ordered the goat sausage and the soft shelled crab. The sausage was hand made and served with lentils with a wonderful coarsely textured mustard. The sausage was very lean and a bit spicy. The soft shelled crab was massive. Served whole and fried crispy, it was a treat. They had fried it carefully so as not to over cook the crab. The crab meat was soft and sweet and melt in your mouth good. Overall we had a very enjoyable meal at Longman. Was it Michelin star caliber? I would say maybe...again the food was great and service stellar, but I guess it doesn't fit the mold of restaurants that typically receive a star, but there's no disputing that this place serves up some tasty food and drinks, and there's no denying that.To combat the 2 hour wait for a table during dinner, we went in the mid-afternoon. There was still a fairly long wait. I guess this place must open up with hipsters camped on its damn doorstep.I'll agree with everyone else - the food was adventurous and interesting. The portions were smaller than expected, and the chefs seemed to be having this whipping fit in the kitchen, so everything came with some sort of whipped cap upon it, whether or not it fit the theme of the meal. But to their credit, every whipped up whatever was fantastic. I didn't know you could do that to turnips.The tables were pretty cramped and I felt like the busboys were waiting, poised to leap at the table and snatch away the plates as our forks lifted the last morsel of food from them. Probably because the busboys were indeed waiting by our table and eyeing us, poised to leap at the table to take away our plates. Were they running low on plates? Or did they just want us to pour our food into our gullets and move along so they could stuff another couple of eager bearded plaid-wearing patrons into our spot?Whatever the case, I felt hurried along about the food and deprived about drinks. I didn't think a water refill and a beer with dinner was unreasonable, but I guess that's just how it goes when you're seating 60 people in a room meant for 25. The staff could barely move about.Oh Longman, how Iove thee!!! Although we've been here at least 10 times, recently it has been mostly for brunch, due to the long waits... Brunch does not disappoint though and I love that they are always sprinkling in some new dishes while keeping my favorites :) We love the duck hash, strada and the crab Benedict as some of the staples that are always no the menu. The cure to any hangover is the pork belly blt, that amount of fat can help any amount of alcohol consumption. Fries for breakfast? Sure! I don't want to stand in line for 2 hours for dinner, so you have to satisfy that craving in some way. My parents also LOVE this restaurant and have before patiently waited for over 2 hours to be seated :) Of course, fantastic whiskey drink do help in the wait... We will be coming back over and over again, just hope that other people choose not to so the lines aren't as long... Not sure why I am writing this review then...Please do not come here with kids or with parties of more then 6 people. We came here once with 6 people on a Tuesday at about 6 pm to a 2 hour wait...After all the hype, I am happy to say that Longman & Eagle truly lives up to it's reputation as being a foodie fave.  With the delicate, balanced flavors of each dish, I savored each bite.  Huge respect for the chef.  We stopped in shortly after they opened on Saturday morning and was told we had a 10 minute wait.  So we strolled around Logan Square and came back just in time for them to give away our table.  No problem, we saddled up to the bar as I wanted to peek into the small three man kitchen to see the magic happen.  My friend's elbow was barely in the "service area" and the bartender asked him to move.  I almost took away a star for this, but our server made up for his foolishness.  I understand if the place was crazy busy, maybe the elbow would have been a slight inconvenience, but we were barely there long enough for one person to come into the space.  Perusing the menu, I stopped on the Tete de cochon - something I have never eaten and was immediately curious to try.  Literally, head of pig, the dish is served on toasted brioche with just enough arugula and pickled red onions to add a bright pop of acid and spice, and topped with a beautifully cooked, brilliantly yellow sunny side up duck egg.  The tete itself was a porcine treat that has me longing for more.  Served sliced from a roulade, the texture was sublimely smooth, and I knew we should have ordered two of these.  As I wanted to try two different dishes, I had to part with half of my tete, although I knew my friend would enjoy his just as much as I did.On recommendation from the server, we also had the duck hash, with two sunny side up duck eggs, yukon golds, duck confit, and a truffle vinaigrette.  The truffle flavor was strong without overpowering the dish, and the confit melded together with the potatoes and gorgeous yolk that I wanted to soak up in each bite.Definitely looking forward to a return visit.This is for 3.5, I was thoroughly disappointed by our desserts..and if you know anything about me, desserts can either make or break you. However despite the desserts, everything else was great.  To start, my BF and I went here for our anniversary dinner.  We arrived on Saturday night and they quoted a hour wait for us.  We headed toward the bar and there we admired the skill of our bartender who was mixing up some crazy drinks!   We started out with beers but after realizing how many interesting sounding whisky cocktails were on the menu, we both switched over to a whiskey drink - sidecar for me and an old fashioned for my BF.  I would highly recommend the old fashioned. Then we were seated at a table in the back.  Service is wonderful and our server was very knowlegable in both the cuisine and the drinks.  At the table we ordered another round of drinks.  We started with the scallops and oxtail which was great, my BF was in love with this dish.  And what was not to love, the scallops were cooked perfectly with a golden brown crust, it came with homemade gnocchi which was fried on each side.  I have never had gnocchi prepared this way and it gave the gnocchi an extra dimension of flavor.  Then we shared the antelope entree.  This was my first time having antelope, it was not gamely at all and was simply delicous!  Then came our foie gras mousse - which was not as foe gras tasting as I would like, I think the juniper berries distracted from the flavor and there was some type of other jelly mixed in.  My BF had one bite and didn't touch the plate again.To end the email, we ordered two desserts, one chocolate terrin, and another dark chocolate dessert.  To be fair, our waiter recommended the corn bread pudding and we didn't take his advice so perhaps we deserved what was coming..but the two desserts were just awful.  It breaks my heart to even think about it.  I think I looked like I was about to cry (hey dessert is my fav part of every meal) and asked if he needed to take me to McDonalds for an ice cream cone.  I settled for another drink.  I would def come back to Longman and Eagle, I thought our dishes were pretty tasty, the drinks are awesome and service was wonderful.  Just take note that if you get dessert, go with what the waiter suggests or don't order it at all.  It's not worth the pain and heartbreak.Sweet lord, this place good. There will be a wait, so get a bartender's attention and have him make you the best Old Fashioned you've ever had. I was there with three friends and we were told there was a two hour wait. It turned out to be 40 minutes. Patience is a virtue.It was not as expensive as I expected, especially considering our massive order. We started off with drinks. I had an Old Fashioned and a Pisco Sour. Both were delicious, but the Pisco Sour was absolutely on point. During our wait we had a terrific bowl of olives, some killer meatballs, and a warm pretzel. All were fantastic, but the olives were my personal favorite.Our actual meal consisted of several small plates and several entrees. Highlights were the marrow bones, fois gras, and steak and egg. The steak and egg was an interesting presentation as the egg was served alongside the steak, soft-boiled inside a perfectly cooked ravioli. Surprisingly, the least impressive dish was a special small plate: lobster and sea urchin served over squid-ink cavatelli. It was very good, just not as good as expected. The menu changes often, so most of this review will probably be useless, but I can't imagine anyone having a sub-par experience based on my meal there. The waiters and bartenders are knowledgeable and more than happy to suggest dishes and drinks.Just got a chance to come back here for brunch...excellent dishes and wasn't disappointed, though I think the dinner menu was a bit more interesting and creative.I had the peeky toe crab benedicts, which had the most perfectly poached and gigantic eggs i have ever had. if you don't like runny egg/egg whites, this is probably not for you. What made this benedicts different from other places' was the semi-translucent, runny egg whites, sorta surrounding the brightly orange and gigantic egg yolks, which sat on top of the crab meat on two thick slices of english muffins i have ever seen at any brunch place. Very well made benedicts! I saw the "house potatoes" my friend had with his PBR breakfast...had i known this is how L&E does their house potatoes, i would have asked for it instead of my mixed greens with my benedicts! What was i thinking?The weekend punch was really refreshing as well, and went really well with our food choices :)I was excited to visit Longman & Eagle after hearing wonderful things about the place, but it definitely isn't for anyone who has a dairy allergy. I asked the waiter what food doesn't have dairy and was left with only one option. I paid $17 for a small, flavorless serving of vegetables. I would've been better off not eating.I'm sure this place is great if you have no allergies, but stay away if you do because there is nothing for you here!Three words: Beef. Fat. Fries. OBSESSED.Sunny side duck hash, duck confit, shallots, and black truffle vinaigrette is my staple.Up there with one of the best meals I've had in my life!  What can I add after 800+ yelpers have left their mark?1) Fried pig's head! Don't pass up on this!  Might have been the tastiest bite all night!2) Confirmation that reviews on the tartar, boar sloppy joe, pork shank, are all on point.3) the hedgehogs in the skate wing dish, refer to hedgehog mushrooms.  If you're an adventurous eater like yelpers tend to be, you might look a little sheepish and amuse the waitress inquiring about the prep process for spiny mammals.But start to finish, an incredible meal!This place has so much to love about I it, I don't even know where to start. Considering the place is so small and so popular, I was surprised we got right in; I certainly wasn't complaining though. Next, our waitress Stefanie was fantastic - uber friendly and extremely helpful in answering our questions about the menu. Now, the food part. The buffalo frog legs were delicious (especially dipped in the mousse-like blue cheese dip). The meatballs were decent (and helped remind me how yummy polenta is), and my entrée of the slow roasted cauliflower, lentils, caramelized onion, raisins, pickled mango and cucumber raita could have used a bit of a kick (more mango/raisins might have done the trick), but it was still scrumptious. However, my dad's pork belly was rockstar good.  If you're not a vegetarian, I'd say go with that option - you won't regret it.The spot itself is adorable - dark and cozy, it's a great locale for a dinner date. And the bourbon list is pretty impressive - I almost ordered the Michters since I've yet to see it offered in any restaurant around Chicago, but the beer list was calling my name just a little too loudly to be ignored. A full page of bourbon offerings ain't too shabby though, if you're looking for something with a little edge to accompany your meal. Great alcohol and food - reason enough to love this joint.Unbelievably great brunch at this cool gastropub.The whole hog crepinette was an incredible brunch dish with an interesting texture that went really well with the cheese grits and maple jus, which turned the savoriness of the dish into a breakfast meal.  The waiter suggested adding a fried egg on top, which just made it even better.  The roasted cauliflower with lentils, raisins, caramelized onions, and mango was an awesome and unique dish with a great combination of delicious flavors.The service was excellent and the prices were fantastic for the high quality of food.Have you ever read a profile on a dating site (let's just say OKCupid) where the striving dater (let's just say it's a 30 year old guy) starts his description by writing several hundred words (only three of which are used incorrectly) expressing shock that he's on a dating site, affirming that he's too cool/successful/smart to be on a dating site, justifying why he's then on a dating site, declaring that he's kind of forced to be on a dating site because everyone else is on a dating site, and finally asserting both your and his embarrassment that both of you have wound up on a dating site? This basically summarizes my feelings about Longman & Eagle. I feel like if someone I knew saw me eating here, I would pretend like I've never eaten here before and was just eating here to see what it was like, and just because other people eat here and... um, ugh. Yeah. And then I'd hope that they would do the same. Maybe if they did, then I could ask them to grab a chair. The truth of it is that sometimes we just have to face who we are. Even though Longman is the kind of place where all of the waitstaff spend multiples of their income pretending to look slightly unkempt, the fixtures creek under the weight of being faux reclaimed from a Scottish firehouse, and the pigs from which they source their bacon furrow their piggy brows trying to figure out how they will end up dehydrated and reconstituted into confit... I like it. A lot. It's good. At its basis, it's just a concept bar/restaurant (the hipsters who hate hipsters concept). But it's one that serves a good meal. And that's what's important.I love this place for it's delicious food and incredibly friendly waitresses. No matter how busy it may be, they don't try to rush you out. I met up an old friend here for a Saturday brunch around noon. We got here before the brunch rush and were seated right away. It got pretty busy while sitting there but the line seemed to moved quickly since there's lots  more seating in the back.Brunch recs:-The sunny side duck confit hash was delicious. Eat it quickly while it's hot so you don't realize how buttery bad it is for you. Really tasty.-Market scramble was fresh but very filling. We ended up staying for 3 hours, catching up and later ordering fantastic Bloody Mary's for dessert. Really AWESOME Bloody Mary's!!!!I had heard about Longman and Eagle from a waiter at a fancy downtown establishment who said that this was the place waitstaff and chefs visited after their shifts.  It did not disappoint.I have been looking for a new whiskey bar where I can drown my sorrows over losing In Fine Spirits in Andersonville.  I may have found it in Longman and Eagle.  What's more, they fry their fries in beef fat, have an outdoor bar, and serve the potentially pretentious duck testicle tapas dish, unpretentiously.This four stars in only based on one lovely visit, which took place on a hot summer night, where we were warned of a 15 minute wait that turned in 3 minutes.  My only complaint about the whole evening is that the outdoor bar (which is lovely) does not sell the yummy concoctions that they offer indoors or in the outdoor dining area-- this makes no sense to me.  I'll be back again and willing to give five stars!  I hope it does not disappoint.The food here is very good, and the flavors were very nuanced.  Unfortunately, they don't take reservations, though you can sit at the bar to eat.TIP: Though I think they have valet parking, I found street parking rough on a Sunday morning.So last night I stopped back at L&E at the end of a night filled with margaritas & tequila flights. All I wanted was one thing.The sloppy joe!My neighbor and I scouted ourselves two stools at the bar.  I still like the ambiance of this place, the staff and the crowd that comes in.The sloppy joe was good. It's def. different than most sloppy joe's since it's boars head. It's tasty and served on a yummy pretzel bun. I wouldn't say it was the BEST sloppy joe I've ever had, but definitely satisfying.The bartenders really know what they are doing and it was fun watching them make drinks- it's like a science experiement up there! And they are all super friendly. I'm still excited with glee that this place is in our hood. Go visit it.  Have some whiskey or one of their signature drinks.  Stay a while, enjoy something yummy to eat. And welcome to Logan Square, my friend!As I said in my first review, 'I'll come back often' ... and I have!  Many times for dinner, once for brunch and several times to sit in their new outside dining area and drink.First advice is: don't come too hungry.  The portions are delicious, but small.The burger is heavenly and so is the sausage.The pretzel is good! but I don't love the cheddar beer sauce.flights of whiskey?? Yes Please!!Whiskey for drinking?  that too!I've sat at the bar around 5pm when the place was relatively empty and chatted up the bar tender for a while about whiskeys, he was very informative and suggested a few I might like. The eggs benedict at brunch was good (minus the undercooked eggs)and my husband is totally in love with their biscuits and gravy. It also doesn't hurt that Longman and Eagle is the closest dining establishment to my apartment.Had a nice time here, but not without some hiccups. Came here on a Tuesday night for dinner. Got quoted a 45min wait, so we found some room by the bar and ordered a few beers. Great bartenders here. Knowledgeable with great service. They were nice enough to let my wife sample a beer or two before she ordered. Unfortunately, as 45 minutes turned in over an hour a half, we saw parties that came in after us get seated before us. That doesn't really do a lot to make us feel good about eating here. At one point one hostess asked us to settle up our tab since we should be seated soon. She came back 20min later. Anyway, I guess they realized that we waited a while since they offered to buy our next round of drink, we parleyed that into dessert instead. That's always a nice touch. On to dinner, we had the roasted marrow bones with onion jam. Bone marrow is always delicious, this was the case here. I didn't even use the onion jam. We also went with the foie gras appetizer. Surprisingly light and tasty. For our entrees, my wife went with the pork belly. Cooked really well. Very enjoyable. I went with the short rib in a beef consumme topped by poached foie gras. I enjoyed it, but probably could have done without the foie gras. It was overpowering. The pork belly was the winner here. Other than the missteps in getting seated, a good meal was had. The bartender and our waiter were great and we'll be back.L&E Highlights:- Pork belly BLT.- Wild boar sloppy joe.- Whiskey cocktails.- Inn upstairs.- Michelin star.Very rich, but so very worth it for a special occasion. On our first visit last summer, it seemed mostly like a local crowd from the neighborhood. That's definitely changed (see: NYT Dining & Wine section over the last 6 months). But it's still very Logan Square at heart.The food is very good, no argument there, but quite overpriced if you ask me. I don't need to know what family farm the beef or chicken came from, nor the cheese. It's cool that you guys can tell me that, but that does not justify it being $3 or so more than it would be if the meat hadn't come from a local farm. The fact that they don't take reservations is retarded. It borderlines on too pretentious for that fact alone. Yes, your food is good, but no, you're not that cool, sorry guys. Their whiskey selection will keep me coming back again and again, though. The shots are small, but they're only $3, and the selection is seriously like you've just matriculated to Whiskey University.Mmmm! Yum yum yum! I would like to eat and drink every meal here for the rest of my life. Actually, I think I'll just move in. They allow that, right? Then I could probably skip that horrendous wait they always (deservedly) have and dig right in. Honestly, I don't know how the staff here stays so svelte. If I worked there -- or even lived in the immediate area -- I would be at least 100 lbs heavier. Brunch, dinner, it doesn't matter; all of the food is rich, comforting, deliciousness. I especially recommend the Mac and Cheese. I actually wanted to place an order of it to take home and eat for lunch tomorrow, but unfortunately, I missed the 3pm deadline. Ah, oh well, next time.The drink list is all kinds of whiskey amazingness. Just point and shoot at the menu, and you'll end up with liquid happiness in a glass.For our monthly brunch get-together, my girlfriend recommended trying Longman & Eagle.  I took a pre-visit menu check and was pleasantly surprised at the great farm-to-table approach and unique combinations.  I am pleased to say that I was not let down today!  Chosing an entree off that menu was tough, but we both loved our choices.  I had the chicken and waffles with sweet potato pork belly hash while my friend enjoyed the prawns with cheese grits, collard greens, and black pepper sauce.  We both tried their "weekend punch" which proved to be a delicious concoction of red wine, rum, brandy, and some aromatics.  Should you make a visit for brunch, I highly recommend going before 11 am.  Since we never know how to leave, I noticed it really began to draw quite the crowd around 11:30.  Sit at the bar.  The bartenders are extremely jovial, conversational, and hilarious to listen to.Overall, Longman & Eagle gets a rave review from both of us and we will definitely be back to try more delicious brunch and to check out dinner.  My only qualm, parking is dreadful, but hell, that's Logan Square for you.  Take the train.On our last full night in Chicago, we headed north to Logan's Square to hit up Longman & Eagle and the Whistler. But we had such a good time at Longman & Eagle, we stayed the night. Their whiskey sour was very different to me. While Seven Grand here in L.A. makes their own sour mix, Longman & Eagle relies on just citrus to give it a slight acidic tinge. Very nice.Longman & Eagle believes in whiskey should be for drinking, not for taking up space in a bar. They offer inexpensive shots of many fine whiskeys and unbelievable prices on their cocktails. I was shocked to see the Manhattans and other drinks going for $8. I've been curious about Makers 46 for a while but have yet to try it. The bartender mentioned a better one to try was Woodford's Reserve Grand Masters. If I could import a bar to L.A., this would be the one. Plus they serve some delicious looking food.L&E is definitely on my  list for the next time I'm out in Chicago.We finally made it to having dinner there.I sipped on a dark and stormy while waiting for the bone marrow. I cannot resist marrow ever. I thoroughly enjoy the insides of bones =P Then I chose the piglet, which was great. I liked the different textures. He had fried quail and said it was fantastic. Even though we were buzzed, which could have had an effect on the rating, i don't care. It's good, forreal.I heart you Longman & Eagle. There are a million places to eat in Chicago, you must eat here. Interesting foods that taste amazing.Great brunch, and more importantly, excellent bloody mary's! Staff was really nice - nice enough to translate half of their lovely-sounding-but-not-intelligible-to-average-­english-speakers menu tableside with wonderful patience. Went with a friend, and we spent several hours longer than expected snacking on chicken and waffles and the PBR special. If you're feeling hip, ask for it. Also, they have beds upstairs. I'm not sure whose idea that was, but gold star. I'll definitely head back there when I want a trendy (but not yet Wicker Park trendy) brunch spot.Bourbon. The disciples of this wicked and seductive elixer crowd this wonderful gastropub, patiently waiting for the militantly anti-vegan delicacies on the menu-  like mallard duck pate, beef fat fried potatoes,and wild boar sloppy joes. An excellent menu with lots of unique artery clogging choices- washed down so well with the multitudes of bourbon choices on the vast drink menu. Did I say bourbon?Yea, its noisy, yea its busy, but they offer bourbon flights! Oy!The sign on the window says, Eat. Sleep. Whiskey. I am in love.I totally dig Longman & Eagle.  The dim lighting so dark that you need to hold a candle to the menu in order to read, killer cocktails made by bartenders that give you evil death looks when you try to transfer a single old fashioned to your table,  where there is no shortage of quintessential bearded hipsters, and a menu so kick ass that you don't know where to start.    After much deliberation we started with the pretzel that comes with some deliciously tantalizing lick-the-bowl sauce.  Please order that if only for that dipping sauce!  Next for me was a creamy onion soup with morel mushrooms.  Now this was shut your mouth good.  So good that I have plans to go back next week just for that damn soup.  I also got a few bites of the white asparagus salad which was light and heavenly.  I ordered the slow roasted cauliflower for my entree which was tasty, however, not worth the price tag.  My friend had the braised veal which was like heaven on a plate.  Crispy on the outside and juicy fatty goodness within.  I would highly recommend that dish if you umm aren't counting calories...and why would you if dine there, ahem...As for dessert, I have to be honest when I say it kinda sucked.  The banana chocolate bread pudding was boring and the poached apple was simple in a bad way.  I confess we ordered it for the bacon ice cream but the ice cream was oh so disappointing.  Think plain vanilla with chunks of fatty chewy bacon....not crispy delicious bacon but chewy.  Still sound good?  Fine, order it but remember you've been warned!  All too often do I have off the charts meals only to end on a sour note.  L & E's dessert program could defiantly use some revamping.See you next week?  I'll be the girl surrounded by empty soup bowls.Delish.  The hubby and I wanted to do brunch on Sunday and when I thought of Longman & Eagle, it showed that it was closed.  We decided to do a drive-by and was ecstatic that it was open!  We sat outside, along a white fence and herb boxes.  Our server, Alex, was outstanding.  He was friendly and very passionate about "selling" us the food and the concept of Longman & Eagle.The brunch menu had so many good options that I decided to order the peeky toe crab benedict.  Anything benedict is my favorite brunch meal.  The hubby got the pork belly sandwich with the leafy salad. The crab benedict was heaven.  The eggs were perfectly poached, the crab was decadent, the potatoes were creamy and the bacon was fabulous.  The first bite was smokey and crisp but then it finished with a sweet taste.  One of the best bacon pieces I have had. While we were waiting for our brunch to come out, Alex gave us the dinner menu to look over.  I am not lying when I say that I could eat every single item off the menu!  I can't wait to come back to sample the dinner fare. Longman & Eagle is one of these places where you could sample every single item on the menu and still come back for more.  And that's what I plan on doing.This is what all Gastropubs should aspire to be.Yah the wait was long, quoted 2 hours?!? But we ended up waiting about an hour and fifteen and it was worth it.Ordered a shit load of food because I eat a lot and was real hungry.Started with:Pork Belly Confit- Real amazing. One of the best pork belly preparations I have ever had, if not the best. Just perfect.Pastrami sweetbreads- came with saurkraut and russian dressing. So fatty, tender and decadent. Again, one of the best preparations of sweetbreads I have had. Just an explosion of flavors!Skirt steak with short rib raviolo- The steak was cooked to a perfect medium rare and had a great smokey flavor. Very tender and a delicious piece of meat. The raviolo was also delicious, just wish there were ten of them!Between my brother and I we ordered three desserts.Warm Gruyere Donuts- Damn good donuts with the goat cheese. Get it!Rice Pudding- Rice pudding was kind of funky. Definitely different. Probably wouldn't get it again, but if you like rice pudding, by all means......Banana and toffee english pudding- tasted like the best banana bread ever. Black pepper panna cotta was unique and went perfectly with the cake and bananas. Loved itOverall Longman and Eagle blew my mind. The food was almost shockingly good and the service and drink list are unmatched. The wait may be long, but I can confidently say that it is totally worth it. Its a Gastropub and they have a fucking michelin star. BadassYou can read other reviews on why this place is so awesome, but to me, their cocktails are the best. Where else can you get a matcha based whisky drink before noon in the world!?Food was great, just look at the pictures I took and drool.As for the slow seating issues that many has mentioned, well, we were  here on a Saturday around 10AM. Got seated fairly quickly. Had no problem with the service.Loved the January V cocktail, the polite and friendly bartenders and the menu. Food was good, but it would have been great had it not gotten cold between the kitchen and our table. The gougère would have been wonderful if they were hot! The rabbit wrapped in bacon would have been scrumptious had it been hot and instead it was luke warm.  And the head cheese hash on rye gnocchi would have also been so much better hot! It was pretty much room temperature once it got to our table. I hope that this was just a one-time mistake as I would otherwise give this place 5 stars.*Really enjoyed the 'white flight' of un-aged, un-blended whiskey:Rye, Oat and Wheat.  What an educational treat!Ahhhhh, my favorite kind of restaurant. The Gastropub. Longman and Eagle is another fine example of how to execute everything with perfection from beginning to end, from chewing to sipping, from...ehhhhhh u get the point.Came here with a group of 4 food of my boys, all food enthusiast. We loved it. We had to wait, but who cares? They have an awesome bar area on the side of the restaurant with some picnic tables you can chill at when weather permits. We did just that. Once our table was ready we were kindly invited inside. Their decor is simple, but their par is impressive. An collection of liquor and liqueurs that would make any mixologist drool. Their menu is awesome on multiple level. Items change from time to time, while the staples remain. There's a perfect balance between snacks, small plates, salads and Sammy's, and legit entrees. We feasted like we may be getting the electric chair later that night. A selection of cheeses to start, their pork rillette, rabbit pate, and even the slagel family meatballs. The cheese board was impressive, the rillette was gone in seconds, but the rabbit pate was a tad bit dry and lacking of richness (nice texture though). The meatballs were unholy good. We had a pork shoulder and nudi (pasta) that are no longer on the menu. Both were scrumptious. However, they appear to be always adding new and interesting items. Duck testicles anyone? I'd be game! Other entrees were the Wild Boar Sloppy Joe and the Tete de cuchon. The sloppy Joe was kind of forgettable. Good in it's own rights, but probably not something I'd order again. The Tete de cuchon had us stabbing each other in our fingers. Their drinks are fantastic. There's a lot attention and care put into making them. I don't remember what we all ordered ( I wonder why???). I do know that each drink was far different than the last and all were very good. They even have an amazing Whiskey selection, which is a big deal for me. Next up, BRUNCH!!!! Their blood Mary's look really good too!Longman and Eagle is a place I'd travel 2-3 hours to visit. Fortunately, I live close enough to enjoy from time to time. Unfortunately, there's nothing like this close to where I live. ***sighhhhhh***This place has received a good amount of praise from my foodie friends. I can see why.I was a little concerned about the "Takes Reservations: No" part. Of course, this is just one data point, but there was no wait on a Wednesday night at 6:30. Makes me consider running more errands in the city after work during the week. Could just be beginner's luck, I suppose.I got a small plate of porcini with veal heart and the pork belly confit as the entree. Oh my god. I wanted to lick the plate when I was done. (I didn't)It's food that my mom would probably like, and that's about the highest compliment a restaurant could receive. You see, she's oldschool Chinese, so she cooks a mean meal and just doesn't see the sense in going out and paying more for "restaurant food," especially once you factor in the value proposition. She would normally balk at the prices of any restaurant with more than one dollar sign on Yelp, but I feel pretty confident that I could take her here and she would love it.To sum up, top-notch food, casual atmosphere, thoroughly enjoyable. Longman receives my unquestioned endorsement.Went for brunch with friends from college.Everything was pretty much good. i had the crab benedict which I LOVED. I tasted bites of my friends dishes and they were OK. I would definitely come back for the benedict though. *parking is a pain.Came here for a late Saturday brunch yesterday, and was pleasantly surprised by a short 5 minute wait (30 minute wait for outside).  The interior of the place is simple, casual, dim lit with dark wood.  It's cool.Once we sat down, we were immediately greeted with a (complimentary) fig donut.  The dough was really good, but the filling was too sweet.  It tasted great with my rum spiked horchata though.  And speaking of, their drinks are really strong.  By the time we left, I was definitely buzzed, and I only had that one drink.  My friend couldn't even finish her beverage.  Though the drinks were a little overwhelming, the food was pretty spot on.  I ordered the duck hash, and it was really good.  It was like comfort food.  It had the most perfectly cooked egg I think I've ever had; a bed of potatoes; succulent pieces of duck; and a vinaigrette that seemed a little out of place, but I suppose it helped to cut down the richness of everything else.  I want to go back, for brunch and dinner, as the rest of their menu looks really good.  And even though I'm not a whiskey drinker, I would love to try their whiskey flights.Longman is one of the go to neighborhood spots weather looking for a night cap or nice meal. If you do want to eat dinner here, be warned, you will wait a while if you get there after 7. All the cocktails have been very good, and I was quite impressed with the chef. It might be your typical gastro food, but it is executed to perfection. I also want to check out the hotels above, they look pretty sweet and affordable.Never disappointing L&E will give you a great meal from brunch to dinnerA little out of the way but definitely worth the trek for their whiskey-focused drink list, including flights of different types of whiskey.  While I didn't get to try any of the food, the creative, hearty menu looked amazing - definitely a must-try for my next trip.  As they are also an inn with decent rates, I might just end up staying here to enjoy brunch, dinner, and drinks.$3 whiskey shots for something I had never had before. I like trying new things. Food was top notch. Not cheap, but really good and worth it.I'm not sure if this place would ever be a choice spot to watch a game or anything, it's just a cool place to have drinks and maybe dinner.I have waited way too long to try out this spot. Everything on the menu looked delicious and I think we had a good sampling of the offerings.I think this place a great alternative to the Bristol and Publican. I think the prices are a little less expensive than Publican so if you are on a "budget" go here, We started off the night with whiskey flights. I had the single barrel and my boyfriend tried the White Whiskey Flight. The single barrel had nice vanilla notes and is what you would expect of good whiskey. To our surprise, the White flight was very fruity; something you don't expect from whiskey. The prices on libations were very reasonable and guests on a budget--you can't go wrong with $2 PBR's and $3 shots of Jameson (they have a huge list of $3 whiskey shots). Now the good stuff--the food! We tried their Smoked Sweetbreads, which were yummy.  They smoke their sweetbreads, which is a preparation I had not had until last night. It was really good and reminded me of a buttery bacon taste. We followed that with the Potato Angolotti which was garnished with wild mushrooms and escargot. This was also very good. Very savory with a hint of earthiness. We also tried the Fried Clam Bellies. This too was also yummy. The remoulade/tartar sauce slaw concoction was a great accent to the perfectly lightly fried clams. I will, however, note that the clams were very clammy so if you're on the fence about clams this may not be the dish for you. In my opinion, the clams could have used an extra rinsing, they seemed a little too gritty, but it may be just the type of clam they used.For our entree, we split the pork belly, which was perfectly roasted, although I think it may have been confit (ed) based on the texture. But the accompanying sauce was delightful. If all of that wasn't enough (and it really wasn't because I think the servings were a bit on the small side or we were really hungry) we ordered the Wild Boar Sloppy Joes, which were pretty much Grown-Up Sloppy Joes. The fried onions, grilled pickled jalenpeno and crispy sage were sooooooo good.Overall, a good experience. It is a bit loud so you and your server will have a shouting match in order to place orders.It's a bar with classed up bar food. Don't get me wrong, it's really really good bar food, but let's call a spade a spade. Between the classed up bar food and the extensive whiskey list, bf can't get enough. We've gone a couple times in the last few months. There was a bit of a wait even though I thought we were there at random times but that's why there's a bar. Good drink menu and knowledgeable bartenders (with impressive facial hair) are at your service. The wait staff is equally friendly and prompt. However, don't tell me that you're giving me "complimentary house purified water." It's called a Brita filter, bitch, I have one of those, too. Again, let's call a spade a spade.  The food is really good. Bf always looks like he's died and gone to heaven when he is eating whatever he gets. Honestly, I could be described as a "picky" eater so there isn't a ton on the menu that jumps out at me, so I've had the burger (and loved it) both times. My favorite part is when they try to give my burger to my bf. No dice. I'm sure we'll be back as bf LOVES it, but it's a little pretentious for my taste.I was in Chicago on business and one of my Chicagoan friends/co-workers was adamant that we try this gastropub.  I valued his opinion before this suggestion and have since promoted him to infallible.  The three of us sampled a little bit of nearly every savory item on the menu and they all impressed.  I'm struggling to recall them all but some highlights include a duck spread with baby pickles, chicken foie gras (slam dunk), the cold leek soup (very refreshing), Kobe meatballs (the least impressive, still great but I like my meatballs tender and made in the peasant style they originated in, 40% bread, 60% meat), scallops over oxtail (one of the group rated this one of the top three things he's ever eaten, it was his entree so I didn't get to try it), braised veal breast (this was mine, I struggled to finish it because I was full but I refused to leave any behind), monkfish (also didn't get to sample but it looked great) and at least a couple dishes I can't recall.  The Manhattan was suburb as were the other beverages I "sampled", for you, dear reader.  Our only gripe was that our server pushed back when we wanted to order in rounds, Spanish style.  We wanted to  taste a little of this, see what we think, order something new, etc.   We still would have ran up a killer bar tab, so let us order and eat at our own pace (they were very slow since we arrived at an odd hour on a Sunday and it didn't seem like an unreasonable request).  We even had a fourth join us half-way through our meal which would have resulted in an even higher bar/food total if they would have accommodated us.  Anyways, this was a very memorable experience and only picky, unadventurous eaters should hesitate to venture in.  Some of the ingredients may scare them a little bit but if you order the meal and get them to sample something they'll open up.I adore any place that serves white burgundy by the glass, bordering on manic devotee.  And when they offer it by the carafe, as well... what can I say?  Count me in!  Other pluses included one of the most attentive and educated servers I have had in a long time.  She knew a lot about the menu, was super friendly and I don't think I ever refilled my own wine glass.  I also really liked the ambiance and crowd.On the downside, the small plates were indeed, small.  The pasta dish had just three large noodles on it that consisted of just two bites for myself and two for my dining companion.  All in all, we shared two desserts, two small plates and one entree.  And I've got to tell you, nothing about the food really stands out... except the white burgundy.Yes! I've been waiting forever to eat brunch here.  Finally we all broke down and went.  Whiskey bloody mary?  Excuse me, but did you just make all of my fantasies come true.  Give me this sweet nectar of the gods in my mouth now!Delicious.I had the pinky toe crab benedict and it was so good. Not overly lemon-y. Perfect!  My friends had the tuna and the burger and both were really happy.Went on a Sunday night, and had a memorably good meal.  We were seated immediately at 6:30, but as it got later, the place really filled up.Started with cocktails; I had Longman Manhattan which was forgettable, while s.o. had 2 Old Fashioned, which were really tasty.For apps, we got meatballs, sweetbreads, and duck rillette.  The highlight was definitely the sweetbread dish; a really inventive and delicious take with a savory acidic red pepper sauce.  The meatballs with polenta were extremely tasty, but the iron-poker hot bowel containing cold meatballs and polenta was a turnoff.  The big disappointment was the rillette.  This had no duck taste, and the rillette portion was as big as my thumb...it looked quite silly on the plate and we had a good laugh.My entree was the chicken, which was prepared sous-vide and was very tasty.  The accompanying pasta with morels was a travesty.  The pasta was more overcooked than you would find at an all you can eat pasta bar, and the micro bits of morel were without taste and had a bad mouthfeel...and I love morels.The lamb shoulder dish was light and delicious; surprisingly good summer dish.For dessert, we ordered strawberry shortcake and bread pudding.  The shortcake was definitely the winner here.Service was friendly and very informed.  She came up with an excellent beer match for the lamb shoulder dish.Look forward to returning.  It is my belief that this place is capable of churning out 5 star food if the kitchen is more meticulous with the details and I hope to be around when it is doing so.This place is amazing, I ate here twice, dinner and then lunch a day or two later. We ordered so much food, a huge variety for dinner, and there wasn't anything that wasn't amazing tasting. Everything was perfect. Then we came for lunch and I ordered the "Wild Boar Sloppy Joe, Crispy Sage and Onion, Pickled Jalapeno" it was fantastic to say the least.   The food was great, the wait staff while young and hip were also very very friendly and helpful. The ambiance was great as well.Hipsters unite at this "look at us, we're unimposing" Logan Square public house/gastropub. It's off the beaten path - at least for me, but was fun to try.  In all honesty, all we ordered was beer and a burger - but it was one of the better specimens I've had in ages.  Very enjoyable. The extensive whiskey list at $3 a shot is a refreshing spin on the usual - and will be sure to bring us back.After a 2 hour wait on a Saturday night, I was prepared to give L&E a "1 star" on Yelp.Then, I tasted the food.But let's rewind:1. The host and hostess were nice, polite and extraordinarily patient with the huge crowd and even more huge wait list.2. Their bar is appropriately staffed and even at capacity, we never waited to refill our beers.3. The bartenders were also all really really friendly and clearly take pride in their work (cocktail list is impressive)4. We ordered a pretzel w/ rarebit at the bar to tide us over and when a pretzel tastes that good, we should have known what we were in store for with dinner.DINNER:We started with the goat cheese gnuddi and the bone marrow: We'd only ever had bone marrow at the Purple Pig and L&E's is a little bit more dressed up than PP's: be sure to mix the relish well w/ the marrow.  Both dishes were wonderful.Main Event: We shared the PORK BELLY and OMG: hands down best dish we may have ever eaten: SO DELICIOUS!!!!  Dessert: Split the custard, it was ok -- the quince was a little over-whelming to the dish.*** Even though I'm giving L&E 5 stars based on food and service, I have to warn people that the crowd and wait were so annoying that we almost left before we were seated.  There is no sense of urgency among the wait staff to turn tables at a faster rate so we suggest having a snack before arriving at the restaurant. ***This place is very good.  you know how every place now has a "best burger", best douche....whatever this place is really good and I have had two of the three sandwiches.  The pork belly blt is great (obvioulsy it is all fatty so shut up if you don't know what you are talking about) and the burger......great seasoning, bun and bacon to kill fornot a bourbon or whiskey drinker but my buddies who are were very impressed with the list and how they mixed.try this place before it gets on TV and becomes impossibleLongman & Eagle.. creative warm hot whiskey drinks for brunch... a brunch menu that is solid, comforting on these wintry daysgreat art and amusing ceiling in the back wonderful front bar friendly and young service an unpretentious facade..intriguing business concept.. eat sleep whiskeySeriously, after hearing nothing but good things about this place, and finding a card in our A La Card deck... the darling ELM and I ventured into Longman and Eagle for brunch.As we were on somewhat of a time crunch, I was a little annoyed at the wait, but I get it, we were there at noon on a Saturday. One gripe, though, the hostess could have been a touch more attentive... as in at least addressed the fact that we were standing in front of her. A simple "Just a sec" or a "I'll be with you in a moment" really would have been sufficient. I understand you're busy, and I understand that everyone cannot be a f'ing ray of sunshine. But hot damn, if you're in the service industry, at least try to show rudimentary manners. I'm really not exaggerating, this girl made it seem like I was inconveniencing her by asking for a table.So while we wait we observe the room. Awesome space! It's minimal and cool without trying too hard (cough... Big Star... cough cough). I like that you can see into the kitchen. I also liked how the ceiling was sort of psuedofinished? It wasn't exposed, but was covered in loose boards. Very different.So grumpy finally seats us at probably the coldest table in the room (RIGHT next to the door... poor planning, folks, Chicago winters are COLD). Truthfully, I'm already penning a scathing review in my head "Ahhh! RUDE PEOPLE! Ahhh! It's so cold!! AHHHH Growl!" But we order, and food follows shortly, and it's delicious. I had the Peekytoe Crab Benedict which was peekytoe crabmeat with a ridiculous Hollandaise, alongside a ridiculously cool one hour egg, all atop a perfectly toasted English muffin (in my mind, there is NOTHING that can ruin breakfast quicker than an untoasted English muffin). Yes, i just used a whole bunch of adverbs and adjectives to describe brunch. And what? The badassness of the food made me forget I was cold and grumpy. So, overall, 4 stars, would have been five if Madam Boots with the Fur wasn't a sulky grump.This is CONSISTENTLY the best restaurant in the city.Bold statement? Maybe. But, here's my justification. I've eaten better meals in this city, granted. But have I ever been back and have the second meal be equally as stunning. Never.My first meal at L&E was pretty excellent. But what sold me is when we went back and the meal was equally as pretty excellent.I've nibbled many things on the menu, and I can assure that there is no dud.Favorite Dishes:Slagel Family Farm Pork Belly, Braised Red Cabbage, Hazelnut Spaetzle,Apple-Fennel Conserve, Vincotto   ($19)Wild Boar Sloppy Joe, Crispy Sage, Onion, Pickled Jalapeño, Beef Fat Fries (11)Shaved Heirloom Apple Salad, Red Oak Leaf Lettuce, Heirloom Grapes,Barely Buzzed Cheese, Smoked Pork Maple Vinaigrette  ($9)Tete du Cochon, Sunny Side Up Hen Egg, Pickled Shallot, Parsley Salad,5 Spice Mustard Sauce  ($12)Duck Rillettes, Cornichons, Mustard  ($5)Pretzel, Welsh Rarebit ($5)(BRUNCH ONLY)Swan Creek Pork Belly Blt, Arugula, Tomato Fennel Jam,Pickled Red Onion, Secret Sauce  ($9) or with a fried egg ($11)The space as well is absolutely perfect, I want my house to be decorated like it.The service is also spot on.Great soda selection.I love this place. The menu has such great choices and many unique items and combinations. My wife and I went there for brunch. After much hand-wringing and agonizing over what to order. I ordered the wild boar sloppy joe. It was sublime. It was also very rich and filling. My wife ordered the fried chicken and waffles with come with a pork belly hash. She loved the waffle, thought the chicken was good and liked the hash. We both had Bloody Mary's and they were absolutely wonderful. Nice and spicy and garnished with a tiny pickle and a block of sharp cheese. There are so many interesting items on the menu I have got to go back and soon. In addition, the service was fantastic.Got here right at 10am on a Saturday morning and there were already a string of people waiting outside for the doors to open!  (so make sure you get there at opening time on the weekends!)Service was great - water and coffee always filled.Our waitress was new but was as sweet as can be.Food - the biscuits and gravy are to die for.  Sooooo creamy (so you know it's bad for you but in a good way).  Husband got some sort of scramble with vegetables and a side of sausage. He couldn't finish his plate because there was so much.  They definitely do not skimp out on portion.I'm really giving it 3.5 stars.  Hoping to get back here for dinner sometime.  I read somewhere this place got a Michelin star - the dinner menu sounds great.I went back to L&E with some buddies.  We were hell bent on getting the most interesting items on the menu, and they did not disappoint, neither in terms of uniqueness or deeeeeelish-ness.The Foie Gras... melt in your mouth amazing.The Roasted Marrow Bones?  Deeeelish.Pork Belly Confit... incredible and prepared perfectly.They also have a few rooms above, making this not only my favorite restaurant, but an Inn as well.  The rooms are really cool, and you can check them out on L&E's website.Love this place.Honestly this is the best GO-TO Lunch spot next to the Publican, Bristol, and a couple of others that I could add to the elite list. They do a great job changing up the menu and adding new items once in a while.The Pumpkin Soup and brown butter creme fraiche was super tasty. I also finally tried the burger after many of times eating at L&E. L&E dominates the Sloppy Joe world. The homemade sauce is a one of a kind taste. The whiskey selection is pretty impressive also. They always have the best of the best local beer on tap.Everything on the menu is top notch. Super friendly staff and if your lucky and there not to busy the cook will come out to say whatup. There is a good reason they are one of the top restaurants in Chicago.So hipster.  I love it.This place is really close to where we live so of course, we have been there a few times.  I like going to L&E as a reward for either 1) a riotous night of drinking and dancing or 2) completing a race - even if it's only a 5k.Their food is on the salty side... but thankfully, I do like salty.  I try to avoid it because of such formidable things known as high cholesterol and clogged arteries. Their menu uses some fancy shmancy food terms that I'm not familiar with - that's usually a red flag.  L&E was able to win me over despite terms like "confit" and some others that I have not committed to memory.All of their breakfast items are good, good, GOOD!  I am particularly fond of their burger with fried egg though.  Noticing a trend in my burger preferences?   I found their servings to be of good proportion - not overboard, but not measly.  The chicken and waffle platter was very savory as well.  All in all, I can't wait to go back!Had the Wild Boar Sloppy Joe. Wasn't too fond of the fries but it was a large portion. I also enjoyed the the Clam Chowder!!! I wanted more of the Chowder.Everyone ordered several items that included Lobster Tator Tots, Bone Marrow and Pork Loins. Everyone enjoyed everything. I would definitely come back here during my next visit to Chicago.I'm not one to make sweeping declarations or commitments to restaurants. But Longman & Eagle is my gastro-soulmate, and I sing its praises to everyone who comes to visit our city. Let's start with the place itself. L&E is well-designed (I wouldn't expect anything else from a place co-owned by Cody Hudson) and has just the right atmosphere for a date or a casual dinner. Everyone who works there is so friendly and excited about the food, and all of Longman & Eagle seems well thought-out and perfected. Oh, and the gorgeous rooms for rent are reminiscent of an old-style pub. Now, the food: stellar vegetarian menu that is extensive and fresh. I've had the pretzel roll starter, the goat cheese melon salad, and the English Pea Aglonotti, and they're all equally delicious and fresh. The vegetables are so full of flavor and fresh each time we come here, and there's usually an optional add-in vegetable that's fresh that day (the other day it was morel mushrooms.)And maybe most importantly, the drinks. I've tried many of them, but for the summer I'm particularly fond of the Moria Solina, a fresh pisco/lemon soda cocktail that is light and perfect, and the Ransometta, a deliciously rich gin cocktail that I can only describe as the Martinezs' hotter, hipper younger sister. Hands down, Longman & Eagle is my favorite place to drink and dine in Chicago. It's definitely worth a trip as often as possible.I very rarely come across a 5-star restaurant, but my dinner last weekend deserves it.  My husband suggested L&E for his birthday dinner, so we were planning to take our chances with their no reservations policy.A group of 4 Norwegian friends happened to be in town as well...but seating for six, without a reservation??  With trepidation, I called the restaurant at noon on Saturday to strategize a time when a party of six could most likely be seated without the inevitable hour-long wait.  The supremely friendly host suggested anything before 5:30 (yikes!), but I was truly impressed with his calm and understanding demeanor, and our guests were willing to chance it.  Onward!WARNING - SHORT COMPLAINT TO FOLLOW:I truly don't understand why a restaurant like this would not offer reservations!?!  For the amount of time I spent on the phone with their host, I could've made 4 different resos for 4 different days, and I know I'm not the only one doing this!  But I digress...OKAY, COMPLAINING IS OVER; BACK TO THE GOOD STUFF!We arrived at 5:15 and Mark parked (street parking is pretty decent) while I told the host our party had all arrived, and gestured outside.  He did actually count us, and even asked if "our sixth" was parking.  Dude, don't mess with these guys!Once Mark rounded the corner (yes, they made us wait until we were ALL within eyesight), we were seated within five minutes.  At 5:25pm.  YAY!  My reservation anxiety quickly dissolved into the warm wooden tables and I got down to the task of drinking and fooding!I guess we got lucky with the service, because our waiter was incredibly helpful and warm.  He coped with all our weird quirks, and offered suggestions.  Below are our dinner choices in order of my preference:Drinks:#1) Gin Fizz: My choice, and a good one.  This cocktail was perfectly snappy, slightly sweet with a lovely juniper kick.  A gorgeous beverage for pairing with any meal.#2) Old Fashioned with Rye: Mark's pick, and he ordered two so they were above average.Apps/Small Plates/Bar Plates:#1) Pretzel & Welsh Rarebit - soft German-style pretzel and what's basically a beer cheddar sauce.  WHAT??  Order me three and get your own!  Crunchy-chewy pretzel boasted a gorgeous dark amber salted coating, and the cheese sauce had an IPA-style snap that lightened what would otherwise have been a very heavy pairing.#2) Artisanal Cheese Selection, Fruit Mostarda, Crostini - unassumingly gorgeous.  The fruit mostarda and creamy brie-like cheese were my faves.#3) House Marinated Olives - a lovely combination of briny, salty, tangy, meaty goodness.  These were special.We skipped the salads and went straight to the entrees:#1) Pan Roasted Skate Wing, Black Trumpets, Shaved Fennel & Arugula, Blue Crab - my Norwegian companion declared his entree "one of the best fish dishes I've ever tasted," and his plate couldn't have gotten any cleaner if he had picked up the dish and licked it.  I'd say that was a success!#2) Zabuton of Slagel Family Farm Beef, Lobster Tater Tots, Creamed Edamame, Abalone Mushrooms, Sauce Zingara - The beef was prepared precisely to medium with a gorgeous pink center and tender, well-seasoned slices; no salt necessary.  I'm not a mushroom person, but I braved them...and they tasted just like any other mushroom (meaning I didn't care for them, but I'm definitely not the person to ask).  And LOBSTER TATER TOTS??  Yeah, those were gone fast.  Gotta love Chicago.#3) The rest of our party all ordered an off-menu special of veal steak, and each of them said it was exceptional.Desserts:#1) Dark Chocolate Crispy Fernet Pave, Malt Gelato, Caramel Pudding - chocolate cake for royalty.  The cake is super-rich and dense, the malt gelato a welcome breeze, and that caramel pudding could literally be poured into a martini glass and I would drink it straight, it's so delicious.#2) Chocolate & Currant Trifle, Salted Treacle Mousse, Molasses Cream, Juniper Cubes, Lemon & Bangladeshi Bay Leaf Shortbread - the super-long name belies this dish's clean and simple flavor.  The only miss here were the juniper cubes, which lacked real depth of flavor and were hard to chew; sort of like a cold peeled grape.  I enjoyed the slightly tart and luxuriously creamy mousse tremendously; and the molasses cream complemented the dish well without being overbearing.The men also each enjoyed a flight of three bourbons during our dessert, and our waiter was incredibly knowledgeable about the entire liquor menu.  Big plus.All of this does come with a healthy price tag, but frankly, this entire menu plus drinks, a bottle of wine and coffee came to under $100 per person.  I've spent a lot more for a lot less, and I walked away impressed.p.s. LOOK UP!  Their entire ceiling is made of wood scraps in this wacked-out collage puzzle.  Entirely unique.I'm thinking I don't like "&" restaurants.  Or no-reservations restaurants.  I really hate those.There was nothing bad here.  The food was good, the drinks were ok (not as good as Sable), the service was low-ok.  The problem is it's not worth an hour wait for this.  And not an hour at the bar, an hour somewhere else (in this case, El Cid next door).Sooo Yummy. Went with a group of four and we arrived just as the restaurant turned to dinner service. We were seated right away. The service was wonderful. But the food was the star. We started with the Pretzel with Welsh Rarebit and Buffalo Frog Legs. We also had the sloppy joes and burger and a bunch of other food. All was delicious. I can't wait to comeback.i love a good use of an ampersand. this place totally deserves to carry the one in its title with pride. the logo is classic. the look is classic. all in all, i'm proud of you chicago. if for no other reason than this establishment. now get your waitstaff up to par and your menu just a touch more refined, and you can have that coveted fifth star. golden. it was a beautiful day in logan square, and i had just arrived via lga to ord to blue line. in other words, i was famished. we walked right up and got a table outside in about ten minutes (not bad for a peak brunch time wait). there was a false start with the hostess as she got us excited to sit rather quickly but then forgot we wanted to sit outside...okay. let's try it again. and finally seated...the outdoor area is cute. i like the garage next door, it adds a nice, quaint character that is not very common in nyc. or maybe most east coast cities (minus washington, dc). the finishings in the interior are spot on from the wallpaper to the door handles. the dark wood bar is befitting of the well dressed and dapper men standing behind it ready to serve you. the slightly aloof and eccentric waitress serving us did not quite fit as well, but she was mostly lovely. (next time i would actually like that coffee...like, the first time i asked...i still want that coffee...)the variety on the brunch menu is impressive. i think it could be edited down to about ten really strong dishes, but all in all there is enough on here that anyone should be able to find a suitable dish to sink their teeth into. we settled on the duck hash, fried chicken and waffles and cheese and grits. i was really happy to see a strong southern representation on the menu. that to me signifies a solid point of view on an all american brunch. the chicken and waffles was the clear winner (far and away here). succulent chicken, crispy exterior with a subtle amount of spice (could have had more), but the syrup really hit the mark on the waffle. i always prefer a slightly crispier waffle, but the flavor was a really great balance to the chicken. the cheese and grits were good, but i can always use a bit more spice (maybe just preference, but i do love a southern meal in new orleans). there was a nice sharp flavor in the cheese, which still made this a standout side dish. and finally (and purposely last) was the duck hash. though it came highly recommended, i didn't find it to be all that appealing. presentation wise it was great, but there just wasn't enough flavor to really bring this home. it tasty too eggy (i realize that is a weird comment to make when the main ingredient is egg), due to the fact that the eggs were a bit on the undercooked side. this took away from the rest of the dish, but wasn't helped by the bland flavor of the duck. i was missing the tang of the shallots, too. a bit of a miss overall. minus the coffee (which i'm still waiting for) and the hash, this place deserves a repeat visit. or more if you're in the neighborhood.I was introduced to this place through a first date. (Us suburbanites don't get into the neighborhoods west of Western too often.) The date didn't go so well, (a regularity in my life....sigh) but even a downer of a date couldn't dampen my spirits about this place. Simply, it's AH-MAZING!Excellent selection of rye and bourbon - right up my alley.And let me tell you about the bacon cheeseburger. I know, such a ubiquitous menu item, but there's nothing passe about it. It's a reminder that the simple can be better than the complex. High quality beef, succulent bacon, and a sharp, aged cheddar on a tasty roll that doesn't get soggy. No lettuce, tomato, or condiments. It's sort of the antithesis of Kuma's, which is of course, fantastic in it's own way.But really, you need to go here for the cocktails. Maybe they do girly syrupy shit, but this is a place where they make MAN-drinks. The bartenders take the craft of drink-making seriously, and they turn out some serious drinks. Seriously - these drinks are "crafted", I don't know that a better word exists in the English language. Best Old Fashioned I've ever had.I went here for lunch/ brunch with a friend of mine... on a Monday so it was not very busy at all but the service we had was just awful. We get seated and it takes the server forever to come around  and take our order.  My friend got the duck hash and I got the chicken and waffle. The has was pretty good, it is VERY rich however with the duck confit and egg and truffle spread/ mayo.  It needs an acid to cut that richness for sure. My chicken and waffles was just NOT good. I have a grandmother from Arkansas so yeah the crust was crispy but not seasoned well, it was all dark meat so that makes its kinda greasy on top of that.  The waffle, I assume, had too much buttermilk in it because it was very sour tasting and the sweet potato has was some partially roasted sweet potato cubes with a few bits of pork belly here 'n' there. I do not recommend it and I sent it back. My server was nice enough to let me get something else (duck hash), but after we finished eating it literally took another 15-20 minutes before he we could get the check. It's kinda bad when you have to throw your credit card at the server before he even though about getting you the bill...just so you can get the bill.  I heard so many good things about this place but I won't be back.Longman came thru. Whew!  Great place with awesome drink menu and brunch (we came on a weekday afternoon.  Try the Tete de Cochon and pork belly sandwich. Paired with a nice Three Floyd's Pride and Joy. Beautiful outdoor area that is perfect for a nice day in the city.A nice bar and restaurant which is a welcome break from the crap that dominates River North and the Gold coast. The bar was packed and the wait was approximately 45 minutes which wasn't too bad for a Saturday night we thought.While we waited there was a nice patio area that looks like a converted garage but a nice place to hang out on a nice September evening. Great beer and wine selection and all the drinks and food seemed to be priced fairly. We looked at their menu online and when we were seated a lot of the dishes we were looking at on the website had been taken off the menu. Not a big deal as it happens in a lot of restaurants however I think more attention could be spent on updating their website.I was expecting great things from the food however I felt it was only average and I wouldn't rush back there for the food. We had the Meatballs with Polenta and Parsley Pesto which was very good and a solid start to the meal. The Agnolloti was good, small portion (our server told us that all their portions are on the smaller side so we knew what to expect) but it didn't really stand out. Maybe I was just hoping to the English Pea Agnolloti that was on their website as opposed to the Mushroom one that was on the menu.The mushroom salad with Duck egg was good and a nice twist on a salad. It was our favorite dish of the evening. We had the Corn Risotto and the Piglet Risotto which were both ok but lacking in Salt. The Corn Risotto would have been better it there were more Corn Kernels in it and the Piglet was a heavy dish which dominated the Risotto. The Heirloom salad that was on top of the Piglet was excellent.Service was good throughout and there was a nice atmosphere in the restaurant. I would go back if I was in the area but I wouldn't travel out of my way for Longman & Eagle.$3 1oz Whiskey Shots !!!!!!!!!!!Extensive Beer List, including two on draft from local Half Acre Brewing Co.  Came here last night around 930 and the place was packed.  Unfortunately, they were out of the Over Ale, so I ordered a shot of Jameson and a Dogfish 60 min IPA.  Gave the waitress 2 -$5's to cover the bill and couldn't have been more pleased with the drinks.  She routinely checked back, and honestly, I'm not sure how she was able to finagle her way through the crowded room, but she did.  I will certainly be back here soon.The only downside is that this bar is EXTREMELY popular since it just opened, so expect to waiI'm becoming a gastopub-ophile. I love these places and if they keep on being as good as Longman & Eagle I'll keep going back.The layout and decor are pretty slick. If you want to just go for drinks (which they have a great beer and whiskey selection) the front space is for you. There's a good amount of standing room and the bar is pretty large as well. If you're dining there are some tables in the front area but we were seated in the back which is all dining. The mostly wooden decor is very nice and make sure to check out the ceiling too.Our food was excellent. I started with a whiskey flight and would recommend the 12 year Elijah Craig to anyone. I then had the white asparagus salad which came with a one hour egg. This egg is cooked in a temperature controlled water for an hour and this makes the yolk and white have the same consistency. It was like a custard and was amazing. My wife and I then shared the Gnuddi (which I would eat 20 more of if possible), the scallops which were great, and the fried clam bellies which I wouldn't recommend as they were pretty gritty. We finished with the poached apple on french toast. The french toast was the star of that dish. Seeing as they're going to be serving brunch soon, I can't wait to check that out.What could me more perfect than Baconfest 2010?  How about Baconfest 2010 followed by an early evening at Longman & Eagle!!!Obviously lacking in our pork fat intake we stumbled over here for cocktails and and a few scrumptious bites.  I originally thought my taste buds would have been shot from tasting bacon dishes all afternoon, but the wild boar sloppy joes and bone marrow on toast were both incredibly flavorful.  The sloppy joes were just the stars I would have expected them to be from the multitude of rave review here on yelp. The bone marrow was roasted to perfection and served with a sweet chutney providing a perfect harmony of flavors.  Cocktails here are done in a classic fashion.  Nothing too creative or out of the ordinary, but what they do is spot on.  The whiskey list here is huge and they have a number of different whiskey flight for your tasting and learning enjoyment.  While not the Logan Square cocktail mecca that is The Whistler, this place still treats what they do with the respect it deserves.The beer selection here is pretty killer as well with lots of Belgians and Trappists to choose from.  I know of no other place with 2 Goose Island taps dispensing Pere Jacques and Matilda. That's right, no 312 or Honkers, just the best of the Goose Island lines.  The local hipsters may not enjoy this as the only cheap beer in bottle or on tap  is the single tap of Old Style.  I guess this is why the crowd here was mainly the over-40 Logan Square professionals.  Though we haven't been to the brunch here, I would expect to to be just as amazing.  L&E won the Golden Rasher for best dish during the morning session of Baconfest with a bacon ice cream waffle, which I think speaks their particular talent.   Just one more reason to entice us to return.You had me at hello.Well, not quite hello.  But almost.  When I walked in here for lunch the other day, Big Star was playing on the stereo.  A very auspicious beginning.After taking a look at the lunch and drink menus, I decided on the Longman Manhattan and the banh mi.  Definitely made the right call on the Manhattan.  The Punt E Mes and cherry bitters lent a little bit of sweetness and crispness, just perfect on a hot day.  The banh mi was very good.  The sandwich is huge, with a generous amount of rabbit pate and a very nice crunchy baguette.  Very tasty, just wish it had a little bit of spice-- maybe some jalapenos?  In retrospect, should've gotten the wild boar sloppy joe.  Dammit.Service was terrific.  I was at the bar; the bartender greeted me heartily when I sat down and was happy to answer any questions I had.  He even apologized when he had to leave the bar area for a moment.Overall, really enjoyed it.  Four stars (and not quite five) because I didn't totally love the banh mi.  Will be back, though, for dinner and more drinks... I have a feeling I may have to revise my rating.Flour-less Chocolate cake with Bacon Ice Cream and a Cherry Sauce. AMAZING!!!! When my dinner companion cut into my cake before I had a chance to and said wow that really taste just like bacon I was a little afraid but once I bit into it I could taste how everything went so well together. It was sooooo gooood..... Overall out dinner was excellent from the service to the drinks to every plate that hit the table. We had the artisianal cheese delicious! I had the foie gras which I can never get enough of. My dinner companion had the duck fries which of course I also tried two thumbs up. Then he had the Wild Boar Sloppy Joe and I had the Sturgeon. I don't know what kind of sausage was under the fish but it was terrific along with the potatoes and the greens oh it was all so good. You already know what I had for dessert but my friend had the balsamic strawberry short cake and he's just lucky that my dessert was so go because I would have helped him finished his if I wasn't so focused on my own. Can't wait to go for brunch, lunch and again for dinner. Oh go early if you want to be seated quickly we got there around 6:30 and sat inside I don't like to sweat while I eat and it was hot out yesterday. We got seated right away!We were rained in on a Friday night and I cannot think of better place to be stranded.  The interior is nondescript, but I don't think they are going for style points.  The focus is definitely on the food and the booze.  The whiskey selection is superb, they carry everything from white whiskey to bourbon.  Their house old fashioned seemed a little heavy on the orange bitters, but it was tasty nonetheless.  Even the wine selection had me happy with a great Tempranillo by the half bottle.The menu looked intimidating at first, and was definitely not what I was expecting.  Dining with a pescatarian, her options were a bit limited.  But the few choices she did have were fantastic.  The ricotta cheese balls were amazing and the deep fried soft shell crab was perfectly crispy, but not at all greasy.  Possibly the best I've had, even better than fresh fried crab in Louisiana!The meat eaters decided to get a little adventurous, for our palettes at least.  The duck testicles were surprisingly good, and tasted like bacon - they must saute them in bacon fat.  The sweetbread was identified by the MD at the table as a thymus.  It was prepared to what I assume to be perfection, because it tasted damn good!  Unfortunately, by the time our dinners arrived, I was absolutely famished and drunk, so the reviews on the entrees could be a bit biased.  My lamb shoulder was delicious.  The meat was incredibly tender and the mint and cucumber were great match to the heavy flavors.  The beef was good, but not my favorite.  It was a bit chewier than I would have liked.  But the person who ordered it was a big fan, and also a huge red meat eater.  I will definitely be returning to Longman as they challenged my palette and won me over with flying colors.Awesome dinners but I most recently went for brunch so I'll just talk about that.  I got there at 2:30 and had some drinks first so by the time we actually ate it was late -- and they are forgiven for running out of the whole left side of the menu.  So I got lunch instead.  Reluctantly got a Pork Belly BLT (really wanted crab benedict!) -- It was very impressive.  "Swan Creek Pork Belly Blt, Arugula, Tomato Fennel Jam,Pickled Red Onion, Secret Sauce"The name's a little misleading (there is not bacon just a fat slice of delicious pork belly).  The pork belly is absolutely perfectly cooked and the toppings are a great match, the tomato fennel jam & pickled red onions cutting through that fatty pork belly just enough.I think this place has the best french fries in the city. And I consider myself to be a potato connoisseur. Everything I've had on the menu is fantastic. I love the wild boar sloppy joe. The beer list is extensive. The service is charming. You can't beat the unique menu or the whiskey list. This place is worth a detour if you want an extraordinary dining experience. Or the best fries in the city.AMAZING!!! I had the Pork Belly Porchetta, Corn-Bacon Risotto, Summer Squash, Chanterelle Mushrooms, Black Garlic Emulsion dinner last night and I can''t stop talking about it. The service was excellent the dessert is stuff that dreams are made of and the risotto is still making my mouth water. For dessert i shared the creme brulee it was so good I wished i had ordered it by myself. The drink menu is very impressive. Can I just live upstairs and eat for free?Mark my words I will go back to try lunch, and brunch which I hear is fantastic.I've been here a handful of times, so my review is based on a few experiences.Service - 5 stars+ each time. I have been here with larger groups a few times and with 4 or less a few times as well, and every time they get it right with the service. Great bartenders, great servers, accommodating hosts. Friendly, fast and knowledgeable staff for sure. This includes a visit during the opening weeks - which can be a little nerve-racking for any establishment, so kudos on great hires and great training.Food - 5 stars if you go for dinner. 3.5 stars if you go for brunch. Admittedly, this past weekend was my first brunch experience. The reason for a 3.5 star rating is that by comparison, brunch food seems to be lacking in the amazing flavors we have come to know and love from L&E. Both my husband's meal and my own just didn't hold up the way we hoped the would. I will say that the booze-y brunch drinks were innovative and delicious though, and for the record, it's not that the food was bad, it's just that for the price, you're expecting a little more. In short, I will definitely be back and I'm very glad to this place in the neighborhood. Just hoping they get a little more heavy-handed with the spices for their brunch menu.Really good. I would go back again.Whiskey/bourbon selection was great and the prices were cheap. The menu can get a little pricey so I liked that the alcohol was on the cheaper end.Long wait for our table but its a popular spot so that's expected. Also, I never mind waiting when there are cheap drinks to be had!Food was good to great. Shared several items. Pretzel was good but I felt like I could have that anywhere. Tongue small plate was also good but I have had better. Seriously, that wasn't a cheap joke. Had tongue at a Venezuelan restaurant and it was far more tender. Short ribs were out of this world amazing. I can't remember everything else we tried and I'm too lazy to look up their menu.Go with friends that like to share. I would recommend ordering as many smaller plates as possible so you can try lots of dishes.Service was good. Our waiter was available to answer questions but was not intrusive.Will go back but not on a Friday or Saturday night.Awwww shoooooot!I'm floored.  This place is epic.  I went here with a group of friends.  There were seven of us and we knew, it being a smaller setting, that it would take us quite some time to get sat.  It did (almost two hours).  So what do we do in all that time?  Oh yeah!  Get sloshed at the fantastic bar!!!I had a Lion's Pride Rye Whiskey Manhattan.  It was my first time trying Lion's Pride and I was really excited about it.  It was, of course, delicious.  The bartenders over there are amazing.  Expect to wait for your drink.  Expect to be glad you did.  I also had a glass of wine the bartender recommended and a couple beers they vouched for.  All great picks.Then came the meal.  WOWZAHS!!!  I was blown away.  We just ordered a bunch of stuff and ate it, family style, with a couple of bottles of wine for the table.  Here are some of the highlights:House Marinated OlivesMallard PatePretzelArtisanal Cheese SelectionSeared Foie GrasVeal SweetbreadTete du CochonRoasted Marrow BonesI think it was at about this time that I blacked out and went into a foodanddrinkcoma (the technical term, I'm sure).Seriously ridiculously delicious food.  The service was impeccable, the atmosphere fantastic.  I CAN'T WAIT to go back!This is my favorite restaurant in Chicago. I used to come here a lot shortly after they opened and now, it's almost impossible to get a table. Last time I was here, on a Thursday night, we had a two hour wait. Brunch is also amazing. This is my second most favorite place for brunch (Nightwood being number one). They cook eggs to perfection up in here. And there are often duck eggs to be had. And the bloody mary's are fantastic, too. Everything I have tried here, I have loved. I also love the people here and the decor and the vibes. Hearts all around!We assumed there'd be a crazy wait, so we dined elsewhere, then came here for drinks and dessert at the bar. The hatchi matcha whiskey cocktail  & Gruyere doughnuts were both spectacular. We had a layered chocolate dessert that was pretty sad... It was bland and involved a layer of gelatin (ick). Not sure what to think on that one.Extensive list of whiskeys and beers, friendly, down-to-earth bartenders, and cozy atmosphere. I'll be back to try dinner when I have time to wait for a table.At some point in my very late Saturday night, I declared that this was the happiest place on earth after Disneyland. Considering that I had been crying the entire evening, that is certainly saying something. L&E made me all better.... Excellent food, excellent staff, and I distinctly remember telling my friend in my drunken randomness that I loved the bathroom because it was going for a dingy, old, pub bathroom look but it was actually super clean and had designer soap. This seemed really important at the time, I don't know why.But really, you've got to go. The kitchen is open until really late (the real reason we went) and just churns out deliciousness like no one's business. Beef fat fries, I could've eaten that alone. Fortunately I didn't. My friends, there were cheese filled donuts, a flat iron steak that tasted good even when it got cold, a wild boar sloppy joe that my friend tried to finish even when capacity was reached.... oh sigh. Only downer was some of our first choices had run out, but considering we were eating dinner at 11.30 on Saturday night, I guess that was to be expected.The drinks are excellent, and our waiter Jared really knew what he was talking about. We got wonderful surprises when we reached the drunken point of "just bring us what you like, or what you think we'd like," and their predictions were right on point, given our soberly-made previous orders. The pinnacle was the bartender Derek making me an espresso-based cocktail, a nod to my love of coffee, and named it a Crying Melissa, a nod to me having been crying all night. There are no words as to how good that made me feel, in self-esteem, in spirit, and in inebriation.I will probably come back sixty more times. It's much closer than Disneyland is.LOVE this place. Where else can you go and get a flight of whiskey?!?! The bartenders were very helpful, and provided great recommendations. On top of that, the burgers were delicious, and came with AMAZING BBQ sauce. I loved it. I ate there two months ago, and can still imagine those fries!My friends and I came on a late Monday night, and I thought it was a Saturday, jam packed until last call. The place is nosy, so don't come here for an intimidate dinner/conversation.OMG OMG OMG OMG * I DIE *. Can I just move next to this place, seriously? Too bad I live really far away. My friend casually invited me to have brunch at this place. Without knowing anything about the restaurant, I casually thought, must be some generic American place.No, no no. The service first off was AMAZING. I can't remember the name of our waitress anymore but she remembered my friend from the previous night, was super friendly, smiling all the time, and very good at explaining the menu to us. I had a hard time deciding between fried chicken waffles, or tete the cochon, or smoked pork rillettes. I haven't gotten this excited over a meal just by reading a menu, and the prices can't be beat! I ended up with the over-the-top fried chicken & waffles, which made for two meals. I got to try my friend's tete the cochon, which was excellent as I'd expected as well. I would completely, totally come back here.I lived right around the corner and I am so sad that I've moved. I always have either a great time with the delicious drinks or a great time with the eating. The food is good and I love their upscale spin on southern fare. Whenever I want something tasty and juicy -- like pork belly-- this is where I go.Four and a half stars. Food is terrific. If they have it when you go, get the cornbread-bourbon pudding for dessert. Wonderful. It's all very creative and tasty as heck. I wanted to order one of everything, but ended up with pork belly + risotto and braised short rib + ravioli. The beer list is long and solid but not quite up to par with other beer-focused bars in town. I'm not into whiskey so I won't comment there but the list looked great if I ever wanted a whiskey education.Our server was overworked, so I felt bad for him and forgave a couple mix-ups. He was very friendly and knowledgeable. Service in general is very good though the hosting was unusual. Wife and I were told we would have to wait 5 to 10 minutes (no big deal), but ended up waiting 20 or 25 minutes (also not a big deal; it was a Friday night and crowded) for a two-seat table that had been open the entire time (that is the weird part). Go early because it gets crowded as heck. Will definitely go again.I'm going to go out on a limb here and say that Longman & Eagle may be my new favorite dinner spot in Chicago and I suggest you join me on that limb.The 1.5 hr wait estimation is not a lie but I can tell you it is well worth it. The sweetbreads was by far my favorite thing I ate the whole night followed closely by the open-face ravioli with scallops. The other dishes we sampled (the pretzel, the meatballs, the chicken, the pasta) were are yummy as well.. but honestly the pasta leftovers were not very good day 2, as a note.The interiors are warm and moody.. if that makes sense. And it doesn't hurt that it is accessorized with some attractive waiters.This review is primarily regarding their breakfast/brunch options; the place is a real doozie for early morning eating extravaganza's. I'm like a crotchety old man, I can't wait until noon to have brunch like a normal person. Being an early riser, I like to be standing in front of the place 5 minutes before it opens. Not sure what Longman's advertised hours are, but they open at 8:00AM: FULL BAR as well. I love, love their breakfast. My favorite item is the duck hash -- few eggs, potatoes, chunks of duck and an enormous amount of truffle/truffle oil. Seriously, I tastes truffles for the entire day, which was awesome. Their sausage is made in-house, so you should get a side of that. Bacon is generally not cooked firm, so ask for that if you'd like it crispy. Ah, breakfast drinks -- get the Negroni do Aquila or the Old Fashioned. I read in Chicago Magazine that longman makes te best Tom Collins in the City. Well, I didn't know that anyone drank those, but heck, get one and let me know. Bartenders are chatty in the morning, as long as you don't take up space at the bar and order water. They know a ton about whiskey, in particular, they know all about Buffalo Trace and Pappy. Solid. I come here at least once a week -- you can have breakfast, a drink and a smile for under $20. Highly recommend. If you come after 10:00am, you'll probably need to wait.It's busy. It's packed.  There is a reason.  I typically stick with the PBR Breakfast: Two Eggs, Nueske's Bacon, House Potatoes, Ice-cold Can of PBR.  On the side I'll get a coffee and bourbon.  How can you go wrong with a brunch like that?  You can't.  The reason why it's packed and busy: The food is darn good, great environment, the service is great and filled with a bunch of cool kids. I'm told not to call them hipsters anymore.I was so excited to try Longman & Eagle as its been highly recommended by so many.  We arrived somewhat early (6:00 pm) on a Friday night and I was surprised there were many tables available.  We had a party of 10 (many from out of town for a wedding that weekend) so we were pleasantly surprised to be seated so quickly.  (We waited about 45 minutes). They put us at two 5 top tables in the back by the bathrooms.  There were two empty two tops next to both tables so we asked to be seated all together since there were a lot of people we haven't seen in a while.  Their response was a cold no.   The service was quite, unemotional, and pretentious. The food was pretty and tasted good but I certainly wasn't blown away.  We ordered a few starters, an entree per person & two desserts for the table.  The timing of the dinner was perfect I must say, but for the pricing, just good food and the bad service I won't be back.This was just a sensational meal.  Having been to Longman & Eagle around a year ago, I have to admit to underestimating this place.  It's not that I thought it was bad, but the fact that I've failed to come here for a year was a misjudgment.  This is as good a meal as I've had in some time.We started with a bang - foie gras (yes, foie gras is one of my absolute favourite things to eat in life), and this was perfectly prepared, rich buttery goodness, perfect temperature, on top of peach infused doughnut, macerated raspberries, and a gelee was just outstanding.  It was a great play on a peanut butter and jelly sandwich taken to the next next levelRicotta gnuddi, light and crunchy, soft in the middle, fennel, fresh cucumber sauce. Duck breast, well seasoned, and although it looks a little overdone, it cut and tasted like a medium temperature duck, the duck leg was well cooked, fall off the bone, rich in flavor with offal (first try, quite tasty) and well prepared cabbage slaw.  It was also a huge dish, literally half a duck!Corn churos (amazing texture and flavor, super light and moist on the inside), dulce de leche (rich, sweet goodness), vanilla creme and saffron (which added a little unexpected spice).One of the single best food experiences I've had in Chicago.  Loved the atmosphere.  Bar/cocktail.beer selection is exactly how I'd stock my own (bourbon and whiskey centric).  Had about a 30-40 minute wait at the bar before we were able to snag a table but no bother.  Everything tried was good with the highlights being the pastrami cured sweetbreads and the...duck testicles.  Look forward to returning.Came here for brunch on presidents day - really fine food. The drinks are good too. I'd love to come back here for dinner and whiskey. It's like a bar with fine food. Lives up to the reputation.Phenomenal, just phenomenal.  A must go.Every dish and cocktail was excellent.Share a bunch of small plates and then have something else awesome for your entreé.I have now had Longman and Eagle for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  The worst part about the restaurant is that they don't take reservations, so we usually have to eat early dinner when we go.  I love the atmosphere, it is super cozy.  Their cocktail menu is impeccable,  They focus mostly on whiskey cocktails, my favorite is the campfire.  If you are a vodka fan, try the SVW (something with vodka).  Now for the food........The menu is laid out in bar snacks, small plates and large plates.  They intend for sharing of plates.  My husband and I usually do three small and 1 large plate and leave stuffed.  The menu is rustic and innovative.  The roasted bone marrow is a must try.  The menu changes often always incorporating the most in season of produce. Service is great, there will be a wait, and like many restaurants (which I HATE) they will not seat you unless your entire party is there.  I understand where they are coming from but with my job I'm always late to the party.  :(Ohh yes. This place is great.Every dish and cocktail we tried were good. Disclaimer: the cocktails are strong.Surprisingly there was no wait on a weekday night at 7pm.  There was one dish that was particularly memorable: watermelon salad.  Heaven on a warm summer day.Everything I've tried here I've loved. The waitstaff knows all of the intricacies of the menu so if you're trying to decide on a dish any one of them can help. It used to get so crowded that I started avoiding it, but now that they've added the bar in the old garage space, it's not as congested in the main bar/restaurant area. This place is a definite must-try if you're in the neighborhood!Yum!  Everything we had was delicious and creatively put together.  Some dishes we tried just because they sounded interesting.  Most we liked.I like the casualness of the whole place but the food and service were far above casual - so much thought into everything and our server was very helpful and descriptive.I would have liked a better selection of wines, but I know they are more known for their whiskey drinks.  Overall, I don't feel like the bill was hugely expensive either.It was worth the trek from downtown.  I'd recommend to my friends that were visiting Chicago.p.s.  We did arrive on the earlier side of the dinner hour and were able to sit down right away.I have a headache this morning.  I predicted my headache last night as I finished a big slug of moonshine.....WHAT?  Moonshine.  You know that a whiskey/bourbon/rye list is complete when it offers up Virginia Lightening.  With the help of Jim at the bar, we turned our drink menu into more of a checklist.  With $3 shots of whiskey you can do that.  (we sipped them in a very refined way).  "Dinner" was very good- I say that because we had already eaten Italian take out for dinner, but after smelling their kitchen for a good 30 minutes, we decided to put in our names in and go for late night round 2.  Our server William was great and led us through a great eating experience- good recommendations, timing, and attentiveness.  We also got a chance to chat with the kitchen staff which was great- they really take pride in their craft and were very friendly even after a long night of cooking- we stayed until after 1 and weren't the last diners. My fave on the menu was the scallops- they were the best scallops that I've had in Chicago- they were fresh and not overwhelmed by seasoning.  We loved the apricot (?) that came with cheese plate.  The ricotta gnudi (sp?) were light and delightful- I just wish they gave more....or I didn't have to share!  I wasn't in love with the cauliflower but thought that for a big chunk of cauliflower, it was artfully prepared.I appreciated the wild west touches but didn't necessarily like them for myself- from our meal the Wild Boar sandwich made from boar that are "hunted to order" and the oxtail with the scallops.  Even the kobe meatballs had a flavor I couldn't put my finger on.....I think you'll either love that or hate that.I'll definitely be going back to work on my checklist, have some more Rebel Yell and try a few more dishes- especially the seared tuna and the catfish.  I wholeheartedly trust what they do with creatures from the sea.  But I have to try to remember.....no moonshine or Charter 101 if its a week night!  I would kill for a fried egg and a bloody mary right now.....Despite the fact that I interviewed here and didn't ever hear back (although I think it has to do with some extracurriculars not on my CV- such as hanging around 4am bars) Longman & Eagle is pretty much exactly what I'd want to do if I opened up a place. Only I wouldn't put so much balsamic on the olives. For real though, awesome menu that does a superb job mixing the accessible with the adventurous, great service, stunning interior, and encouraging ladies to have whiskey with dessert should be a much more wide spread practice. I do however wish they would take at least a limited numbers of reservations. Servers know how to turn tables--but I think people feel entitled to sit around after having finished a meal in direct correlation to how long they waited.Yes, 5 stars.  Let's start with the negative.  It's crowded.  It's hard to get a table.  I've never eaten at a table here.  I go solo and I snag a seat at the bar, there's usually one seat at the bar and on one occasion they made one for me.I'll start with the cocktails, because that's how I start when I'm there, with a cocktail.  My first time there, the bartender was called Derek Alexander.  He is a craftsman and I think he quickly understood my appreciation of craftsmen.  We briefly tested each other's acumen, his as a mixer, mine as a drinker and the results were honest and honest-to-goodness cocktails.  I would trust Mr. Derek Alexander to make me a cocktail anytime.  On another night, however, I tried to order some of the cocktails I had enjoyed that first visit and in Derek Alexander's absence, the barstaff was a little less sure of itself.  A bit of a dissapointment.Next, for the food.  A complete thumbs up.  Everything I have eaten there is outstanding.  Rillettes, Veal Breast, Fried Clam Bellies, the Soft Pretzel with Welsh Rarebit.  Home runs, all of them. The kitchen is serious about food, real food and not scented pillows and trickery.   The Bristol and Publican have nothing on Longman and Eagle.   And Lula, my dear, beloved Lula, these guys are going to give you a bit of a run for your money.  I will be forever torn between the two and I'm sorry to say favoring Longman and Eagle.I only wish a table was a little easier to get.Stop 2 of the Drunk Monks Bar Crawl.Had the privelege of bellying up at the bar with Derek Anderson, who is a great bartender and mixologist.  I don't know if it was fortunate or unfortunate that we had this pleasure as we were partook tasing several whiskey shots which L&E is very well-known for.We ordered 2 IPA's that weren't very memorable, and would most likely continue to go to MapRoom for my hopfix; however, we will be back here for the mixed drinks and creative dinner menu.I'll definitely give this place a thumbs up, though I have a few suggestions...We sat at the bar, and the service wasn't very good.  I had to flag the bartender down for a drink, then a menu, then to order, then to get another drink, then to get the check.  He wasn't very attentive.  I noticed most people sitting at the bar had empty glasses too.  They looked very frantic, but the place wasn't that busy, so I'm not sure what was up.  The guys kept washing glasses, and bussing, all while people wanted something from them.  They could've been ringing $$ if they offered food, more drinks, etc.  My advice, is get a barback and start getting your customers to drink and eat...you're in charge of their dining experience. The duck rillette was delicious and well presented, though the jar was so artfully tall, that it kept falling over and making a huge crashing sound.  Perhaps smaller, flatter jars, that won't fall over.  I don't want to have to think about things breaking while I'm eating. The chicken was great, well seasoned, and quite a value at $15.The sloppy joe was good, though it was really missing sweet potato fries, or tater tots, or something else.  If it's to be served alone, I would either make them into sliders so they can be shared as an app, or serve it with fries or slaw. We were pretty turned off with the lack of service, that we intentionally did not get another drink or dessert, and instead walked over to Lula for carrot cake. Overall, the space is designed beautifully.  I loved the blond wood ceiling, and light fixtures.  There was s jukebox, and someone was messing with a stereo behind the bar, but we never heard any music at all while we were there.  Turn it UP!  The people working there seemed very nice.  I'm sure they'll be very successful...I just seem to compare so many places to Avec, Publican, and my neighborhood BYOB's, that it's hard to think of myself ever going out of my way to come here again.  I'll more than likely stick to my favorites."But you don't have to take MY word for it..." (L. Burton)Despite the recent press (and the bacon), I didn't think the burger was spectacular.  I'd suggest the sloppy joe instead - though less saucy than a traditional version, the sandwich was stuffed with plenty of pork and flavor, from the crispy sage to the fiery, roasted jalapeno.After starting with three small plates and an entree for everyone, our party of 4 shared the banana bread pudding for dessert, and it was fantastic - practically molten and full of banana chunks.  There was just enough in the portion to satisfy the table.Try requesting a julep made with lavender - they were out of mint when we visited, but the substitute was perfect.I had really high hopes for L & E and the food absolutely lived up to that.It started off a bit shaky... Confusion related to our large group of 8 (even though we called ahead to make sure this was okay and were told "absolutely"--weird), which was ultimately split into 2 tables of 4 (sad face). Speaking of odd, it was SLAMMED at 6 pm on a Friday. We didn't know there'd be such a rush for the blue plate special, but as it turned out, there was an entire restaurant FILLED TO THE BRIM with losers like us, eating during happy hour.Once we sat down, everything was incredible (and the super contrite managers and hostess were focused on our collective well-being). We got the meatballs (mmmmm) and this insane classy version of a tater-tot filled with ricotta (Ricotta Gnuddi) on some sort of mind-blowing sauce. We literally (but subtly) licked the plates clean. The bus boys were more than a little amused. I had the maple braised pork shank for dinner; so tender, you could breathe on it and the meat would fall off the bone. I also had a Harvest Sidecar drink which was delicious and complemented the food's earthiness. Dessert was almost too experimental (I say that as someone who's been to WD-50-- the house of weird-- but enjoyed it)... of course we ate every bite, but I don't know if I'd die to eat them again. A meal that was well-worth it. Now if only we could all sit together...We live 2 blocks away and walked over because we had heard good things about this place.  We thought it would either be the sad proof of yuppies taking over our neighborhood restaurants, or hipster hell.  We were pleasantly suprised to find that it was neither.  No one acted snobby, from the Nacho Libre clone host, to the handsome (and quite talented) bartenders.  The prices were acceptable for the fare, and the food was delicious.  I was a bit dissapointed by the portion size of my entree- but that's to be expected of a gastropub I suppose.  The best part of the night was watching the bartender make my whiskey sour (which is my normal drink anywhere).  He strained an egg though his fingers to catch and discard the yolk, shook the egg white and the sour concoction with extreme confidence and skill, and poured me up something frothy, delicious, and completely unexpected.  I would go there for the whiskey sours alone!We totally loved it, and would go back for sure.I'm gonna go listen to some Johnny Cash now....Let me start off with the positives. The food is amazing in this place!!!! Everything is so tasty and executed to its perfection. And, they are not expensive at all! Great portion size. I'd recommend to share everything though because each dish has its own uniqueness. They also have a great beer and alcohol menu and again, very well priced! The ambiance is great, very homey! Now, the only thing that makes me take off a star in my review is the waiting! It's ridiculous!!! The place doesn't take reservations so you have to put down your name when you get in. We waited more than 3 hours for our table!! It's good for the next door business because we went next door to sit down and have drinks while we waited. By the time we sat down at our table was 9:30pm. We finished dinner around midnight and people were still just being seated. I never understand the logic behind no reservations! Especially for a popular place like this. It creates a lot of grieve, really! Good thing the food is that good, otherwise, I'll be writing a nasty review right now!Longman & Eagle just might be my favorite new restaurant in the city. The neighborhood restaurant and bar serves up unique, flavorful American dishes concentrated on local ingredients. Two small plates -- seared scallops and foie gras -- were a wonderful start to the meal. Served over a bed of braised oxtail and soft gnocchi, the two large Maine scallops were seared to perfection. The foie gras was laid upon ginger bread with an espresso-sized cup of thick hot chocolate on the side. Much to our delight, a chef brought out a sampling of shrimp in celery root sauce to our table to try from the kitchen.The menu also appeals to the sans meat crowd with several vegetarian appetizers and entrees available. The butternut squash risotto was full of flavor and textures with tender diced squash, creamy rice, and dried herb leaves.As far as decor, the ever-popular exposed brick is combined with dark wood tabletops and seats and mirrored cabinets to create an upscale but warm and welcoming space. We arrived at 5:30 pm on a Friday to avoid the crush of weekend diners. By 6:30 pm the waiting area was packed with people spilling over from the bar that parallels the front dining room.Longman & Eagle is top-notch dining in a neighborhood setting on a reasonable budget. It's no wonder the gastropub was named "Best New Restaurant" by the Chicago Reader.They don't take reservations, so be prepared for a looong wait in a tight space, especially on weekends. Don't even try to elbow your way to the bar thinking you can get a drink while you wait because it's like taking the "L" red line at 5:30pm on a weekday. I suggest you go to the nearby restaurants for a drink while waiting for the hostess to call you. That being said, since you can get a drink at the surrounding near empty restaurants, it says something about the packed crowd at Longman and Eagle. After being seated at 9pm, I noticed the lofty and rustic feel to the restaurant and felt like I was in a barnhouse...in a good way! I thought our waitress would be overwhelmed because we were probably her 7th table of the day, but she greeted us cheerfully and took her time explaining the menu to us. The beer and whiskey list is extensive and I settled for something that had the word "grass" in it. Although it was a bit too lawnmower like for me, it was indeed the unique kind of beer that's hard to find elsewhere. Between 5 girls, we ordered the slow roasted cauliflower, pork belly, seared scallops, roasted beet salad and cheese selection. We enjoyed every single dish and I also took note that small plates restaurants usually put too much salt in the food; in the case of L&E,, everything was done just right. Each person paid $33 inclusive of tax, tip, 4 drinks, 2 desserts and 5 entrees. A great bargain for a night of fun, food and wine!All I want to say is Chicken and Waffles.But that wouldn't help you decide if you should go to Longman & Eagle. Or would it...?First off, I'll admit I was a little confused. While the interior is pleasant, kinda modern day saloon, it didn't match up with what I felt was a nod towards fine dining. Not that there's anything wrong with that. I just couldn't tell if I should be taking it more seriously or going with the flow.I went for brunch with my folks on a Friday around 11. Two complaints up front: my coffee was lukewarm (at best) and the room itself was kinda cold. Other than that though, I have nothing but good things to say.I've never eaten chicken and waffles, and I'm sure this is classed up to the point of being unrecognized. Whatever. It was AMAZING. The maple syrup oozed into the juicy chicken giving it an almost teriyaki type flavor. Oh, and it was served with a side of porky belly sweet potato hash. Yes, it was as good as it sounds.Mom had the Monte Cristo and dad enjoyed the PBR breakfast minus the PBR. They cooked his bacon extra crisp like he requested and didn't seem to notice (or care) about the difference between their one hour eggs as opposed to his desired poached.I can't wait to go back for dinner and drinks...but probably with different company.After hearing a lot about L&E I decided to check it out for myself. My friend and I went on a Sunday for brunch. Only a short wait, which was surprising, but great. My friend ordered the grits w. prawns, and said they were amazing. Even the grits were up to par, although she wished there were more.   I ordered a bloody mary and the market omelet. Not my favorite bloody in the city. It seemed to be missing something (besides olives). The ingredients were super fresh, but unfortunately my dish wasn't overly impressive. I will say that the greens that accompanied my dish were amazing, especially the dressing.   I'll have to come back for late night drinks because it was a pretty good atmosphere with a nice patio.Got here at 445 and had no problems finding a table.   Had no idea what a gnuddi was so we got it anyways. It was cheesy goodness. For entrees we got the wild boar sloppy joe and the cauliflower. Both were great and very 'midwestern' tasting. The jalpeño flakes in the sloppy joe gave it a nice kick. The banana and toffee pudding was awesome and probably our favorite part of the meal. The panna cotta was SO good we even thought that was the pudding!Left around 7 and there was an hour wait.Longman & Eagle is very classy, "old Chicago," and delicious!You need to plan to "make an evening of it" here, the wait can be long, but if you're up for it, it's a great evening!  There is a huge selection of cocktails, beers, whiskeys, and bourbons.  So relax and enjoy a few drinks before you are called to your table.  The menu changes periodically, but old favorites remain.  The meatballs over polenta are AMAZING!  I have yet to try the roasted marrow bones, I'm curious.  They have snacks, small plates, and entrees.  You can definitely make a very good meal out of snacks and small plates.  Everything is fresh and creative.  For dessert, there was a side of goat cheese ice cream.Met a friend who lives around the block for drinks and thought, hey, good excuse to try Longman and Eagle again. Low expectations, probably better experience.And I was right! We just wanted drinks and snacks. Our server was really friendly and tolerated my desire to just tell her what I wanted (a whiskey drink and something fried) without ordering from the menu. She recommended a drink no longer on offer and checked to see if I could just get a side of fries. Fantastic! Still pretty empty on an early Friday evening, so the atmosphere was chill. As I suspected, this place is great if you don't make an effort to go there.From the outside, one would never know this was a 4 star YELP favorite. Just a grey corner building with no bells or whistles. Inside the place is a corner Chicago tavern on steroids. The bar is to the right with floor to ceiling spirits (whiskey, bourbon, scotch, vodka etc). To the left 6 to 8 tables, but then in the back 6-8 more tables. I wanted to go for dinner, but the lunch option presented itself due to being in the area just past lunch time. We arrived and wow, all the people. We asked the nice hostess and were told 15-20 minutes, heck why not. We step to the side and began our wait, looking at the menu and soaking in the atmosphere. I could not help notice that just about everyone had a bloody mary. Certainly had to get one. After 10-15 minutes, the table was ready. Wow, the hostess was not lying, a very nice change of pace. We sat in the back, which is not as loud as the  front, however, you don't get to see all the action around the bar. Not that this place is all little black dresses and 4 inches heels. The patrons are come as your are, shorts, t shirt, jeans, some dress pants, and dresses too. I got the crab eggs benedict, and my wife got the omelet. Both were very good. Either came with a side salad or potatoes. I opted for the potatoes, although a bit salty, they went well with the eggs. My wife got the salad and raved about the dressing, but to me it was way too lemony. I also got a side of toast. Just two thin pieces of oblong toast for $3, with butter and jam. I will say that maybe the best toast I have ever had! Seriously it was so good, I have no idea what they did.And yes I got the bloody mary, but I got it with whiskey opposed to vodka. Sorry folks, it was awful. I did not even finish it. This coming from someone who drinks scotch and gin straight. l left half in the glass. Next time I will get a virgin one and see how it stands on it's own. Service is very good. Orders come quickly. A huge spirit selection. Local ingredients. Unique menu items. My only knock, portions are kind of small for the price. But hey, this is locally grown grub, so I will will sacrifice quantity for quality.Bottom line: great place and great food - but not sure if it is worth the hype/wait/cost.Must try (menus change every season - we went during summer/fall)-Small plate: Beef tongue-Entree: Chicken in clay pot---Details below---Context: -Came here with a couple of dudes for a late dinner (9:30pm) on a rainy day - was seating in only after 10 minutes. How much to order: -Split 5 small plates, 3 entrees between 5 people; it was plenty of food. Pros:-Great ambiance; relaxed setting that works for date night or just knocking back a couple beers-As expected, great service. Feel free to ask them to explain the menu - I did not know what half the words meantCons:-Though I did not experience it, heard that waits are usually 40-60 mins; I would not go back if I had to wait that long-At $50 a head, there is better value to be found (would rather drop that cash at Joe's stone crab)This place is an amazing and well deserving of their Michelin star. I've had the great pleasure of experiencing their eats, whiskey, and being able to stay in one of their guest rooms. The staff has always been nice and very accomodating. First off their dinner menu is tasty, the Artisanal Cheese Selection, Fruit Mostarda, and Crostini have never let me down and is always a great selection. Their Slagel Family Farms Burger is tasty, although I feel as if there were way too many fries on my plate. If your looking for one of their more pricier plates I'd have to recommend the Pan Roasted Wild Alaskan Coho Salmon. Their brunch is always super delicious, from the PBR breakfast, to the special and the coffee has never let me down.The room me and my guy had was comfy, cozy, and had a simple luxury to it. They warn you ahead of time that they are a very hands-off sort of place (no concierge/room service available), and they also warn you about the noise (the rooms are located above the bar and busy avenue) and other things ahead of time. I appreciated the forewarning, but I found that their style of doing things was a lot simpler and straightforward than most places and was something that I liked.   Over all the eat, sleep, & whiskey is amazing and everyone should give this place a chance.Came here on a Saturday night around 7:30 and were told the wait was 2 hours for a table for two - which was accurate almost down to the minute. I'm an impatient person when it comes to food and typically barely tolerate a 1 hour wait, but I've been dying to come to Longman & Eagle so I knew I have to tough it out. The bar was packed - I was actually a little surprised by how tight the quarters were in the dinging/bar area. I like lively places, but also don't love eating dinner with a crowd of people crammed around my table. Obviously they run a very strong bar service, so it's just something to expect. We walked around, and then when we returned at 9 there was some standing room by the bar. I had a whiskey cocktail, since I am not a whiskey drinker but wanted to branch out a little and figured this was the place to do it. Cocktail was tasty and well priced at $8.Then the food - two of us ordered two apps to share, two entrees, then a dessert - more than enough but perfect for us gluttons. We left feeling absolutely stuffed and we couldn't finish our very generous entree platters - even after waiting with grumbling stomachs for two hours.  Cheese platter - forget the names but it was a standard blue/mild/goat cheese trio. The selections were delicious and generously portioned. Even I, who can eat a block of cheese in one sitting would have been happy sharing with 2-3 other people. Apple/barely buzzed cheese/beet/salad - this could have so easily been a throwaway dish, but it was far from it. It's a fairly common combination of ingredients, but they made it special here. We were both absolutely intrigued by the barely buzzed cheese, and will likely be ordering a wedge or 5 online. Pork belly with risotto? Epic fail in terms of remembering the exact ingredients, but I was blindsided by the perfecting that is this dish. The slab of pork belly was huge, probably too big, but perfect in taste. And the risotto, sauce, and garnishes were insane - INSANE. Steak and eggs - good, but paled in comparison to my beloved pork belly. Impressed by the running egg in a ravioli...Dessert was shortbread with bacon ice cream, maple crumble, buttered popcorn mousse in a shot glass, with some sort of spiced apple? Another "i pork-belly blacked out and can't remember the details." Definitely on the savory side, but so interesting and complex for a mere 9 dolla.Highly recommended - so worth the wait.Oh this is tough.  Let me be clear here: the service, drinks, & ambiance are all 5-stars here.  Sadly, we thought the food was more deserving of 3 stars.  We first went to L&E a couple of months back and just tried some drinks.  Had a great time, and the food looked really good, so we made a point to go back when we could really enjoy dinner.  We got there last Friday night at 8pm and they told us it would be a 3 hour wait.  I said that's fine, we're in this for the long haul.  The host/hostess were awesome, gave us their phone number and said to go check out some other bars in the area and check back in from time to time to see what the wait was like.  Awesome.  You guys rule.  So we went to the Rockinghorse and had some drinks and an appetizer.  Then we went to the Whistler and had some awesome cocktails.  Then we called L&E and they said we could still kill about 30 mins before heading back over.  So we had one more drink then made our way back to L&E.  Once we got back, we ordered drinks from the bar at L& E and they were outstanding.  We only had to wait another 20 mins or so before they had a table opened up for us.  Ok, we tried:Olives: GoodMeatballs: Good.  Not outstanding. Pretzel: Holy shit, WHY was this pretzel SO salty?  It was inedible salty.  Honestly, consensus was reached between 4 of us.  It was WAY too salty. Artisinal cheese selection: standard cheese board here.  Wild boar sloppy joe and beef fat fries: Ok, this was what I was looking forward to the most.  The sloppy joe was just "ok"... you couldn't tell it was wild boar, the seasoning wasn't anything special.  But the worst part was that the beef fat fries were inedible.  Why you may ask?  Because once again, they were OVERSALTED  like whoah.  So. Effing. Salty.  You could tell they were delicious underneath all the salt, but you just couldn't get passed it.  Scallops: small, but good.Some sort of pigeon dish: meeeeeehhhhhhhhh..... it was pigeon.  Not sure what I was expecting.  We also ended up trying two of their desserts: the gruyere donuts and the cornbread pudding.  Cornbread pudding was the only outstanding dish of the night.  It was delicious.  The cheese donuts were not.So there's the conflict.  I really, really like this PLACE.  But the food was nothing special.  I'll probably try their brunch at some point, but other than that, I'll stick to the drink and L&E.Longman & Eagle is a perfect neighborhood gastropub.  Everything it does, it does well but the highlights are the craft cocktail and spirit menus and meat dishes. I don't enjoy meat very much but Longman & Eagle's menu always begs that I order it and so far I've always been glad I have. Most recently, I ordered venison sausage -- a small plate, which I ate as my entree -- and it pretty much blew my mind. As great as the food and cocktails were, it was the service that made the meal. I told my server about my specific food allergy early on and rather than just passing my special requests to the kitchen, she seemed like an advocate and the kitchen staff seemed to be thinking about how to make my experience as good as any other. This stood in contrast to many restaurants, which can make me feel like I'm ruining their masterpieces with my bothersome restrictions. I agree with other reviewers that brunch is great. (I had duck hash.) Dinner gave me a chance to try more dishes. It was well worth the long wait for a table (which just allowed more time for cocktails).Longman & Eagle: How do I love thee? Let me count the ways...I love thee for thou Mac and Cheese with Cherry Tomato Confit, Arugula, Market Mushrooms Mornay Sauce and other delectable bitsI love thee for thou Wild Boar Sloppy Joe perfectly, surprisingly and intriguingly seasoned with sageI love thee for thou Whole Hog Crepinette over Cheese Grits, which my sister ordered and as soon as I tasted I wish I had ordered and which reminded me of Mexican carnitas, which is a good comparison in case you're wonderingI love thee for thou amazing (and local) Intelligentsia coffeeI especially love thee for warming up our hearts and souls on a frigid Sunday afternoon with the fantastic selection in your flight of single malt scotchesI love thee for Phillip the bartender who unprompted came to our table and schooled us on the casking and peating process of whiskeys as well as the differences and histories of bourbon and scotch. My sister and I heart you PhillipLongman & Eagle...Your ampersand makes my heart skip a beat. I long for the day when we meet again...Went on a Saturday night and arrived around 5pm at the beginning of dinner service.  We had a 5-10 minute wait.  Brian, our server, was excellent in his knowledge of the drink and dinner menu.  We decided to order a bar snack, two small plates, a salad and an entree.  Can't quite remember exactly what we had because the descriptions of each item are lengthy, but in a nutshell we had the bone marrow and boiled pig face small plates, great salad with apples and beets, and the rabbit entree.  We shared everything.  It was the best meal we've eaten in Chicago to date.  Everything was orchestrated perfectly and in a timely manner.  We felt like we were doted upon and we were the only diners in the restaurant, which says a lot because the dining room is cramped with only 26 seats in the front dining area with about 12 at the bar.If you haven't been yet, get there quickly.P.S. - Bone marrow small plate was excellent to try, but wouldn't order again due to the fact that it was especially small.LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!I came here and already fell in love with the ambiance. it was definitely a place I'd like to kick back, relax with a friend over some beer and good food.they have a HUGE beer selection and it was delicious! i forgot what we had but i noticed that they also have a building connected to the restaurant where you can see people going upstairs (glass windows) into the cute hotels when you're too drunk to go home...... how cool is that. Appetizer: I had the bone marrow with french toast... soooooo good and sooo greasy. You dip a cute little spoon into the marrow and use that as a spread for the toast... Entree: Had the Slagel Family Farm porchetta, sweet corn, bacon risotto, peach heirloom tomato relish, pea vines,and paprika oil. It looked like a weird combo but all of that completely went so well together. I love sweet corn and bacon so i went with in instincts.....it turned out phenomenal. I forgot what beers i had because i was so carried away at how amazing the food was and how much i enjoyed my company...Saturday was my second visit, both for brunch. I am still waiting for the wow. At the point where I will only go back for dinner.OK, dishing it out ...Food: Heavy is the word that comes to mind first. Had the shrimp and grits; sauce totally dominated the dish and was way out of whack, ratio-wise, to the S&G. Much, too much. Shrimp: Cooked fairly well. Overall, an OK dish, hardly great. Dad had the Biscuits and Gravy and he said the flavor of the gravy was still with him an hour and a half later. And not in a good way. I tasted the gravy; I can see what he meant. Biscuits were good, though, flaky and buttery. Mom's bacon was crispy and very tasty, salty goodness. Her eggs were cooked well. My "one hour" eggs had not reached the custardy quality they were apparently going for. They were still too runny and unevenly cooked.Service: Perfectly fine. Not special. Good. A solid good. Coffee (which was very good, by the way) was promptly filled.Decor/ambiance: I like it. Comfortable. Although I must say it gets noisy in there. Be forewarned. It's full of cool people, but I did not feel out of place with my nearly 70-year-old parents. But then again, they are cool people.Price: A little high, but not offensive.Overall: Both visits left me wanting more. The first time we went, my Dad's dish was served way too cold. They heated it up more on request, and the first visit was better. But neither was five-star worthy. I want to like this place oh-so-badly, but it hasn't lived up to the Hipster Heaven Hype. I will try it again -- one more time as of now -- for dinner, but I am not clearing my schedule to do so. I'll go in the summer ... will be curious to see if there is more finesse in the food in the warmer months. If so, I am out for good.I'm not going to beat around the bush, get really flowery and emotional, or do any of that unnecessary stuff. suffice it to say that Longman & Eagle is the be all and end all of gastro-pubbery; a scenester, whisky drinkin, foodie bliss. It's hip, inventive, has a good crowd (sometimes a huge crowd), and everything they do, they do well. I was here for dinner and everything I ate was amazing, from hand-rolled pasta, to home-made spreads. I also drank a fair amount from their extensive whisky and wine selections. Drinks were reasonably priced and great as well.There's a reason this place is recommended by the Chicago Michelin Guide. But don't take my word for it, go do yourself a favor and find out.My husband and I went to Longman & Eagle on a Saturday afternoon when we were in the city looking for a good brunch place for some good eats.  We went around 1 PM in the afternoon and was told that there would be about a 20 minute wait.  While we waited, we sat at the bar.  My husband had a virgin Bloody Mary, and I had their Mimosa.  Their Mimosas were quite tasty.  The Bloody Mary was a bit thick due to the lack of alcohol, but pretty tasty.  I did notice that the bartender was going heavy on the alcohol on the Bloody Mary's that were being ordered.  We got seated and had a super cool waitress.  She was chill and gave us some good recommendations.  I had the Chicken and Waffles.  He had the Croque Madame with Fries, and we shared the Grits.  My husband's made me instant grits before with salt, pepper, and some cheese.  I didn't really care for them, but our waitress said that these would be the best grits ever.  She was soo right!!!  These grits were cheesy and crunchy - probably one of the best things I've eaten in a while where I drool thinking about it.  My Chicken and Waffles was well seasoned, nice crunchy coat, tender chicken, and fluffy waffles.  The Croque Madame was good, but the fries were the best part!  I'm not sure what they put in their fries or grits, but it keeps me wanting more.  TDLR; Food was out of this world good, service was good, definitely going back again.For brunch place, def 4.5 stars!  We waited for freaking AN HOUR AND 30 MINUTES.  First time trying, got there around 1 pm. on Sun, thinking it would be less busy then.  The line was not too long, but we were so out of luck.  First, the patio was closed cuz of rain (less # of tables than usual). Second, while 2-person tables kept becoming available, bigger tables had HORRIBLE HORRIBLE TURN-OVER RATE ystdy. Bad luck, I guess. Or, those who were sitting in the big tables were all enchanted to be tied there.  Not upset with them, it's just.... three of us were sooooo hungry.  =((The hall manager and a server apologized a few times during our wait (because everyone else who came after us got sitted and, in fact, finished their brunch).  When we were finally sitted, they served us a complementary french toast dish immediately - we were joking that we must've looked like jumping all over and eat their tables... lol.  It was nice of them, as the french toast was really yum and we somehow restored our sanity back with sugar in our blood!I had a Bloody Lawrence, a bloody mary with corn whiskey. Wow, impressive!  It was spicy, but well-balanced, with great after taste.  It was not a from a mix, but made with their own recipe.  I loved it!  Our food was also good.  Three of us ordered skirt steak, chicken with waffle, and biscuit with gravy, and all were very good.  I loved the spicyness of their sauce and in the gravy.  My chicken must've been cooked twice - very tender indeed. We all agreed that the skirt steak was the best. The reason for a small deduction:  The potato garnish for the steak dish was yumm to the guys, but too greasy and salty to me (ah, well, who cares about healthy food in brunch place....).  Also, the gravy was waaaaaay too thick and heavy, I couldn't steal more than 2 bites as I got fed up with the taste (again, it tasted super good in the first bite.)  My chicken dish was good (somehow reminded me of KFC chicken...), the waffle was so-so, the maple syrup was awesome, but the sweet potato garnish - the major reason for my choice - was meh.  I didn't see the point of dicing in such small cubes, and I couldn't really taste the flavor. It was just greased potato-ish orange-color cubes. If it were served in thin crispy fries, or mashed potato like, it might've been better IMHO. Finally, I felt that the manager could've been creative in putting two 2-person tables together for us.  Despite all this, it was a very good brunch place!  We are coming back soon.Been back twice since my first review.  Solid and still ambitious.  Excellent staff and whiskey list.  Still cant bring myself to try the duck balls though, and haven't been able to talk any of my table mates into doing so.  That minor grievance aside, L&E continues to stand as a place you should take your friends and daring parents to.There are multiple things that went wrong with this.I went in first and got myself seated at the bar with a drink. i thought the lady at the front got my name down for a table coz she checked my id. neways when my partner arrived, about 45 mins later, i was told we would have to wait another hour to get a table. had no idea that the lady at the gate did not take my name down for a table when i had expressedly asked for a table for two. so we left and was deliberating where to go when they called us back in and gave a table.food - it was bland. almost everything tasted like mildly salted pureed asparagus and grass and precisely not the flavor i was craving for that day. had the agnolotti, something else which was very unmemorable, sturgeon with oxtail ravioli (ravioli was tough and the fish was once again very unmemorable) and the 3 way lamb which i imagine was okay as lambs go. for dessert we had the tonka bean anglaise - if i remember correctly a pudding like thing in creamy sauce; and then the yuzu steamcake - no idea why anyone would call a slab of pound cake, steam cake - it was way to textured and made it seem like a kid has baked his first cake. seems like they just like to name things oddly - the first dessert on the menu had bangladeshi almond cream - and being a neighbor of bangladesh and having never heard of such a distinct bangladeshi almond, i am pretty certain bangladeshi almonds taste exactly the same as the almonds at whole foods. this nomenclature should have been a warning sign.but then they made up for the service by putting one of the desserts on the house. hence the 3rd star.anywhoo - very unreliable food for a michelin starred joint. the chef seemed to be on vacation. so, count me out.Okay, I must say I am really conflicted with how to rate Longman & Eagle. Let me explain!The place was packed and I loved the atmosphere, the bar was packed but we only waited 5 minutes to get a table on a busy night which was really nice. Although once we sat, right away we were given water but our server looked really busy with the tables and it took a while for her to check in with us. Again, I understand the place was packed. Once she came around to us we were ready to order the server was nice and helped us pick out some dishes. We did a whole bunch of little dishes to share which is my favorite way to do it. Again, it was busy, but our server forgot to put in two of our main dishes and after our appetizers we were waiting and waiting for the other dishes to come out, I thought it was just taking a while to cook but after asking about our main dishes she said they were coming out, but after waiting even longer and talking to the manger she admitted she forgot to put the orders in. I was kind of disappointed by this. I had heard such great things about the place and usually  I can look past little things but I just felt like with the reviews of this place that should of not happened. That all being said, the food was amazing! EVERYTHING we tried was amazing, we had a wonderful butter poached lobster dish, the pork belly, roasted cauliflower, seared Nantucket bay scallops, and a burger,  it all was stunning. I REALLY wanted to give a better rating but the service aspect just kind of bummed me out. I will for sure give it another try, the food was just too good not to.Brunch is served until 3pm, but you will want to get there at least an hour before that. While you wait (and you will be waiting) the bloody's are a great start. My favs on the Brunch menu include the chicken and waffles with sweet potato hash, brioche french toast, and smoked salmon benedict. This hipster hot spot is always packed for a reason and it is definitely a good one.Was there the Saturday after Thanksgiving day 2013, wanted to have breakfast with friend. Waitress said that we should wait in the bar, we were waiting with other people more than 1 hour and then gone away, personall just forgot about us. It was wasted time and we were hungry and angry.Probably more like 3.5 stars, but the poopy feeling I have in my belly the morning after makes me round down.  I liked the atmosphere.  The place was past capacity on a Tuesday night.  The staff was friendly and service was more or less pretty good, but the kitchen was pretty slow.  It took quite a while for us to get our appetizers and entrees.  Our 1st course was simply fantastic.  We had the sunchoke soup and some fried clam thing.  Both were completely top notch.  Our sandwiches were above average, but nothing more than that.  My burger was bleeding pretty bad and I thought my wife's wild boar sloppy joe was a dried-out letdown.  The beef fat fries were tasty, but I didn't feel too good eating all those fattiness.  Our dessert was kind of a letdown too - it was the stiffest, cake-iest creme brulee I ever had.  I swore I could detect a faint meat flavor deep within it too which put me off.  Not very good.  Definitely a lot of potential in this place.  The kitchen was probably overworked.  Might give it another try sometime down the road but won't be going out of my way until then.Went with a friend to Longman & Eagle. We ordered a lot because there was a lot we wanted to try. After we ordered our food we were surprised by an amuse bouche from the chef. This was just a small bite of pork pate with red peppers (I think?) on the top. Whatever it was, it was delicious. Off to a great start! Thanks, chef!Next up? House-marinated olives. .. because we love olives and you can rarely go wrong with house-marinated olives.Duck rillettes with mustard, buttered toasts and cornichons (fancy name for baby dill pickles!). The rillettes is cooked down meat in fat and served jar. It's spread on toasts and topped with a bit of mustard.  The rillettes was soooo good. I'd go back just for this dish.Next up we split smoked sweetbreads with salsify, roasted beet, and brown butter applesauce. If you don't know what sweetbreads are, don't look it up because you don't want to know. Just know that this dish was really tasty and better than the sweetbreads I had at Custom House, the only other time I've had them. I think maybe because they weren't fried.For my meal (I know! I've eaten so much already!) I got the wild boar sloppy joe with crispy sage, onion, pickled jalapeño. This sandwich was pretty great. I thought the jalepeno would be too spicy, but it was not. The onions were perfeclty crispy and the boar had just the right spice. I liked this, but it wasn't my favorite of the night.For my friend's main dish she got the pork belly confit, pumpkin risotto, chestnuts, apple, and soy-caramel broth. This was another stand out dish (along with the rillettes). Very well balanced. The pork was salty the soy was salty, the risotto and apple was sweet, but not overly. Nutty crunch of the chestnuts. Awesome.By this point we were so stuffed that we couldn't move, but that did not stop us from ordering classic crème brûlée with plum compote and langue du chat cookies. Again, very well balanced. The creme brluee had the perfect crunch on the top and was creamy inside. It was sweet and the plum compote was a great tangy compliment.At dinner I drank Half Acre Daisy Cutter Pale Ale. My friend had a Manhattan that she nursed throughout dinner. Good, but strong! The beer list at Longman & Eagle is very good, so if you're into unique brews you'll like it. You can see from the photos above, we got to Longman & Eagle early, like 6:30 p.m. and enjoyed ourselves for a few hours. Even though the restaurant is small, we were not rushed. I would recommend going early, though, because they don't take reservations unless you're a party of 6 or more and it's Sunday, Monday or Tuesday.I'm probably one of the few people who doesn't love this place.  I agree with others, definitely overcapacity in the main dining room.The kitchen was slow, but they were very busy that night and I would expect this to have improved by now.  Pretty good food, but being a pescetarian, there were no options for me besides the cauliflower entree I got.  It was okay, but kind of boring.  Good beer selection and cocktails.  I'd go back for drinks.The food is so good, the cocktails are excellent, and the staff fantastic.  But it's crowded.  Crowded with hipsters who don't live in the neighborhood (or, even worse, have just moved to the neighborhood and are definitely making it a less great place to be).  Crowded with hipsters who have been drinking heavily and thus show great asshattery frequently.Solution?  LUNCH.  Lunch at the L&E is fantastic, the food is just as good, the clientele is much more neighborhood-centric, and who doesn't occasionally want the 2 (or 4) whiskey lunch?Intimate atmosphere.  Got the wild boar sloppy joe, which wasn't crazy gamey, very nice as everyone else has said.The gruyere donut's are insanely good.As for whiskey I had to go with standards to see how they stacked up.  Their Manhattan and Old-Fashioned were both well made and tasty.Blood and Sand was a little too sweet but still a very interesting cocktail.Also got the "White Flight" of Koval unaged white whiskey.  It was divine.  I need to drink more Koval.  A lot more.Overall, a great experience.  The hostess was fun, and our waiter Cortland was knowledgable and enthusiastic.  We sat down at 5:30 on a Monday with no wait, but by 7 it was packed.Got a Chef's taste of some lobster bisque as well, which was a nice surprise.Highly recommended.Everything was ok.  I have come here a couple of times, once with a large group where I sampled many things and other times where I just sat at the bar with an appetizer and drink.  I don't know . . . the service was pretty good, everyone was nice.  It's just not my favorite.I like this place a lot. Went for lunch and ordered the sloppy joe which was out of this world. The service is great and the drinks are made to perfection. Would highly recommend this place to anyone.Longman & Eagle just keeps giving and giving.Not sure where to start. The service is professional, but not over the top, just perfect for the place.The bartenders are the best I know of in the city. Derrick and Marta = Greatness.And the food just keeps getting better. Always surprised, in a great way.If you can love a place, I'm gonna marry L&E.One of the best meals I've had in a long time. It was definitely worth the hour wait.The small plate scallops and tete du cochon were both incredible. I was a little skeptical of the scallop dish at first...scallops and short ribs are definitely not a traditional pairing but it worked and it was good.  I had the wild boar sloppy joe with beef fat fries as an entree. Also, amazing! The spiciness of the sauce was a nice, unexpected surprise. The beef fat fries were flavorful but by no means the star of the meal.For dessert, I had the chocolate tart. It was a little too much after such a heavy entree but it was so good I couldn't stop eating it.This place may become a new favorite of mine.I grabbed a seat here for a late brunch, despite the decent crowd, and settled in for a superb meal.We started with drinks -- Hot Buttered Rum and Mimosas -- which definitely exceeded the bar set by the etching in the front window, "Eat Sleep Whiskey."  From the looks of the full bar drink menu, every Bourbon and Rye you could dream of is ready at hand.  5 stars to the bar.I ordered the duck confit hash and eggs -- semi-exotic, but hearty and savory.  Very good.  I sampled a bite of the cheese burger which was topped with Nueske bacon and a well-paired cheddar. 4 stars to the cuisine.The staff was friendly enough, but I cannot say they were attentive.  Given that it was brunch, they probably should have had more people scheduled.  I had to flag down my waiter a number of times. 3 stars to the service.Bottom line: if you're looking for a great brunch with morning beverages to match, Longman & Eagle is the place to be.This place has a great atmosphere on a weekend!  It was packed at 10:15 on Saturday.  They have  great drinks and wine list as well as many beers for selection.The food I had was good as well.  The fries were great and I could not get enough of them!  I also had their home made pretzel which was tasty.The only thing is that there was no sign on the door so I was not sure if the place I was entering was longman and Eagle.Things started off rough here, when we were told we were looking at a 2 hour wait--which in actuality turned out to be 40 minutes.  Right of the bat, I loved the rustic feel of the restaurants.   It just feels real and comfortable which is perfect for the kinds of meals and beverages the restaurant offers.  We started things off with a couple of beers--I got the unibroue chambly noire and the lady got the stiegl.  I recommend both beers to anyone if they still have them on tap when you go there.  I'm especially partial to anything unibroue makes and was really excited to see that longman had the chambly noire on tap.I have to preface my comments with a small side note that this place may not be for the less adventurous diners.  I absolutely loved this place but my girlfriend was less than thrilled with parts of our meal.  We started things off with their meatballs and the tete du cochon with a sunny side duck egg which were both phenomenal.  These were their small plates so the portions were not big but the meal was packed full of unique flavors that really complimented the beer I was drinking well.  The meatballs were in a creamy cheese sauce that I really found to be tasty and the tete du cochon came with a mustard dipping sauce which was excellent (and I typically stay away from mustards).  They also brought out a spoonful of chowder (I think) as a complimentary dish from the chef which was also very tasty.After finishing the small plates, I ordered a old tom gin fizz for the gf and a bourbon and fernet cocktail for myself.  The fernet cocktail is one of the best drinks I have had in a really, really long time.  I could still taste the bourbon without the fernet over powering it and the combination of the bourbon, vermouth, and fernet in the cocktail was spectacular!  The gin fizz was a really nice drink and something I would recommend they push harder on the menu in the summer time.For the entree, I had the pork chop which was a really healthy portion of meat served over some collard greens (and maybe some potatoes?  I had to admit at this point of the meal things were a little bit fuzzy..)  I really liked the souther style of the pork dish and if I were to go back I would probably ditch the small plates and go straight for the pork and beer combo.  My gf got the burger which she liked although she felt their medium was a bit undercooked for her liking so keep that in mind if you are ordering the burger.  She did give the burger her approval though which is saying a lot because she wasn't all too impressed with the other dishes.If I have any problems with the night it was that my bill was a lot higher than I had anticipated, but great food and drink like this should come at a premium.  I am definitely coming back, although I think I will be less aggressive in both my eating and my drinking.  This is a must eat place in Chicago and I hope it continues to provide the high quality of service, cuisine and libation for a long, long time.Chicagoans, you don't know how good you have it! The average restaurant and average female in your city are so far above other cities' average restaurants and females.  It is just absurd.  Pros: Great beer selection, amazing mixed drinks, outstanding foodCons: a bit priceyDuring my last visit, I stopped into L&E for brunch at 2 on a Sunday.  The place was packed with hipsters and their too cool facial hair.  My friend and I ordered drinks at the bar and were seated surprisingly fast considering the crowd.  Rule: GET FRIES.  That is the only MUST every time you come here.  My pork belly blt sandwich rocked too, but i am excited to try something else next time.Everybody, and I mean EVERYBODY, seems to rave about this place. Which makes me sad that I have to give it a less than stellar review.But I digress. I came here with family, planning on breaking my vegetarianism for something  awesome. We put our name on the waiting list for three (my brother was about a block away), and they told us to come back when our whole party had arrived. Having worked in the restaurant industry, that makes sense... Except that my brother arrived about a minute later, and what had been no wait suddenly turned into a 20 minute wait. How strange and disappointing.Anyways, we finally got a table. Out waiter was friendly and accommodating, so that was good. We ordered the marinated olives as an appetizer. I love olives, and these were really good! Well... Except that there was a hair in the bowl. Gross. I don't really care about that kind of stuff, and I hate making a fuss over things in restaurants, so I didn't say anything. My friend I was with mentioned it to the waiter though, and he apologized but didn't offer to take it off the check or anything. Whatever, not a huge deal to me.Much more disappointing than the hair in the olives was my meal. I got the hamburger with the sharp cheddar and bacon because it sounded AMAZING. It wasn't. It was incredibly bland! I couldn't taste the cheese, and the bacon was alright but nothing to write home about. Overall it was really boring. The fries were good but very salty.One other weird thing that happened was my friend asked for salt at one point because there wasn't a salt shaker on our table... Instead of bringing a salt shaker, the waiter brought out a little bowl of salt! As if not enough people want to put salt on their dishes for it to be worthwhile for them to have salt shakers... I can't imagine that's true.Anyways. Longman and Eagle, as I said before I REALLY wanted to like you. But you're a little pricy for having such mediocre food. Perhaps I'll give you another shot some other time, but until then you're three stars in my book.Extremely happy that a good friend recommended this restaurant for brunch.  Considering that my friend is a great cook and has a great sense for fantastic cuisine, my wife and I came in with very high expectations and where still blow away. We were asked to wait 20 minutes so we decided to each have a bloody mary.  Once seated we were greeted within minutes.  We looked at the menu and were very impressed with what we saw. We chose to start our meal with the golden raisin & vanilla Scone with clotted cream & honey.  This was freshly baked and extremely delicious.  My wife had the deconstructed clam chowder with seared pork belly.  She gave that dish 5 stars herself.  I had the new item on the menu which was the whole hog head over cheesy grits and bacon fat cooked brussel sprouts!  Another 5 stars!Overall,the experience was exactly what we needed on that day and we look forward to going back and trying a new menu item!Lived up to its hype. We arrived around 9pm on a Saturday, which clearly was not a smart way to get a good table (we were told the wait would be at least 1.5 hours). But we decided to take our chances and hang out around the bar for awhile to see if two stools would open up, since they'll serve their full menu there. Lucky for us, 20 minutes later we were sitting down! (I would not recommend this strategy unless you are ok with just having a drink and then leaving to get food elsewhere - the entire time we were there I didn't see any more than a few other barstools turn over.)Onto the review: I love that their menu is so playful (cheeze whiz?!), and that they have a wide selection of whiskey cocktails. I had the Shrubbery - delicious. The cranberry shrub (a fruit reduction/vinegar) gave the drink a nice fruitiness without being overly sweet. It complemented the bourbon wonderfully. Food wise, we sampled several plates. My favorite was their chanterelle pasta entree with artichoke hearts. The mushrooms were buttery and divine. We also had the ricotta gnuddi with eggplant caponata. The caponata was the best part of that dish, so I was sad it only came with a garnish size amount. The open faced ravioli with scallops was pretty good, and my date seemed to enjoy the sweetbreads. I got a kick out of the fact it was a super fancy version of buffalo wings, veggies and ranch.All in all, definitely worth checking out. I may need to go back for brunch.Yes it's crowded. It's good and fun, what do you expect? We were quoted two hours for a table, but ended up sitting and eating at the bar after about an hour and a half. We entertained ourselves with awesome whiskey drinks--the bartenders were more than happy to make suggestions on drinks and flights and it all worked out great.I'm not sure what else to say that hasn't already been said. The food was adventurous and great, it's a little pricey but you get what you pay for. I'll be back and I'll be bringing friends. Probably one of my favorite's. Cool, not too formal but good dining and drinking experiences in the city.Okay. I've been around in the food industry for a while now. We strolled in to L&E on a late Thursday evening and were sat immediately. Sweet!Drinks were super duper tasty. $3 alcohol, cool I'm all for it. The food was disappointing. Especially after everyone had told me such amazing things about this place.  Now, I know it was late and people were probably tired, but one of our entrees never came (we weren't charged for it either -phew) and the three that we did get were seemingly mediocre. The sardine was tasty with a Meyer lemon puree which went nicely. The marrow was super difficult to get out of the bones despite the fact that there were demi-spoons. Also, I've had better, less fussy marrow elsewhere. The Buffalo sweet breads were probably the biggest disappointment. They just tasted like franks red hot. That's it. Nothing more and nothing less. Also the portion size of that was insanely small. Small is sometimes okay, and I suppose I am glad that our least favorite thing was the smallest but.... I was expecting more from the Chicago food scene and Longman & Eagle in particular. I will say that I didn't get sick and the food was edible, so three stars for you L&E, kudos.Shoot, I was ready to come back to Detroit to get some good food, however weird that sounds.We had brunch @ Longman and Eagle for easter, and boy did it make being away from home quite dandy. Recommended to us from some good friends, they suggested the chicken and waffles. I cringed when told the suggestion as I just tried it for my 1st time in WI a couple weeks earlier and found it not the most appetizing combo. But with much dismay I ordered it and it was fantastic! My man got eggs benedict which he loved and the service was great.Side note: Our receipt came with "Their favorite Yelp Review Yet" on a postcard. Which had a review from Yelp stating that the place was dark, gloomy and noisy and asked who would eat bone marrow & wild boar using the word yucky to describe it. And even said the place was not for them and that it seemed so awkward. HAHA! GREAT marketing idea Longman! If you're only going to print these kind of reviews mine won't make your next post card as I loved my experience.I can't tell how glad I was when this place opened. The previous establishment at this location was horrible. I have come several times for lunch and dinner and have sampled many of the dishes (we like to share) and this stuff is phenomenal!  From the bone marrow to the beef fat fries to the welsh rarebit on to the wild boar sloppy joe then the deconstructed rabbit pot pie, and on and on. The cocktails are great but their beer selection is snobby. I prefer premium lagers and pilsners to ipas and ipas and ipas. Theirs more to beer than just hops. The wine list is premium. And that's its problem. Too premium. The atmosphere is totally current Logan Square hipster, but I don't mind. I'll keep coming back for the food. But I'll keep coming back for the food.Incredibly creative and delicious food. Very cool ambiance. Great whiskey selection, they made me the best old fashioned I have ever had. And, at 8 bucks it was equal to or slightly cheaper than the typical drink at most of the other cocktail bars around, combine that with some of the most delicious food I have ever had and you can understand why this is one of the most popular restaurants(maybe the best) in the city.Longman and Eagle does what it does better than anyone else. Everything I have had here; the small plates, the entrees, the cocktails have been absolutely top notch. This level of excellence alone is worthy of five stars but the price point they deliver this all at shows how much they truly care about their patrons.What an extensive drink menu?! Our server actually had the whole thing memorized and was able to answer our questions about the menu with surprising ease.My friend, his girl, and I went this past Sunday late afternoon to grab a drink. I was famished after a long day, and decided to get the burger. Suffice to say it did not disappoint. It was pretty juicy, and the brioche bun complimented the burger patty well along with french fries battered in beef fat. Yum!  We had a round of Three Floyd's Zombie Dust. A difficult drink to come-by, especially on tap. So I've been told. Haven't made it to the liquor store lately, so I can't adequately confirm that particular statement yet. What I can confirm is that the burger was well worth the price ($12 meal including the fries). It's definitely made its way into my top 5 to join Davanti Enoteca's Davanti Burger, Three Aces's Ace Burger, and Kuma's Corner's Solace Burger. Might've even displaced the Ace burger in my standings. Also, whiskey flights?! I honed in on that section of the menu for a good 5 minutes. Flight of 3 single malt bourbons for $14. Not bad. This being my second visit to this establishment, I didn't realize how much I was lacking in my knowledge of whiskeys. Albeit, I wouldn't call myself a connoisseur or aficionado, but whiskey is my default drink.  Between the three of us, we maybe recognized only 5-6 of the brands in a long list.  Could've used a one-liner descriptor under each selection. Might've helped a tad. Educate us! The first time I went, I met up with some Logan Sq residents for the $5 special apps Mondays. Think it was Shrimp fritters with black garlic aioli for $5 + $1 cans of Milwaukee's Best. Again, not a bad deal. The free shots of whiskey didn't hurt any.  Except I'm not into fritters. Luckily I could enjoy the can of Milwaukee's Best with a shot of bourbon for only $3. Made my night. Plus there were a couple marketeers walking around giving out free samples of some locally distilled whiskeys.People tend to rave about Longman & Eagle so I was excited to check it out. Perhaps sitting outside when it was a little too chilly for me set the tone for the night - irritated and uncomfortable. But that was my fault. What is not my fault was the food selection that we ordered:Bone Marrow - it was ok, nothing terrible but nothing great.Quail - seemingly overly fried chicken, with barely any meat.Soft shell crab -  just not that melt-in-your mouth sensation that you're looking for.I didn't HATE Longman & Eagle, I just wasn't blown away by it, nor did it give me the incentive to want to come back. Had I sat inside and ordered differently perhaps my tone here would be a bit more positive...but on the flip-side, should I even have to worry about ordering wrong at a restaurant with such rave reviews?One of the original killer grub spots in Logan Square.  They do Sloppy Joe's the way mom wished she could have.  Enjoy the full scoop from Hungry Hungry Hinden with pictures...hungryhungryhinden.com/2…I am from out of town and this was my third time at L&E.  All three times were for brunch spread over the past one year.  The first time I had biscuits & gravy, the second time I had the La Strada (which was not offered this past weekend), and this most recent time I again had the biscuits and gravy.   The gravy was excellent and you could see the herbs in it.  My companions ordered the duck hash and the mac 'n cheese; both were delicious.  We sat in the back room and it was a good mix of bustle but quiet enough for conversation.  The waitstaff was attentive but not overbearing.  Breakfast food options at brunch were between $8 and $15. I also ordered a bloody mary, and it came in a pint glass garnished with a little cocktail sword with a cornichon and a square of cheese on it  which I greatly enjoyed (plus a lime and a lemon wedge on the glass). The bloody mary also came with a small (2 oz?) little cup of beer too.  (The bloody mary was not clam-like at all but it was spicy).    It is good to remember that the brunch cocktails are on the brunch menu so you don't have to go searching through the extensive drink menu.  I believe my bloody mary was around $8 and it was well worth it.My boyfriend took me here for a little anniversary weekend staycation. Bartender Chad's wife recommended it to me, and we couldn't have had a better time. We got there just in time for the end of brunch on Sunday, which was phenomenal (try the chicken and waffles). We stayed in Room 55 upstairs. I believe it's the biggest one they have and it's at the front of the building. You can tell there's activity in the restaurant and bar below you, but nothing terrible. Kind of adds to the experience really.We had dinner there the first night and it was fabulous. We ate braised veal heart, oxtail cannelloni with scallops, pot au feu, and several other really delicious dishes. The best part was the tab! With both of us having cocktails and leaving completely stuffed from dinner, it came to about $150 total. The same meal in NYC would easily have cost us over double that. I lived there for 5 years and my boyfriend is from there, so we were both really pleasantly surprised when we got the check.Chad was an awesome bartender both mornings that we came downstairs for breakfast and drinks. Very knowledgable of their whiskey selection (which is insanely big). We tried a few of the $3 shots and then shared the flight of white whiskeys, which was really interesting for a change.I HIGHLY recommend you check this place out if you're at all interested in good food or good whiskey. Oh and yeah, a romantic little getaway with someone special.Somewhat overrated in my opinion. There was a bit of a wait but shorter than we were told. I ordered the Peeky Toe Crab Benedict and it was good but I got sick of it halfway trough the meal. The potatoes that came with it were excellent though. Someone else in my party got the fried chicken which was juicy and delicious till he got to the middle which was cold. He sent it back and got another meal. The Wild Boar Sloppy Joe was very tasty and a bit spicy. There are a great deal of drink choices here and their service is pretty good.For the amount of press this place gets, I am not sure what the fuss is all about. I found the food to be mediocre despite the somewhat pretentious way it's presented by the waitstaff. We started with the bone marrow for an appetizer and shared the special (roasted chicken with truffles, for 2), scallops with oxtail gnocchi, and something else that I cannot recall. The bone marrow was a new experience for me and I wasn't really digging it just from a pure textural perspective (admittedly, I don't like the concept of chewing on fatty tissue, though the onion jam should be on everything). The oxtail gnocchi was very good but it was more of an enhancement to the scallops (which I didn't care for because I'm not that big of a seafood eater), and the chicken was average. Given the long wait time, color me unimpressed.* from my visit on 10/2/2011The aerated ranch dressing that came with the buffalo sweetbread was an incredible taste sensation; as was the duck trio for the main course. We didn't have to wait long for a table. Loved the attentive service. I'm definitely coming back here.Quite simply put my favorite restaurant in the whole city, with the caveat that I haven't been to them all. If you want Michelin Star quality, incredibly creative, locally raised food combinations that consistently push the envelope coupled with fantastic whiskey and beer selections, knowledgeable staff and mixologist bartenders in a casual atmosphere all at reasonable prices then you need to come here. This place is not pretentious like Everest and the like are pretentious. However, is it a little hipster pretentious? For sure. Is it always packed with routinely 1-2 hour wait times? Yes, and the reason is that it's a spectacular place so that's a necessary hurdle. Is it really dark inside to the point of being hard to see the menu? Yes, but I like that part of the ambiance. If these last 3 things bother you then maybe this is only a 4, or even a 3, star place for you, but it fits me like a glove.  In fact I'd rather you not try to go there as there'll be more great food and whiskey for me. Cheers!A great new spot in Logan Square.  Worth a visit from anyone in the area.  Prices are up there, but the food quality is great.  Service staff was spectacular.I finally got to eat here!  I ordered the Mac & Cheese with Oxtail, and it was superb.  The definition of savory.  The Longman Lemonade was a delicious afternoon cocktail, up to Scofflaw standards.  The service was perfect.  I can't wait to have dinner here!mini-update: My return visits were just as or even more wonderful. swoon!-------I dined with a vegetarian who during dinner kept gazing at me like I was a contestant on Fear Factor, and god help me, if she wasn't around to keep me in check, I would have likely and gleefully sucked out the marrow and chewed on the bones from my roasted bone marrow and bacon shallot jam small plate. L&E instigated the same visceral reaction from me in some of the other choices as well (the ricotta gnuddi with celery froth was a standout). The dessert was just as intriguing, a decadent chocolate treat topped with hops ice cream and washed down with Dark Matter Unicorn Blood espresso. My friend and I left overcontented, busting at the seams and wanting to U-turn for more self-inflicted gastronomic masochism. If my return visits are even close to being just as wonderful, L&E gets 5 stars easy.I'm sure this place has ardent fans that find waiting 1.5 hours for brunch worthwhile, I didn't.  It's very crowded even at the tables (tush nearly knocking over someone else's water glass to use the bathroom=very close quarters) and you have to plan ahead to try and get there when there isn't a two hour wait.   I ordered a breakfast item that was fine, but not living up to the hype or the wait.Oh! How I love thee...I don't even know how to describe my feelings about this place. Warm cozy gastro-pub atmosphere with AMAZING food..They don't take reservations but you can put your name down for a table and enjoy a few drinks at the back patio bar. This whole place feels so home-like  and staff is very friendly.We had a great experience on two separate trips. Herb marinated hamachi collar offered the best flavors of the ocean, while the plate of marrow bones topped with some sort of a tomato jam was probably the moment I want to re-live. Rich flavor of tomatoes and the smooth texture of bone-marrow with a fatty and rich taste lingering in the mouth..Oh!! and no one can forget about the steak we had, served with small raviolis and a pesto sauce. Every item on that plate had a unique flavor of its own and still worked well with all the other components..After all that, we topped it off with two unique desserts that I don't even know how to explain. The whole menu is packed with creative and unusual combinations executed well. Friendly service definitely adds to the value of this place.You have to come to this place to fully experience it for yourself.To this day I consider food my only addiction and as long as places like this exist, I will be happy to be a food-addict!This review is for drinks and atmosphere only.I ate here within the month it opened, but I wasn't too focused on the food/drinks, and cannot review from that perspective.  However, I visited recently for drinks.  It was a bit crowded, so my date and I had to stand while having our drinks. However, the drinks were excellent.  There's an excellent selection of top shelf good stuff, and tasty cocktails for all sorts of palates.  This isn't the typical hipster joint or quintessential Logan Square place.  The Lincoln Park trixies/chads, family from out of town, and resident hipsters are all sure to feel welcome and comfy here.I am so impressed by this place considering it has just opened... This place knows exactly what it is... from the decor to the menu, etc. Everything is focused and feels self-assured.  I had the yuzu toddy (amazing!! I had two of these), pumpkin risotto with pork belly, oxtail/scallops, and tried the roast chicken dish.  The risotto/pork belly was a little on the sweet side for me, but good.  Everything else was great too.  Probably not the most mindblowingly good food I've ever had, but definitely solid, and the price points (entrees average around 25-30 bux) were reasonable. It's the overall package that I appreciate... I've been to restos with a similar feel in Brooklyn and the Lower East Side in NYC that I've been waiting to open in Chicago.  Thanks to L & E we finally have one!Finally, I so appreciate that although the food may be a bit upscale, the drink menus are insanely affordable (as mentioned here in the other reviews), so you can still have high quality drinks in a polished but down-to-earth environment at the bar with upscale, affordable bar snacks.The kobe burger, with aged cheddar and bacon, is delicious. The place is a bit uppity, like you're supposed to be the type of person who calls themselves a "foodie" to go here. But the drinks are solid, the service is friendly enough, and it's not too pricey. Beware though, that you gotta go early to avoid a wait, because this place is popular.I will say that my best pals who went here had the same complaint that I had: the server was a pretentious douche. Smile for once, dude, and I'm sorry that I had the temerity to ask twice what kind of cheese was on the cheese plate.I went with my friend, Mel, on a Wednesday night and the most adorable hostess in a jumper & tie seated us.  The room is warm and inviting.Highlights--- the marinated olives, the scallops & braised beef was drool inducing fabulous, and the porkebelly had a good balance of sweet & fat.  ;-)  The MaryJane candies at the end of the meal made my night.Lowlights-  the duck spread on little toasts felt like tuna fish salad and had little flavor.  Also, our drinks took a really long time to come out to us.  The bill was a bit pricey for the quantity of food (but not the quality.)I want to give 3.5 stars, but will go back to let them wow me again.Another establishment that moves to Logan Square and trumps anything in Lakeview.  Great bar to stop in for a drink, and you should never worry about the wait.  They mix a proper Old Fashioned which will keep you company.  Nice set of bar snacks, but that is what they are for: the bar.  Don't complain about a small plate, as the prices are low enough to build a full menu and share tastes.  For a proper sized appetizer, grab something of the plate menu.  I was most impressed by the dinner, as the veal and the pork comfit were exceptional.  Even with drinks it was reasonable.  In summary, you can eat VERY well here for $30-$50/person with drinks.  Expect to pay $8/drink for a mixed drink, $12 for a sandwich, and $18-25 for an entree.Yum!  I ordered the first thing I laid eyes on (the meat and gnocchi and asparagus) and literally cleaned my plate.  Even slurped up a tiny bit of the bone marrow with each bite: it was so daintily placed on top of the entire dish that I couldn't resist!  My meal was bursting with rich and complex flavors ... but somehow remained pleasantly unpretentious.Our group shared a slew of "bar snacks" ... all delicious.  Even if you are not a particularly adventurous eater, I'd recommend sliding on out of your comfort zone here.  They do it all (especially charcuterie) extremely well.  Service was friendly and knowledgeable; drinks were divine (I'd recommend trying their version of a Manhattan ... awesome)!Bravo L&E! I've been on a gastropub binge lately due to the gloomy weather and Longman & Eagle has long been on my punchlist.. After perusing fellow Yelper's reviews, one rainy May night, I knew it was time for me to give it a try..I had the pretzel with welsh rarebit (cheesy but not overpowering) to start. My friends and I ordered the following to share: Wild boar sloppy joe, Scallops with braised oxtail, and the Cauliflower (i forgot the trimmings). The standout was the scallop dish, it was PERFECT though the portion was small. I'm still craving it. The cauliflower was surprisingly delicious and a standout on a menu that mostly caters to carnivores. The wild boar sloppy joe was lauded by most patrons, but was not the best in my opinion. I don't think I'm a fan of gamey-tasting meats.Really what's there to be said about this place that hasn't already been mentioned?  You'll either like the food or won't depending on your person.Me, I like the food.  It's interesting, diverse, and makes me feel like an adventurer all without leaving my neighborhood.  I love the atmosphere in here. I do try to come when it's either early or late in the night because I don't appreciate dense crowds, but when there's a few people mingling and you can get a spot at the bar and chat with some friendly and knowledgeable bartender I can almost imagine a sharp shooter wrapped around my hips and a player piano in the corner.  I feel like I'm in a modern day wild west and because of that I actually drink whiskey when I'm here.  And let me tell you - they do have quite the whiskey selection and they're always friendly to the novices like me who taste whiskey mostly as varieties of liquid wood. Now if I can only remember where I parked my pony.Was pretty excited about making the trip up to L and E.  Menu looked pretty good, as did the selections of whiskey and beer.Pros: Cool space, great tunes, laid back vibe, friendly staff.Cons:  Food needs some work.I had...Wild boar sloppy joe w/ fries....decent concept, but way too much food...felt bar food gross after eating this.Pork cheek and gnocchi...tasty but not memorableMarinated olives.....wonderful!Pretzel and rarebit....eh.Others had:Buffalo frog legs....fried and covered in buffalo sauce...what's the point?Pea risotto...rice was gummy.Overall, somewhat disappointed but would probably go back for drinks and snacks.  Big entrees not worth the price tag.I recently brought some out of town family to L & E for an impromptu brunch.  It wasn't exactly on a whim, because I've heard so many good things and have been wanting to come, but we were on a Tour de Force of where I've spent the last decade of my life kind of Chicago neighborhood adventure and I remembered that this place is where the Winds used to be.  When I lived in Logan the only satisfying options for breakfast or brunch were Johnny's Grill, which was the I'm-still-drunk-and-will-go-back-to-bed-after-we-­eat-this-and-smoke-a-bunch-of-cigarettes kind of meal or Lula's, which meant my parents were checking in on me.Longman & Eagle made me miss my old apartment.  Maybe it was the bloody cocktails before noon, but I almost called up my old landlord to see if he had any apartments for rent.The breakdown: everything that hit the table was delightful.  I can't say one bad thing about anything I ate or drank.  Since we're a close family, there wasn't a plate that I didn't stick my fork on.  Also I'm an egg snob.  It is an inherited gene that can ruin even the most charming of brunches, but I'm glad I can appreciate an egg that is prepared properly.Truly one of the best dining experiences I've had in a long time and I am so glad that I got to share it with some people that I love, because it is hard to find a place that runs as smoothly and deliciously as L & E.  I can't wait to come back.This place did not disappoint.  Went there for brunch and can't wait to hit up dinner.Street parking was no problem.  Zero wait for table, but then again, didn't wait around for dingy hostess chic to seat me....just sat myself, told my server and he didn't seem to mind.Ambience is cool, urban, organic, lofty, leaning towards garage-y.(sp?)  Cozy temp...music was stellar. Where the heck else are you gonna hear the Supremes and The Smiths back to back? Guess their iPod was in the "S" section. Loved that.Ordered an Old Fashion cocktail and loved every part of it...down to the square, retro, seemingly solid ice cubes.  I paired that with the Duck Hash with duck eggs. OMG. Insane good. Truffle sauce set a nice base for the potatoes to absorb but the kicker was this sick dollop of vinaigrette that was hiding under my eggs.  I had to order a side of it just to believe it. Stuff really tied the plate together (and aided in my personal obsession of vinegar based sauces)  Of course, had to get a side of sausage AND a side of bacon to try. Both were top-notch. Zero gristle in the sausage..and to me....that alone will kill the deal.On the plate, it doesn't look like a ton of food....but flavors are so well done, rich, savory,...almost relaxed, that you leave there very content and feeling kinda good that you ate organic, local ingredients and actually liked them.My server was more than pleasant, knew his food, and knew the establishment. I dig this A LOT. Raul....big shout out to you my dear.  I will for sure be coming back for dinner and a whiskey flight. Or two.Rumor has it there's rooms for rent upstairs; unfinished paperwork has them on hold at the moment but can't wait to see them. Place is right across the street from the blue line so super easy airport access. Dessert is suppose to be quite memorable too....will report back about that when I do dinner.I've been here three times.  The food is always amazing.  Some say expensive, but they use quality ingredients and put care into everything they serve.  You get a free bite of something with each meal.  Once for dinner it was meatballs (my favorite! I mean... crêpe suzette!) and once for breakfast it was banana bread (maybe banana, yummy nonetheless) with butter.  Small portions = room for dessert! 4 desserts on menu + 4 friends = hit, hit, pass. Perfect.It does get REALLY crowded. I hate crowded places, but I would crawl through a sea of sick hippies and incontinent Lady Gaga fans if a steaming pile of Longman and Eagle awaited me at the end. Favorite drink for brunch is the Seelbach: champagne, bourbon and bitters.  Why water champagne down with OJ when you can add more alcohol!? It tastes effin fabulous and gets you effin effed up!3* Buffalo Frog's Legs3* Meatballs3* Seared Maine Scallops4* Black Truffle Gnocchi1.5* Tete du Cochon3* Pork Belly4* Maple Braised Pork ShankI was here in December with a friend visiting Chicago from New York.  He's quite the foodie and he read all about Longman & Eagle in GQ.  It was listed as one of their ten best new restaurants in America.  It was crowded when we went here (I think the wait was quoted around an hour), so we wound up sitting at the bar.I am not quite the foodie, but GQ (and Cesar, my friend) were right!  I was on a budget that night so I got the cheapest thing on the menu:  the wild boar sloppy joe.  I am glad I was broke that night!  The sloppy joe was better than most burgers I've eaten in my lifetime.  It was THAT GOOD.  My friend got the pork belly and also had the mallard paté appetizer.  While his were good, I LOVED MY SLOPPY JOE!All the waiters were hipsters.  A lot of the patrons were hipsters.  The bartenders were hipsters (but ours looked like he knew what he was doing).  Is Logan Square turning into a hipster neighborhood now?  (I'm a full-time student and work almost full-time too, so I don't get out much)  On the hipster note, they had PBR for 2 bucks in BOTTLES on the menu.  As I mentioned earlier, I was on a budget so this was a good thing (I've seen bars (especially in NYC) charge up to 6 bucks for PBR cans, and have no clue how they sell any that way).  I was a little disappointed when my PBR came in a can, but only because I've never seen a PBR bottle before.  I will definitely come back here for a Wild Boar Sloppy Joe!4.5 starsSimply the best breakfast potatoes I've ever had.  We each had potatoes with our brunch, then ordered a side of them for dessert.  We went there for brunch after reading reviews here, and we're glad we did.  I had the crab benedict, which I'd give 4 stars, and I my girlfriend had the banana french toast.  Both were really good, just not perfect - the french toast was a little dry (solved this with some additional syrup) and the crab benedict lacked a little something.  Beyond that, the service and drinks were excellent, as well as the ambiance. Just the perfect neighborhood brunch spot...I wish they had one in Austin.Loved their brunch menu, but opted for their mainstay Wild Boar Sloppy Joe. If there was a Noble Eightfold Path to Gastronirvana, then Longman & Eagle would be one of those steps.Also, for a twist on a classic, ask the bartender to make you a Bloody Larry.My visit to L&E is what I'd like to call a "happy accident".  My friend and I had no plans of coming and were instead going to get tapas at Azucar next door.  On our way over I told my dinner companion it happened to be next to L&E (a place we've both been wanting to try but have never bothered due to the feared wait time) and she suggests we just peak in and ask how long a table will be. We stepped inside to a very busy restaurant but noticed a not so busy patio section.  Boy were we lucky that it wasn't super warm out and apparently no one was brave enough to handle the fall-like weather because we barely waited 10 minutes for a table at 7pm on a Friday!We started the night with delicious cocktails, a manhattan and a dark & stormy---so so good!  What can I say about the amazing food that hasn't already been said.  Just one delicious plate after another.  We shared 3 small plates and one entree: roasted bone marrow, scallops on a bed of black truffle gnocchi, pork cheek, and pork belly on a bed of butternut risotto. Seriously---if not the best meal I've ever had, EASILY in my top 3.And now, onto dessert.  Oh, the dessert(s) of my dreams.  One look at the menu and my friend decided we needed to get 2 and not 1 (this is why we're friends).  We ended up picking one of their newer menu items (straight from their fb page: Maple & Bourbon Cornbread Pudding, Blueberry Compote, Pine Nute Jelly, Cinnamon & Pine Nut Ice Cream) and then the gruyere donuts topped with parmesan and a side of marscapone and fig jam.  I can honestly say that these 2 desserts were the best desserts I have ever tasted in my 29 yrs on this planet.  I mean, donuts with cheese inside?  GENIUS.Pricewise, I really don't think we spent an outrageous amount (~$50 a piece plus tip) for the amount of food, drinks, and dessert we got but also for the crazy-amazing (cramazing?) quality of the all of the food. Definitely will be going back to try other fancy cocktails and for more delicious food!!I was a bit unsure about what to expect of this place given the location and the low-profile decor they have. It's a very laid back atmosphere, a long wait, and food that's totally worth waiting for. That little kitchen can turn around some amazing stuff!Our waiter was knowledgeable, had good suggestions, and spaced out the food perfectly. A friend and I split 6 small dishes ( which is about half of their small dish menu. And yes, they were smaaaaall) and 3 full desserts. The desserts were full sized, in case you were wondering. Every thing we had. I mean, EVERYTHING was really good. The osso bucco was amazing, as were the scallops. And we finished all three desserts. My favorite was the almond cake thing. Can I say, AMAZING?Will def. be going back.Looks like there are enough reviews about food (which was awesome), so I'll comment a bit on the drinks. Tried the white whiskey flight, which was definitely a unique experience. Can't say I enjoyed the white whiskey more but appreciate Longman giving me the opportunity to try.Bitter Redemption was my favorite drink, stronger than the Old Fashioned. Also got to try the Beaver Beer, which was ok, and this hot bourbon drink which was a nice way to finish off the meal.The bone marrow is a must order, probably the best out of all four preparations I've tried so far in the Chicago.Service was spot on. The only minor complaint is that the front entrance gets packed really quickly and it can get a little awkward standing so close to the diners. I understand why they don't take reservations but it would probably solve the crowding.This place was absolutely fabulous. A definite must for all whisky lovers! The tasting menu for drinks is out of this world. Go for the bourbons and leave out the scotches. This place has an absolutely fabulous collection of bourbons and you should take this change to definitely get an old-fashioned or a bitter redemption.This place had the full package. I think the burgers/sandwiches were definitely great value for money and the fries were soooo soooo good. Personally, I liked the veal but wasn't too impressed by much of the other meat entrees. Desserts were absolutely great. Definitely shareable after a long heavy meal. The beaver beer was pretty good too. In terms of atmosphere, it was decent. Our waiter was knowledgeable, super chill and had great recommendations!Can't say too much more than, YUM!I had a late lunch here Monday of this week. There was a pretty decent crowd but not enough to really judge the service. Our waitress was attentive and they had no problem with us lingering a long time which was refreshing.Excellent menu. Creative combos. One of the better restaurants in Chicago, hands down.Another review is sort of pointless at this point, given they are already closing in on 900.  That said, here is mine in brief.  This place was highly touted and met expectations.  We went for brunch on Saturday of Memorial Day weekend.  We were seated fairly rapidly considering the day.  We had the duck hash and the crab benedict, and a few drinks.  The food is top notch with great fresh ingredients and very well cooked.  My companion and I split the plates and thoroughly enjoyed both.  For the price, you probably can't do better for breakfast food of this quality.  Their beer, spirit, and cocktail menu is very nice and competitively priced.  The service was fine and friendly, but not always timely, so nothing outstanding there.For the food... I'll be back again for sure.Don't let the ambiance fool you.  This restaurant has a very neighborhood appeal with a menu fit for foodies.  If you're looking for unpretentious atmosphere and delicious cuisine I suggest to pay a visit to Longman & Eagle and discover why this place was awarded a Michelin Star.  As the line can be crazy the best time to go may be around 2 pm if you don't want a wait.Fried Chicken and Waffles - It's not easy to do a juicy friend chicken breast, but Longman has certainly figured it out.Duck Hash -  Delicious and Highly recommended.We came here for brunch on a Sunday...it was amazing.  The best bloody mary I've ever had! I had a salmon benedict that was so wonderfully satisfying. There is a wait, and the portions are just right...not to big, not to small...so don't come starving...you might wait 30 minutes or more! The staff was really friendly, the servers weren't overbearing...busy, and not ignoring us at all.  A really lovely experience.I'm sorry, I was under the impression that a bloody Mary was made with vodka. When u give me beer to put in just tomato juice, its called a Michelada. I shouldnt be mixing my own drinks at a retaurant. The red pepper was WAY over the top and practically slaughtered the tomato juice. Our food arrived cold. The Big Daddy "sandwich" was egg and meat and jam on a slice of bread. The bread, the meat, the egg, was all cold when it got to our table. Definitely not getting what u pay for. The sandwiches don't come with sides and their options are mediocre and laughable. My partner and I felt like Hobbits because we had to go home and have a 2nd breakfast. Of all the restaurants on the block, it definitely falls into the bottom 2. For 32 bux, "we shoulda gone to Lula's" was the song we were singing. Not a place for brunch.....unless you're into all thatNot too bad of a wait about 20m on sun afternoon, grabbed a couple of drinks at the bar and sat in the beer garden for the wait.  Beer garden has a cash bar.  I ordered the duck hash which was excellent, a tad salty but great overall.  Bf had the special w/ o PBr, he said it was a bit lacking in flavor but agreed with me on the hash.  Overall good place to grab some drinks and enjoy a nice brunch.I think L & E sort of typifies a restaurant in Logan Square. Being new to the neighborhood, I may say that naively but they have excellent food and mixed drinks, good beer list, and a slightly apathetic service staff. It is like Logan Square restaurant servers don't want you to think that they care about their jobs... But I digress. We arrived at about 2:45 before the kitchen closed at 3:00 on a Sunday. I wanted the mac and cheese, but it came with short ribs and I don't eat meat. When I ordered the quiche instead, they were out. Totally understandable since brunch was ending in 15 minutes. I took a chance at the mac and cheese without meat, and I am glad I did. Wow. Delicious. We shared a salad with green goddess dressing. Tasted like the lettuce was picked that morning. So fresh and local-tasting.  I also ordered to special drink, a caipirinha. Very delicious. Service was fine.Awesome place.  I think I remember having escargot when I went here (may have been a different place though).  The all-black decor is pretty cool.  Check it out.Great selection of whiskey and the bar tenders mix wonderful drinks. Brunch is one of the best in the area. The fried chicken and waffles are a go to. BRING BACK THE SCONES! Dinner portions are big and tasty. Lots of meat dishes. No RSVP so the wait can be a pain. Beard watching is premium here and all the servers are part time lumber jacks.Try the Buffalo Frog Legs! They are delicious.  Perfect with a crisp Scrumpy's 22 oz cider to share with someone, too.  Love this place!!I'm really bummed to be writing this review for a restaurant that previously was without a doubt on my top 5 restaurants to eat and bring friends to in  Chicago. Stopped in for a Friday lunch last week and was seated outside on a beautiful day. It started out great, but after 50 minutes and no food something was definitely not right. Then when our waiter walked by and asked  "you ladies ate already right?" we were obviously a little surprised/concerned. 5 minutes later they tried to give us an the wrong order....then he came back and tried to give it to us again, seriously.  Finally when our meal was delivered our salad was missing its key ingredients a compressed melon and fig salad without figs. . Once our waiter came back  we asked about the figs our waiter finally came back 15 minutes later, he brought a 1/2 of a fig on the side and apologized. Finally our meal came, and my friends omelet tasted likes something you could order from a  diner on the corner and my wild boar sloppy joe (which I've had before) tasted bland and unseasoned. To make it worse,  our waiter didn't even offer to take off anything on our bill. Coming from a Michelin Star restaurant, this shouldn't be something the customer has to ask for after such poor/late service and a clearly poorly executed meal. My hope is that my experience was truly an anomaly because I'd hate to see this place go down hill like this.For a restaurant that doesn't nearly begin to specialize in Vegetarian Cuisine.  I was highly impressed.Let me first start off by saying that the restaurant was immaculately clean!  The floor, table tops, glasses, silverware, bar, and table legs, and also the bathrooms were elegantly glimmering.  I like that.  It means people work hard at appearances.I have dined here twice and look forward to many more occasions.  On both occasions I ordered the Slow-Roasted Cauliflower on a bed of Beluga Lentils & the dish that has Pea Tendrils and White Truffle Oil.  Delicious!  The food was prepared beautifully, the ingredients were fresh, and the flavors blended perfectly well with no ups or downs-- the dish was incredible.I finished with the Creme Brulee served with Plum-compote and Cats' Tongue cookies.  Mouth-watering!The service was outstanding!   The waiters/waitresses and busser's, including the managerial staff were attentive, intelligent, and witty.  And I also like that despite the fact that my roommate works there, I WAS given the royal treatment.  I hope to have many more wonderful occasions there.2 words. F*@!$%*& rad. If you don't like interesting food go down the street and get some pizza and quit your bitchin. The chef is outstanding with how he puts things together. I have been in this place 5-6 times and everytime have a totally unique experience with his food. Favs: PORK BELLY crispy on the outside really tender and any prep they have for it is perfect and well worth the $22. Scallops melt in your mouth, get freaky and try the duck testicles they're rad, agnolotti super tasty, wonderfully put together cocktails... their old fashioned is the best I've ever had and I don't even like whiskey all that much, dark and stormy, and whatever the one is with the housemade blueberry syrup.They also keep the kitchen open late even on Sundays - we ate on a Sunday at midnight. One of the best restaurants in Chicago hands down, I feel honored to have them in the neighborhood.I like the food here, despite the first time I came when the risotto was way underdone.  That was right after they opened, however, and the second visit definitely made up for it.I do feel a little discriminated against as a gin drinker, but they do have Hendricks, so I can't really complain.Had a great experience here.  The hostess was exceptionally friendly.  The look/feel of the place is nice; nothing that will really blow you away.We had a few drinks (the Scotch/Whiskey/Bourbon list is worth a gander).  They have some decent beer on tap an din bottle.  It is no Hop Leaf, but you 'll be able to find i micro or something main stream whatever fits you tastes.The food was great.  We had the pretzel, vegetarian corn risotto, seared scallops, and duck rillettes.  I definitely recommend ordering a few plates to share.  That food+2 beers+the Koval flight+a glas of scotch= $78ish total.  A bit pricey but unique.  My main reason for the high rating is that we were quite slow, but I did not for one second feel rushed or like the wait staff was trying to get us out of there in a hurry.  We sat outside (quieter if you're looking to have a good conversation).  All in all it's a good place.  Gastro-pub that didn't feel pretentious.This was the best meal I've had in Chicago in a LONG time.  It's taken me a while to make my way over to Longman & Eagle, but I'm glad that I finally did.  I am basing my 5 stars on the food and beverage selection alone.When we arrived, my boyfriend and I were in a celebratory mood and wanted to have some tasty food, good drinks, and just have a fun time.  After drooling over the menu for a few minutes, the waitress came over and we started off with a drink order.  We ordered a $15 sour beer (the name escapes me) expecting a 750ml bottle to share.  Turned out to be a normal sized beer so we sent it back because come on, who spends $15 on a regular ol' beer?  I think she was annoyed with us from then on, but that didn't stop our experience from being great. We started with the buffalo frog legs which were the let down of the meal.  They tasted just like buffalo wings paired with some sort of airated blue cheese.  They were fine, but I regret not getting the meatballs and polenta to start.Since everything on the menu sounded amazing, we decided to order and share 3 small plates for our meal.  Great decision.  We got to try lots of great food - great quality, expertly prepared, delightful dishes.They had one dish come at a time which was just perfect.  We got the Seared Maine Scallops first and they melted in my mouth.  I wish there were more!  But minutes after we cleaned that plate came the Quail and Dumplings.  Delightful.  The best dish came last - which was a recommendation from the waitress.  I never thought I'd say that I loved me some pig head, but holy smokes this dish stole the show.  If you go, you MUST try the tete du Cochon.  You will not regret it.  Wow, it melted in my mouth, the 5 spice mustard sauce was so good that I want to sneak in at night and steal the recipe.  Wow, just wow.We had a little room left so got some dessert.  Another suggestion of the waitress, the banana bread pudding (not sure if that is the exact name) but this dessert was the perfect end to a perfect meal.  I told the table next to us that they had to order it.I dig this place.  The dining room is the perfect size, the staff is friendly enough, you can see the barage of chefs working in the open kitchen, they carry a good drink menu (with much more than just whiskey), and amazing food.  If you want a really good meal, check this place out.  You will leave happy.Had dinner here a few nights ago with my wife and an old friend. We scored a very cozy patio table away from the bustle of the interior. We started with some well priced craft beers and took to ordering a pile of food for the evening. Duck rilette, grilled pork cheek, foie gras torchon, wild boar sloppy Joe (beef fat fries!!!), apple salad ad crispy pork belly. All the dishes were well prepared and properly seasoned. The rilette was creamy and classic, pork cheeks tender and flavorful. I only wish the torchon had a textural element to contrast the smoothness of the foie. The sloppy joe was delicious, but by the time I got it the bottom bun was soaked through and it was a fork and knife affair.  Toasting that bun could help, but then again, it IS called a sloppy joe and not a tidy joe. The bourbon list is extensive and offers two sizes of pours so you can try multiple bourbons and not break the bank. Ancient ancient age at $6 for 2 ounces is always a welcome sight!!Out server was attentive and knowledgable, I just wish we were given a better description of the more complex dishes when they were delivered. I'll go back for sure!We went to L&E for NYE brunch today.  The food was very good and the quality of the ingredients used was outstanding.  But where food is their forte, the customer experience piece seems to be lacking presently.  We arrived about 20 minutes after they opened and were seated promptly by the hostess, yet from drinks to food orders things just seemed to be amiss.  Items were frequently forgotten even after multiple requests, special dietary requests seemed a bit daunting (nothing annoying or super-specific, but I'm pregnant so I just asked for no soft yolks on my eggs), and our food arrived to the table a bit cooler than desired.  I will say, however, that what our waiter lacked in efficient customer service strategies he made up for with a pleasant personality and an amiable smile. Overall everyone in our party greatly enjoyed their menu selections, and I will certainly return again in hopes that I simply experienced an off day on the service side.*On a side note, the soap they provide in the restroom is simple heavenly!Sure it was an hour wait on a Tuesday night......but the food was yum, yum, yum.  My wife is a vegetarian so she was a little concerned after looking at the menu online, but when we arrived they had a separate vegetarian menu for her.....which was fantastic.  They even cooked the Welsh rarebit vegetarian, especially for her, which we thought was very nice.I started with the small plate scallops with oxtail.  Fantastic.  Then I had the venison leg......perfect.  The service was REALLY friendly from the moment we walked in and I thought the waitstaff was great.  If you're okay waiting around a crowded bar for a table, this place will live up to the hype.  At least it did for me.Finally........great beers on tap!Went really early on a Friday night and sat at the bar which is our favorite spot when there are only two of us.  Even thought it was busy, had great service from the "mixologist" which is really what he is.  His recommendations were spot on especially his drink suggestions, which you were expect.    Don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu, however, the donuts for dessert were to die for.  We rely on Yelp reviews all the time, but have never submitted one - until now.Wowzers!  Longman & Eagle is delish!We went on Valentine's Day arriving around 6pm to an already pretty crowded restaurant.  We put in our name, were told we were the next 2 they would seat and grabbed a drink.  The cocktail list was really interesting (and the drink of the week, "Love is a Lie", was a delicious play on the classic Champagne Cocktail).  Excellent beers on tap.  Lots of whiskey.  As we were enjoying our drinks we noticed a few other parties of 2 were being seated.  We checked in with the host about where we were on the list now he noticed that someone else had come in and given the same name, and they had been given our table.  The staff was nice enough to accommodate us and seat us at a table for four even though were were just two.Our waiter, Cortland, was very knowledgeable about the menu.  He explained portions sizes to us and then gave us a few minutes to make our decisions.  We went with two small plates and 2 entrées.Small Plates:Ricotta Gnuddi: Light, delicious little balls of cheesy goodness.Chatrelle Agniotti with huckleberries and veal heart: because nothing says I love you like veal heart.  This was really delicious.  I was reluctant at first, but this was a really well balanced, earthy dish.  Try it.  Dinner:Slagel Family Farms Burger with cheese and bacon:  The burger was HUGE! It tasted really smoky, as if it had been cooked over a wood-fire.  Other posts have said the cheese was skimpy, but that was not the case at all.  There was a thick slice of cheese and two big strips of bacon.  And the Beef Fat Fries-AMAZING!  They were plentiful, crispy, salty, and delicious.  Pork Chop with Head-on Prawns, Bacon Braised Collard Greens, Hush Puppies, in a Black Pepper Shrimp Sauce.  This was a really southern inspired dish.  It was all really well balanced and flavorful.  The portion was quite large.  Sadly, we didn't have any room left for dessert.  The portions were really big and we were just too full.  Every dessert we saw go by looked delicious.We are already planning our next visit, so we can tackle more of the menus, both food and drink.I never really write reviews, just never been something I'm into, this place is an exception.It was Saturday night, three people in our little party, and when we walked in the place was pretty packed. The hostess told us it was going to be about a 2 1/2 hour wait for a table but we could grab some drinks and wait at the bar (sitting at the bar is way more fun anyways). Even on a busy Saturday night everything was exceptional. The bar, I believe our bartenders name was Dino, was on top of all of our requests, he even introduced me to this awesome Jefferson 18yr Bourbon when my other choice wasn't on hand. Their alcohol is varied and diverse but manly cater to whiskeys and beer (lots of craft breweries on hand).Food was amazing too. We ended up with the burger and the half chicken, both perfectly prepared and oh so flavorful. I was really surprised that our food got out as fast as it did, heck I was surprised at how small the kitchen was, but those guys are ninjas with knives, no joke. The prices are nice too, not to expensive. Overall the wait was worth it. Everyone was really professional, top notch and just all around fun. I will make sure to go back as many times as I am in the city.Absolutely loved this place!  **Warning - do not go here if you're aren't patient.  We waited about an hour and a half for a table of two, but the 4 top behind were told it was 3 hours!  They do not take reservations. ** But it was OH SO worth the wait!  Immediately after we put our name down, the bartender made eye contact and handed us drink menus.  They have a great drink and beer list.  We lucked out on a seat at the bar, and the service there was great.  We had the scallop appetizer.  Delicious!  The bartenders are friendly, knowledgeable, and don't come across as "too cool for school," which you'll get a lot of in this neighborhood!  For dinner we split the short ribs entree and the pork belly entree.  The short ribs were the only thing that fell short, lacking seasoning, everything else on the plate was delicious.  The pork belly is something I'll go back for!!   And for desert we had something that involved fried dough and goat cheese ice cream.  To die for!!  This place is one of the best places I've ever eaten...and I thought Girl & Goat was good...this takes the cake.  I will be back!I went several times to this place. It's a great ! The food is very delicate. Just to let you know, they receive a one star reward by the "Guide Michelin". But it very casual. The food is great and creative. They have a great wine and beer list. If you don't want to wait a long time, I recommend to go during the week days for the lunch. The Potted Duck Rillettes is gorgeous.Just great food and drinks. Had a ham-steak on cheese grits for brunch. Just blew my mind. Also a big fan of using local ingredients from nearby farms. The whole atmosphere is fantastic. Some might think it is a bit dark, but the intimate nature is still maintained even thought the place always has a wait. If I had the patience to wait everyday, I'd go there every day.This place gets way too much hype. Worth trying, but I could do without the pretentious attitude here. Ate brunch here with two other ppl. Waited for 45min for a table while there was literally 9 tables sitting open...while all these guests are standing there waiting, staring at empty tables!Gourmet bar food with an insanity selection of whiskey.  Longman and Eagle will smash thousands of calories and awesome into your gut.  Every item on the menu is unique with ingredients including Kobe meatballs, duck eggs, foie gras, etc.  Basically all sorts of awesome.It's also a great place to take a date somewhere she's never been, while simultaneously testing to see if she has a personality.  Win, Win.Sure it was an 1.5 to 2 hour wait for a table, but it wait was worth it! The daily crudo special is a must.... as is the pork. But there were also some fun suprises on this evening...like duck testicles! For adventerous and patient eaters....this is the place. I only wish it was closer to my neighborhood.Um totally delicious, all the times. This place can get a little busy and sometimes the wait is long, but I don't think it's been over hyped like some other restaurants. Everything here is A++, every dish I've had, or I've tasted as been in short, amazing. The patio sitting outside is really nice, and the new little bar in the back also outside is a great too since the wait can be a little while. I've been 3 times and had a range of stuff off the menu, which I'm pretty sure changes from time to time. And the drink menu is also a delight, don't hesitate to ask the waiters and bartenders what to get, they know what's delicious. Definitely a impressive place to take someone.It is so good I could almost cry. I have had the brunch....tried many of the dishes but the Peeky Toe Crab Benedict stole the show. The Bloody Marys, killer good.Dinner, everything has been amazing. Try the Old Fashioned cocktail.The wait is usually an hour, and the service is solid and knowledgable.Two friends and I came here on a Thursday night at about 8PM and the place was packed.  We waited about 45 minutes for a table, but it was well worth it.  Be ready to order all your food at once - appetizers, small plates, and entrees.  We unanimously agreed the scallops ($15) was out favorite thing we tried.  The meatballs ($6) were great too.  My friend who likes seafood got the escolar ($23) which he enjoyed.  I got the cavatelli ($19), but I would not re-order this again; there are much better things on the menu.For drinks we got the old beaver ($8) which was great!  I would definietly get this again!I can't think of a better restaurant in Chicago.  I used to live in Logan Square, just a few blocks from this place.  Now I make the trip all the way from Pilsen.  For good reason.  This place is hipster and serves gourmet food, but manages not to be pretentious.  And the menu is full of fresh, creative dishes.  At some places, you pay for a lavish ambience and extravagant dinnerware, exceedingly formal service, etc.  Here, the costs aren't artificially inflated.  You sit down in a smart, spare almost industrial space with exposed duct work and pay for nothing more than flat-out amazing food.  Also, they have a superb drink menu.  I would go there just to drink.  (Man...I SHOULD go here just to drink.)  And the drink prices are pretty consistent with what you'd find at a run of the mill neighborhood bar on the north side.If you haven't been, you need to go.As quick background, since I can remember, I've never been a fan of breakfast food. I would happily eat spaghetti and meatballs with coffee in the am over an omelette and links. While I have eaten some good breakfasts in Chicago, after spending a morning at Longman & Eagle, I'm going to start setting brunch dates, rather than just being invited. Some thoughts: - The host a was a pretty chill guy. Yeah, he wore skinny jeans, but despite this, he was competent and friendly. - Chicken and waffle definitely lived up to the reputation.Well seasoned, light batter that was properly fried so it actually stayed on the chicken, and not over fried so the chicken is absolutely succulent. -free little samples of blue berry scones or muffins. Nice touch, and they were tasty.-Strong coffee, great floral green tea. Only negative is that the coffee didn't stay filled. My mom had to ask for two refills.-Attentive, non-obtrusive wait staff. Greeted the table promptly, made recommendations without being pushy and was familiar with the menu. Some kid threw a plate of food when I was there, and I would have never known expect ma saw it. Everything was cleaned quickly with no fuss or disturbance.I'll come back for the whiskey menu and a non brunch meal for sure. This place definitely lived up to its reputation, and though a bit far west, was as easy trip off the diversey bus. You can also take the blue like or Milwaukee.I can't seem to not order the chicken and waffles- they are absolutely amazing.  The chicken is tender and juicy- skin, fried to perfection. The hash they include as a side used to be my favorite part of the dish.  Unfortunately, it's just not as tasty as it used to be?!  The service is also something to rave about.  Brendon is always a riot, especially when serving up whiskey!  My only regret...haven't had the chance to try the dinner menu out.  Soon, I promise.I've dined here twice in a year and both times have been incredible. I'm out in the burbs so I haven't eaten at L and E as much as I would like, which might be good because when we do we order a bit of everything. Our last visit was 6 weeks ago and the foie blew my mind. The bone marrow is also fantastic. Don't forget to sample their old school drinks and spirits.Decent wait time on a Saturday brunch time, waited about 40 minutes for our table but I noticed they were quite slow turning around empty tables. The hostess had told my friend we were third in line when she went to check in with them, and I saw clearly three empty tables (sets of 2 people each) and then 3 minutes later the hostess comes over and seats us next at one of those empty tables. Throughout our wait time I saw empty tables idling for 5-10 minutes before parties were seated down but besides that the food and coffee were great. My friend tried the waffles and I had the roasted cauliflowers dish. The cauliflowers dish reminded me of indian food, good mix of flavors but had I known that I would have gone with something else on the menu, definitely will come back to try out their other dishes!Oh their dark matters coffee- Very good!if you do not like this place you do not like restaurants..it's crowded that does suck but that is not a reason to complain.. one of the best restaurants in the city great place to explore food, and drinks..it's classy in a honest fun way..it's crowded so plan on an hour waitLongman & Eagle meets all of my culinary needs: beer, bourbon, small plates, large plates, and very good service. I recommend the Wild Boar Sloppy Joe, which is served on Brioche bread with sage, onion, a pickled jalapeno, and beef fat fries. If you don't want to wait for hours to get a table, show up early on a week night. This place really does everything right, and given the high quality of their food, the prices are reasonable.Longman & Eagle had been on my list for so long that I totally forgot about it. Luckily, I ended up there yesterday on a total whim. I was hanging out with a pal who lives down the street from here, and when we ran into his neighbors, we all decided to head on over for some dinner and drinks. I'm so glad we did.Between the 4 of us, I think we ordered just about half of the menu. Lucky for you, you get to listen to me gush about all of it. Pretzel and welsh rarebit - it's piping hot and you dip it in beer cheese. It's amazing, duh. Roasted bone marrow with bacon shallot jam, served with sourdough toast points and sea salt. It made the same friend that said  "I'm not eating that, bleh" a believer in the power of meat butter. Perfectly sweet and salty, crunchy and creamy. Damn. Maine lobster parfait is stupid good. Large chunks of buttery lobster, layered over a parsnip puree with bacon and a red wine sauce. Double damn. As an aside, I think that putting lobster AND bacon in the same dish is pretty much cheating, amiright? We also shared the sepia (squid, in case you didn't know. I didn't). It was served with an oxtail ragout and romesco sauce. Such a well balanced dish. The chef sent us a complimentary amouse of lightly battered white fish served w a garlic aoli. A delicious little bite. As for the entrees, two of us ordered the pork belly with pumpkin risotto and chestnuts. This dish was so incredibly rich. It's pork and pumpkin, ferchrissakes, you can't go wrong. I also tried the duck 3 ways (meatball, rillette, and meatloaf topped w a quail egg, OMG!) and the roasted cauliflower with lentils. I can see why the vegetarians nerd out on this joint - it was awesome. Finally, dessert. Not than any of us had room for it, but how could we say no to dark chocolate ganache, salted carmel custard and almond cake topped w warm salted carmel. Oh and almond brittle. I blew my diet all the way to hell, yesterday.For the whiskey/ bourbon drinkers - the list is extensive and impressive. I passed on cocktails yesterday, and opted for beer. The gentlemen enjoyed their manhattans and the other young lady  chose a lovely blush for dinner. If you can't find a drink here that you like, then you can't find one anywhere. We got there at about 6pm on a Sunday and the place was jammin. We only waited about 15 mins for a 4 top. The decor is dark and manly feeling. I dig it. Our service was perfect - that perfect balance between attentive but not overly so.  As I mentioned, this whole trip happened on a whim. I initially planned on spending the day on the couch with my fella, but a drink with friends can turn into an afternoon and evening gone in the blink of an eye. That said, I needed to bring home a great dinner so that I could save face and once again become the great girlfriend that I am. Nothing says "I LOVE YOU" or "I'M SORRY I SPENT ALL DAY EATING AND DRINKING w/o YOU" like short ribs served with a foie gras and marrow dumpling, mushrooms, and salsify. I have to admit, I felt like a total dick ordering takeout from L&E, but desperate times call for desperate measures. He ate, and we fell asleep on the couch watching Netflix. True romance.I so in love with this restaurant!  I've been to the restaurant for both dinner and even just for drinks several times and every time is great.  The waitstaff is the most friendly staff I've ever encountered.  When I was there for dinner one time, I ordered the blue crab ravioli and was disappointed in the portion size for how expensive it was.  It honestly my fault, I should have asked how many came with it.  The waitress could tell I was disappointed and took it off our bill without asking!  I also find their cocktails to be amazing and reasonably priced.There are a lot of reviews, but I had to lunch here after hearing so much about it.  I fell in love with wild boar while in Italy.  And I love refined versions of classic sandwiches, so I had no choice.  The WB sloppy joe was phenomenal and just bursted with flavor everywhere.  The beer fat fries were perfectly crisp on the outside and soft on the inside.  And they didn't just taste like grease.  Also I must note that the food came out quickly and the bartenders were very friendly and fun.  I had to have a Three Floyd's Zombie Dust because I can't get it where I live.  Overall, great food at a great price with a super drink list.  One of the best gastropubs that I've visited.My wife and I used to live in Logan Square and when we heard that a gastropub was opening nearby, we were excited to try it.  Since then we have eaten there about 20 times and loved it every time.  We take our family and friends there when they are in town and have recommended it to all of the people we know in Chicago.  Now that we have moved farther to the north side, we are not able to get there as often, but still make a point to go whenever we have something minor or major to celebrate.The Logan Square Blue Line stop is very close but parking in that neighborhood can be tough to find so be warned: take the train if you can't walk, especially in the evenings.  At worst, if you can't take the train, you may have to park about a 10 min walk away which isn't all that bad.  The ambiance at L&E is dark and semi-loud.  It is a bar that serves excellent food though, so I am not sure what else people are expecting.  The wait staff has never been anything but friendly and super knowledgeable so I highly recommend asking for at least one suggestion.  We have tried a lot of excellent dishes at L&E which I cannot remember all of, but our two favorites are probably the scallops (any dish with the scallops really) and the fried chicken and waffles.  The scallops are only seasonally available unfortunately (or perhaps fortunately for freshness concerns) but the fried chicken and waffles is regularly on the brunch menu.  I have said it before and will say it again: I would consider pushing a bus full of adorable school children off of a cliff for this brunch...  After having it for the first time, I went to the kitchen and informed the cooks that it was everything I had ever wanted or been waiting for in a breakfast for my entire life.  Fortunately for all the buses of school children out there near cliffs... it is available for regular US dollars.  Phew!  We really haven't ever had anything bad there though so try whatever and I am sure it will be great.A minor downside: It is not a great place to bring vegetarian or vegan friends.  While they DO have a veggie menu, it is not nearly as extensive as their regular menu.  But come on people... animals are delicious.  Get with it.Something people think is a downside but really isn't: They don't take reservations.  This is good.  If they did, you would not be able to eat there.  Honestly, try to make a reservation at another restaurant with comparable food and you will be looking at a several month long wait.  Two hours is nothing compared to that and the wait is almost never that long.  While you are waiting for your food, walk around Logan Square and check out some of the boutiques or grab a drink at one of the local bars.  Or better yet, sit down and enjoy one of the most extensive and well thought out beer, liquor and wine lists I have ever encountered.  Ask the L&E bartender for a recommendation on one of their seasonal mixed drinks or a good beer and prepare to enjoy yourself.  Crack some jokes with the GM Will, or strike up a conversation with one of the other interesting people who is waiting for a table.  None of the above options have ever gone wrong for us so far.  Or, last but not least, just go get dinner early.  :)This place is awesome.  Get there.Only been here for brunch, but it was great!  The wait was not bad at all and the PBR breakfast was so great.  Highly recommend the sausage. I'll be back for sure!Went there about a month ago and didn't have to wait long for a table on a Thursday night. I wanted to love this place, but alas, it was a shoulder shrug for me. In general, the food is just okay, and the portions can be quite small. We ordered a few dishes, an octopus dish that just didn't pop with flavor.  The Tete de Chochon is just a beet salad with a funny name and nothing special. And the popular wild boar sloppy joe was fine, but eh, it was your basic sloppy joe. The beef fat fries were a little limp.  Service was fine and the atmosphere there is hip and casual and the prices are on the high end. I'd have to be convinced to go back.Best. Meal. Of. My. Life. Amazing and fun service.Tyler and Nat, in particular, really took our entire dining experience to such a wonderful level.We'd been wanting to try this place for weeks, but it's always completely packed after 7:00 on weekends. We were finally able to get in without waiting at 5:30 on a Friday, and were blown away. The food was simple; I ordered the skirt steak with corn, but the flavors were fresh, unique, and delicious. The cocktails were fantastic too.  I'm not ordinarily a huge whiskey fan, but was impressed by  the Longman Manhattan.The last time I walked out of a restaurant raving about the food was a few months ago at Bonsoiree, but I can't spend hundreds of dollars every time I go out. Longman and Eagle's food rivals that of high-end restaurants, but is laid-back and affordable enough to visit often.L&E is a great addition to the Logan Square area.It seems that the One Star they got from Michelin did not change how cool they are. Still a reasonable price for the best squash soup and the best burger in town!I will have to try one of their hotel room one day!After months of friends raving about Longman & Eagle and telling me I has to go, I finally went.  The food was very good, a lot of it cooked to perfection.   Really appreciated that the vegetarian entree option didn't include portobello mushrooms (a pet peeve).I was super turned off by the service, though.  Our waiter was condescending and a total upseller.  He told us we needed to each order 2-3 small plates and an entree each (there were 7 of us).  He also told us we needed to order everything at once because the kitchen needed to pace the food.  Funny, we waited more than 15 minutes between our small plates and our entrees.Decor and ambiance was great, I would've given it another star of two if it hadn't been for our server.I give L&E 4 stars only because the service is inconsistent - sometimes it's friendly and attentive, other times, I feel like the hipster staff doesn't give a shit. But as far as food and drink are concerned, 5 stars all the way. Each time I've gone, I've tried something different. I really like that the menu changes frequently. There isn't a dish that I didn't enjoy. The first time, my husband and I went with another couple and we just ordered a ton of stuff to share. The second time, we took more of a traditional appetizer/main course approach. The stand-outs were: Pretzel with Welsh Rarebit - imagine a savory donut with fantastic boozy, cheesy, mustardy sauce. So good. The seared scallops with braised oxtail - wonderful combination of textures and flavors. Lobster Parfait - looks like a dessert, but is a heavenly combination of seafood and vegetables. Candied Pork shank - this was a seasonal item, served with greens and maybe some grits - absolutely phenomenal. My husband has been having candied pork dreams ever since. Warm Gruyere Donuts - sweet Moses these are amazing. I could just eat these for a meal. Like, every day. (cheese + donuts = heaven)The cocktail and beer list are fantastic as well. Perhaps what I love most about L&E is that you can tailor the experience to your budget/taste each time. It's perfect for a sharing feast, but you can easily be satisfied with a starter and entree. I think it deserves that Michelin star!Given all of the raving reviews, I went in here with high hopes for some really great food and drink.  The reality of my experience was that the food was good, but not really deserving of the hype surrounding the place.Duck Pate, Giardiniere, Sourdough Tartines - This was probably my favorite dish.  The pate was delicious and I would definitely order this again, it seemed to have more substance than the pate's I have at wine bars.Roasted Marrow Bones - My first time here, how could I not order this?  This is pretty intimidating stuff if you've never had it, but after the initial shock of the texture of it wears off, it's actually pretty good.  Slightly sweet and glistening with artery clogging goodness.Seared Maine Scallops, Braised Oxtail, Black Truffle Gnocchi - The scallops were scallops.  Not sure what I was expecting as every scallop seems to taste the same to me.  The oxtail tasted basically like a family-style slow-cooked beef.  The Gnocchi was actually very flavorful and rich, and what I considered to be the best part of this small plate.  In hindsight I probably shouldn't have ordered such a safe dish on my first time here.The drinks were all solid as well.  I had a very well made old fashioned.Overall, it's a very unique restaurant with a pretty cool atmosphere and a menu that is worth exploring.  I would return, but the duck pate is probably the only thing I would order a second time.Prices are more than reasonable.  A common complaint is because of the Michelin star food expectations are higher.  They have a wide assortment of gastropub american faire.  Their desserts cannot be topped.  Their cocktails are stellar. Wine and beer not bad.  Though I feel wine does often take the hit at a place like this.  What does one expect though?As always, incredible service and even better food & drink!  Now, I'm a fan of dining at the bar: better service, better chatter, more attention.  The service at Longman & Eagle is always superb.  The bartender on this particular day recommended the Bloody Larry (Lawrence) since I had been mentioning how I dig me some whiskey - this was a corn-whiskey bloody (Larry) and really hit the spot.  The compliment to my bloody larry?  Oh, just a ridiculously delicious Chicken & Waffles with crazy-licious potatoes.  They use a sous vide to slow-cook that bad boy and keep it juicy while maintaining the incredibly crisp taste.I highly recommend checking this place out.  Supremely good.This place is over-hyped.  With over 600 raving Yelp reviews and over 2 hours wait on a Friday evening, I just didn't think it was worth it.  Meatballs over polenta - these were very tastyScallops with oxtail and gnocchi - probably my favorite dish; the scallops were cooked to perfectionBuffalo frog legs - meh, basically skinny chicken wings with a fluffy bleu cheese dipping sauceVenison- not particularly my kind of thing, but others at the table liked it; the sauce was tastyPasta dish with butternut squash and smoked cauliflower - way way too salty and smokey; not very goodDessert- nothing sounded good, so we didn't order anythingThere are a lot of similar places in Chicago that I believe have better food at equal or lower prices with less waiting.  The service was friendly, but it is so crowded in there that we kept getting bumped into by people standing at the bar and getting our jackets knocked off the backs of our chairs and onto the floor by servers walking by.  The food was good enough, but I doubt I'll be back.I am very impressed with Longman & Eagle.  From the outside it looks like nothing special, just a gray box, but the inside was cozy and warm.  The use of wood, pops of color from yellow napkins and blue-gray walls, and dim, candlelit lighting enhanced the coziness.   Service was friendly and made better by the fact that each waiter only waited on 2-3 tables at a time.  Now for the food -- the important part.  Really interesting menu.  As another reviewer mentioned, the menu you get may not be the same as the online menu, which ended up being perfectly fine with me.  The menu today was more winter-esc.  The salad we had consisted of pear, frisee, haricots verts, and some kind of bleu cheese with a red wine reduction.  The salad was very nice, and the flavors melded well.  I'm not a big bleu cheese lover but I'll admit this one was not too bad.The small plate we tried consisted of a porcini ravioli with veal heart and some type of berry (maybe lingonberry?).  This small plate was amazing!   If you go there, and they have it, make sure you order it!  The flavors were bold and savory.  Don't be scared of the heart!  For our entree, we shared a monkfish that had an apple-celery root puree, barley, and a red wine sauce.  The flavor to this was really good too, and the combination of textures made it even better.  For dessert, we tried some crispy chocolate thing, I don't remember what they called it, but it was served with a carmel pudding and an amazing malt flavored gelato.  The chocolate thing consisted of a layer of rich ganache over a chocolate cookie type layer.  The dessert was extremely rich, but if you're a chocolate lover like I am, you'll love it.Overall, you could tell a lot of thought was put into forming these dishes.  The dishes were presented beautifully, and their unique flavors and textures melded amazingly with one another.  Would definitely try again!I would recommend going somewhat early.  I think we arrived around 5:45 and were seated immediately.  A wait line started forming around 6:30 or so.  Don't let the prospect of waiting deter you, the meal with be worth it!Came here with a buddy on a Thursday evening.  It was around 9 pm, so it was a little busy, as expected.  We had about an hour wait for a table, which was a bit less than expected.  We settled up to the bar and started with some bourbon.  The bartenders were nice and enjoyable.  Everyone around the bar was having a good time; it was a fun atmosphere, but we were still able to have a conversation without yelling.We got a great table and our server was nice and informative.  We started with the house olives and the shaved pear salad (servers recommendation).  They were both pretty good.  The server also recommended a beer with each dish, which we were happy to partake in.We followed the olives and salad with the scallops and sweetbread.  These were decent, but would likely try other things next time.Stopped in for breakfast on Memorial Day before rolling out of town and I will definitely be back.  I ordered the simple two-egg breakfast (though I substituted a can of Half Acre for PBR) and was impressed with the quality and taste of the sausage and potatoes, not to mention the refreshingly cheap price.I will be back.This is my second visit to Longman and Eagle in over a year and it lived up to my expectations. The menu was inventive and well-executed. Standouts for me were a side of buffalo sweetbreads and an extremely satisfying order of sweet corn churros for dessert.Dinner included a cocktail at the bar and a beer with my meal. Here too, they didn't disappoint. I was delighted to find Monk's Cafe Sour Ale - one of my favorite beers - on the menu.My one qualm is a slightly over-attentive staff. One of my dinner companions had his glass snatched away with a last half sip of Manhattan left. Normally we wouldn't notice, but the Manhattan tasty enough to cry over.Maybe next year I'll come back for the burger.MY FAVORITE BRUNCH PLACE Went there for sunday brunch and didn't disappoint. Although there is a long wait and the place is a bit loud but the food makes up for it. Beef fat fried potato is out of this world. Chef Wentworth makes some amzing dishes and can't wait to go back for dinner!Check out my full review HERE: thebuckwheater.com/longm…Space: gastro pub goes upscaleValue: a modest price for an exquisite mealService: greatCocktails: lovelyFood: contemporary twists on classicsMust Try's: Backwoods Revival, Breakfast PotatoesWe were there yesterday for lunch, wife, her sister and I. wonderful pork belly BLT (no tomato....but what the hell!) it was gorgeous. Tonight, food excellent waiter probably new...needs to back off a litte. I 'have' been before...and I 'can' read the menu :)and one last little thing....shortbread should be shortbread and not salty biscuit (a la Americana)....but my wife loved it.note: 5/5 and comments because I WILL be back and i'd like to nudge you in the right (MY) direction.Sweet!Yep.Another best of the best for Logan Square!  Worth having to wait...which you will.  With drinks this good, and bartenders this hipstercute, who cares!Give me a break.  I'm reading all of these things about this place having a "Michelin star."  Maybe you have to be a foodie to know what that is, or just a really easily influenced individual to take that kind of rating into consideration when it comes to selecting a place for dinner, but considering my experience last Friday night, a Michelin star must mean "Stay away from here if you want a yummy dinner."We expected a wait, and were told it would be an hour.  We sat at the bar for an hour and a half, and this is where the good beer list comes in handy.  After a long wait, two drinks, and 90 minutes of an obnoxiously loud business school student drunkenly knocking me off my bar stool and apologizing at regular intervals, we were called over to our table, where we both ordered the burgers.  The key here is that we both very clearly ordered them cooked "medium."What we got was two gigantic bloody gobs of ground beef on buns that were absolutely soaked through with red on the bottom.  But we didn't notice this until we cut into them.  The first thing we noticed was the complete lack of cheese on both burgers.  There were like 2 cheese shreds on each burger, which the chef had tried to cover with fatty, undercooked bacon that looked like it had been tied in a knot.  I'm not sure how to describe how insanely lacking the cheese was.  It was like if cheese clipped its toenails, this is what would be left over.  It was like if you asked for no cheese and a little bit accidentally got dripped onto your burger and was wiped off with a paper towel.  It was like if a piece of cheese coughed onto your burger.  I'm talking silly amounts of cheese.  It was like anti-cheese.So we apologized to the waiter for bothering him, and he was really nice about it.  He looked at our burgers and said, "Yeah, that does look really skimpy on the cheese..." and returned with a single slice for us to share.  This was confusing since I'm sure that I've ordered this in the past and each burger has gotten its own slice of cheese.  But whatever.  Then we cut into our burgers and it was like mini car accidents had taken place on our plates.  I've had a rare burger before, okay?  And I've had a medium burger before.  But I don't think that I should see a cooked edge stuffed with raw meat that can be scooped out with a fork.  And I don't think the bottom bun should be bright red and disgustingly soggy and wet.  So, we called our waiter back again.  He was very understanding, again.  And though we had only been at our table for half an hour and hadn't taken so much as a single bite of food, when he took our burgers off the table, the over-attentive bus staff completely cleared our table of napkins and utensils, as if we were finished.A second waiter took us over, as I suppose we were the problem table of the evening.  Our burgers were returned, with a free bowl of fries for us to share in the middle of the table.  The burgers were cooked properly, cheesed properly, presented properly...they just tasted like nothing.  Dry, bread-y, and unseasoned.  We shared a napkin I'd been lucky enough to have hidden in my lap when the bus staff swooped in, while watching the tables on each side of us receive cute little samples from the kitchen and refills of water.  That restaurant was finished with us, obviously.  You could tell the waiters felt bad but--seriously?  Raw burgers after 2 hours in the place, and you bring us a bowl of fries to complement the fries that come with the meal?It's really a shame that this place has gotten so highly rated.  When it was new, I enjoyed it, even with the wait.  It wasn't packed with loud, drunk douchebags who are only there because of an Esquire article, so waiting was tolerable.  The kitchen was still trying to become highly rated, so the kitchen was still trying.  Now that they're lauded as The Place To Go in Logan Square, they're sticking to whatever gets people in and out the quickest.  That's because as soon as the droves of people who believe everything they read start to darken the doorway, the place could serve sliced canned dog food with a sprig of something styled "wild crimson fennel" on top and nobody will know the difference.  "Oh my God, you have GOT to try the sliced dog food with the wild crimson fennel!  It's simply to DIE for!!!"This place has great food I did a menu sampling of five items and everything was wonderful. I had the duck hash, pumpkin bisque, bacon, house potatoes and something else I don't remember just yet. They have a huge bourbon list and and interesting dining room. Can't beat $3 bourbon samples. It is right next to the blueline... big plus. Service was great!Hard to find a table on weekends, but definitely worth it. The drinks are fun, boozy, and good pricing. Big fan of the appetizers! Get the meatballs. Can be intimate in certain parts of the restaurant.Longman & Eagle came as a recommendation from a personal friend.  As hubby and I made our way in the cab from the Trump Hotel, we were a bit apprehensive as to where we were headed.  When the cab driver let us out, we entered the nondescript building - you might almost miss the place.  Once we gained entrance, the place had a distinctive charm and cool vibe.  I quickly went from being apprehensive to absolutely loving this place.They are known for their expressive and edgy food that takes chances along with the expansive whiskey menu.  I wish I loved whiskey. Smile.We decided to share everything so we could experience more of the menu.  We started with the Warm Cheese Gougeres with molting Gruyere mornay sauce.  All I can say is - AMAZING!  The outside is crispy and light then you break open the puff to expose this rich molten cheesy deliciousness.  You HAVE to try these!Next we had the meatballs, then the fava bean agnolotti and the gnuddi - all super tasty!  One of the other high lights was the cheese plate.  They chose great cheeses including a buffalo blue cheese - simply delish.  Served with bread toasts and a raisin mostarda.  Our dessert was Almond Tart, Chewy Strawberry, Mint Puree, Strawberry Pudding Skin, Rhubarb, Fig Buttermilk Sorbet - it was so wonderful.Our server could not have been nicer and gave us outstanding service.  If you are visiting the Chicago area, make this a stop.  They don't take reservations, so go on a weekday!!!Breakfast review: we came for brunch because, who knew? Longman also does a pretty reasonable weekend brunch. (Well, actually, judging by the crowds, most of Chicago does, but whatevs.) Anyway, I immediately started drinking, had a good Three Floyds before a bloody mary, which was very potent. Food wise, I liked this better than dinner, but still struggled a bit. The bacon maple donut (which we got the last of - YES! we RULE) was ridic. The salad (pear, endives, etc.) was also great. The main courses were fine: I had venison sausage, which was honestly a bit too mild, especially with the juniper berry accompanying it. The smoked salmon benedict (why do I keep getting salmon benedicts when I clearly don't love them? Well, my lady friend does (not my special lady friend, she's just my lady friend - and stay away from her!, actually she is my girlfriend). ) was REALLY strong, but good. Anyway, Longman continues to impress, but makes me think that I'm not ready for what it has to offer.My husband and I went here one night when we had the luxury of someone else paying. We did it up right with delicious and unique cocktails (they are long on whiskey choices and interesting drink combinations), and an appetizer. The only reason I'm not giving this five stars instead of four is the pure richness of the food. Everything on the menu is very creamy and overwhelming. We were so full by the time we left (though it was in a good way). It was also just ... really pricey. It was worth it, but just not one of those once-in-a-lifetime places that is amazingly delicious AND priced to be affordable. This is a place we will definitely frequent again whenever we can, especially if someone else is paying ever again. Be prepared to be ushered to the back room if you aren't "hipster" enough, which Dan and I never are :)now, it's not because i'm some bitchy new yorker now...i enjoyed my burger at longman and eagle (could have used a couple pickles). i did. the fries were ON POINT.the food is good, the place is jumping. the place is just what i like.but it's not a place i like for one reason. the bartender made a big deal that i didn't order an alcoholic beverage.you see, i had had a long couple of days. my brother had gotten married, my train ride down to chicago was a complete disaster, i had spent the past 6 days with my family. i wasn't in the mood.i shouldn't have to explain why i don't care to have a drink. there are many reasons one might not partake. i could have been pregnant (i'm not) or in recovery (also, not), sick...any multitude of reasons. but no matter what my reason, no bartender should EVER make an issue of a patron not drinking.Oh Longman & Eagle, you had me at "Whiskey". Although L&E doesn't take reservations, we called ahead to alert the staff to our large group who would be invading on a Friday night and they were more than accommodating. Now don't get me wrong, if you have to wait for a table, waiting in a bar full of whiskey, backed by a crew who knows their way around an Old Fashioned is the place to do it, but having a mere half hour wait was a welcome surprise.Our server was as knowledgeable and friendly as they come and everything we ordered was insanely delicious. That's right, everything we ordered, now I'd like to get specific here but my memory sucks and they don't have their menu online so just trust me that anything you order here will probably be even better than it sounds when you read the drool-worthy description off the menu. And dear god, order the chocolate banana bread pudding because it's perfection in chocolaty-fruity form. We left L&E full, satisfied, properly buzzed and feeling like bandits who paid far too little for such a fantastic meal. So congratulations Longman & Eagle, welcome into the rotation because you know I'll be returning on my next trip out.The food was decent, but EXTREMELY overpriced. The portions were so tiny that even after ordering 5 small dishes, a salad, and two dinner entrees for a woman not even 5' and an average gentleman, we were still ready to go out for dinner...again. We weren't the only ones because I saw other couples finishing their dates meals-probably because their date was being polite by not finishing her meager portions.The worst part of the whole night was the atrocious service by the wait staff. Three service was so bad I will never go to this restaurant ever again. The waitress said 2 sentences to us the entire evening. "Have you dinged with us before?" Reply: No. "Do you have any questions on the food items?" Reply: No. (we have never been here. Why don't you tell us something about the place!). She walks away. She does not say another word to us all night. I felt more comfortable in County Lock-up, not that I have ever been a resident there before, but I have visited. After not once being if I wanted another drink, she comes by and sets the dessert menus on the table and walks away. I loudly tell her, No dessert, just the check! I could not wait to get out if that dump. After waiting more than an hour after being told 45 minutes, the service could have at least not sucked. The crowd looked like pretentious hipsters and yuppies. Not what I was expecting from Logan Square. More caucasians giving a fellow Caucasian a bad rap. Avoid this pretentious, overpriced, trendy dump with horrible service.Hmmph...guess I didn't know as much as I thought I did about Chicago restaurants until a good friend of mine told me about the fabulous brunch he had at Longman and Eagle.  I took that as a personal affront to my vast and varied knowledge of great places to eat in the city. I swallowed my pride long enough to ask the 5 W's and hung up the phone enraged. Fuming, I vowed to myself and anyone within earshot to get there sometime in the near future.  How could I not have at least HEARD or READ about this place? Get it together KK...u slippin' boo. Finally, my opportunity came in the form of a brunch invite from the BD one Sunday afternoon. "Any suggestions?" he queried. "As a matter of fact I do...Longman and Eagle," I eagerly replied. So I scooped up the child and off we went.We arrived to a 30-minute wait inside and out, so our friendly hostess suggested we wait at the bar. We grabbed a couple of seats and basked in the gastropub ambiance, which reminded me of the bar in the movie The Crying Game. Not super fancy, kind of dark and dank, but totally sexy. What's more, I only recently found out about the whole gastropub phenomena when I attended a party at The Spotted Pig in NYC last fall, so I was really excited to see what L & E was workin' with. And what they were workin' with was a whole lotta deliciousness. At the bar, I ordered a spicy Bloody Mary which was prepared exactly the way I like it and when the bartender slid a tiny glass of beer in front of me, I thought maybe it was a liquid amuse bouche. But before I drank it, I just had to ask, "Ummm...what's this and is it mine?" He could've given me the "You hideously uncultured, uneducated diner, you" look,  but instead, he explained that it was a beer back to go with my Bloody Mary. Oh. He then went on to explain that it was from Amsterdam, Prague, Belgium or some other European city where those fancy ales that my brothers like to drink come from.  Oh.Once we were seated, The BD and I both were immediately sold on the fried chicken and waffles served with sweet potato and pork belly hash. Since they didn't have MIckey Mouse pancakes or hotdogs, baby girl went with the Yo Gabba Gabba French toast (Brioche French toast with peach compote and bacon pudding). I have to admit, I was a bit skeptical about the deliciousness of the fried chicken I was about to receive because I have been bitterly disappointed by what I've had at restaurants lately, but that yard bird over there...OMG cubed! Crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside and perfectly seasoned all over. Were those really tatted up white boys with gauged earlobe piercings back there frying that up or was there a black lady who looks like Mammy from Tom and Jerry doing the cooking? Am I wrong or racist for saying that? Some might think so, but I'm not....just speaking from my personal experiences with fried chicken. BD agreed. As for the waffles, I don't think anyone can really screw them up but these seemed other-worldly---as if they were rocketed in from Planet Waffle. When our waiter, Joey, placed baby girl's French Toast in front of her, she excitedly asked," Are those my Yo Gabba Gabba pancakes?" Joey was cool enough to go along with it and even launched into a discussion with her about different characters on the show and who was her fave (thanks Joey). As she happily ate her food, she offered me a bite and I could see why she was so joyous. That was some damned good French Toast and the bacon pudding (which I've never had or even heard of before in life) was killin 'em. I even ordered the prawns and grits to go because I couldn't NOT have them---how often do you see that on a menu? The prawns were savory and tender and the grits were thick, creamy and buttery, exactly the way they should be.Longman and Eagle is a bit pricey for brunch and service was a bit "leisurely,"  but well worth it. My overall experience there was a pleasant and unexpected surprise. I'll be back.I've been here an infinite number of times and it is still consistently amazing. I'm updating this just to say I've been day dreaming about the chicken & waffles at brunch for the past three days. Goddamn.So a ton has been said about the restaurant, but this one's for the hotel, which may be my new favorite place to stay ever, so here goes...First off, I was a little nervous about the whole overnight experience at L&E. The photos on the website looked super cute but the bathrooms looked slightly challenging for super modest couples (read: they're in the shower?) and I kept reading in reviews about the hotel part being an afterthought, the staff being disorganized, etc. Let me just say, the rooms are absolutely lovely down to the tiniest detail and the staff could not have been friendlier or more accommodating. Due to their availability for the dates we were in Chicago, we actually got to stay in two different rooms- #13 which is the cheapest room at just $75 a night and #55- which is the largest room and features a "party shower" and an adorable claw foot tub. I actually quite liked both rooms even though #13 is pretty small. You check in at the restaurant which was super easy and made us more than excited to come back down for drinks and eats later (kinda like checking into a B&B, only take out all the weird and annoying parts). Upon entering the stairway to the rooms we were welcomed by a strong odor of new wood and a giant fur skin (coyote?). #13 had everything we could want for a smallish super affordable place to stay for the night. There's an Apple TV where you can watch unlimited netflix, a mini-fridge featuring organic ginger ale, local microbrews, etc., a bottle opener attached to the wall, a shower where I counted 5(!) shampoos in total, complimentary bottled local water, and my favorite part of all, free whiskey tokens to be enjoyed at the bar downstairs! Oh yeah, and as for the toilet in the shower, admittedly kinda weird, and it does get wet when you take a shower. But is it a deal breaker? No way. And considering the fact that it allows more space for the actual room, I kinda get it.When we checked into our next room, #55, we planned to just leave our stuff with the staff, and come back later in the afternoon after check-in time (3pm) but instead when we came in to the restaurant around 12:30, we were given the keys and told we were welcome to get settled. #55 is pretty incredible. It reminded me of staying at the Ace in Portland. You basically feel like you're staying at your super cool friend's studio. The wall behind the bed features exposed brick, there's a good sized table where we ate takeout from Lula one night, there's the previously mentioned claw foot tub, plus his & hers sinks. Oh yeah, a vintage tape player, crazy amazing mix tapes for all tastes (folk jams, classic rap, rock n' roll, etc.) which are also available for purchase if you happen to fall that in love with them, a pretty eclectic variety of books to peruse, etc. Seriously, I kinda just wanted to hang out in the room instead of exploring Chicago or hanging out with our friends. It's that good. Other stuff I feel obligated to mention: + The amenities! The comp. shampoo, conditioner, hand soap, and body lotion smelled AMAZING and I believe sincerely helped with the ongoing hangovers we seemed to continually wake up with. +I fell in love with the grass scented candle in the minibar basket and decided to light it one night. I was worried I may have just purchased a $40 candle, but nope, for $12 it was totally worth it and made for a good souvenir to bring home. +We wanted champagne and checked out the liquor store next door and couldn't stomach the prices for a decent bottle so we ended up ordering a carafe of champs from room service for a fraction of the price! +The location couldn't have been any more convenient. Most of our friends live around Logan Square which used to make staying downtown a total pain. L&E is located directly across the street from the Logan Square blue line stop which meant a much shorter distance from O'Hare and only a 3 minute train trip from Wicker Park for our favorite falafels. +Hotel guests receive priority seating in the restaurant which meant we ended up eating their a total of 3 times. We never had to experience any waits and felt kinda like L&E royalty. :)FINALLY A NOTE ABOUT THE RESTAURANT/BAR:We had breakfast, lunch, dinner, several pretzels with beer cheese sauce and many, many, drinks at L&E while we were staying. Everything was so dang good it really made it hard to want to go anywhere else. Chad waited on us the most at the bar, who was super friendly, knowledgeable without being pretentious, and just well, a cool dude. I had one of the best omelettes of my life there, and the coffee is delicious. Oh yeah, we're both vegetarian and for a place known for it's creativity with meat, we were super stoked that they offered a separate veggie menu. Whew. L&E = new fave.Two visits for food and a few others for cocktails but that's a different story all together.  As a bar to have a properly mixed cocktail at, it's a good time.  Take a date or pick one up at the bar and order a few rounds and you'll have much to talk about.  The bar area is cozy but could handle a few folks sitting for drinks with a meal.Two occasions I stopped for food with groups.  Both times I left feeling unsatisfied.  Two visits and not once wowed me.  One for dinner having the ever popular boar sloppy Joe's and the other for brunch, trying their version of French toast.  Both meals wowed me in price but not in tastes.  If the boar is always served this way, I cannot see how people are loving it, it isn't my kind of sloppy Joe.  I wanted to love it and came here because of word of mouth.  The donuts (which I'd heard much about) that are mentioned on the dinner menu, I've had and were pretty interesting as well as the house made breakfast sausage, also pretty tasty.  Other then that I haven't tried to taste their fare again.  Of the two meal parties I joined, others had ordered items that were tasty and delicious, but me.. no.  The drinks were a hit but the meals a miss.  I hate saying this, I know my friend will see my review and be bummed.  She's not happy that I won't join them for dinner here.I grew up in Logan Square and was excited to bring my parents out to Longman & Eagle for a nice farm fresh dinner in their neighborhood. Having been to this place a few times with friends, I really enjoyed the delicious food on previous visits home to Chicago.  It was a fairly quiet Tuesday night but the hostess was humorless and pretentious - casting a really sour note over what would otherwise be a decadent meal. The table service and food were still really good, but I doubt I'll take anyone else to Longman & Eagle and I doubt my parents would go back. There are other great restaurants in Logan Square that welcome people warmly without the snotty hipster shade.I can't even give this place 2 stars, and here's why:Our experience at Longman & Eagle was absolutely criminal for a place charging the prices that L&E charges.Burger/Fries - simple enough, low-class fare, right?  They couldn't season either of them properly - the burger was way over-peppered (to the point of physical cringing), and the fries were so overly salted they were hardly edible.Appetizers - the scallops, while delicious, were absolutely criminal.  $12 netted a grand total of two small (as in, barely bigger than a quarter) scallops.  No scallops are that good. None.Now, the place has potential, and I wanted to love it - but if you're going to charge high-brow prices and try and attract a high-brow crowd, you've got to be able to season something as simple as a freakin' hamburger and fries without making them barely edible.I'm more than willing to pay top dollar for top notch food, but on no planet is $12 a fair price for two miniscule sized scallops.I really wanted to love Logan Square's latest tasty eatery, but to me, things like this are just unforgivable.I'm so happy Logan Square has a new, awesome restaurant/bar for all of us to frequent this summer.  We arrived one Friday evening for a nice meal and we were greeted by a small wait.  Longman & Eagle isn't huge, so expect a small wait when you know that you want to eat dinner.  We cozied up to the bar and perused their extensive list of drinks.  Of course, this is a whiskey bar.  If you love whiskey, you will absolutely love Longman & Eagle.  The list is enormous and, honestly, I have no clue what most of it is since I'm not a whiskey connoisseur.  However, those of my friends who do imbibe this drink say that the list is fantastic, so I'll trust them.  The list of wines and beers is equally as impressive, as far as I'm concerned, so I chose to drink local and get something from Two Bros. Brewery.  They have a ton of cocktails and their bartenders will gladly make recommendations, especially if you're in the mood for some whiskey.We only had to wait about 15 minutes for a table, so we were seated in a cozy little corner of the restaurant.  As a warning, the space between tables is almost non-existent, so prepare to sit very close to the other diners around you.  If this bothers you, I probably wouldn't come here for dinner.  Just saying.  We started our meal off with some Country Pâté - it was pretty good but a bit on the salty side.  I've definitely had better, but this was pretty good for something I didn't even expect to be on their menu.  I decided on the Kobe Burger for my entree and was less than impressed.  The burger was good (hey, it's Kobe beef) but I asked for it cooked 'medium' and it was almost entirely well-done.  I feel like I can be totally picky about that considering it's a good meat and it shouldn't really be overdone.  The burger was still good (especially with all the fixins and the fries on the side) but it could have been better had it not been almost burnt by the time I got it.  We had a good dessert of banana something or other and really enjoyed it.  It was a nice end to a really nice meal.  I'm excited that LS has a new bar in the area, but beware: it gets packed pretty easily and there's an even longer wait for dinner if you come in around 8 or 8:30.  The weekends are super busy and I'm not sure if you can eat at the bar, so you may have to wait.  There's almost no free street parking in the area anymore, so you'll want to take the L (the LS Blue Line stop is across the street) or park in the Pay Box parking lot across the street.  If you're unimpressed with the wait, you can always step next door to El Cid 2 and get a table outside on their patio.came here for my birthday this year, and of course i wasn't disappointed.  same deal, we scored a seat at the bar, luckily!    the only thing i have to mention is the bone marrow.  ORDER IT.  it's awesome.  gross, but still amazing - you have to try it.  i'm going to say no more.  just do it.I live down the street from Longman and Eagle and I have taken my family there for brunch, I've recommended it to coworkers and I go there for drinks with friends on a regular basis. I was really excited when they finally opened.Three friends and I were celebrating my 31st birthday last night and we went there for last call. My friend bought 4 expensive beers and 2 minutes later the bartender started yelling at us at the top of his lungs to slam our beers and leave. He was literally YELLING at us to stop. This is unacceptable. What made matters worse, though, was that there were other patrons sitting at the bar and there were a couple of tables behind us, too, and the bartender did not say anything to them so they stayed. The guy was being such a jerk that we had no choice but to leave. I might expect this at a tacky college sports bar but not from a gastro pub with a Michelin Star. On the way out I noticed the clock at the host stand said it was only 1:55. It wasn't even 2:00 yet!I have worked at several restaurants (including high end restaurants) and know better than to treat people so poorly.  I do not recommend this place to anyone and I will never go back. Longman & Eagle should be embarrassed about allowing such a contemptible person to serve the public.  Thank god there are other bars and restaurants in Logan Square.....this place is overrated.Went to brunch yesterday, and, on the suggestion of our waiter I got the Whole Hog Crepinette (Cheese Grits, Piggy Sprouts, Natural Maple Jus).  GO THERE, GET IT NOW!!  This was totally unexpected and totally amazing.  The flavors were all perfectly balanced, and the hog was fantastic!  It was melded into a patty shape, but pulled apart like pulled pork once I started cutting into it.  The cheese, the sprouts, the sweetness of the maple jus was all perfect.  Only down side to this place, it usually has a wait, whether it be brunch or dinner.  Regardless, I'll be back!  They also have a good selection of craft beers and booze.So, I'm just about over "gastro-pub" Similar to my disdain for "small plates" of 5years ago. Every new restaurant is trying to have the new concept. And be better at it than the other guy. L&E manages to hold its own.  Started with the -House Marinated Olives.- Shaved Pear Salad, Endive, Cress, Green Beans, Stilton, and Sherry-walnut Vinaigrette.-Kobe  Meatballs, Creamy Polenta, Parsley Pesto, FondutaIf I'm tired of "gastro-pub" you can only imagine what I think of Kobe. However, L & E does not make it seem like it's 2005. Mainly with the help of the polenta. It was lovely, and the pesto burst on it.AMAZING beer list: THREE FLOYDS ROBERT THE BRUCE. In all honesty, I really just like saying it.  And the piece de resistance : Bacon. Ice. Cream. I don't think I need to say any more. Except this: Hotel rooms. They are opening hotel rooms on the 2nd level. Only 6 rooms. But still pretty cool. Will certainly be back for brunch. And may just crash upstairs. TBD......3 of us went here last night around 11:30.  i'm surprised at all of the new late nite eats in this neighborhood now.  we ate a portion of the menu so we could try many things.  we tried the special which was headcheese with a quail egg.  i have never had that before & the presentation made it approachable for the headcheese virgin.  delicious!  then we got the bone marrow-wow!  the wild boar sloppy joe, which was quite yummy, the escargot pasta, the delicious pear salad, and those killer potato chips fried in beef fat with the cod spread.  the moment of truth in a restaurant is usually dessert.  it's when you can see what the restaurant is really made of.  we had the hot chocolate cake with whip cream & it was fantastic, followed by some delicious manhattan cocktails.really great place if you are in the mood for cow cheeks & bourbon.Michael K. and I flew into Chicago on one of the coldest nights of the winter.  We came in later than expected, and when Janice K. scooped us up from ORD, we headed straight to Longman & Eagle for an 11:00 dinner.  The place was busy, and we had to wait a few minutes for a table.  We had a nice chat with the hostess, and she was really pleasant.  We talked about dogs.The space was small and dim and dense with pubby atmosphere, with decor consisting mostly of dark wood furniture and an awesome bar that commanded most of the lighting.  Dinner was very casual, which was great for me, dressed as I was for an airplane followed by burning cold weather.  Service was great throughout the night.  I liked our waiter - he was attentive and helpful.  The only hitches were some delays at the bar, for which our waiter apologized each time.The $8 cocktails were impressive.  The Harvest Sidecar was excellent, refreshing and sweet, with applejack, Cointreau, pear liqueur, fresh lemon, nutmeg, and a housemade pimento dram.  I also loved the Monk's Cooler with bourbon, lemon, rosemary syrup, orange bitters, and Monk's Cafe beer.  It was very refreshing, with a great herbal fragrance from the rosemary syrup and a giant rosemary sprig garnish.  The Longman Manhattan was a pretty good, smooth version of the classic, with bourbon, Punt é Mes, and angostura and cherry bitters.  I was indifferent to the Shrubbery, a surprisingly sweet drink with bourbon, amaretto, lemon, and Old Fashioned bitters.  I closed out dinner with the Yuzu Toddy - Marker's Mark, applejack, lemon, yuzu honey, and hot water.  It was a particularly strong drink, releasing hot alcoholic fumes from several inches away, but if you like bourbon and yuzu tea, then you should love this.The food ranged from fair to excellent, with the better dishes weighted towards the smaller plates.  We started with the warm cheese gougeres stuffed with a Dunbarton blue Mornay sauce.  These were like savory choux creams, with sweet pastry dough stuffed with the oozing blue cheese sauce.  The buffalo sweetbreads smacked us with even more flavor, the soft sweetbreads deep fried and coated in hot sauce.  I loved the texture of the sweetbreads, and they went wonderfully with the light, almost foamy aerated ranch, as well as the Thumbelina carrots and micro celery.  My favorite dish of the night was the rabbit paté with giardinière pickles and sourdough tartines.  This was despite the fact that the toasted sourdough was rock hard and inedible.  Luckily the paté spoke for itself, well spiced and meaty and just a bit gamey, bordered in a little bit of bacon.  The pickles, an assortment of julienned vegetables laced through with mustard seeds, were the perfect lightening touch, helped too by a generous helping of grainy mustard.The meal curved downhill from there, though there were still good things to come.  My least favorite dish was the pastrami spiced pig head, which made the rabbit paté seem even more of a screaming success.  The pig head was dry and chalky and flatly flavored, served with a mix of doughy sauerkraut gnocchi, dehydrated rye, shaved pear-watercress salad, and thousand island sugo that didn't add up to much.  The flavor profile smacked me as dull.  The roasted marrow bones were better, with red onion jam, sea salt, and sourdough crostinis.  I've probably had better bone marrow, but this was delightful, and I liked the sweet onion jam.  The crostini were also soft and edible, which was a plus.The bigger dishes were less successful on average, but I did really like the wild boar sloppy joe.  This was a sandwich on fluffy brioche with a lot of soft wild boar with a chili-like texture and flavor, topped with crispy sage, onion, and pickled jalapeño.  The jalapeño was seriously hot, and perhaps distracting, but the dish was great.  I also loved the crispy beef fat fries, cooked very well done with plenty of salt.  Our last two dishes, though, were not great.  The hand rolled cavatelli had its moments, namely the tender hunks of artichoke, but the pasta was too doughy.  It also came with rapini, chanterelles, truffle butter, grana padano, and a matsutake puree, but most of that did not deliver as much as I'd hoped.  The dish was also quite salty.  I wouldn't recommend the "Steak and Egg" either, a fairly boring dish of beef short rib, with pickled ramps, black trumpet mushrooms, bordelaise sauce, and a farm egg and creamed spinach raviolo.  The beef was fine, but the raviolo was dry and bland, with the egg yolk fully cooked inside.Our dessert was quite good - a maple and bourbon cornbread pudding with huckleberry compote, date-bourbon custard, and charred olive oil ice cream.  The cornbread was rich but not overwhelming, and the ice cream was superb.  I'm glad we ended on a good note, as I liked Longman & Eagle overall.  Though the food sometimes missed, I really enjoyed the meal.  I'd recommend the place to anyone in search of good food and drink under one roof.Thank you Longman & Eagle for the perfect introduction to the food city of Chicago.  Brett D. sent me an email with a list of choices for Theresa W. and my first meal to Chicago.  The whisky is what caught my eye, but the food should be the focus of any visit here.  You know you are in a place that takes food seriously when bone marrow and pork belly find themselves on the menu.  We had a good sized group and we tried almost everything that night.  Brett D. would order and we would eat.  Longman & Eagle made for an amazing night and the best surprise was the bill.  It was not the kind of surprise where the meal was comped, but for the price point, it was the best meal for the least amount of money that we had in Chicago.Went to Longman & Eagle a during the holiday season, which may have slightly added to our expected wait time of 1 1/2 hours, but the host's estimation was fairly accurate. While we waited, we grabbed some seats that opened up at the bar. The bartenders were super busy, even moreso than usual!  I sipped the RnB, (their cocktail of the week) which was very much similar to eggnog... minus the sugar and brimming with whiskey. I'm sure just ONE of these would be enough for me all night, the drinks are strong.  We ordered some appetizers at the bar as well: Slagel Family meatballs and Maine Scallops. The meatballs were well seasoned and moist, but the scallops were amazing!!   The 2 large scallops came with black truffle gnocchi... Perfectly seared, with a nice golden crust on the outside, together with the potato pillow-like gnocchi....the  combination of the two textures was one of the best things I have ever eaten!  So good, don't miss out!  The other amazing dish was the lobster parfait with mushrooms,  I don't remember what was in this warm small plate (errrr. martini glass?) but I was secretly wishing I didn't have to share it.... lolI ordered the Slagel family Farm burger, which was just ok, I found it a bit on the salty side... but this may have because of the aged cheddar cheese. (Next time I will order the scallops and lobster as my dinner... Can't wait!)  Our server was friendly, energetic, and knowledgeable.Young, middle- class white kids with upper class aspirations all milling around- enjoying flights of Bourbon, and well- presented delectable food. Great location- as all the humans that consider themselves a precious gift to the world live within a mile radius of the logan square blue line stop. The problem is that it's as crowded with shoulder to shoulder tables and stools as a Thai restaurant during lunch special. Which I don't mind, if I don't have to spend the entire time concerned that a stray beard hair will be carried through the blustery conversations of those plaid -shirted fellows that dot the place, and into my drink. Perhaps a solution to this would be having all the men wear those beard nets that they wear in restaurant kitchens?I can't say enough good things about my experience at this restaurant!Service was fantastic.  The waitress was very knowledgeable and also "down-to-earth".  Refreshing.We had two awesome appetizers and two entrees and weren't quite stuffed.  Cornbread pudding and charred olive oil ice cream for dessert?  Hell yeah.Also, bring your whiskey stomach.  They have so many great ones to try.No reservation may make getting a seat tough for larger parties.  The place was packed by 5:30 on Saturday.  Grab a cocktail and wait it out.  Its worth it.Definitely going back.Let's just say this : Don't put on the website that the restaurant never takes reservations, so we decide to go there on VALENTINE'S DAY and when we come in you say WHOOPS actually we decided to do something that goes against what we market on our website and take reservations for this day. SERIOUSLY?Awesome place that serves brunch daily (that alone is great).  Nothing on their menu is bad so be adventurous and try something new!outstanding. from the service, to the beer selection, the the food. all flawless. i will be back as soon as i possibly can!Sort of a wealthy hipster spot.  cool/interesting atmosphere, food is unbeatable.  Michelin star stuff.  Good place to splurge if you want to hang out with a young crowd and you consider yourself a foodie.With some great food and beer I can see why this place has so much hype around it. I went on a Monday night with some friends, there was a large group of us but we didn't have to wait too long. Any wait wasn't a big deal to me since I was more then happy to hang out at the bar enjoying a fine craft beer. When we finally sat down I saw on the menu that they had bone marrow... something I had never tried before so I had to order it. I was glad to see some of the friends I was with wanted to try it too so we ordered a few orders of that. It was excellent, I have nothing to compare it to so it's hard to say how good it was. I just know I'll be ordering bone marrow again if I see it on the menu. Even better then the bone marrow was the wild boar sloppy joe with crispy sage, onion, and pickled jalapeño. For $11 I'd have to say its perfect! The one thing I did try that I wasn't a fan of was the veal sweatbread. I've had sweatbreads a number of times and this one just wasn't my favorite. With an outdoor patio and a great beer list I can see this being a happening spot for me in the summer.Gastropubs have been popping up everywhere in the past few years.  But according to Michelin, Longman and Eagle is the only one in Chicago that is worthy of a Michelin star.  The amuse bouche was a spring vegetable soup.  Very nice and a good way to start the meal.  Buffalo frog legs had a great sauce and blue cheese dip.  But the frog legs were too sinewy, probably at no fault of the kitchen.  I understand it's novel and hip, but if chicken works better, why change up a classic just for the sake up changing?  English pea agnolotti was great.  I could definitely taste the freshness of the produce and the infused truffle.  Pork belly was fine.  The meat was well executed, and both the fern and the ale foam were interesting additions to the dish.  But the belly itself was too lean - tasted like pork shoulder.  I brought this up to the waitress, and she said the kitchen actually makes a point of trimming it so it's not fat.  Hmm, she either didn't know what she was talking about or the kitchen was missing the point about pork belly.  Either way the execution per se had no fault.  The chicken entree was superb.  Flavors were great, and the chicken was tender and had a nice sear.  The "mac n cheese" that accompanied the dish was actually orecchiette, which was cooked to perfection.  They are big on whiskeys, but since I was driving, I'd have to try them next time.  The dessert menu also looked good, but I was too full to order more.  Decor is what you'd expect from a bar, though they do have a back dinning room that looks more like a restaurant.  Service was adequate for a bar but rather unknowledgeable for Michelin-level cooking.  If you just look at the food, it is certainly proper 1-star Michelin cooking - great produce, great execution, and great presentation.  But to get a second star, they need to cut down the number of ingredients on the plate and think about what ingredients work the best rather than what ingredients sound unusual.  I think its neighbor, Lula Cafe, has equally good if not better food.  Why Lula doesn't have a star, I have no idea.  But suffice to say that Logan Square is quickly becoming one of my favorite food neighborhoods in Chicago.For the #2 hottest on yelp, Longman & Eagle sure was a disappointment. Prepare yourselves, the list of complaints is long.First of all, the service is soooooo slooooow. It took an hour after ordering for our food to make it to the table. It seemed like every single table around us got multiple courses in the time it took us to get one. When this happens the waitress should look into the problem or at least offer an apology. Instead, she avoided our table like the plague. Finally, a woman I assumed was a manager offered an apology by dropping off literally a sip of whiskey for each member of our party. Really?? I wasn't expecting anything other than an apology but don't insult me with a pathetic offering "for our troubles".Second, the portions are teeny tiny. I read reviews and knew this in advance and I was still surprised. Really, they are that small. I had the scallops with braised oxtail and gnocchi. Where were my gnocchi? Oh, wait, are they those three small tubes at the bottom of my dish? I seriously thought it was part of the sauce. I kid you not, I went out later that night and had a second dinner at another restaurant. Third, other than my dish, the food just wasn't that good. My friend had the bouillabaisse with seafood and it had very little flavor. It's seafood! You'd think at least it would maintain some of that fish flavor, but nothing. And the amuse bouche was risotto. You're kidding me right? An amuse bouche, while tiny, is supposed to be complex and have layers of flavor. You should be able to focus on each element, even in just one tiny bite. The risotto was just risotto. Some may say it's free and I shouldn't complain, but I say have some pride in what you put on  the table and represent yourself in a better manner. Do something better than risotto. Seriously.I know I'm being picky, but for a restaurant that is popular supposedly because of the thought they put into and the intricacies of their dishes, they certainly make it easy to write negative reviews. I felt like I was a judge on Top Chef: Expecting the best but having every dish just completely miss the mark. Really, Longman & Eagle is popular because it's in Logan Square and it's new. Unless they increase the size of their dishes and improve their customer service, or at least lower their prices, I doubt they'll continue to have the level of business they currently do.OVER-RATED!!!  Look, the food here is just like any other trendy pub joint these days.  Nothing bad to say about the food, but nothing that is a stand   out.  However, the bar is excellent!  How do I know?  Because our group of four had to wait THREE HOURS for a table.  You read that correctly.  Granted, we arrived at 6:30 on a Saturday evening knowing they didn't take reservations and expected a wait.  We were told a 1.5 to 2 hour wait.  We asked at 1.5 hours what to expect and were told "only 6 parties in front of you."  Went back at 2 hours and "only 6 partied in front of you."  8:30 on a Saturday and what is one to do, leave - wait it out?  Well, we decided to wait thinking it wouldn't be long.  After 3 hours.... yes THREE HOURS we were finally seated.  Our server was good and clearly understood we were hungry.  What we learn (and suspected from watching) is the kitchen is too small to accommodate the place.  We were not served dinner for another hour.  If you do the math, that means we were served dinner at 10:30pm!  On top of that, we asked for bread when seated to help us.  We were politely informed "we don't serve bread."  This place is just not work the wait - come on people.  Wake up!  No place deserved the reputation you continue to give it when they cannot manage their crowds better (or more truthfully).  And, to not offer bread knowing that some are waiting 2 or 3 hours is just ridiculous!  Maybe I won't go with such an overwhelmingly large group next time!Turned away our party of 9 at 5pm- the dining room was empty. This could mean two things: either the food is so good and we were not worthy or the owners have poor business sense.  Either way, it will take me a while to get over the incident and try this place again.Good solid place.  The boar sloppy joe is ridiculously good.  Not a huge fan of the atmosphere but the food makes up for it without a doubt.  Also try out the cubano it was good and the bread was excellent.Chicago's best brunch.  The biscuits and gravy (with poached eggs) are out of control amazing. Order carefully though; not everything is quite as outstanding.Great breakfast and not a super long wait. I recommend that if you're too lazy to wait for dinner.Flippen Awesome!  In person I used a different F word.  I live across the circle from this place and feel like I just won some kind of gastronomical lottery!  The food is amazing, the staff well informed and gracious, and the drinks rock.We were there promptly at 5pm when they opened and there was already a group of four people waiting to get in!  Guess the word is out.  We were all seated quickly and our server was over in flash to sort out our order.  My BF and I had a divide and conquer strategy with the menu and drinks list.  He went for the whiskey tasting and I ordered us up the Gnudi with crispy sage, Scallops with Oxtail, and Kobi meatballs on polenta.  We were not messing around.  Within minutes our drinks and amuse bouche of beets with a whipped goat cheese drizzeled with truffle oil arrived at the table.  Why thank you &, don't mind if I do!The food rolled out at a pleasant pace starting with the Seared Scallops & Braised Oxtail, potato gnocchi and Fontina fonduta.  A healthy portion for $12.  This was my favorite starter by far.  The scallops were perfectly seared and the oxtail was melt in your mouth delicious.  The Gnudi was a fun cheesey take on gnocchi and very delicately placed on the plate with a leaf of crispy sage placed on top.  I could snack on crispy sage all night, yum.  The gnudi themselves were very good, but I think I prefer the gnocchi that came with the Scallops.  Simply a style choice or maybe I just prefer my Italian dumplings covered with oxtail and fonduta.  The meatballs were delicious and although I don't usually use this word to describe meatballs, they were delicate and very tasty.  We could have stopped right then and been satisfied, but we wanted more.  We decided that the Veal Breast with Bacon Brussel Spouts and Beef Cheek Manicotti was the next dish on deck.  And let me say to the Chef, well done sir!  The veal was tender enough to cut with my fork and the sauce had us in a zen like state.I'm not sure where we found the room but we simply had to try the Chocolate Bannana Bread pudding and it was wonderful.  It was moist, rich, and we damn near licked the bowl clean.  It's been a while since I looked at a menu and saw so very many things that looked so unbelievably delicious.  I'm coming back this week with my girlfriends in tow.  I have them convinced it's for their sake, because I want to share this great new restaurant with them.  But really it's purely and selfishly, so I can have more people with me to taste more of that menu.  For the record how many times is it socially acceptable to visit a restaurant within a week without being pegged as a stalker?This is the restaurant I wish we had in LA.  I'm super jealous of my brother, who literally lives around the corner from Longman & Eagle.  How can you not instantly fall in love with a casual, affordable, Michelin star restaurant and whiskey bar?  House specialty cocktails are only $8! We're talking high quality Manhattans and Old Fashioneds here... You'd barely get a well drink for 8 bucks at a comparable restaurant in LA.  The whiskey and bourbon list is quite impressive.  They even had Pappy 23 year, which sat on the shelf taunting me with its $42-68 price tag.  What really sealed the deal for me though, was the food.  I "only" had the burger, but it was honestly one of the best burgers of my life.  Every component; the bun, the meat, the bacon, and the cheese, was better than the last.  All the flavors were perfectly balanced, but the Wisconsin cheddar really shone through.  The burger was cooked a perfect medium rare, and for 12 bucks I could eat it every day and die happily of a heart attack!  For dinner, I'd return and sample my way through the rest of the gourmet menu.  It's just that good.  Fortunately, they've considered that with food this good and this cheap, you may never want to leave.  There are a handful of rooms available above the restaurant, so you can literally move in to this culinary paradise.  Tempting...  For now, though, I'll have to daydream and wait for my next trip to Chicago.  There's no doubt that I'll be back to Longman & Eagle.  Maybe I can even squeeze in a few trips on my next visit!What can I say. Superb doesn't really do it justice. Can't imagine a more rewarding way to spend the evening. I love everything about this place. The ambiance, the presentation, the food. Wow. Best restaurant this side of the Atlantic? Perhaps.Awesome little place! Excellent food and outstanding service. Very eclectic menu. The small plates are very small. Next time I'll mix small with large plates. I'll definitely be going back.I've been here a couple times, for drinks and for lunch. Doesn't matter if you aren't eating, you'll still smell like some kind of meat after you leave (not that that's a bad thing). The aroma hits you as soon as you enter and never stops enticing. For lunch I had the Pork Belly BLT, which was awesome. The portion of pork belly was more than generous and the tomato jam combined with the secret sauce was perfect. The fries are no joke either, delicious. I also tried the L&E Shandy, which is Bell's Oberon mixed with Lemonade, a very refreshing sun-soaked afternoon beverage. The combinations here are great and the menu changes often so you can always try something new...Last night, I decided on a whim to attempt my first Michelin-starred dining experience. Longman and Eagle uncharacteristically had a 15 minute wait, and as soon as we got there, two seats opened up at the bar. It seemed like fate.The meal had some exceptional components. Our drinks (manhattan and old fashioned) were simply the best versions of these cocktails I have ever tasted. Considering that I saw them using Maker's Mark, this is especially impressive. The old fashioned had strong orange/bitter aromas, but absolutely none of the cloyingly sweet flavor that comes from an incompetent mixer. My manhattan was brash and assertive, with just the right amount of bitters. Food wise, the bone marrow may challenge Avec's bacon-wrapped dates as the best small plate in Chicago. The bones are generously filled with delicious, impossibly rich marrow, and topped with just the right amount of the requisite cranberry/onion concoction. I found myself scooping out the marrow with my fingers, much to the chagrin of my roommate/dining partner and I'm sure everyone else at the bar. Also, this gets major points for not skimping on the bread; I can't tell you how many times I've ordered bone marrow, only to have it be unenjoyable because the chef expects me to eat all of it on three melba toasts or something. This was perfect.The other components of the meal were very good, but unmemorable. The pork cheek small plate (with lentils, some sort of naturally black green, and fermented apples) was well-balanced but by no means spectacular. The venison sausage small plate had delicious components (sauerkraut pierogi FTW), but the sausage itself was sort of unremarkable; I'm not sure I could have set it apart from Trader Joe's andouille on blind taste test. Still, it was a very good small plate. The wild boar sloppy joe that we (somehow) split was awesome overall; however, only the bites that included the grilled jalapeño were memorable, whereas those that didn't were simply good. Also, the bun was not the best in the world. The beef fat-fried french fries that came alongside were among the best fries I have had anywhere; unlike most places, the ketchup is served alongside to mellow the flavor of the spuds rather than add to them. The staff was hipster-ish but welcoming; not remotely aloof or arrogant. Pricing was surprisingly low (we got out sub-$40 for all of the aforementioned food, libations, tax, and tip). All in all, I greatly enjoyed my meal at L&E, but not enough of it was superb for me to give it 5 stars. Had I waited as long as people typically do to eat here, I likely would have a less glowing opinion of it. Nevertheless, the food is definitely good enough to merit consistent patronage, and coming here only to drink is definitely an option well-worth considering.Finally, al la carte card #1 used! Had the pleasure of making acquaintances with L&E over the weekend. Luckily the husband had called ahead to find out no such thing as a reservation will happen here. We arrived about 6:30pm on a Saturday night and the wait was already 1.5 hours. No, I did not see any senior citizen early bird special. I did notice, for a place that does not take reservations, the hostess spent a lot of time on the phone. The male host, wish I remembered his name, was spot on. He made everyone feel welcome even took some drink orders, friendly conversation and knowledgeable. We made our way up to the bar for some wine and Green Line Beer. Everyone says how small the world is, and it is true. We ran into a couple we know so that 1.5 hour wait went by pretty quick. When we were finally seated it was by the door which did get chilly but, was I gonna take a chance and wait for another table, I think not. Especially when I heard the hostess tell people 2.5 to 3 hour wait at 8pm!My husband started with the whiskey flight "Rye Not?" he seemed to enjoy it, although Whiskey is not for me. The chef prepared a pork mousse (I will call it a mousse since I can not remember what the waiter called it) with apples and cinnamon. It was just the right way to get started. We went with our waiter's suggestion for starter and entrees everything a bit savory and a bit sweet. For a started we went with seared Maine sea scallops, braised oxtail, black truffle gnocchi and butternut squash it was YUM with a capital "Y". There were 2 scallops on the plate and they were gone in 5 seconds no need for plates :). For entrees I had the leg of venison with sweet potato dumplings, black trumpet mushrooms and fennel and quince pureed and (had to look this up) Huckleberry Vinegar. I pretty much licked the plate. My husband had the half duck with bread pudding. He said it was perfect and pretty much cleaned the plate. Unfortunately, we were too full from dinner for dessert. I can't wait to go back. Saturday night was the first night you could "sleep" upstairs. The couple next to us said their room was nice and artfully decorated. The rates are from $75 to $200 a night, perfect for a romantic evening!Overall everything was pretty good. The menu was pretty heavy/hearty, better for a cold chicago winter/late fall kind of day. Everything either had some pig, a broken egg, or beef grease in order to fatten it up.Looking for a lighter menu item I did come across a fish called "ESCOLAR". I promptly googled it and found the following health hazard: The accumulation of the indigestible wax esters in the rectum through consumption of these fish engenders discharges or leakage per rectum as orange or brownish green oil, but without noticeable loss of water. This physiological response is called keriorrhea, which is variously described as "oily diarrhea," "oily orange diarrhea," or "orange oily leakage" by the mass media and bloggers on the internet. Outbreaks of keriorrhea have been repeatedly reported across continents. Additional symptoms including nausea, vomiting, abdominal cramps, and diarrhea were complained by the victims. They are probably due to anxiety or panic when suffering from keriorrhea. Escolar and oilfish are banned from import and sale in Italy, Japan, and South Korea. Maybe they could put a disclaimer on the menu - thank god for wikipedia.  Took a point off for that.oh lord.so good it kind of hurts.. It reminds me of a cross between a high class old timey saloon and a new classy restaurant. Lots of beautiful hardwoods, high ceilings.. there are two adjoining rooms that are both intimate in size, it feels quite perfect for the food being served.delicious meat,, I mean, REALLY delicious. And its funny because I love and believe in the concept of useing the entire animal.. if you are going to kill it, nothing should be wasted. But then when served beef cheek, as in, the inside of a cow's mouth, i bit my lip.. and then tasted it.FYI-- COW CHEEK IS AMAZING!!!everything ruled. i had the catfish that i  had to force myself to slow down and savour it. Friends had the veal (oh man.. so good) the scallops, the sausage sandwich, and the sloppy joe. It was all profoundly delicious, such great flavors! and the servings were perfect. It left you satisfied in a healthy way, not in a side splitting way, and i didnt want to like the plate because i hadnt gotten enough.. i wanted to lick the plate though. just because its deliciousness was still on it a little!we finished up with the banana bread pudding. it made me close to weeping with awesomeness.so... i want to eat every meal there now. all of them. so good. ouch. go. do it. you'll have to wait. big deal. or wait a year. or go early. just, go.Meh.  I went here last night, and though I'm glad I've experienced it and can say I went here, I most likely won't return.  The drink selection is fantastic, yes, and our waiter was really nice and helpful.  But the food itself is just OK.  I know some people are gaga for this shit, but to me it was just overpriced and pretentious.  It seemed like a lot of the people eating there were rich people, eating there on a Saturday night because it was the "thing to do."  But anyway, onto the food.  We started with the bone marrow and the frogs legs.  It's pretty cool that I can say I've eaten marrow, but really it was nothing special.  All I could taste was the red onion jam, there was barely any marrow, and the toast was a little burnt.  And why are we eating marrow anyway?  Just for the sake of being different?  Meh.  The frogs legs were cooked in buffalo sauce, and really just tasted like chicken wings.  I was hoping for more.  For the entrees we ordered the pork belly and the pork shank.  The pork belly was amazing and delicious, but the pork shank, described by our waitress as falling off the bone, was anything but falling off the bone.  It was somewhat dry and very hard to cut off the bone, even with a seraded knife, and it had no flavor.  The best part about it was the grits, collards, and chanterelles that it sat on top of!  That's what I get I suppose, for ordering one of the less expensive entrees on the menu.  Lame.  Also, when we walked in the place was FILLED with smoke, like you could see it billowing everywhere.  While it smelled great, I felt that was pretty inappropriate to have the dining room filling with smoke... it was kind of disgusting... they need to invest in some better ventilation.All in all, I would go here just to try it, but it's definitely not the kind of restaurant I'd keep coming back to.  If you like to eat crazy shit and pay a lot for it, just for the sake of eating crazy shit and paying a lot for it, then you will probably love this restaurant.I still don't understand why L&E has a Michelin star. This place has created more hype than it should have. My problem is that they have been inconsistent in delivering a great meal. I've had two great experience there, an ok one and two poor experiences. You would expect them to be excellent every single time. I'm basing this review on food solely.Delightful food presentation. Quality bar. I guess this means Logan Square is coming of age. But unlike his older sister, Wicker Park, Logan is sporting some definite class at this young age of gentrification. I'd venture to compare the care of food and drink here at L&E to that of The Drawing Room in the Gold Coast. I mean, come on, you can get rabbit on the brunch menu! How absolutely posh. Yet young and cool enough to not be pretentious (try the hamburger for dinner!). Yes, I'll have more of that, please.Bone marrow, wild boar sloppy Joe, and lamb tartare. There at 5 o'clock on a Monday, for no waiting and could not of had a better experience. Thanks guys.Seriously guys.  Your website says you are open from 10am till 2am.  I come in at 4 pm for a late lunch / early dinner whatever you want to call it.  I walk up to the empty bar (it's 4 in the afternoon, not busy yet).  Bartender walks up and asks if I want a drink menu.  I say, "No, I'll take a food menu and a draft."  He proceeds to ask which beer I'd like; he gets me the beer.  I ask again for a menu at which time he now decides to say, "oh, the kitchen is closed till 5, we only have olives or cheese till then."  Really.... olives and cheese.  I came for food.  If you are not going to serve food, say so immediately when I ask for a menu, not after you ignore my request for a menu and get me a drink.  Meanwhile, I'm starving and now chugging a beer on an empty stomach so that I can leave and go eat elsewhere.  Lame.  If you are not going to serve food, why get me the drink.  It's like going to the post office to find out you can buy stamps but can't mail the letter.  On other experiences, the food is great.  Wish I could have had some.Orack goes into putrid and vomitous L&E on a Saturday evening.  The bar is full.  All types of peoples are congregated; drinking, chatting, eating...  Hipsters running the gamut from transendental  to diaphonous  And of course, some suited-up wanksters. Orack waits for his companions the library and the mausoleum.  Both arrive at exactly the same time although different modes of transportation were taken from different locations.  The wait will be about an hour, the ironic-bike-chain-necklace-wearing maitre d' tells the three.  Luckily they find an opening at the bar.  The library and the mausoleum  order gin cocktails while Orack has a chalupa.After an hour of the library and the mausoleum talking about moustache wax, custodial duties and tourists, the three are seated in the still very congested special olympics.  Their table has a view of the minuscule kitchen and the bearded vaginas performing their craft.  The waiter, in his skinny jeans and plaid shirt, announces his name and function.  Beers are ordered.  Beers are delivered.  Cheers are made.  The trio of Orack, the mausoleum and the library are syphilitic and are prepared to order plenty of food.  Pate, meatballs and the Ipswich clam belly sandwich are all ordered.  The Pate seems to be enjoyed by all, as well as the meatballs.  The clam belly sandwich, enjoyed by the library, is a bit too dry and breaded for the mausoleum and Orack.  More beers are ordered.  More beers are delivered.  More stories are told.  The trio orders Duo of Foie Gras.  All three almost pontificate collectively when the hot pickle/foie gras concoction is put to lips.  The porchetta agnollotti comes and goes with its delicious usage of Cheez Whiz.  The roasted pigeon looks a bit meager, but the flavors are pretty, pretty, pretty good the three agree.Orack flags down the server, whatever-his-name-is.  Orack asks for an order of pomme frites.  The server becomes fancy.  We, um, can't do that, he responds rather salaciously.Um, you can't do that? the trio asks.  Well, let me check.The server walks the five steps to the kitchen and huddles with two of the kitchen vaginas pointing in the direction of Orack, the library and the mausoleum.  He walks the five steps back.No, we can't do it.  You can order a burger though!Um, okay...The library understands the principle behind the rule and explains it to Orack and the mausoleum.  The three still don't care though and they begin to plot a take down of the server and a way to acquire an order of frites without sexting a burger.More beers are ordered, more beers are consumed.  They begin to talk rutabaga about the silly pomme frites policy.  Orack goes as far to suggest a pomme frite Nazi in the kitchen.  No Frites For You, Orack says wildly, playing fuck mountain to Seinfeld.Cheers are made and more food is ordered.  The roasted Miller chicken is absolutely moist and  bouncy, the three conclude.  They take turns burning the sweet onion broth.  The Snake River sturgeon is ordered.  The Snake River sturgeon is delivered and prayed to.  The three crown the dish the best of the night, if only they could have some pomme frites on the side they all think aloud.  The somewhat  poopy "Steak and Egg" dish, with beef short rib and farm egg, is the final entree of the evening for the trio.  Aside from the portion size being on the bigger side, nothing is remembered from this dish by any of the three for the rest of their lives.  The three have already been full for some time, but somehow still have room for some damn pomme frites, they tell the server.  The server laughs it off, wondering when these three fucking pretentious assholes will stop ordering, eating and trying to be funny.  More beers are ordered.  More cheers are made.  Dessert is offered, dessert is ordered.The mausoleum steps up to the crevice.We'll have an order of Pomme Frites.  So you want the burger, the server asks with his quick draw.  The trio give up on the pomme frites and give credit where credit is due: to the kitchen staff, server and proprietor for spelunking to their guns.  Two desserts are ordered.  Two lincoln parkers are eaten in their entirety.  Neither are remembered by name or by ingredient.  The three shart out into the dusk, bellies full and brains gangrenous.***Thanks!When it comes to gastropubs this place gets a bit lost in the mix.Its a gem in Logan Square because the rest of the area has not much to offer, but there is nothing particularly magnetic about this place...Unless you thoroughly enjoy dining on a complete MEAT menu.  I'll credit their endeavors on creating a very unique menu but it lacks color. There is so much brown, grey, and white that you feel like you're ordering from a Charlie Chaplin inspired menu.Execution by the chef is superb on what he does offer so that is good but if you could get your server to bring you anything in a fashionable manor you're bloody lucky. Bar service is even worse, nice lot of gentlemen they are but when it gets busy an expeditious demeanor would carry this place to 4 stars.Decent place if you're in the mood for a large beer selection, primarily colon cancer causing dishes, and aren't in any sort of hurry.You can not beat their brunch selection or their whiskey list.Is it possible for an inanimate object to be pretentious ? Because that is what the food is here. The staff are actually very nice and accomodating, and the bar list is fantastic. Any place that has an european cider is great to me. The food though, wow, its bad. Like really bad. Did it make me sick? No. Bad as in you're paying 18 dollars for a couple scallops piled on one piece of ravioli. As in the chicken is brought out in pot where it was cooked, soaking in its own juices, with no added spices at all. The chicken tastes like chicken. And the salad. Nothing on the menu looked appetizing to me, so I figured I get the cheapest thing, which was a 8 dollar organic salad. It was literally a plate of lettuce, which the tiniest pinch of vingarette. It was terrible. Why would you say its a salad if it only has lettuce? That just lettuce. Humor me with a onion or something, but nope just lettuce, and not even romaine, it was like garden fresh you get at Jewel. The dessert was disappointing. It wasn't bad, but the whole thing behind gastro pub is that they take simple everyday recipes and put a twist on it that in practice is suppose to be different and TASTY. Everything ono the menu required a double take, in this case I thought it was pecan pie I was ordering, but alas, it was pecan steamed cake with a yogurt topping served in a mason jar. Pecan STEAMED cake with a yogurt topping served in a mason jar. To be honest, it was funny. So if you want to laugh at food, but get a good drink while doing it, be my guest, I rather play less for the entertainment though.Most people will not agree with this but here we go. I really wanted to love this place, i had heard so many great things. Unfortunately,  great things were no where to be found. By far the worst thing was the noise level. I know, I know you're thinking is he 99 years old? I cannot ever remember complaining about noise before. I could not hear anything my fiance was saying and when we looked around everyone was leaning into the middle of their table and yelling to attempt  conversation. The food was really average at best. We got the pretzel which was 0% different from a movie pretzel. I had a couple of bites of the arugula salad which ok. My better half was disappointed with her choice of ricotta gnudi. As for my wild boar sloppy joe, i was so pumped to experience it and i walked away with my head down. I do want to say our server (Jared?) was extremely attentive and helpful. His service warranted the another star.ADDENDUM: within hours after i posted the original review the owner contacted me inquiring details about my experience. I was very impressed with this and only because of his efforts I am willing to try L&E againThe food was out of this world!  The bartender was a true mixologist.  We stopped in on a Saturday afternoon.  The place was hopping, but we managed to get seats at the bar.  They were serving off their  Brunch menu.  Everything we had was top notch with Longman's own special twist.  They have an extensive beer list and every type of whiskey you could imagine.Longman & Eagle is the least expensive of Chicago's Michelin Star restaurants and is the only gastropub to be so starred. Featuring locally sourced nose-to-tail American cuisine. There is also a vast adult beverage menu with several house specialties (I really enjoyed the hot Yuzu Toddy) and a great beer list along with lots of wines and spirits. Longman & Eagle unfortunately does not take reservations so my advice is to come early as this is an extremely popular venue; my friend and I arrived a little before 6:00pm on a Thursday night and managed to score one of the last remaining two tops before the evening rush commenced. By the time we received our amuse bouche there was already a small crowd of people standing near the bar eagerly awaiting their turn. The ambiance is that of an upscale pub but is a tad on the loud side and tables are quite close together. Service is attentive and professional but our server was all about business rather than personable. The pace of the meal was somewhat faster than I had anticipated (especially considering how full they were), but it did not feel at all rushed.The menu at Longman & Eagle frequently changes based on what fresh ingredients can be procured. The menu is divided up until a few sections: Bar snacks, Small Plates, Salads and Sandwiches and Entrees (there is a sample menu online that provides a pretty good idea of what to expect but my buddy was sad that the seared duck testicles on the online menu were not available in house tonight). My friend and I split a bar snack and two small plates and each had our own entree. Our bar snack (buffalo sweetbreads) was small, but very tasty. It consisted of four pieces of battered sweetbreads coated with hot sauce made to resemble buffalo wings. For the small plates we partook in the roasted bone marrow with a very nice red onion jam and a pig face dish made to resemble a Reuben sandwich (this was outstanding). My entree was a leg of venison in a gingerbread sauce (I am a big fan of having a sweet component to savory foods). This was good as well, but the appetizers I enjoyed a tad more than the entree; my friend opted for a bacon rapped rabbit which he seemed to really enjoy. While the appetizers were a tad on the small size, the entrees were fairly generous. There were a handful of "safe" foods (as well as a small vegetarian menu) for those not into eating odd animal parts (or "scary" foods as my wife calls them). The dessert was possibly the best part of the evening and was a fun dish with lots of components (we both ordered the same dessert). It had a shot glass filled with a popcorn mousse, a cooked spiced apple, a shortbread cookie and a generous scoop of bacon ice cream completed with some maple powder. Excellent dessert and combined with the entrees and starters this was the perfect sized meal to leave satisfied but not uncomfortable. While I wish Longman & Eagle took reservations, so long as you come early (and opt for a weeknight) one can avoid the wait). There is plenty of parking nearby as well as a blue line el stop across the street. While Longman & Eagle is not quite as good an overall experience as most of the other Michelin starred venues I have had the pleasure of frequenting, the food is a real good value and the menu interesting enough I would definitely like to return here. The adult beverages are also quite favorably priced (most cocktails are just $8 and large glasses of craft beer run $6 to $7). Our tab for the evening (three small dishes, two entrees, two desserts, two beers, two cocktails and a coffee) came to $75 per/person before gratuity. If you are interested in quaffing some good beverages and dining on well prepared nose to tail cuisine in a vibrant but casual atmosphere, Longman & Eagle is a great choice.Worth the price. Get the Manhattan and pretty much anything on the menu. Perfect for a classy date.  Had about a two hour wait when we showed up at 7:30pm on a Saturday night, but wasn't a problem.  A few other bars right around the corner were a little less packed.  Grab a drink there while you wait for your table at L&E.  Oh, and service is impeccable.When I think of gastropub, L&E is the first and likely best example that comes to mind.  Whether it's my wife's all-time favorite corn soup, excellent burgers with crisp & savory beef fat fries, a delicious wild boar sloppy joe, or the duck egg hash with duck confit and black truffle vinaigrette; it's all good.  I've yet to feast on their dinner menu, but I've been here twice for brunch and had no issues getting a table right away.  To top things off they pour 38 different whiskeys for a scant $3 a shot.  If that alone doesn't merit five stars I don't know what does.Went here for for an early unplanned Friday dinner and no regrets about it! I'm not a big whiskey fan so I couldn't fully appreciate their drink menu, but the food was great and the service was better. It's probably not a place I would frequent because the food is a bit eclectic for regular visits, but every once in a while it's definitely worth an experience.Oh my cat's balls, this place is awesome!  My mixologist Derek made me several tasty whiskey cocktails while I ordered the exotic Marrow Bones and a super-tasty Burger with the Beef Fat Fries.  There's no way any of this could be made at home.  This burger blows away any Burger Bar on any Corner in this city.  This is the place you bring your super-snooty-beer/cocktail-foodie visiting from the Bay Area to simply shut him up.  These are classic drinks made with the freshest of hand-muddled juices and spirits.  It's gourmet hipster at its freshest.  We will return.  Thanks for an awesome dinner, Derek!Gets better and better with time, I feel. Food and drink still delicious as ever.I'll start by saying that the food at L&E is legit. They have one of the best burgers I've ever had, and an incredible whiskey menu. That being said I have a serious issue with how they run their business. I have a 16 month old child and I don't go out to eat very much anymore but ate at L&E a few months ago while out with a friend for his birthday. Since that night I have been telling my wife about the burger at L&E. Today I stopped in around 4:15 PM to order a couple of burgers to take home. The hostess told me that the kitchen didn't open until 5 PM and I should be able to order my food then, I took a menu and came back at 5. When we returned we were told that they were too busy to make an order for take out at that time. I don't have a problem with them not offering take out (even if it is silly to deny business to people who can't or won't eat in), I have a problem with them making the rules up as they go. I was there 5 minutes after the kitchen opened and they were too busy to make a couple of burgers? Really? So we took our money to Dunlay's on the Square located a block away who offer a killer turkey burger, and it was delicious. Maybe I'll go back to L&E in 6 or 7 years when the kids are grown up and I can actually sit down and enjoy a meal uninterrupted. The hipster pretentiousness is obnoxious.I have very mixed feelings about this place. Wish I could give 2.5 stars to reflect my ambivalence. First with the positives. Great location in Logan Square just steps away from the blue line. Nothing to sneeze at when you're coming from the south side to try out a new restaurant. Service was knowledgeable and friendly (I'm giving her a pass that she hit on my hubs - he is extremely cute after all...) The whiskey selection is very impressive, not just extensive but top-shelf selections. For cocktails I had the Full House, which combined Laird's applejack with benedictine, yellow chartreuse, and bitters. Hubs had the Ringer. What we love most about whiskey cocktails is how unassuming they are. They're not boisterous or pretentious, just simple drinks highlighting the whiskey in a way that says, "I have nothing to prove." I also appreciated the concept of rooms on top of the restaurant that travelers can stay in on the cheap. Almost seemed like a reversal of the usual concept: 1. hotel 2. restaurant. L&E reverses this: the hotel rooms (only 6 of them) are subordinated to the restaurant. Very cool.So those were the positives. Now for the negatives: the food was absurdly and shamelessly rich and fattening. Part of the problem is that I determined beforehand I was going to order whatever my server recommended as the "best" which ending up leading to absolute chaos - and by that I mean lipid overload in my poor, unsuspecting stomach. It wasn't just the recommendations, though, since I tried to find an item - something, anything - fresh on the menu to balance all the heaviness and was unfortunately unable to do so. My wild boar sloppy joe was tasty but left me feeling physically ill, especially when coupled with the "beef fat" fries (to me, "beef fat" anything sounds like a bad idea) that tasted exactly like fast food fries. Ugh. What I did next must have been prompted by momentary demon possession or perhaps a strange alignment of the planets at the very moment my server asked, "Would you like any dessert?" to which I replied, "Yes, I'll have the gruyere stuffed donuts served with side of whipped goat cheese." Yeah, that was an awesome idea. I felt sick for two days following this experience. I fasted the day after - eating only a small salad and a bit of plain oatmeal - and ate only slightly more the next day. I really hope L&E is not a reflection of the direction of foodie/restaurant trends, but unfortunately I have noticed a similar backlash-against-health at other supposedly "hip and trendy" new restaurants. Overall this experience reminded me that trends can be terrible and even downright stupid. I don't think I'll be returning to L&E anytime soon, certainly not for dinner!With its Michelin Star, and relatively affordable prices, I had to dine at this Logan Square gastropub. The meal I was lucky enough to have definitely ranks in my top 5 meals in my life, possibly stealing a second spot. I must warn you, though, the atmosphere is not for everyone. The ambience and style, accurately described as "hipster" on yelp, was perfect for me as a young adult, but not so much for my 70-year old grandfather. Surprisingly (despite the fact that it was a Thursday night), we were seated after a quick 10 minute wait (Longman doesn't accept reservations). Amongst the four of us, we ordered three dishes to start. The first was crustini with three cheeses, the second was beef meatballs with creamy polenta, and the last dish was tete de cochon. I have had variations of these dishes at restaurants such as the Purple Pig and Girl and the Goat, and I have to say that Jared Wentworth's version of the above dishes stole the show in comparison to the other two venues. My favorite had to be the tete de cochon, despite the fact that the Slagel Family Farm meatballs were the best meatballs I have ever had.For my entrée, I went with the online buzz consensus of ordering the pork belly, and I must say, my expectations were exceeded tenfold. A hearty portion that filled me up, the pork belly was more meat than fat and was cooked to perfection in comparison to the copious amounts of pork belly I have had in my life. As if the divine pork belly was not enough, the butternut risotto performed as an excellent sidekick. New to the risotto game, Longman and Eagle's was better than other Chicago spots I have been to, including the former Michelin Star holder Sixteen. It was also beautifully paired in terms of flavor with the pork belly.My dining peers ordered pork cheek, wild boar sloppy joe, and steak. I was fortunate enough to try the steak, which was cooked amazingly well, and also the beef fat fries paired with the wild boar sloppy joe, which rivaled Stephanie Izard's ham frites.For dessert, I ordered the chocolate pate, which was delicious, but a bit underwhelming in comparison to the quality of the dinner. This is the only problem I have when comparing Izard's joint with Wentworth's. The meal (excluding dessert) left me more satisfied at Longman and Eagle, but my chocolate bouchon g&g was much better than my chocolate pate.If I was forced to risk waiting two hours for a meal, I'd revisit Longman and Eagle before g&g.Wild Boar Sloopy Joe is all I can say!!!Would happily eat here daily if time and money were not an issue. Pork belly and cheek are fabulous, the salads are colorful and fresh, scallops were perfectly prepared, and the drinks are refreshing and delicious.Longman is legit. You gotta respect a place that pushes the boundary with the items on the menu and the flavors you experience, but still delivers and your food comes out delicious. Minus one star because the service was not totally on point, and the drinks were a tad disappointing. I actually was expecting more from the drinks and less for the food and I was surprised the other way around. BUT the drinks were solid, just not five stars. I bet if I came when it was less crowded the drinks would improve. Highly recommend this joint though. BYOM (Bring Your Own Mustache)!Very unique menu, only for the semi-adventurous.  If you are a cheeseburger and fries kind of person this is not the restaurant for you.  Very busy place go early or late if you want a table.  Amazing appetizers we tried the meatballs and polenta, very tasty and the cheese plate was quite nice.  Our Pear and Aragula Salad was incredibly good and our Cavatappi with smoked cauliflower and a bunch of stuff I can't remember was interesting AND delicious.  The service was amazing. We were sharing all items 3 ways and after each course, a server swooped in and scooped up all of our plates and silverware, replacing with new.  I timed how long it took from the time we took our last bit til replacements came, 32 seconds!  Thats what I call attentive.I've only been to L&E twice and both times I left wishing I felt the same way about the food as everyone does (especially the critics who shower praise and awards left and right). It's not that I don't like the food but I just find everything satisfactory and don't understand all the fuss. I love the drink program, especially the whiskey selection, and I enjoy the concept and atmosphere. It's a perfect fit for the neighborhood - a little rough around the edges but sophisticated and comfortable at the same time. I appreciate the no reservation system but I hate it when they need the entire party there just to start the clock - that seems a bit unfair - and even though we waited a solid 45 minutes on a weeknight I could have sworn other parties got seated before us that shouldn't have (taking care of friends maybe?). Lastly, when the bill arrives you definitely remember you're at a Michelin Starred restaurant because they can charge like one. I didn't find the particularly good ($13-16 small plates, entrees $22 +). Bottom line, it's a cool spot with unique characteristics serving creative cuisine, but with a confusing front of house, average tasting food and an expensive bill - I wonder when I'll be back next. We started aggressively with the Buffalo sweetbreads - a play on buffalo wings - that was interesting and had a nice sauce and no hint of sweetbreads really, as well as the order of meatballs. I liked the meatball sauce a lot and the meat itself was fine, but I don't like how small the portion is (4 small meatballs I think for $6). Our main course consisted of the following: Erica went with the Slow Roasted Cauliflower served on Beluga Lentils with Carmelized Onions and other veggies, Kate ordered the Seared Maine Day Boat Scallops (with Black Truffle Cream of Wheat, Beech Mushrooms, Pickled Ramp Bulbs, Pea Shoots, Citrus Emulsion), Brad had the best dish of Crispy Confit of Pork Belly (with Butternut Risotto, Klug Farm Apples, Squash, Soy Chestnut Broth) and I mixed and matched Organic Werp Farm Greens with the English Pea Agnolotti.Erica and I were both underwhelmed with our vegetarian dominant dishes and even preferred the roasted cauliflower dish from Bite Cafe much more. My salad was tasty salad but the agnolotti was small and didn't do a lot to excite me. Kate's scallops look huge and well cooked, no complaints from her, and Brad's pork belly was the winner with a very tasty butternut risotto. I'm not trying to hate on L&E, I think some things are well executed and it's a fun atmosphere to enjoy, but the menu tries too hard to unique and the pricing doesn't make sense. Still a worthy box/experience to check for local food fanatics.Surprisingly better than expected given the location. The food is worth it! Highly recommend the bone marrow and whooping pies. Service was good as was the ambience. Ends up being a highly popular restaurant with good selection of Bourbon too!I went here for brunch - the fried chicken and waffles was delicious!!! If anything, there was too much fried chicken and we had to take some home.This should be 3.5 stars actually. The menu is really interesting and the ambiance is nice. The service was probably the best part of L&E, and gets 5 stars just for that. The only thing that keeps me from giving it more is that while all the menu descriptions of the items got me really excited, what I ended up eating was not all that amazing. It seemed like the food was less than the sum of it's parts if you know what I mean.I had the Pork Belly Confit for an entree. I also tried the catfish and a couple appetizers which I found somewhat forgettable. Don't get me wrong, it was all good. I guess I realized I am not a huge fan of pork belly confit. The flight of the pig tasting menu (where they use all parts of the berkshire hog) sounded really good and adventurous, but I wasn't really hungry enough for 5 courses, and at $45 it seems like it would have been a waste. Most of the food is upscale and priced accordingly, and the portions are on the smaller side.I'd like to go back and try some of the simpler things, sandwiches and maybe the burger. The cocktails were really well made. It's a little fancy and pricey for me to return to regularly. It would be more of a special occasion place.This is a place for foodies, adventurous foodies. Reminds me a little of Bristol in Wicker Park, although it is more casual. The prices were surprising for the casual bar-theme of this restaurant, expect $20-27 for an entree, with small portions.  I recommend doing the appetizers, sandwiches, salads and plates section of the menu.  We tried the lambs heart, at the persuasion of our server, and I suppose I'm glad I tried it for the sake of trying it, but it was very bland and boring in proportion to the concept of "hey i'm eating a heart right now".  I found everything was either bland or overpowering in terms of flavor. The beet salad was good, but I felt was totally overpowered by a Bacon-Grease infused dressing.  My tuna entree also had only the fatty bits of bacon on the plate, not even the crispy delicious part of bacon that I love.  There was even a bacon ice cream, but I decided I'd had enough by that point.  I'd say that this place is a fun place to experiment with new flavors, but I'm not sure they have those flavors figured out yet.  Everything tastes "interesting" but not sure it tasted Good or Great.  Highlights: Meatball appetizer (3 teenie tiny meatballs, but tasted good), creme brulee, friendly and informative serverLowlights: overpriced, sometimes bland, sometimes over-powering flavorsNot sure what I like more -- the kitchen or the bar. Every morsel I've ordered has been terrific, from the succulent meatballs in polenta to the juicy burger with beef-fat fries to the soul-satisfying roast chicken and vegetables. But the bar is, well, bar none. The specialty cocktails are where it's at here. I've tried a chai tea drink with rum and a bourbon concoction with rosemary -- both worth a return visit. Just avoid the January V. It was so minty, it made me want to rinse then spit.Let me start by saying my experience at longman was interesting. I say interesting bc the other patrons not the restaurant. We saw a person spill a bottle of wine and complain about it. We saw a couple eat most of their food and drink 3/4 of a bottle of wine. The guy o was bumped( didn't spill anything and was apologized too) but got up with his girlfriend and walked right out. Which is crazy in my opinion.But to get back to longman and eagle the menu was a little pretentious but the server Dave explained it well. The lamb heart, rhubarb and apple cider consume was cooked to perfection. The lamb was super tender, the consume was flavorful and light, the melon balled rhubarb was cooked but crisp and fresh, the dish was delicious, and left me craving more. We also had the roasted bone marrow, which was flavorful, and looked nice on the plate but wasn't necessarily functional. It was hard to get all the marrow out and it didn't spread well on the crostini. The pork belly porchetta was amazing, nicely seasoned, very tender, being pork belly made it fatty but I didn't really notice it in the texture. Blended really nicely. Finally the beer, wine, and whiskey list was great! We had some nice craft beers from local breweries and flight of whiskey was nice! The food came quickly considering the crowded space. Overall I really enjoyed the experience and would definitely recommend it to anyone. And I'll be back for more.Sat at the bar for hours yesterday - loved everything about this place.  Excellent  service, cocktails, and food.   Smoothest old fashioned I've ever had and the gourgeres were amazing.If you love the holy pairing that is a sweet and savory dessert, I beseech you: try their strawberry shortcake. Macerated balsamic soaked strawberries, southern style biscuity "shortcake." Jesus christ, hallelujah!This place is totally beast.I'm not thin enough to be a hipster, and frankly I don't really know what it means to be hip.  But, I do like to eat food and drink beer.  So, I guess I'm as hip as the next guy.I went here with my girlfriend on the way back into the city from O'Hare on a Sunday night.  It was a great idea: on a crisp October Sunday night we walked in and sat right down.  Baller.Given the selection of various woodland creatures on the menu, we decided to split a bunch of "small plates."  The goal was to eat an entire menagerie of cuddly forest critters.  We came pretty close: frog, scallops, ox tail, beef tongue, pigeon, and pumpkin.  It was an adorably delicious array of animal parts!I just checked the website and one menu item is duck testicles.  I'm devastated that I could not demonstrate my total dominance of yet another animal when I went because this was not on the menu.Animal privates aside, the service here was fantastic.  Our waiter was friendly, prompt, and extremely knowledgeable about the beer, wine, and liquors on the menu.  He suggested the Great Lakes Octoberfest and it was delicious.  The food was also really tasty.  Caveat: small plates really are quite small.  We had 5 and it was expensive and didn't really fill us up.  We wanted to try new things, but next time I think we'll get entrees.I'll definitely be back.I've been waiting for some time to finally make the trek over to L&E and yesterday was finally the day.  I had been hoping that by going not super late (7pm) on a Tuesday that we'd be able to avoid a super long wait.  Wrong.  Wah-wah.  It was about a 1.5 hour wait, though a wait that was well worth it.  We hunkered down for the long wait with some libations and bar snacks.  I had the Harvest sidecar, which I thought was delicious and went down like water.  My dining companions all started with the Cabin Swill, which was also delicious (we like to share).  After downing my sidecar, I decided to embrace Thirsty Tuesday (not the same ring as a Thirsty Thursday) and get another.  We still had a good 45 minutes to wait afterall.  The second drink I had was a surprise from the bartender.  I can't remember what it was called but it was something with gin and looked greenish, even though the bartender swore it was purple.  Either way, a surprising success for someone who isn't the biggest fan of gin.  The bar noshes - pretzel with Welsh rarebit and olives, were a solid beginning to the night.  The olives were surprisingly unsalty (in a good way) and the Welsh rarebit surprisingly contained no rabbit (bad joke).  I love a good pretzel with cheese sauce and this was a substantial improvement over the normal ballpark fare.  Once we were seated, we started with three appetizers: the Ipswich clam belly sandwich, the pumpkin angolotti, and the meatballs.  While I generally don't care for savory things involving squash/pumpkin, the agnolotti were actually quite tasty.  I didn't get much of the foie gras that was supposed to be shaved on top but overall quite good.  The meatballs and the clam belly sandwich were both awesome.  The meatballs were tiny but packed a huge punch of flavor and the polenta/sauce/fonduta/pesto combo was a perfect compliment.  I love that places around here are starting to put Ipswich clam bellies on the menu more and these were worth it.  The celery root remoulade was delicious.  I had been eying the wild boar sloppy joe during my standard pre-meal online menu review and had a hard time looking at any other entree.  I was not sorry I ordered it - the portion was huge, especially compared to the rest of the entree portions.  The beef fat fries were awesome and perfectly crispy.   The sloppy joe was a way better version than what my mom used to make.  It wasn't too sweet, which can be a problem with sloppy joes (for me anyway) and I thought the sage and jalapeno really elevated the dish to a new level.  I sampled my friends' pork belly, which was awesome.  I wanted to order the dish myself but based on my aforementioned dislike of savory squash dishes (this came with butternut squash risotto), I had to turn it down.  I didn't really taste the accoutrements that came with the pork belly, but the belly itself was ridiculously good.  We shared two desserts: the chocolate pave and the cornbread bread pudding.  While both were good (especially the caramel pudding on the pave), they weren't quite as good as the savory dishes, so next time, I think I'll order one more small plate and forgo dessert.I have visited 5 times now and only 1 dish has been anything else other than tremendous. They have a tremendous whiskey list and a good beer and wine selection to go along with their delicious offerings. The service is not always the best and the lack of reservations is a bit annoying to me, but their food makes up for these minor issues.Love this place. It is an excellent place for a special date! The food was delicious. I savored every bite. The staff was enjoyable as they were geeked out about their food, whiskey, and wine selection.  We really enjoyed ourselves. Highly reccomended!You get what you pay for here, everything is great and I like the classic choices of drinks, busy and loud.The thing I love about gastropubs, is the fact that you can dress as yourself and still get a chance to have a great selection of alcoholic beverages, delicious food, and great service. I've been hearing a lot about this place, so I was super hyped to go. The outside of the building doesn't have much for advertising, just a plain black and gray facade (which isn't very inviting). The interior was a little drab, until I started to realize the concept of what they were going for when my server, Cortland (what an adorable name and very fitting for a young Kurt Cobain look alike) approached the table in a blue, plaid, shirt and black jeans. As I looked around the room, I noticed that each server had on similar attire in their own unique way, kinda back of the woods, outdoorsy. Cortland was one of the best servers I have encountered in awhile. He was warm and incredibly knowledgeable in both food and drink. He knew every detailed description to each menu item and was able to pair it well with a suggested beverage. I ordered the Smoked Sweetbreads with piquillo peppers, olives, and fava beans and the Tete de Cochon with fried quail egg and Asian mustard-five spice sauce. My friend had the Pear Salad and the Roasted Cauliflower and Lentils. This chef knows his shit. He has a superb palate and knows how to pair his ingredients well in order to hit the perfect salt, sweet, sour, bitter, crunchy, soft, combination. It was the perfect balance and the preparation, seasonings, and execution were spot-on. Plate presentations were concise. I was very impressed. Unfortunately, the only downfall was dessert. We shared the Poached Apple with bacon ice cream, and langues de chat. The bacon ice cream was horrific. It tasted like they added liquid smoke to the anglaise and the smokiness took over, not a great way to end a memorable meal.   Lucky for them, the food prior was so good that they still get five stars in my book and I will definitely return!It's a bit hit-and-miss.  Some dishes are fantastic.  Others are pretty mediocre.  I suggest getting your server's insight on what's good.  Especially on the breakfast/brunch menu, where it's easy to go wrong.I love that I only have to walk up the street to get delicious food and drinks. Sure, there's a wait when you are trying to have lunch at 11 am on a Sunday, but that is a testament to how great they are. We love the brunch. We love the dinner! We love the rotating menu. The people are nice, and really cool about letting us bring our baby in, so we don't have to suffer eating at a "family" restaurant (a.k.a. IHOP). Tip, if you go for brunch, you must get their bloody Mary's! They just rotated the seasonal menu and I weep over the fact that my beloved biscuits and gravy is off the menu, but I know that I will find a new love. I always do here. I will end this review with 3 words. Beef. Fat. Fries.Great! Tremendous job on their first real night open. The food was spot on and our server Will was great as well. I wish this restaurant the best of luck!I have a wrinkle in my nose at the term "gastropub."  The definition seems a bit elastic and is becoming all too common.  A cozy spot with great food and grog needs no moniker in my humble opinion.  That aside, I was pleased with L&E.  While it sits in the epicenter of hipster Logan Square, I showed up on four wheels and clean shaven and was not turned away at the door.  This place is crowded and does not take reservations so we went on a Monday night and got a table in 20 minutes.  The apps were excellent and so were the entrees.  I admit that I have had better marrow bones at the Bristol and Purple Pig but I did enjoy.  The red onion jam was a nice compliment.  Offal-galore as can be expected from any number of places these days.  We will be back but reservations would be nice.I really, really wanted to hate this place. I hate the frontier vibe, I hate the whiskey bar, I hate the patrons cloaked in flannel and irony. I hate the trendiness of it, I hate the hard core crunchy hipster mecca that it is. Unfortunately, this place is awesome. The drinks were delicious. The bartender was pleasant and relaxed, even though it was packed. The host and server were on top of their game and very nice. The food was just amazing. I had this half chicken in a pot with broth and vegetables. It almost made me cry. It's was so juicy and flavorful. My dinner companion had a steak, and insisted it was one of the best he's had in Chicago. We tried the pigeon, and meh, it was OK, but everything else, everything was really, really great. Kudos to Longman & Eagle, they've officially won me over.Awesome food and great selection of whiskey. Will definitely be back soon!4 stars for the kick ass block party.  Ate some pig parts, drank some whiskey, shot the shit with some friends and family.  Proper Chicago style.  Can't wait to get back for the main course...This is a great spot in our son's neighborhood so we went there yesterday for brunch. The bloody Mary was without a doubt the best I have ever had. I had the salmon benedict and it was delicious, this was a perfect combo. The boys both had burgers which were v. good. I stole some fries and really enjoyed them. Our server Lauren was adorable, so nice. The person who seated us was also very nice. It was my husbands birthday and they gave him a special treat that he really enjoyed. Great experience, we will definitely be back.It's hard for me to rate this place.  The food was really tasty, but the attitude of one of the servers really turned me off.  I went with a friend on a busy Saturday night but didn't have to wait more than 20-25 minutes (yep, we got the early bird...arrived around 5:20ish).  Things started off pleasantly enough; we ordered cocktails (which were really great, by the way) and decided to get about 4 items from the tasting menu instead of entrees.  Here's a rundown of the food we ordered:The cheese plate was good, but I wish they would have included more cheese that kicked my ass a little bit.  Everything was very safe and fairly mild.The marrow bones were great - fatty, delicious goodness.  The red onion jam really elevated the dish.The seared scallops were perfectly prepared and the gnocchi with which they were served was very light.The sweetbreads - yum!  There was a lot going on with this dish, but it tasted great. So that's the food - 4.5 to 5 stars.  Now for the service...Like I said, everything started out well.  The first problem occurred once our marrow bones came out.  My friend and I were both mixing the red onion jam into the marrow while still in the bone.  Our server came over with a "helpful" tip: did you know that marrow bones have holes on both sides?  And that everything would work out way better if we were to just push it through out onto our plate and mix it there?  And that he has a lot of experience with these sorts of things, so...?  The condescension was awesome!  Dear server whose name I have already blocked from my memory: a) yes, I'm well aware that marrow bones have holes on either side b) the bone was friggin HOT.  I didn't exactly want to pick it up and give myself second degree burns while I scraped all of the fatty goodness out from the inside walls c) i'm glad you have experience eating bone marrow.  me too.The second problem happened when I decided to order some bourbon.  I like bourbon.  I LOVE bourbon.  I grew up in KY, where they basically mainline it into you from infancy.  When I looked at the menu online before my trip to Chicago, I was outrageously excited to see that they had Pappy Van Winkle 20 and 23 year on their whiskey menu.  It's expensive, but I wanted a treat.  Unfortunately, they didn't have it on their menu once we arrived.  No problem; there were a ton of other awesome things to choose from.  I decided on the Van Winkle Special reserve12 year.  When I ordered it, I said "Pappy Van Winkle special reserve 12 year" by mistake, just because I had Pappy on my mind.  About five minutes go by, and he comes back, asking me to point to the item I wanted on the drink menu, because they don't know what I'm talking about.  Keep in mind that there is no Pappy Van Winkle, no Old Rip Van Winkle, no Van Winkle anything else on the menu.  By the power of deductive reasoning and all that is logical and good, shouldn't one assume that I ordered the Van Winkle?  I get maybe coming back to double check that's what I meant, but to go through the whole "point to it on the menu" and then lecture me about how they're not the same thing (yes - LECTURE ME about how "there are about a million different kinds" of Van Winkle and they're not at all the same) just seems excessive.  I like to learn new things about my food and drinks, but I don't like to be talked down to.  The best part was when he had to come back and tell me that they didn't have any Van Winkle left.  That ruled.  So moral of the Longman & Eagle story: food is good - great, even - but watch out for the awesome condescending servers who obviously know more (and are cooler) than you.There's a hotel here. DON'T STAY THERE!The food and pub are great. Super service, great selection and yummy food. The hotel has the most hipster rooms in the world. Stay on a bed covered in your brother's old highschool bed-spread. Enjoy mixed tapes on your room's casette player. Sleep with the "white noise" of pub gurests laughing and vomitting. Wake at 3 am to the stink of someone down the hall smoking cheap ciggarettes. If that's not enough, the milk glass doored toilet allows for intimacy with your partner. The 6 inch gap above and below the door allow you to hear and smell what you would otherwise ignore, about your partner's bathroom habits. Enjoy.Love it.  We have been there for brunch twice.  Great experience both times.  The food is great, and the service was excellent.  Frankly, it's the type of place that you want to go back to again and again to try the whole menu.  I had the chicken and waffles this last time, which was very very good.  Go on off hours, brunch, early dinner, etc. to avoid the crazy wait.Had been wanting to try, based on excellent reviews from friends, and it did not disappoint.  Wait wasn't too long for our party of 2 for a Thursday night (although people we met at the bar, party of 4, waited a loooong time).  Adorable place.  Food was excellent -- loved the chicken liver mousse, but my favorite by far was the Crispy Slagel Farm Pigtail, Chanterelle Mushrooms, Apple, Sweet Potato, Chickpea Porridge, Cascade Hops -- what is that maze of food?  It was some terrific dish from heaven though!  Only thing we didn't love was the walleye (Pan Roasted Walleye, Maine Lobster, Potato Gnocchi, Radish, Carrot, Salt Roasted Beets, Foraged Mushrooms, Warm Porcini Vinaigrette) -- me and my husband both found it a little too fishy and didn't even finish it, but that's why I don't normally run to fresh water fish. Will definitely be back and may stick to all small plates.A great whiskey selection, and the hard-working staff really put a lot of sweat into the cocktails (I mean that in the good way, not in the bodily-fluids-in-your-drink-way).  The Thursday night crowd was a bit loud, but I enjoyed stopping by again during the early afternoon when the crowds were lighter.i did have to think long and hard about whether i would think of this place as five stars. but in the end, it was just so much fun to eat here that i couldn't not.i admit the reason i wanted to come here is that it's both in my neighborhood and also michelin rated. those might be bad reasons but i do not regret this decision. i also will not regret reviewing this place even though hundreds of other people have.first, i love the ambiance. super casual, roomy beergarden while we waited for out table (super friendly bartender there and the wait only ended up being twenty minutes on a sunday night), outdoor seating, nothing weird or fancy or trying too hard. three of us ate on outside one wooden tables like we were at a picnic.the boyf and i shared three small plates and an entree. the small plates are not small. we were thinking tapas-sized but they were more fancy-restaurant-entree sized.the sweetbreads were cooked perfectly. the texture was so good and it wasn't very breaded at all, which, even though i prefer the sear of the breading, was perfect. it came with a relish-heavy thousand island sauce and a guyere sauce, but i don't think they were necessary at all. they were good, but the meat itself was so perfect already. oh and this was a throat gland only, which was only disappointing because i've never had a heart one and wanted to try it. but i'd still highly recommend it.another small plate we had was a layered spread in a small glass jar. the layers were blueberry fig compote, foie gras, duck rilletes, and hazelnuts. it was amazing when you got the right ratios, which was kind of hard to maneuver from the jar. the mix of texture was great too. the slipperiness of the foie gras and the roughness of the rillettes with the gooey-ness of the compote with the crunch of the hazelnut. that was all pretty cool. i found the compote to be a little too sweet, but since you can just make the ratio yourself, it wasn't a big deal. the bread that it came with was super baked and hard, which i didn't like, but when i thought of it as a cracker, it made more sense. but later, i still just spooned out the spread and ate it alone. like a heathen.the most adventurous food we tried were the duck testicles. they were really fun. i loved the texture, kind of a cross between the springiness of heart with the paste-ness of liver. the sauce had a kind of murky flavor and then fresh peas to lighten it up. they were also cooked with pickled cherries, but those were too sweet and sharp for me to eat a whole one in any bite, but i do think they were a nice addition.for the entree, we had the porchetta, a delicious slab of pork belly that was so so satisfying. served on a bed of corn and bacon risotto, with a sweet peach-tomato relish, it was a great end of meal because it doesn't leave you wanting for anything.well maybe water... which brings me to my next point. i will say that the food wasn't perfect in that most of it was too salty for my taste. i don't think it saltiness overwhelmed the other flavors but i do think it was wholly unnecessary. i'll definitely come back to try some of the other stuff here and i think i'd want to ask them to prepare things with  less salt, if possible, and if that's not too obnoxious.for those who are not as into organ meat as i am, my friend got the greek salad and said the tomatoes were unusually flavorful. and he enjoyed his vegetarian risotto as well. not sure to what degree though.service was spectacular. i wish i could remember our guy's name but he was skinny with tattoos probably and really curly hair. that's probably a lot of people there. anyway he was awesome and described the food in the exact way i want food to be described to me and was also just attentive and nice and not pretentious at all.i think being in great company helped, but i also think this is a dining adventure full of really complex bites and that makes it worthwhile. it was just one of the most fun times i've had eating and one of the biggest selections of organ meat too! haha. i'll be back.I've gone here for brunch on two separate occasions and I love it.  The first time I got the peeky crab benedict, which was a little heavy on the hollandaise, but otherwise delicious.  The second time I got the chicken and waffles, which had to be the best brunch entree I've ever had.  OMG.  The chicken was seriously the best fried chicken ever.  It was so juicy and delicious.  Cocktails seem a little pricey, and they didn't refill my coffee.  But this has to be one of my new favorite brunch places in the city.  I can't give it 5 stars until I try out their dinner menu.I went here for my birthday based on a friend's recommendation. I have had my share of restaurant meals in Chicago, but this place absolutely stands out plus won't break the bank for a top-notch meal.My friend and I shared the sweetbreads with buffalo sauce snack, the foie gras appetizer, the duck meat loaf, an agnolotti special, the wild boar sloppy joe, the sundae, and the corn churros dessert. While I liked everything we ate, the heroes of the night were the sweetbreads, foie gras, and churros.Foie gras - prepared with an unreal pear puree and other fruits and served on a piece of waffle. This dish is in the category of best things I have ever eaten. The foie was incredibly smooth, I never knew pear puree could be such an exciting accompaniment, and the texture and taste of the waffle were perfect complements.Sweetbreads - tender, tasty, and served with a little spice in the sauce, a refreshing sour cream-type side, and some matching carrots.Corn churros - served with corn pudding and dulce the leche sauce. Not too sweet, creamy, and quite unique. My friend very much enjoyed his whiskey that the waiter recommended as well. I think Chicago can be very hit or miss when it comes to nice restaurants, and this place is a total gem. These guys entirely deserve their Michelin star and more.What can I say, I am a big fan of gastropubs.  Longman fits into that category with a leaning towards a gourmet restaurant foodwise.  They do not take reservations and are always extremely busy.  They have an extensive beer list and an exceptionally lengthy whiskey list.  It is a very laid back and unassuming ambiance.  I can tell that the owner's attempt to engender and encourage a laid back but very friendly and courteous feeling is well executed with the servers.  They also have a passion for the food and drink served at the restaurant.  This place is one of my favorite gastropubs.  And, I have been to many.  My two favorite dishes are the hamburger in which the meat is very flavorful and beefy tasting (many burgers are not surprisingly) not being overpowered by the bun or any condiments; and, the pork shank with crispy skin on the outside and moist and succulent meat on the inside.This is one of my favorite places to hang out at the bar as well because the bartenders and staff are fun and know their stuff.  Great ambiance as well.Note: I have only been here for brunch once, so this is based on that one experience.  We had a large party to L&E for brunch.  A lot of us had been there before, but it was my first time.  I was so excited!  The patio is gorgeous and perfect for a leisurely summer brunch.  Our service was fantastic.  They were friendly, informative, attentive.  Just great.  The coffee was also awesome.  I wish I had gotten the chicken and waffles.  That was the best dish we got, by far.  The eggs on some of the dishes were a little oily and almost rubbery.  The French toast was beautiful, but didn't pack a punch in the flavor department.  I had the duck hash, which my friends had raved about.  I had expected duck eggs and poached.  Maybe that was just my own misconception.  It was sunny side up chicken eggs though.  Cooked a little too hard, so they didn't run into my hash.  Bummer.  I like to mush my hash and eggs up and I like the richness of the egg mixed into the hash part.  The potatoes underneath were really salty.  So salty that two other people at the table who ordered the same dish didn't finish it.  They had an impressive cocktail list, but I had a hard time figuring some of them out.  They had ingredient lists and stories about them, but it was almost too much to decifer before coffee.  I ended up with a Bloody that was good, but not as inspiring as I am guessing some of the cocktails I missed out on may have been.  So, overall, A-OK.  I would probably go back to give it another try, but there are a lot of great brunches in town.We stopped in for a drink and stayed for dinner.  The cocktails we had were fabulous. Derek Alexander knows his drinks and spent a lot of time talking to us about what we liked and didn't and made us some great drinks. The food menu is pretty adventurous.  We had the pigtail, the lamb tartare and the sweet breads. All were fabulous and I would order again although I normally don't order foods like this. The couple next to us had burgers and I will go back for that.  In addition to great food and drinks, the service was awesome. The people were fun and they obviously love good food and drinks and that by itself makes for a great night.Had an awesome evening here hanging out with a friend who lives in Chicago.  Started off at the bar, I had the Longman Manhattan, which was nicely bitter with a touch of sweetness, and the boys I was with had whiskey shots chased with PBR in a can.  The drink prices are good.Then a table opened up, so we decided to stay for dinner.  The menu has a lot of locally sourced meats and produce, which is awesome in my book.  I started with the white asparagus and rhubarb salad, nice tang and crunch, followed up with the pork belly over ramps, a pea puree (I think...) and some other yum produce.  It was delicious, but very rich, as pork belly should be.  My companions got the marrow app, the burger, and something else I forget.  All of it was great.  Especially the marrow, which my boyfriend says prevented him from a hellacious hangover the next AM.  Who knows, but I guess some roasted stem cells can't hurt.The restaurant is quite loud, we sat in the back room.  The bar seemed quieter, which is a little odd.  I really liked the interior of the place, and the tables, chairs, and glasses.  There was some interesting prints on the wall, which I think are by a local artist whose studio is in the Logan Square neighborhood.  Bar service was great, table service was OK.  I'm giving 5 stars because of the interesting, locally driven, and tasty menu, good drink selection and price, and the fact that I just had a really wonderful night here.Holeman & Finch / Ace Hotel mash-up!Overall this place fails to impress me. I've had dinner here, and part of my chicken was not fully cooked. I've had brunch here. I liked their coffee and the crab benedict was delicious. I wouldn't mind trying to hang out here for drinks one evening, but I would not go out of my way for the food. Something about this place just makes me say "meh".I had a late lunch at the restaurant yesterday. They have a great selection of beer and whiskey, including one of my favorites Two Brothers Domaine DuPage. I had the Wild Boar Sloppy Joe which was phenomenal with leaves of sage making a perfect complement to the rest of the sandwich. I tried my friend's Pork Belly BLT. It was good but not as exceptional as my sandwich. Good atmosphere and friendly service make it a restaurant worth checking out.I make it a point to come here at least 4 times a year now. I love showing this place to friends and family who visit. The food is always on point. the service is always seamless. Looking forward to going back again, and again.A++++  I know I'm just repeating what everyone else said, but this place is really great.  The atmosphere is very laidback and the food is outstanding.  Extensive beer, wine and whiskey list to please all drinkers.  Kobe meatball and rabbit pate apps were great, as were the Kobe burger and veal entree.  We ran into some friends right after we ordered and they gladly changed our table of two to a table of four.  Service was friendly and fast.  My only complaint is that they ran out of sweetbreads.Yeah, it's good.  Cocktails are excellent.  Yes, it's crowded.  Feels like folks from Lakeview and Lincoln Park - this isn't meant as a compliment.  Actually, the only draw back is that NONE of the neighborhoods diversity was represented in the places menus or the clientele.i appreciate what longman and eagle does - local/seasonal food - but i think it's a little over-rated. i went for lunch and had the pork belly blt. it was pretty fatty tasting - perhaps that's the way it's supposed to be. but i typically love pork belly and felt like this was over the top. i did love the tomato jam though.i just don't really enjoy service that seems to be intentionally too cool. the atmosphere is pretty good but the two times i've been i left smelling like a hamburger.i'm just trying to understand why it l&e got a michelin star. i'll have to go back and try a few other things to really get it i guess.hope this review doesn't end up on a postcard!I finally had dinner here, and wow! did they do themselves proud! First of all, our party of four was seated immediately (Wednesday evening). Then the dishes we ordered and shared -- there were a lot of them --  ranged from very good to out-of-this-world. The pretzel welsh rarebit was fun but not that unusual, rather like surprisingly good ballpark food. The roasted marrow bones were a split opinion at our table; everyone liked them (I loved them!) but two people preferred the similar dish at Au Cheval. The squab, the pot au feu, and *especially* the scallop dish were extraordinary. Four different desserts were passed around. They had two things in common: they were huge and they were fantastic. The meal was delicious, but it was better than that; it was also exciting, surprising, and really interesting. The previous night we had dined at Blackbird (out-of-town relative we were showing off to) where the meal, while good, was dull. Longman & Eagle, on the other hand, knocked it out of the park. Two days later and we are still discussing the food -- that's the mark of an exciting place to eat.Brunch 12/15/12 ---so good we had to come back for---Dinner 12/19/12! (so this will be a bit long)From the restaurant website: "Despite his love for the luxury products that are featured on his menus, Wentworth believes dining should be affordable and have price points that draw a large and varied clientele." AGREED and well done, sir!I previously walked out of Longman & Eagle when confronted with a 2 hour wait---but as friends had recommended it, I knew I would be back.  Would it be worth a 2 hour wait?  hmmm...almost...and that is saying a lot because as a rule I think 45 minutes to an hour is about how long I am willing to humor any restaurant in the city of Chicago with my waiting.  I just can't do longer---it ruins the food later.  sorry...ranty.  To the food:Brunch with friends on 12/15/12--We had wild boar sloppy joe, chicken & waffles, and some duck dish with a duck egg on it.  I tried them all and they were all awesome.  Seriously fantastic!  I can't think of a thing I would change---and I usually can.  The portions were generous but not too huge.  I ate the entire duck dish and the last couple bites were not about hunger but about taste.  I would not have had room for a dessert but we did ask to see if they had a menu.  They do not serve dessert during brunch yet---but the server said they probably will soon.  So that is a reason to return.Brunch--the drinks: BEST bloody mary in the city of Chicago and really the best one I have had out in forever.  seriously tasty.  With our brunch we had beermosas---just like it sounds beer & juice.  Super good.  Having lived in germany for awhile, I have long been a fan of the beer & juice combo.  Can America embrace the bananaweizen, please?!  Dinner 12/19/12---Longman & Eagle saves the night!  My friends and I were out at a fancy dinner---you know super pricey tiny portions.  Wasn't what we were expecting (should have checked yelp and didn't have time!)---about a third of the way through our tasting we were having a good time laughing at ourselves and the place (thank you wine pairing!) AND we were talking about how good L&E was and how we should have just gone there.  About 2/3rds through we knew we were going to be hungry when we left there, so L&E it was!We ordered pretzel and cheese selection plus wild boar again (it is that good) and a burger.  Food was yummy, price was reasonable, portions were good (we took food home this time because of the fancy pants pre-dinner).This place totally lives up to all of the hype!  I have to say, this was one of the best meals that I've had in a long time.  The catfish, collards and grits were amazing.  My friend's pork belly was amazing (which I typically dont like, but they do it right).  The whiskey selection can be a little intimidating, but our server did a great job of guiding us.  We experienced one little glitch... our cheese plate took a bit long to arrive and our entrees arrived before one of our starters.  But for a week old restaurant, I can overlook it.  All in all, we had a fabulous night.  Great staff, cool spot, delicious food.  Cant wait to see the inn upstairs when it opens.  Thanks Longman & Eagle!Went here on my birthday with my husband. We had a great time. The amuse was something raw like tartare, so I gave it to my hubby, who enjoyed it. We ordered some starters, I had the warm bacon vinegarette salad with beets. It was decent but I guess I'm not a fan of warm thick dressings, I like them more noticeable and not so smoky. For entrees I had the sausages with kraut and the watercress salad (such a huge plate, I had to take some home!) My husband had the veal and loved it. Oh and we also split the oxtail with scallops-delish!! We will be back and love that this place is walking distance from our condo. Kudos to the owners and chef!!It took us a while to get a seat but to be fair we were a six top and it was 11:30 on  a rainy Sunday so I can't really hold it against them. Also, the wait gave me a chance to sit at the bar and enjoy a fantastic Bloody Mary. I don't know if living in China for so long as made me easily impressed or if this was particularly good cocktail but I loved it. My meal, on the other hand, just so-so. I went with the biscuits and gravy and while it was good I felt my biscuits were over cooked, a bit too crisp throughout. The sausage gravy was perfect, big chunks of sweet and smoky breakfast sausage swimming in a creamy gravy, they need to step their biscuit game up thought. The two other guys at the table also went with the b&g and felt the same as I did. Two of the ladies had omelets, asparagus and ceso blanco, they looked fine but neither raved. The other gal went with the french toast with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and watching her eat from across the table she looked like she was in heaven. From the first bite she had this "kid in a candy store" grin across her face that didn't leave until the last crumb was cleaned from her plate. I think she liked it. I want to try the place again, maybe lunch or dinner and see if more typical pub faire is more up their alley. With all the other places nearby I can't exactly recommend them for brunch, other meals we shall see.I keep going expecting it to be better, but it's just not happening for me.It's hard to decouple the experience from the fact that it got a Michelin star.  A Michelin star, for better or worse, is a highly prestigious restaurant award.  By earning a Michelin star, L&E is lumped in with some of Chicago's best restaurants (e.g. Blackbird, Everest, Naha, and Schwa).  If you've ever been to one of those places, L&E is simply nowhere near that caliber of restaurant.  The food is standard new American gastropub food.  Lots of pork, new incarnations of classics (wild board sloppy joe), charcuterie, and lots of whiskey.   At first glance, I love many restaurants doing similar things, so I did my best to compare L&E to others in the category rather than the lofty expectations thrust upon them by Michelin, but even then they just didn't live up.  The food ranged from OK to good, nothing great nothing terrible.  They're just not being terribly inventive or doing anything memorable.  Sweetbreads, foie gras, pork cheek, short ribs, tell me there aren't a dozen places serving those same dishes every night.  When I walk into a gastropub I'm looking for a little creativity, a new flavor combination, unique textural contrasts.  L&E does a nice job using fresh ingredients and preparing them competently, but expectations are a bitch, and they're just not at a premiere level.Let me add that I've experienced some strange service issues.  Not normal stuff like the server didn't bring my water or they overcooked the burger.  Stuff like pressuring us not to order more food, basically telling us they didn't want to seat a group of 7 because it messes up their flow of tables, not offering any help at all (the server should know what barrel strength is) when ordering from their impressively vast selection of bourbons.  These aren't deal breakers, but they didn't make me like the place more.In the end, I've given them more chances than I give a lot places.  It's very popular, hip, well reviewed, all that stuff, but it just didn't work for me.  I'd go back with a friend who really wants to go, but it would never be my idea.this is a charming restaurant with a menu and prices comparable to lula's. we ordered a butternut squash appetizer and a seafood dish with a truly incredible sauce (the truffle oil made it), but the most impressive course by far was the gruyere/goat cheese donut dessert. fresh donuts and fried cheese: two of the best things in the world combined with a sweet (but not sickening sweet) sauce- brilliant! the beer and wine selection is impressive, though hardly pretentious (you can order anything from a delirium tremens to a $2 pbr). my only complaints: 1) the portions were a bit on the small side, so we spent a bit more than we wanted to. 2) there weren't many vegetarian options (we're fair weather vegetarians who sometimes eat fish when we're really hungry and options are few.) i think next time we'll just order sandwiches.While the food does live up to the hype, it is NOT worth the ridiculous wait they have most weekends. The deal-breaker though is the service. Do they train their staff to act annoyed and pretentious? And then the girl couldn't even answer a question and had to go to the back to ask someone else. I have no problem with someone being new and not knowing everything about the food (and in particular the whiskey) which was the question my friend had, but with the way she had acted during our initial look-over of the menu was almost enough to make us leave. There are many good places to get food in logan square, you don't need to put up with that kind of garbage just to get a good meal!!Brilliant! Tasty! I can't wait to sample the entire menu. Loved the ambiance, the music on the jukebox, the service, the beer selection and - most of all - the food. I was also dazzled by the wall of bourbon selections. This place is great.Wow!  This place is awesome!  We went there on a Saturday afternoon around 4.  It was just beginning to get busy.  We sat down at the 2 top right next to the door, and ordered a couple of beers (Leffe and St Ambroise Oatmeal Stout).  Their predinner food menu was limited, but we ordered the olives and the rabbit pate with homeade giardinara.  Both of these items were very tasty.  After another round of beers, there was a shift change, so we closed out with our server.  Unfortunately there was some confusion and our new server didn't attend to us, so I had to talk to our previous server.  She apologized and had the manager take care of us (she sent over free shots of bourbon).  Nice!  My girlfriend doesn't drink bourbon, so more for me!      New server was very pleasant and took care of us immediately when she was made aware of our situation.  We then ordered the Kobe meatballs with polenta and the fried clam bellies with brioche and a slaw remoulade.   Those clams were some of the tastiest bites I've eaten in a while.  You have to try this if you go here.  The flavors combined perfectly.  And the meatballs were pretty good.  They were a little overcooked, but the polenta was some of the creamiest, tastiest I've ever had.   We're definitely going back soon.  But I'm guessing this place is going to get hot real quick.  So check it out before it gets out of control.  Lastly, the prices are very reasonable, especially the food.  Most of their appetizers are under $10 and most of the entrees are under $25.I will keep it brief. I love my neighborhood and I want to support any independently owned business in it but I will not do this blindly. But when you feel like a restaurant is really working hard to do it right, you can't help but fall in love with it. Ths place simply gets it. From the design to the menu to the service, we just really felt like this was a place that really cares. We ordered lightly and cautiously but everything we had was creative and perfectly done and we will back to try everything. The staff was warm and humble. Bravo!I love this place...but as a bar more than a restaurant.  Definitely 5 stars for the amazing drink list including delicious cocktails and my fav whiskey, Michter's, great easy going service, and the fact that I sat next to Rahm Emanuel! here a couple of months ago. (I was too chicken to bother him during his meal, but it didn't stop me from staring).I love to go here with groups of friends or on a date, but lately I haven't been wowed by the food.  Since I'm drinking I will probably order some pate or a small plate of meatballs just so I don't fall off my nike on the way home, but I've been leery ever since I ordered the scallop with oxtail, and could not finish it due to oversalting and an unappealing richness and lack of balance.  These are two of my favorite foods and I felt let down.  boo.Still, this is one of my favorite places in Chicago, especially to sit at the bar and admire the awesome ambiance!To preface this, it probably it not really 1 star. If I knew nothing about the place, I'd give it 2 or 3. Seeing how it has a Michelin star and everyone raves about it, this was one of the most disappointing experiences in my dining history. We caught it on a Tuesday relatively late, so there was no wait, which is nice. The wine list is less than stellar -- the place focuses on beers and bourbons, which should have been a red flag for us to begin with. We had tough time choosing what to order: everything seemed covered in butter, sugar and cream. I'm not some celery-obsessed crazy person, but I don't want my dinner to be 3,000 calories either... We had 2 appetisers and 2 entrees. They weren't bad, but they were not great either. Simply average.The place had no privacy. I was literally bumping elbows with a girl at a table next to us the whole time. We were in the back room, and a couple other parties arrived half-way through our meal. Sweatpants and baseball hats sideways kind of crowd. As they settled in, the noise level became pretty much unbearable. I wanted to try dessert, but figured out we'll just cut our loses and call it a night. If this is your neighborhood hang-out, that's great, by all means go there and pig out. However, it's certainly not worth the drive to get there from the center of the city.Had a drink at the back bar...great space.  Their bone marrow is the best I've had.Tartar with quail egg and horseradish foam...bright, fresh, gorgeous.Their foi gras preparation is outstanding and left nothing to be desired.Waitress was well informed and non intrusive.I god damned love this place!The food was great but the space was a little tight.Definitely another one of those places to try.  I have not had any of the food here, though I have heard that it is quite good but a bit pricy. The drinks are good and the Yuzu Hot Toddy is the perfect drink for those cold Chicago winter days.DH and I arrived for an early dinner, and enjoyed watching the restaurant fill in around us. They have Unibroue, with Maudite on tap. Mmmm. Kobe meatballs with polenta, the wild boar sloppy joe, and the roasted cauliflower dish were all made with evident care, and consumed with relish. It's the coziest, friendliest place I can think of in Chicago. I can't wait to go back and try some whisky.p.s. don't miss out on the bread pudding. so. good.Came highly recommended by a friend so my wife & I & 2 other friends went early on a Saturday night to try to beat a long wait & try it out.  Parking's a pain in the ass in that area & after 20 minutes we found a spot 4 blocks away.  Got there & were told they were at capacity & the wait would be about 90 min.  I had heard good things & figured it would be busy so we planned on having some beers at the bar.  We started to make our way to the bar & were told we had to leave the building because they meant the building was at capacity.  They suggested we try to find somewhere else in the area to hang out & they would call us in an hour & a half or so (same deal for 2 other groups that showed up when we did)....seriously?If you're busy enough to fill your space to "fire code danger capacity" & have people willing to wait 90 minutes for a table I think you can start taking reservations (no rez's for parties less than 6) rather than turning your customers away or sending them elsewhere to wait.  I've got better shit to do rather than gamble on a chance at this place.  Their success will be their downfall.I have eaten at L & E four times. Overall the experiences have been good, but not excellent. I think the menu is interesting and innovative and the space is beautiful, but I think they take themselves a bit too seriously for what they truly offer. Because of that, they can really disappoint sometimes - at least they did for me.I have a few complaints about my most recent visit. My husband and I arrived about 15 minutes early for our reservation and were asked to wait at the bar for the other two members of our party. We each ordered one of their specialty cocktails - last time our cocktails were very good. The bartender began to put together our drinks but couldn't find the flavored simple syrups needed to make them. She asked another bartender if he had made them. Nope. She looked around a bit more and asked another employee. He said that she would have to make them. Then she proceeded to finish our specialty drinks, clearly without all of their ingredients, but said nothing. We were bummed and the drinks were not very interesting without the unique syrups.Once our friends arrived and we were seated, we picked two apps to share for the table and ordered more drinks. We were really looking forward to a leisurely dinner with our friends and lots of food and wine. Our server politely told us that they only took complete orders (no apps on their own) so that the kitchen could time everything perfectly for us. Okay, no problem. We like perfect timing! Well, we did not receive our apps first. And our server could not have missed the issue, but said nothing as he stood over us while our salads were delivered. The salads were followed by our apps about 5 minutes later, followed by our entrees about 5 minutes after that. We all had a good laugh about the "timing" thing, but overall were disappointed with the service and felt rushed to get through our meal. Of all the "rules" at a restaurant, I think the "order all at once" rule is only reasonable if the restaurant can make it work correctly. And if it fails, they should definitely say something.I've been frequenting Longman & Eagle for quite some time now, and the food has always been consistently fantastic. However, I've noticed quite a decline in the service over my past three visits, and I hope the trend does not continue. A few friends and I went there last night for dinner. At first, things seemed okay, we all had ordered drinks, and two out of three arrived within moments of ordering. There was a delay in one drink, but it was an unusual cocktail and our server explained that there was a backup at the bar, which is understandable, but the 15-20 minute wait for the drink to come out after our server had apologized is not.After my friend received her drink, more problems began. We placed our starter and entree orders.Our first appetizer, the mallard pate, came out at a timely manner after the amuse. The second appetizer, the duck rillettes, did not come out at all, however. Our food runner, 20+ minutes later then brought out two correct entrees, and a pork cheek small plate which was actually supposed to be a pork shank entree. She apologized for the lack of rillettes and for the pork cheek. I in no way was being difficult about the slow timing, or the missing and miscommunicated orders, but our server came back to the table with a clearly unhappy expression, and almost angry tone of voice saying "You wanted the shank? Because you ordered the pork cheek. Just checking".In the event that it was my fault, and it wasn't a miscommunication, which I assumed it was, (and immediately forgave it, assuming it was just a miscommunication) because it could be hard to hear the difference between cheek and shank, you do not correct a client, especially in the manner that she did, especially to one that's not even giving a hard time about the mishap.The FOH manager came to our table and apologized for the misunderstanding, and comp'd the duck rillettes, which was nice. The evening also seemed to improve after we had finished our entrees. Dessert came out on time, and our server had returned to the attentive, helpful server attitude she had when she began to serve our table.All in all, Longman & Eagle is still a great place to go, and I still will recommend this place to friends, but I sincerely hope that the service improves back to the level that it once was.Wild boar sloppy joe's are amazing, but this place is way too trendy and crowded to be worth the fight.Had the burger and was deeeelish, but i give it three stars because I'm not too sure it was worth the 2.5 hour wait. Got there at 7:40 and we got seated at 10. Plus, the kitchen is in the middle of the restaurant - as u walk in you get hit with burger smelling smoke. I like burgers but don't want to smell like one.Best brunch ever! I had the crab cake Benedict and it was amazing! Would highly recommend making the trip out to Logan Square.Named in homage to a SR22 insurance company television commercial mascot, this establishment features chill food and delicious atmosphere; it's like Montmartre meets Portland in Lil' San Juan. My only problem: when do I get to come back? No, seriously, when will that restraining order be lifted? I luv you, Longman & Eagle! Lay an egg on my car hood before the locals steal my car battery!The food is definitely five star worthy, but I give it a 4 star because of the hostess and lack of reservations. The dinner menu is out of this world and worth every penny. Delish! I have been to Longman & Eagle about 12 plus times and the brunch and dinner menu never disappoint. Quality food. I have a major sweet tooth and have the dessert every time, but for some reason the desserts don't impress me. The main courses on the other hand make up for the desserts. RESERVATIONS. They don't take any. This is problematic. The reason it is problematic is because the hostess is unable to give an accurate estimate of the wait time. I get that it is hard to estimate table turnover times, but when you are told 45 minutes and it turns into 2 hours I have a problem. One of these times the hostess sent over a complimentary cheese plate and frog legs for us to enjoy when we were seated at our table, but this would have been a nice gesture to do when we were waiting for our table for 2+ hours. This has not stopped me from coming back because I haven't dined when they have been swamped, but it is a huge turn off. I would recommend that they make the 'back room' a reservation room and keep the front and outside for walk-ins.The overall aesthetic, from the space to the staff, says "I don't have a job", but the price point says "I work in an office."  I guess you could say that about a lot of Logan Square these days, but L&E somehow seems like it's pulling off one of the more egregious hipster dick-waggles of high-end low culture.That said, they're improving every time I come around.  The cocktails are ace, and the bartenders know what they're doing - ask about some off-menu whiskey cocktails for a treat.  I've been blown away by a couple dishes (venison breast over chanterelle and lobster, prawns and grits) and a couple left me flat (pork shank, appetizer combo). I'd recommend going with a few small plates,  which seems to be where L&E shines.  Don't expect to get a table easily on any night, and don't count on the bar to have any seats, or even space to order a cocktail.  The patio's great, so long as you're upwind of the truly toxic pork-and-whiskey rot of the alley dumpsters, which may eventually establish L&E as an EPA Superfund site.  Most nights, you'll run into your typical blue-line yupster crowd, but you'll also run into Chad and Trixie who, faced with a majestic wall of interesting whiskey, order High Life.  But that's what a GQ write-up will do for you.  Three stars, docked for inconsistency and overcrowding.  Sometimes it's really hot when we hook up, other times, it's best to just let that call go to voicemail.The best food in Logan Square. Excellent for breakfast and dinner. Long waits, but worth it. Friendly service every time I've been.We enjoyed our cocktails and the food, but wasn't wowed by the place, which we thought we'd be given it has a Michelin star.  The mussels with chirizo were the best part of the meal, followed by the churro dessert.  Our entrees were OK.  Surprisingly busy on the summer Thursday night we went (8/2) and seemed like a longer wait than we were told.  Outdoor seating was ample, which worked out for us as it wasn't a sweltering day (finally!).  Wouldn't rush back, but was a good experience.Just had brunch here today. The biscuits and gravy alone earn them 4 stars. My hash and husbands special chorizo dish were both really good. But we shared the biscuits and they were amazing. I think I need to give them a shot at dinner but I'm on the fence about driving that far for dinner there.Great spot. Very detailed drink menu. Friendly staff. Only there for drinks. Lots of whiskey! Will go back to try the foodhot mama, i had brunch at longman & eagle a while back, and it was kick-my-pants off delicious!  chicken and waffles.  prawns and grits.  southern comfort food, served with some vintage attitude.  a few small concerns:  shrimp and grits were lukewarm.  no problem, still delicious.  next time, i expect to be back in the dead of winter, when i will need my food to be piping hot in order to defrost.  second, perhaps a bit more attention to detail?  the restaurant was busy, and my server let me know it.  i had to request a coffee refill.  we tracked the waiter down to order.  i hid my prawn heads in my napkin (after sucking them clean) instead of having a designated place to put them.  minor details, but these are the types of things that differentiates food from an experience.  i saw peeks of that definitive charm -- the namesake letter motif in the bathroom, for one.  no questions, i'm definitely going to be back for the food, L&E -- but next time, i'm also looking to be a bit dazzled by the atmosphere, by the charm.  i'm hopeful.I was disappointed by my experience here, but hey, let's start with the positives.First of all, I really liked the decor. Gray is one of my all-time favorite colors, so I was totally down with that. And I'm always excited about cloth napkins and arrows in jars. Also, I'm kind of a hipster-phile. I'm not hip, but I really enjoy surrounding myself with tons of hipsters (hence being an English major). I definitely got my fill of them at L&E, but I would expect nothing less from a brunch place in Logan Square that serves a PBR breakfast. All in all, good scenery.However, I was not so pleased with the food. I ordered the Tete de Cochon Egg Sandwich, and it was alright except for the grease. You could have seen through my napkin from all the grease that I wiped on it. I have never experienced anything like it, and I've eaten some greasygreasy pizza. The sandwich came with a potato terrine which I think had some form of duck fat or meat in it.. That made me sad because I don't like duck. However, if you like grease or duck, you should order this meal; you would love it.My final comment is in regards to service. In a restaurant where there was no wait to be seated and probably 3 parties besides my own dining, my coffee was refilled once. I was most disappointed by this. Coffee and brunch should cohabitate. They didn't. Booo-urns.Not at all as good as I've heard.  While the appetizers were a bright spot, they weren't anything special.  Out of the 4 of us, only 1 of us thought our entree was outstanding (the bone marrow).  I had a burger.  It was good, but it was a burger.  Definitely not worth a trip to Logan Sq.The beer list is fantastic, so if you are in the neighborhood, stop by for a drink, but definitely don't make this a destination spot.I was celebrating a work success so I took my amazing f'n girlfriend there to celebrate.  We ate and drank like royalty.  Every course was on par with the recent Michelin star rating...  I can't imagine a better celebratory dinner with the spirits, ambiance, and company that make a working class schmuck like me feel like the king of the world... we have since dined at other "Michelin Star restaurants," and have not since had a meal so memorable, besides Schwa.  Yes, kids, that's a compliment.   Cheers!I had to experience the Michelin star restaurant in my neighborhood again since I had not been there in a while. I know that they do not take reservations, but it seemed as though the greeters had no control of the floor. The were consistantly rubber necking to the availability of tables. I was seated after being shown to an out of control bar at a table that was literally 4 inches from my table. They seemed to be just as annoyed with me sitting there as I was with sitting next to them. I brought a book, but I forgot how dark, they keep it in there so I read a book on iBooks as I waited for dinner. The meal was decent. It did not blow me away, but it was good with a simple presentation. I think that I was distracted by the conversation of the guests who were dining next to me. I would go back, but only for the hipster area with my hipster friends.Went here with my friend a few weeks ago.  We liked it.  First of all, sort of like Freeman's or Dressler in NYC which made me happy.  We didn't like the pretzel welsh warebit (like a cheese pate...odd texture).  The Gnudo (fried cheese balls) were yummy.  Also loved my pork belly entree, and my companion liked her tuna.  It was reasonable priced (around $35 each) which I appreciated.  Would return.food: 18decor: 16service: 15cost: 20overall: $35-50Zero to nine means poor to fair; 10 to 15 means fair to good; 16 to 19 means good to very good; 20 to 25 means very good to excellent; and 26 to 30 means excellent to perfection.  Cost is a reflection of diner and 1 drink.Maybe the best breakfast in Chicago!  Also the best example of a European influenced gastropub in Chicago.  Yummy food, both comfortable and creative.  Really good service.  This is a sharp operation - don't be deceived by the relaxed dress and surroundings.We have toddlers, and Longman & Eagle has high chairs.  Surprisingly kid friendly for a "pub"!Pot au Feu was cold.  Meat was chewy.  Had to hunt down server multiple times to order, and get condiments.  Burger was decent, but doesn't compare with Revolution Brewing or Kuma's.  Pork chop was on point.  Nice atmosphere and whiskeys.  I'm not sure how this place gets so much hype, they must have some real connections around town.I was not in a good mood. I had over done it on the Strawberry Fanta and Vodka the night before, I had spent the day doing expense reports and it was raining outside like some sort of dark, dark Scandinavian movie set. Still, a promise is a promise and I was bound and determined to hike up to the much praised Longman &Eagle to meet Auntie Fab and Baby Fab for what was promised to be an extraordinary dining experience... When we arrived at the late late hour of 5:30 it was packed, worse the hostess predicted a 90 minute wait. Experiencing cognizant dissonance as a result of my previous indescretions, I lurched to the bar with my girls and waited for an open place to sit. The Gods were with us and soon, my surly behind was planted and I was perusing a carefully crafted drink list. Small whine here, I know vodka is not cool, its not fashionable, but oh please please have at least one vodka drink for crap folks like me!  But I digress, my girls ordered delicious craft beer and I ordered a bourbon drink with ginger beer and bitters that was strong and perfect. Far from the expected 90 minute wait, we were seated in less than an hour in the back room. I love this place, Its rustic and cool and not over done, the server is already making points by being prompt, clear about ordering procedure ( you order everything at once) Stop - I am a sucker for a small plate. I swoon at appetizers. I have rarely in my life experienced such a serious procession of delicious savory, perfectly structured plates. Beef Marrow bones, cooked with a picked red onion jammy goodness and NOT burned bread *swoon*  Meatballs with a pesto and red sauce and polenta, braised pork belly was a miracle of layered flavor that frankly blew me away. For dinner I carried on with the small plates and had the pea agnolotti. Auntie Fab had the Tower of soft shell crabs and Baby Fab had the infamous sloppy Joe ( the fries OMG the fries!!!!!)   My only sore spot that whisks away the 5 stars was my agnolotti,  it was gummy and oddly flavorless. But desert ,  a chocolate tart with bourbon tapioca and who knows what else... Good Heavens these folks know how to make a meal an experience.  We shall be back - next time - sweet breads!Finally made it across the street to Longman & Eagle. The set up is much the same as the previous tenant, the Four Winds but, where as Winds was very chill, this place is just too crowded for that adjective I will say the paint and decor certainly improved the place. For drinks we had beers and the Yuzu Toddy which was delicious, and all were pretty standard price wise. We also had the Kobe Meatballs and Welsh Rarebit . The balls were very rich so, the small portion size suited us perfectly - they really nailed this dish. My only complaint was from my sore bum from sitting on the backless, wooden seated stools at the bar - ouch! Felt like I was sitting on plywood!Maybe this place is good. They had lots of beers on draft, so that's something... BUT i ordered some fancy meatballs and they weren't so much fancy as they were few, small, and overpriced. These "kobe" meatballs, were nothing special, certainly not made of kobe beef, the beef that is legendary in the hills of japan because the heffers are fed beer and given massages... oh no, this wasn't that kind of beef. These meatballs were a disappointment. There were only three served for the appetizer, and each was about the size of a marble. EXCUSE ME!!!!! Is there a ground beef shortage!!!!  That was probably $0.05 cents of beef! I paid $15. WHAT THE HECK GUYS come on!Hands against the wall, slightly bent over delicious.  Get the tuna.  Go quickly b/c they change their menu.  If you follow this advice, you will have eaten one of the best meals of your life.House Marinated Olives were the only thing I liked, other than my imported mexican coca-cola. The Roasted Marrow Bones, Red Onion Jam, Sea Salt, Sourdough Crostinis was aight. Also had the rabbit and my friend had the steak and eggs, hell to the naw. That shit cray. Food, no. Drinks, yes. I love martinis and theirs was pretty darn good.Located in Chicago's Logan Square, Longman & Eagle is a restaurant/lounge that attracts all sorts of hipsters and other cool cats. Judging from the casual decor and bar-like atmosphere of this place, you wouldn't think that they would have a Michelin star, but they do. And when you taste their food you realize why. Inventive, playful, and just downright delicious, Longman & Eagle feels like a neighborhood bar that somehow kidnapped the executive chef of a nearby gourmet restaurant. Their actual chef is Chef Jared Wentworth, though I have yet to confirm if he's being held there against his will. To describe this place as "popular" would be an understatement. They don't take reservations, but if you put your name down, I can almost promise you that however long you wait will be worth it. An hour, two hours, heck, they could stick you in the closet for a week and it'd still be worth it. To give you an idea of what kind of place this is, when they bring out the check, they also include a postcard featuring their favorite review from Yelp:"OK. First things first! It's dark, gloomy, and noisy? Who wants to eat in that kind of atmosphere. Second. Who eats that kind of food? Bone marrow and wild boar? Yucky! Yeah this place is just not the kind of place for me. It seems just so awkward..."Yes to everything the reviewer said, but to the exact opposite conclusion. I don't know if it's the food or the atmosphere or the sack of gold that the chef slipped me after the meal, but this is honestly one of my new favorite restaurants ever.Excellent food, great beer and whiskey selection.  Try the beef marrow.  Holy yum.I have yet to try a dish there that isn't fantastic.The wait is a bit rough if you're hoping to get seated during the diner hour.  Try to get there just around 6 or later in the evening.Went here on a date (money being no object) we sampled a large portion of the drink and dinner menu.  Drinks were okay (it's no Aviary, or even Elixer), and the food left me underwhelmed (definitely prefer Gilt, or Avec).  Overpriced, underwhelming, crowded for no good reason (I feel like it's one of those places you go, just to say you went and then speak highly of it because you think you should).  One-time experience, I'd go somewhere else.My new favorite restaurant!  The food is amazing, the cocktails are great (I don't even like whiskey!). I did slightly feel like I needed a mustache to enter the place, but it was so good! And I have dreams of the homemade plum jam that comes with the creme brulee! Can't wait to go again this week!Longman & Eagle is always awesome...go for a relaxing brunch with some seriously good flavors, or for a more intense food experience at dinner. Although both outside and in are very cool spaces, in my book Longman's patio is worth a one-star bonus. The wait can be a little hefty, but this isn't a bad place to wait around for a table (and you can always go down the street for a drink while you wait if the bar here is full). I have never had anything here (meat, game, organs, eggs, vegetables, starches) that hasn't been perfectly cooked, and everything is full of flavor. This is a really fun place to eat some adventurous, high-quality food in a more laid-back atmosphere than other establishments with this type of culinary quality. Wicked good sweetbreads.I went here last week  with a friend of mine and this place was awesome! It feels laid back and the staff was really nice. I tryed the Seared Maine scallop, braised oxtails, potato gnocchi, fontina fonduta which was great I think one of my favorites out of everything I tryed. I also had Sunnyside-up duck egg, beef tongue hash with black truffle vinaigrette, that was also really good its egg, meat and potatoe so that can never go wrong :) , Smoked sweetbreads, salsify, roasted beet, brown butter applesauce, also Bouillabaisse market shell and finfish, saffron-infused lobster broth, rouille and then the Wild boar sloppy Joe with crispy sage, onion and pickled jalapeño. I also tryed baby veil brain which i must say was interesting but very good, it had the consistency of like a soft cream cheese.  I would recommend anyone to go here and perhaps try something new.I eat here sometimes.A real treasure in this neighborhood! An eclectic mix of people and food, customers and staff. A fun laid back crowd - this logan square hot spot shows that the neighborhood has a lot to offer and is becoming what Uptown could have been. Very fairly priced, the menu has many selections from venison comparable to Blackbirds and drinks made by mixologist as talented as anywhere else in the city. Expect a worthwhile wait and they even serve till 1AM. More of a 2 top spot but the back room does accept larger parties. I am told they will be opening a cute little boutique 7 room hotel upstairs as well. Parking is a little tough as many of the side streets are permit but the logan square blue line stop is only steps away. Coming upon their year anniversary expect this place to stay on the map for some time.My boyfriend and I live in Logan Square and we've been wanting to try L&E for awhile.  We were pleasantly surprised when the wait was only about 45 minutes on Thursday night.  The hostess offered to call me on my cell phone when our table was ready.  So while we waited we had a drink at the tapas restaurant next door.We were wowed by the food!  Everything was simply delicious.  We ordered the marrow bones and the foie gras as our appetizers, the duck and the fluke as our entrees and the chocolate torte (so good I closed my eyes to give it my full attention)  and bread pudding (very, very sweet)  for dessert.  Each dish was bursting with flavor and we left with full bellies and plans to visit again soon.  A week and a half later we had a friend in town and we thought we'd try out L&E for breakfast.  We got there at about 10:20 and waited about 30 minutes for our table.  While we waited we had the most amazing Bloody Marys.  They are served in large glasses and are garnished with a cube of cheddar and a gherkin.  The cheddar was sharp and delicious.  Our server was very helpful and gave us a few suggestions.  We followed his suggestions and were so glad we did.  We had the crab eggs benedict, the ham steak and cheese grits and the duck egg hash.  It was amazing.  We especially enjoyed the eggs that were served with our meals which were rich, creamy and cooked to perfection.  We again left with full bellies and smiles on our faces.My wife was very pregnant and today was our anniversary so I wanted to order take out from a nice place.  This bar claimed they do accept take out but when I tried calling the number I just got an answering machine that then hung up.  Needless to say this isn't very good customer service.  If they don't make take out available they should update their yelp section.  As for tonight, I will look at other optionsHowever if you can actually get a seat at this place the food is above average.  Not the best but definitely worth trying once.I had not ventured to Logan Square and heard a lot  a good things about Longman & Eagle so great excuse to check out another neighborhood.   The restaurants exterior is pretty unassuming as is the surrounding buildings and area. I was a little apprehensive because I really had no idea what we were in for. The hostesses were immediately attentive and informed us that there would be a 10 minute wait. We were able to get stools at the bar , where the mixologist wasted no time to acknowledge us and provide the extensive cocktail & whiskey list. He asked us what we were in the mood for , I basically said something with a white tequila that is summery and effervescent. I didn't hear what my partner said but I ended up with a drink called "The Order of the Red Eagle"made with Blanco Tequila, R&W Orchard Pear, Fresh Lime, Peychauds, Ginger Beer and my partner received "The Avalon" which is a rum based drink with an orange rind in the glass I  can't remember the rest of the ingredients. However what I can tell you is that the drinks were expertly prepared and  an explosion of flavor and refreshment , we were truly cocktail-ing! At this point pleasantly imbibing ,I took a look around the the restaurant to check out the scene. it's mostly 20-30 something's crowd but very chill and easy going, seems like  a lot of neighborhood folks. The restaurant decor is mostly all wooden motifs and it almost felt reminiscent of an urban saloon but definitely with a huge helping of understated sophistication. Our hostess brought us out to a patio table. At this point the sun had set.The patio is warmly lit and they burn lovely incense, which created a nice relaxed vibe and it felt intimate. For appetizers we order the "House Marinated Olives" and the "Slagel Family Farms Meatballs"made with Creamy polenta, parsley pesto, fonduta. The olives were perfectly flavorful but the meatballs and that polenta was every reason to abuse the cardinal sin of gluttony. The meatballs were tender and the creaminess and flavor of the fonduta was just indulgent in an excellent way. For an entree' I had the Pan Roasted Walleye (maine lobster, potato gnocchi, radish, carrot, salt roasted beets, foraged mushrooms, warm porcini vinaigrette) and my partner had the Wild Boar Sloppy Joe. The flavor for my entree is only matched by it's presentation. It was so tender saucy and delicious. My partners Sloppy Joe was made with fall apart delicious pork and crunchy yummy fries. The server was very attentive and because of that had several more "Order of the Eagle". We never felt rushed or ignored and hanging out in the patio was so relaxing and Logan Square really comes alive in the dark therefore the people watching is fun. I cannot wait to return to "Longman & Eagle" I truly loved its unassuming unpretentious sophistication and amazing cocktails and food.The food is 5 star, the snobby servers, staff, and clientele really take away from the meal. Brunch is pretentious but delicious. Cocktails are top notch. The food makes the atmosphere tolerable, but I definitely feel uncool here.Came here when I was in town on a trip to Chicago with some friends. We had to check out a michelin star restaurant and this one looked the most inviting. Glad we picked longman because it was awesome.To start, they had a great beer selection. All your domestic favorites, a good selection of micro brews and locals, and an import list that will make any beer fan giddy. My favorites are the begian brews so I had a la chouffe and a delirium. Served in an appropriate glass and it hit the spot. Next, the food. For appetizers we had the foie gras, bone marrow, and the buffalo sweetbreads. If you dont know what a sweetbread is, dont ask, just eat it, its delicious. If you know what it is, then this was a great twist on a classic. The bone marrow was served with some bread and a spoon. Very well cooked and flavorful. Its a little messy so utilize your manners and a napkin. The foie gras was the best foie I ever had. prepared with a couple relishes and toppings and served over a mini waffle with a sprinkle of salt on top. Highly recommend all the above (although menu is seasonal) On to the entrees. My friends all enjoyed their dishes. I had the duck three ways. It was duck breast over duck leg confit with a foie gras preparation on the side. all this was served with a delicious sauce and appropriately placed veggies and accoutrements. The duck was perfectly prepared in each presentation and very reasonably priced considering I was basically getting a half duck and foie gras. We were stuffed by the end of the night but ordered a dessert to share anyway. It was an interesting sounding dessert. A olive oil cake with a pistachio sauce served with ice cream and a grilled peach (i think it was a peach). Anyway, the dessert was very good, I was full so I didnt savor it as much as I could have if I was a little hungry. If you have a sweet tooth, maybe slow down on the apps to save room for dessert.The waitstaff was awesome. The waiter appeared to have tried everything on the menu and offered way more information and suggestions than I thought possible. He was overly accommodating and helpful. The dining area was very comfortable. They dont take reservations so we went early on a weeknight to guarantee a short wait. As a result it was not crowded and we were seated within 15 minutes. When we left the wait time had increased to over an hour. Plan ahead.Just wanted to add an addendum to my review and bump the star up a notch. I had been torn on how to review and I feel my 2 star rating was more a reflection on my unique dietary situation. That said, it may have been a little low. I will leave the 4 and 5 stars to people who are more qualified to judge wild boar sloppy joes and kobe meatballs. If I ate meat, I'm sure I'd love them!Saturday night dinner for 10 at Longman and Eagle is no easy feat. They told us that they don't take reservations for large parties. We were flexible and were fine with being seated at two separate tables and at different times. I give major props to the front of the house for being accommodating and courteous. Unlike a lot of other busy restaurants I've been to, there is ample space to wait in. We were most interested in the 'plates' section of the menu. The lineup:- Amuse: I honestly do not remember what we had. It was white with green accents, and unmemorable.- Pear Salad: Our waitress told us that the sandwiches were a good portion size, compared to the rest of the menu, so I was surprised that our pear salad was also 'normal' sized. The salad was light and refreshing. I'm used to pear slices in pear salads - this was more of a chunky puree.- Seared Maine Scallop with braised oxtails, potato gnocchi, fontina fonduta. Pretty good. The flavors mixed well. Just note that it is a TINY portion for twelve dollars.- Potato Agnolotti escargots, wild mushrooms, bordelaise sauce, cured foie gras. The sides were too salty. - Smoked Sweetbreads. I've realized that I only like sweetbreads when they are fried. I cannot appreciate the smokiness. This was also a small portion.- Roasted Bone Marrow. Really good. Very decent portion. We asked for extra bread and they accommodated. - Pork Belly Confit with pumpkin risotto, chestnuts, apple, soy-caramel broth. This was awesome and my favorite item of the evening. The description says it all.I also had the Last Word cocktail (Tanqueray gin, Luxardo maraschino liqueur, Green Chartreuse and lime juice). It was good and not sweet. My friend had another cocktail that was super-strong.We were confused why our second round of plates took a while to appear (and we didn't see our waitress for a while). But overall, I was pleased with the service and think they're doing a good job for a six week old restaurant.Cool vibe. Didn't get any food, but it looked good.I love that this place is only two blocks away from my place.  I love that they have a more upscale menu than your typical bar food menu (no artichoke dip, potato skins) I love that they have a great drink menu with a wide selection of quality drinks.....from beer to hard liquor.  I love that it already made Esquire's list as best bar to visit while in Chicago.A group of us came here for dinner one Wednesday night.  They wouldn't seat us until our whole party had arrived, which is fine since it wasn't all that busy.  They have a very extensive drink list, which most of my friends enjoyed (I stuck to water this evening).  We tried the pretzel and cheese to start- to die for!!!  There was a fried crab special that a few friends got, and I tried.  It was great.  I got the Roasted Half Chicken, which was amazing.  Two large pieces of chicken came out and I devoured the first one, it was so good!  It came with a few veggies and a "fancy" mac & cheese, which was also super.  I had the other piece of chicken for dinner the next night, and it was quite disappointing.  It was mostly fat and bones, I ended up throwing most of it away.  But, that aside everybody very much enjoyed their meal and it's a cute place with a fun atmosphere.Really good bussing.Prior to yesterday, I had only been to L&E for dinner or drinks.  However, I got to see two additional facets of the establishment while spending the night at their upstairs Inn last night and having brunch there on our way out today.  Overall, it was much better than the average experiences I have had here in the past.  We used our free whiskey coins (that were on the desk in our room when we checked in) for two pours of bourbon and then got the rye flight before heading to bed last night.  The room was quaint... there are 6 rooms and it seems as though they are all different and unique.  They are definitely going for the modern feel with the furniture and decor, which again, as all interesting and creative.  My two gripes about the room would be that the head on the lamp was hanging down, unattached and broken off the body of the lamp (it appeared that they had tried to duct tape it, to no avail), and that we had two shampoos and no conditioner provided.  The lighting is really harsh and unpleasant in the room, which is why we were hoping to use the lamps, but with the one lamp broken this was not possible.  Anyway, there are real plants in the rooms, and apple tv, wifi, etc, and though you got a lot of bar-noise in the early hours of the night, by 1 or 2am it was very quiet.  We actually got a good night of sleep, much to my surprise.  All in all, it reminded me very much of a European hostel, minus the other guests sleeping in your room!We checked out today and were in the car ready to go, but after looking over the brunch menu that I grabbed on the way out, decided to head back in and get a bite to eat.  Glad we did!  We had the harvest scramble and the bananas foster french toast, along with a mimosa and some black tea, and everything was very delicious.  It was probably the best meal I've ever eaten at Longman.  The french toast was amazing; I really liked that they didn't drench it in sauces and creams but rather left the toppings for you to portion out as you wish.  The scramble was fresh and light, not too eggy, and came with house potatoes which were delicately seasoned fingerling potatoes that really hit the spot.  Overall, a great meal.Not sure what all the fuss was about- good but not great. Beer selection was very good and they made a great vodka cocktail for my wife but the food was just so-so. And not much ambiance. Some people wait 2-hours to sit/eat here??Longman and Eagle got my mother to try French Toast from somewhere not called Walker Bros., and that is no small feat. 5-stars it is L&E. The chicken and waffles are still boss but the sunny side duck egg hash is not undelicious either.I was way skeptical of eating here, because it seems like bro central -- not like fratty bros, but like bearded hipster bros. The focus is on eating meat and drinking whiskey. I don't eat meat, and I'll only drink whiskey if I'm trying to get angry and tear some walls down. I was wary when my guy and his boys brought me along this weekend. But to my surprise, I had an impressive, savory, satisfying vegetarian meal here. The butternut squash risotto is meat-free harvest goodness that sticks to your ribs and makes you feel warm and toasty. Also helping with the toasty feeling is the special citrusy hot toddy they're serving up. Warming and fun! The look and style of this place are stellar -- welcoming and sleek in equal measure. I'm a fan.Best 'REAL' cocktail joint in Chicago, hands down. Speakeasy style bar that can make you a gentlemen's drink. They have outdoor space to enjoy a cool summer night. Didn't eat here but I plan to soon.Huge fan of this restaurant.  From the drinks to the food to the atmosphere & waitstaff, all were a big hit.  We even had a server who knew how to pair our food with the right beer or cocktails.  Definitely get the Bitter Bourbon Buck, the meatballs, the pear salad and the Sloppy Joe.  Definitely coming back and spending the night next time!Every visit to L&E is pretty damn good.  The menu offers a great selection and the food is always pretty amazing.  I'm not sure if all the staff are actually hipsters, or just required to look like them, but the flannel on everyone becomes a bitch much.  However, the service is always fairly decent, nothing wowing, but it's rare I don't leave a place with a complaint.  The best thing about this plate, is they are only closed for a few hours a day so it's a great late night spot after a long day.Now on to the food... the pretzel and rare bit is delicious and always a good place to start.  One two occasions we've had the burger, and both times it was really fantastic.  It's got cheese, bacon, and bacon-fat fries, what's not to love?  The menu changes pretty often which is nice, and although I've like some things better than others, nothing has ever disappointed.One thing to note, if you're looking for privacy, ask for the front room.  Although a more vibrant area, the distance between table lends itself to your own experience.  Tables in the back are so close; you're practically eating with everyone else.Orangey french toast was the best thing I've tasted in recent memory. Duck hash was salty as hell. Not bad but just salty.Longman & Eagle is somewhere in between the myriad non-distinguished "corner bar & grille" and one-of-a-kind like the Publican or Avec.  It tries very hard to pass itself as if it is one of the one-of-a-kinds, but it doesn't quite get there.Price-wise, it's in the same range as Publican.  Scanning the beer list, the beers seem cheaper, but mostly because it's not as stacked to the (costlier) Belgian fares.  It's pretty farily priced, I think - think Green Line around $5 and Matilda at $8.  However, what was disappointing is that our waitress did not let us know which drafts were not available until we ordered them.  Given that she was eager to push us on the daily special (some burger with foie gras and fried eggs for +$30) without being solicited, I think divulging the (more valuable) information on which beers were not available would have been more prudent.Ambiance-wise, the main dining area (where the bar is) is a zoo, especially at the tables lined up by the bars.  We arrived just before 7pm on a Friday and were seated without waiting, but noticed that within half an hour, it was packed and people were waiting at the bar.  Given the tight space, it meant whoever was sitting closest to the bar at our table was getting a lot of bumps and jostling with people's rear end - definitely not pleasant.  It's ironic that it's those who bump the diners with their butts who give the diners the dirty look.  (I'm sorry I'm sitting at a table in YOUR bar area!)  The tables are bunched closer together than they should, and it's a constant commotion with wait staff, servers and water guys bumping up against your chair or your shoulders.  And it's loud.  Weird mix of country music and folksy-rock.  I noticed that the rear dining area seemed much more serene, albeit somewhat austere (in a good way).Food is where I think they fall short of joining the ranks of one-of-a-kind.  The sweetbread was a bit undercooked -- it's a bit tricky to get right, but when undercooked, the texture is a bit fatty/slimy.  The famed Sloppy Joe was dry with barely enough meat - the beef fat fries that came with it was excellent, however, but these are just fries.  The pork shank was also dry where it should have been more moist and juicier.  The meatballs were small and (again) dry, and there were only three pieces.  The creamy polenta/pesto it came doused in was actually pretty good, but the meatballs themselves were subpar to the 20-for-$5 IKEA meatballs, organic or not.  Strangely, for most of the dishes, the accompanying sides and garnishes were more memorable than the main components.  I came away feeling that they are great pretenders, but not quite the real deal.Service.  Ah... service. The only times the waitress ever seemed enthusiastic and flashed any smile was when she was explaining the daily special and when she brough us our check - the latter, without being asked for one as we were sipping our post-dinner bourbon.  I happened to sit facing the kitchen and the main POS terminal where the wait staff puts the orders in, and I noticed she spent more time loitering around in that area for no reason, generally looking bored or trying to strike conversations with other staff, than looking out for the needs of her diners.  Given that the water guys refill the water (very frequently) and runners bring out the food, we had very little interaction with her -- when we ordered our food and our drinks -- but she seemed like she wanted to be anywhere else but working with us.  Very charming.A night out at Longman & Eagle isn't cheap, especially when you are trying to get the full experience of sharing their small plates and exploring their drink menu.  For my money, I can do better.holy crap this place is meaty!! i'm a veggie and i knew that going in, so no complaints.the atmosphere was how i like an atmosphere to be - comfortable, loud from people talking & enjoying their company. a little crowded, but the bartender and host were attentive. once we got seated the service was excellent. very attentive but not overbearing. this may be stupid but i appreciated that the water was chilled with no ice.on to the menu... pricey small plates for the most part. i had the cheese trio. just for the sake of veggies who can't eat much i would've appreciated something really different. but the choices were solid, the chimay cheese, a triple cream brie and something that was cave aged and cow milk. all enjoyable.here's where i can't elaborate much - the rest of the food. my boy got the boar sloppy joe (eww?) but he loved it. with bacon. my salad was good. an amuse bouche of shrimp with something - everyone like it.all in all we left satisfied and really enjoyed the night, and that's the point, right?I'm sure if our lazy asses had gotten out of bed a bit sooner they would not have run out of the tantalizing dishes I wanted to try and this would be a 4 star review. Oh well.Sunday brunch with the girls in the blustery rain and Lula's wait was 90 friggin minutes - we braced ourselves and trekked over here and I'm glad we did.So it was about 12:30 but we only had to wait 15-20 min for a table - awesome since we were all starving.L&E Shanty is awesome! I am not a fan of the Leinenkugel's Shanty but the sound of Bell's Oberon draft and house-made lemonade was intriguing. Really great brunch drink option for a girl who hates bloody marys and is a bit tired of mimosa combos.Unfortunately, they were out of the duck hash & peekytoe crab benedict so I opted for the croque madam. Fried egg placement on top is ingenious - loved the sandwich! Should have chosen the b-fast potatoes instead of the mixed greens though ...My friend had the morel, aspragus & fromage blanc omelet - very delicious. Warning - the salmon tartare is great and looks beautiful but really shouldn't be listed under the sandwiches. The portion is clearly appetizer size.Service was prompt but without much personality and the one host guy was getting on my nerves a bit. I know he was trying to be all clever and funny but we were starving and disheveled from the windy, drenching walk so I wasn't really feeling it.That being said, I still would love to try brunch again, albeit earlier, and definitely dinner - great food!I mentioned before that brunch was not as good as diner but I might have spoken too soon. I just recently had the Pork Belly BLT with an egg and I have to say hands down that it was the best and most interesting BLT sandwich I have had so far in my life.as long as they serve the negroni, i will be a customer.yeah, this place is totally hipster'd out. but they do make wicked good cocktails. i spent a steamy summer weekday afternoon getting buzzed on their patio. it was wonderful :) and on the weekdays, there's no wait for a table. might be worth playing hooky. just sayin'...When they say, "Hipster vibe" they mean it.  The only person who makes an effort there is the chef.  The great:  The food. It's a foodie haven. The food gets 5 stars.  Everything that we tried was just delicious.  The chef is creative and he rocks.  The Bad: The service.  The service gets 1 and a half stars.  First, the bartenders make the most minimal effort possible. In our 1 hour wait on a Thursday, we sat at the bar. We had to flag a bartender down for every drink. And actually work at it.  I never saw them ask anyone if they needed another drink, ever.  Our food server was not terribly informed, but pleasant enough.  I'm pretty sure that being outgoing or proactive is discouraged at Longman and Eagle.  Neutral: We tried several wines by the glass that were really disppointing, but they are a whiskey joint, so my fault for ordering wine. The mediocre:  The atmosphere.  It's kind of loud, crowded, dank and the lighting is just plain bulbs in the over head lamps.  The chairs aren't terribly comfortable either. The bar spills into the tables so you have people standing over you while you eat.In short: go there for the food and tolerate  the rest!The food is good but quality can be hit or miss.  The last time I ate here my friend had the wrong dish brought to her and the cheese on my hamburger was stone cold.  The menu is good and portions are very generous.i was skeptical. really skeptical. i thought it was all fluff and hype.. and whiskey, but when i tried the food, i was seriously blown away. maybe it was a great night for the restaurant and i was particularly hungry, but i am going to give all the credit to the chefs in the kitchen. we ordered the wild boar sloppy joe: oh yea.. the sweet brioche, the tang on the meat, the heat from the roasted jalapeno. this was a way better choice than the burger (which im sure was good, but wild boar! how can anyone turn that down.) Potato agnolotti : imagine little pillowy noodles filled with ultra creamy potato.. it came with a great rich sauce, but the mushrooms were a bit gritty (baaah), the shaved foie gras didn't add much for me, but it was a good dish overallthe absolute best thing we had was the pork belly confit. it was a giant piece of pork belly, crispy and juicy and tender all at the same time...there was risotto with chestnuts and apple. seriously this was just so delicious and complex and well married flavors. i can't wait to have it again.Whiskey. Meat. Perfect.Checked it out on a Sat and got a seat right away on the balcony. Great cocktails(I recommend the Logan Palmer). And had a 3 Floyds Devil's Handshake. We split a bunch of the plates. Meatballs were fantastic and could have eaten 3 orders of them. The gnuddi was really tasty too. Foie gras with funnel cake was good but a little pricey for the portion.No wait for Sunday brunch today so I was really happy. Coffee came right away and we were really excited about the menu. Every plate of food that came by us looked great. About 15 minutes after ordering our food our coffee was gone and we were hoping our waitress or someone would come and fill it up again. 10 more minutes passed and we had to flag someone down to get more coffee. When I noticed that 30 minutes had passed since we'd ordered our food I started to get annoyed...it wasn't too crazy in there or anything and I was starving. Then our food came and bliss was restored. This was seriously the best crab benedict I have ever had the pleaure of eating. Every bite was worth the wait and it will be hard to ever order something else off of this brunch menu knowing how great the benedict is. We also ordered the swan creek pork belly blt and that was really good as well. I loved the tomato fennel jam and the flavor of the pork belly. It was an excellent twist on a classic. All in all it was a wonderful brunch and our waitress was really quick with getting us our bill when it came time to pay. I am already daydreaming about peeky toe crab and old bay infused hollandaise so I know I will be back soon.5 stars for your fried chicken alone. I wanted to toss the waffle and dig into a bucket of that fried goodness. and the bloody mary with tequila was also really good.Ok, I decided to give this place another try but instead of going on a Saturday night (where I had to wait 1.5+ hrs before throwing in the towel and leaving), I opted for a Saturday afternoon (hoping it would be less crowded then). Turns out it was (I only waited for 20-30 min), so that's good!I have to say, I loved everything I ordered! This place is so amazing that I had to go back the following weekend for brunch, again! I went with my sister during my first brunch visit. I had the Peeky Toe Crab Benedict. This was incredible! The Hollandaise sauce was like no other! The eggs were so light and not greasy at all. The crab meat tasted so fresh. The dehyrated bacon was phenomenal. It tasted so sweet and almost caramelized. The breakfasts come with a side of mixed green or potatoes. I opted for the mixed green. They were decadent. I loved the dressing! It was one of the best salads I've ever had. My sister had the Market Scramble. From the little bite that I had I thought it was great. Again, not greasy which is surprising for an egg breakfast. She ordered it w/ the side of potatoes and they were incredible. The following weekend I went with my boyfriend for brunch. Since I loved what I got the previous weekend I decided to get it again! Everything, like last time, was great with the exception for the mixed greens. They were not only wilted but they barely had any of that delicious dressing on them. My boyfriend had the PBR Breakfast. It came with a cold-can of PBR and two eggs any style. He got them over-medium and said that it was the best over-medium egg -- it wasn't too over or under done, a major feat in his eyes. It also came w/ bacon or house-made sausage. He ordered the sausage and being a self-proclaimed sausage connoisseur he said it was hands down the best he ever had. Obviously after hearing that I had to have a bite and I have to say that I agree w/ him (and I don't even like sausage!) It was tangy yet sweet and cooked to perfection. He ordered his breakfast w/ the side of potatoes. They were as good as I remembered them from last weekend. Since he loves bacon he also added a side of it to his order. He said it was the best bacon he ever had so, I had to try some, too. We loved that it had a smokey flavor (I've never tried bacon that tasted like that) and, like everything else, I was impressed that it wasn't greasy. We'll definitely be back! I just hope that the mixed greens will be back on track next time!5 Stars Again. Never a disappointment.Have been a handful of times for brunch and dinner. Chicken and waffles were pretty delicious; though the breading did fall off the skin a bit, but I'm not going to hold that against them. Crab benedict and shrimp n grits both very tasty; though I could use more grits. My only beef is that they're a bit pretentious feeling; the last 2 times I went there they asked us to wait 5 to 10 minutes when there were plenty of seats open. I don't care if you don't bring me a menu or anything for a bit, but at least put me at a table if there's one open. Decent beer selection, and excellent mixed drinks... had the dark and stormy, which was great; and was with someone who enjoyed the bloody mary. I like going here to try something I haven't had before... and now because they're just down the street. See you again soon.went for 23rd anniversary with friends who were also celebrating their 23rd.  checked in, had a drink (beers, great selection) and then dinner.  Dinner was fabulous. we ate like small plates and ordered multiple items;-tongue this was dense and ok-scallops, done perfect-cavatelli was amazing-gnocchi very very good-venison was my fav-OMG boar sloppy joe w beef fat frieds( everyone has to have this)- buffalo frog leg just tasted more buffalo sauce than anything-rabit pate, yummyand three desserts, but everyone needs to try to donuts! but how can you go wrong with gruyere donuts when you have had 6 scotches?!  haahaa, great time was had by all. left for more drinks elsewhere but came back for port as a night cap.  BREAKFAST-duck hash was so flavorful!, crabs benedict was perfect, and hubby liked the market omelet.  Girlfriend is in love with boar sloppy joe, this is what she had for breakfast! (amazing). This was also the best bloody mary ever.  so full we were uncomfortable.we need to come back to try the other half the menu! I cant believe the wonders that come out of that small kitchen...My second dinner experience at L&E proved just as enjoyable as the first. Since the menu is ever changing, I'm not going to go into everything we had, but I will say that between 3 people we split about 6 things on the menu and not one was disappointing. The food is different and inventive and L&E definitely lives up to the hype. I also thoroughly enjoy the atmosphere her. You can dress up and have a fancy night out....or dress down and not feel out of place. Service was great the second time around as well. Overall L&E just nails all aspects of the dining experience and I'll be back time & time again!My girlfriend and I stayed in room 55 for Christmas. Between the room and the food and service, it was one of the best nights of my life! Wow. Believe any thing good anyone ever tells you about this place. Pretty much my favorite place ever.wow, yummy! this place affirms my love for gastropubs and their delightful mixture of complex drinks and tasty, interesting food. i came with an empty stomach and left full and satisfied. i'm sure the one-hour wait didn't hurt ;)food:- meatballs and polenta: the ultimate saucy, savory comfort food. - beef tartar: in some strange, twilight-zone way, the taste evoked mcdonald's cheeseburger! but in the best way possible.- boar sloppy joes: i was so entranced by that pickled jalopeno that i barely noticed anything else on the plate. i even got seconds of that jalopeno! i do think this comes with too many fries tho, would substitute salad next time (yes, i know how wimpy that sounds, but i just didn't love their fries).- venison pate: mmm yum- overall, all the dishes came lathered in sauce, which i love. the more sauce, the better!drinks:- dante's paradise: loved it and its fruity, smoky grapefruit aftertaste- forgot the name but it was on tap and started with a P, in the second column...haha yes it's vague, but i wanted to give it a shoutout as it was a verrrrry good slightly sweet caramelly dark beer.although i only tried two drinks, i am definitely coming back for more...and more...and more! just have to be sneaky and try to come at an off-hour to avoid the wait.I loved this place. Sometimes the creations at these places can be a little questionable. However here, the dishes were unique and flavorful. The lobster parfait, the lamb tartare, the duck trio were all excellent. The menu was difficult to understand; I felt like I needed a dictionary. Anyone know what a Welsh rarebit is? The ambiance is also cool. Feels like you are in an old English inn. Will go back.Amazing food, great selection of beers and spirits. Chicken and waffles for the first time.The food here is really good and for what this place is its always been a 4-5 star spot. I love the 3$ whiskey shot list.. at almost 40 different Whiskeys to choose from! They also have a large menu of dank beer.. but also some on the super cheap ( 2$ Old Milwaukee )! I have also had the cheese and olive plates and they were both tastey. service was good, nice out door patio. Very close to the Logan blue line.No wait around 6pm on a Thursday in Spring. Lamb Tartare was our favorite dish, but we also enjoyed the pig face, Fava bean ravioli, buffalo frog legs and the Fried apple pie was crazy! Had the sturgeon but wasn't as crazy about it as some of the other dishes. Free street parking on schubert. Enjoyed a belgian ale and my boyfriend loved the classic whiskey drinks! Looking forward to trying brunch! They also rent 6 reasonably priced rooms above the restaurant.great, great place. went there tonight with max and had a great time. we arrived at about 730 (fri) and waited apx 25 minutes for a table - pretty much what i expected. we had a couple drinks while we waited. they have a great selection of whiskey (max is into whiskey, so this made him very happy). they also had a very nice selection of draft and bottled beer.first let me say that the service was amazing. while we were waiting it was pretty crowded and all of the servers were trying to weave in and out of tables and the crowd waiting for tables. i've been to alot of places where the servers get annoyed by this. and that was not the case here. all of the servers were very kind and pleasant as they were working their way through the crowd. when we sat down, we were greeted by our wonderful server, jared (he gets 5 stars for sure). he was super helpful and so pleasant. here's the rundown of what we had:beet salad with goat cheese, candied walnuts, arugula and bacon vinaigrette - oh my goodness, great. did you see, i just typed bacon vinaigrette. definitely one of my favs. max, less so, although he still loved it.seared scallop with braised oxtail and potato gnocci - perfect. the scallops were cooked perfectly and all of the flavors were great together. we finished every last bit.kobe meatballs with polenta and pesto - so good. this was max's fav (besides our entree, which i'll get to shortly)bone marrow with red onion jam and sourdough - this was probably good for bone marrow. we had to try it since we heard a lot of good things about it. but max and i just aren't huge fans of bone marrow to begin with. so don't take my opinion on this too seriously. now for the best part - it was the special entree of the evening, and by far the best thing we had. hopefully they keep it around because i can't imagine going back and not being able to order it! it was pork tenderloin with potato risotto, artichokes in white wine, carrots and fennel, and black olive caramel sauce. it was seriously amazing. the pork was perfectly cooked and all of the elements of the dish could not have been more suited for each other. just great. we also finished with the flourless chocolate cake for dessert. this was good but not amazing. i would probably skip dessert or try something else next time. all in all, a great place. go there. for sure.I've visited Chicago 4 times in the past 4 years, and the best meal I've had in all my visits was at Longman & Eagle this past August.  My friend and I shared a couple of small plates- the grilled octopus was okay but not cooked evenly, so some pieces were too tough.  We also got scallops, and I usually don't even like scallops all that much, but these were absolutely delightful.  For my entree, I had beer-battered soft shell crabs, and they were, by far, the best soft shell crabs I have ever tasted.  I also couldn't stop stealing the beef-fat fries that came with my friend's sloppy joe.All in all, loved the food, the atmosphere, the beer selection... I wish I had room for dessert, maybe next time I'm in town!A very pleasant little outdoor bar area in the back let us start the evening with $3 bourbons and $2 PBRs, and there were tons more $3 whiskeys available inside. (Prices are similar to Char No. 4 in Brooklyn, my gold standard for a wide selection of cheap brown spirit.) The service was friendly and the room hopping, and the food quite good--though far from transcendent. We liked small plates better than the more "eh" wild boar sloppy joe. Next time, I may get drinks here and then try Lula, which keeps being recommended.LOL, Longman & Eagle. I'm so damn floored by this restaurant that I don't know what to say. It's my favorite restaurant ever and it has the best bourbon whiskey selection I've ever seen. I went to the Night Moves beer pairing/tasting and it was one of the best meals I've ever had. Six stars the end good night.Let me preface this by saying that we ate brunch here, so the review is only about that menu and not the dinner options.That being said, for a place that has just received a Michelin star, I expected much more out of my experience.  We arrived a little before 11:00 and were seated right away - in between a bohemian pairing of women and a couple who were clearly there to pick apart everything they ate and eat enough to feed a small village.  We ordered juice and cola and decided one of us would get lunch food and one breakfast, to span the gammut.  I ordered the duck hash and got my egg scrambled (also a duck egg - never tasted the difference unless it is salt because MAN that egg was a sodium nightmare).  Husband got a burger and thought it was okay, but nothing to rave about.  He did, however, rave about the fries cooked in beef fat. The hash was good, but the weird vinagrette swirled on the side of the plate was just off-putting.  It's brunch - eggs and hask and duck meat, fine, but mix in sour vinegar paste and NO thank you. It all just seemed like it was trying too hard.The orange juice was fresh squeezed and the service was fast (we were seated, ate and back in the car in 40 minutes) but I am not sure I would deal with the headache of parking in this permit only all the time neighborhood (we scored one of the VERY FEW metered spots on Kedzie) to wait forever for a dinner table.  They need to grow up and take some reservations like any normal place if they mean to be serious about keeping that star.Pork-belly absolutely rocks! The pig head sandwich is very tasty. It all comes reasonably priced 11-13.- or so per plate. A nice, hidden secret if you don't feel like waiting for a hour to get seated for your gourmet brunch.had a great time at L&E last saturdaycouple of friends came into town from NYC and since the 2 of them are serious foodies, i was worried taking them to a place i have not been beforeanyways, we were very lucky that evening, got there and at first was told that we have a 45 minute wait but then shortly afterwards the hostess told us since the other party in front of us did not have everyone in the party, we got bumped upwe started off with a round of beer and cocktails then had a nice bottle of red with the feast:foie gras, sweetbread, tete du cochon, bone marrow, quail dumplings, pork cheek, wild boar sloppy joe, pork belly and venison (our favs were quail, sweetbreads, foie gras, tete du cochon and pork belly)rounded our dinner with chocolate tart and roasted chestnut custardour server was very helpful in our selection and was constantly checking with us to see if we needed anythingthe only complaint was the place was quite smokey and all of us had to air out our clothes when we got home, but that won;t stop me from coming back :)This place, imho, is most excellent.  From the service, the cocktails, the food, everything is exceptional.  I will go back...and I will bring friends.Amazing!  Went here with friends in from Miami.....amazing dinner/evening!  Great food, great service.  Only downside- it is popular and they don't take reservations.  We only had to wait 40 min.- well worth it!  Highly suggest the meatball apps, the duck confit app and the duck as an entree.  Meat heavy menu.Definately make this place your one and only stop if you go on the weekend.  Went on a Friday, was told it would be about an hour, but it turned out to be almost 4!  Snagged a seat the bar luckily, until a waiter said our table was ready but then took it back.  He bought us a beer, but we lost our seats.  The kitchen was so tiny (must be the reason for the slow turn around on the tables).  When we finally got seated we were starving and ready to order in about 3 minutes.  Service was fast and the food was amazing!  Super tasty, but worth the 4 hour wait?  Not so sure.  We were happy to go, but probably won't be backThis place is P.I.M.P. That big of a whiskey and bitters selection will keep me coming back. Also the food was pretty awesome, albeit expensive. Worth it though. I'm still a little perplexed how every decent place in Logan Square now has lines out the door 24/7. I hate waiting on corners for food. These places turn me into a trollop.Just plain fantastic.  Thanks for making my hood even better.Partner and I stayed for the night after seeing it on Today Show.  We spent one night in the Inn, last night.  The rooms are small, but well outfitted,(no down pillows :( ).  It is tight, and the bathroom toilet shower combo is a hassle as everything is wet, its like being on a cruise ship.We had lunch in the restaurant when we arrived, yes I had the Pork Belly Cuban sandwich and duck fat fries.  It was good, would I give it 5 stars, no!!  Had a Bloody Mary as well and just like Milwaukee they serve it with a sidecar of beer.  Partner had the burger and said it was great. The fries were not that amazing as people say they are, I like the comment that compared them to Wendys Sea Salt fries, thought it was spot on.We spent the day out and about in Chicago, came back around 8 to get ready to go out to dinner. Stopped in the bar for a drink.  Great crowd, tables all full, managed to get 2 seats at the bar. 2 guys and a girl tending bar.  The guys were great, they know their Wiskey and offered up suggestions, but the girl killed it. She was just rude and had no personality.  She needs to be moved to the back of the house.  I would probably given it 4 stars, but she blew it for L&E.If you get to Chicago, you need to go here, stay here, its on the BLue Line, free parking on the street all weekend and the rooms are cool for $110 bucks a night.My future in laws and my fiance went here for his birthday in August. It was my suggestion and I had a feeling we would all like it. Our waiter was very friendly and knew a lot about the menu items. We ordered several appetizers( rabbit pate, pretzel, meatball, cheese plate) They were good, but some I just never had a desire to try, like the rabbit. Everyone's entree was delicious. The wild boar sloppy joe/ beef fat fries. The chicken was tender, and I was told that the pork belly was simply amazing. For desert you have to try the donuts with this yummy cheese. It was soo mouth watering. For $23, we got 3 man sized shots of special whiskey/scotches which were so tastey. They even have rooms upstairs.All in all the prices were a touch more than I'd normally spend, but then this is not a normal restaurant. We all left feeling full and I will definitely be back. We were lucky because we got here at 5 on a Sunday, and they DON'T accept reservations??????, but by the time we left, this place was jumpin'.I went back for brunch. Disappointed again. Okay so I didn't have the fancy schmancy duck confit (pronounced confee) or any of the special dishes they serve. I just had the chicken and waffles.  This is the first time I've had chicken and waffles.  It was a little boring.  The food was just so-so. And the coffee? pretty average. a step above diner coffee.  Didn't make enough of an impression for me to be going back any time soon.service:  great.  quick, nice and didn't rush us even though they were clearly crowded on a monday afternoon for lunch.food:  my sister and i split the mac 'n cheese and sloppy joe.  mac' n cheese:  this serving of mac 'n cheese reminded me that there's such a range among how it can be prepared.  i like mine to be cheesey and less saucy.  unfortunately for me saucy is what theirs is.  it had a great flavor with the spinach, mushrooms and basil oil, but the consistency is where it lost me.  the two tomatoes on top were probably my favorite part; they were just roasted enough to the point where when you pop it in your mouth it still has a nice bite but a warm, flavorful taste. the side salad that came with it was odd.  it was like it was rubbed in salt.  i like me some salt, but it was so overpowering.  a lightly dressed arugula with little favor would have complimented the mac 'n cheese better.sloppy joe:  i could eat an appetizer of just their crispy sage.  imagine those crunchy onion toppings but popping with sage.  the sauce is amazing.  we couldn't pinpoint what made the sauce so special, but the meat to sauce ratio was perfect.  the pickled jalapeno added a nice kick, but i wish it were chopped up and added on top rather than served whole - the entire jalapeno was a bit tricky to eat  with a - no pun intended - sloppy sandwich.  we opted for the beef fat fries, which was good...but we couldn't discern a difference in the flavor from beef fat vs regular oil.  they were still delicious; crispy and salty and hot.overall - worth a trip but would like to go back for dinner with a few more friends who would like to go splits-ies to sample more items.Finally back for dinner.  Open-face ravioli on the "small dish" menu.  My friend had the special lobster poached in butter with sea urchin.  Both were delicious, but TINY portions for the $$.  Staff was accommodating and very sweet in a crowded, noisy room.  Looking forward to trying brunch.I've never had a bad experience here.  I've been dining here for around two years now and have no reason to stop.  The head chef here knows his way around pork, the other white meat.  I never tire f the menu because they change it with the season, Some of my favorites are the bone marrow and sourdough toast with red onion  jam,  the piglet (kinda a pulled pork dish) over pumpkin risotto, the pork shank (not on the menu on this time), and just recently their dessert of sweet corn churros!  The extensive list of whiskeys doesn't hurt either.  Whether you're going to eat of drink you will not be dissapointed.  Be ready to wait though, I go on Mondays and its about 45 minutes.  IT IS WELL WORTH IT THOUGH!Went for our daughter's 21st birthday. Our server Sean was quite attentive, helpful, and cheerful.  His suggestions for appetizers was well-appreciated. Entrees were quite tasty including the bacon-wrapped pork tenderloin and salmon. We enjoyed various whiskey-based drinks. Absinthe ice cream was quite unusual and refreshing. Would definitely go back. Our best Chicago find all year.Really awesome place for some unique tapas and good drinks. Had the seasonal gin cocktail which was a great fall tasting drink with some autumn spices. The food was well-priced and portions were reasonable too. The cheese plate was great for an opening appetizer with some good wine and included some goat cheese from france, bleu cheese from spain, and a creamy cheese from france (sorry I'm no expert and can't remember names). Wait wasn't long and the staff was very knowledgeable in explaining menu items. Only holding back a star because there are not many wines by the glass.whiskey for drinking and an incredibly delicious tar tar. Love this placeFois gras whoopie pie. Enough said.Florida cocktail. Deelish!Beef fat fries...you will go here and fall in love with every bite and want to lick the plate. So amazing, that you go home thinking you have no idea what you're doing in the kitchen. Favorite restaurant! Want to try everything!I was a little skiddish about this place after seeing the yelp reviews, but I have to say, I think people are being way harsh on this place.  Everyone was SUPER friendly, from the bartender - to the server - to the floor manager.  Everyone seemed to genuinely care about whether or not we were having a good time.  Once the bar started filling up the hostess came over and asked us how we were doing, and she could ask the other patrons to move if we wanted - no problem - they're fine we said!    I was hot on trying the bone marrow, which was pretty good.  My only complaint was that the smaller bone was much more well cooked than the larger bone, it was much more tender and flavorful. I also had the Pigs Head plate which was EXCELLENT, so unlike anything i've had before.  I'm not really even sure what they did, I guess they took all the meat from the head, shredded it and wrapped it in some sort of fatty goodness then fried it? (very healthy indeed) But it was very, very good.  We also got the cheese plate - on which the cheese selection was excellent - but here was my very small whine:  When I order a plate of excellent cheeses, I want something to go with them that doesn't overtake the taste of the cheese - a small cracker, some sort of bread short on taste - they served crostini that tasted like bagel chips, so they overtook the taste of the cheese.   I'd say the prices were incredibly reasonable - although my friend ordered the scallops and they seemed super tiny, whereas my pig head app was definitely enough for dinner. So just make sure and ask your server about the size of the meal before you order (although in L&E's defense here, the server definitely warned her it was going to be on the smaller, she was just a little low on moolah that night). I will definitely be back! I can't wait, actually! I want to try that beef toungue hash with quail egg mmm mmm.Holy god, I randomly ended up here one Wednesday nite and man I was impressed. Their beer selection is amazing, their house Manhattan to die for and the pate....I could die and be happy as long as it was right after a meal there. I guess I got lucky when I went there because there was no wait and it was perfect in the back for our group.I went with a couple of friends and the waiter was amazing. Bartender came out to the table to clarify an order and did exactly as my friend asked, even though everyone knew and the bartender warned it wouldn't be good. Shared a number of appetizers, but the duck roulade (?) was something I have been telling friends about for days.  I had the chicken breast and my bf had the bouillabaisse. Everyone laughed when I ordered the chicken, but after sharing a bite they were sad they hadn't gotten it. This had to have been made with angel tears. Simple, refined tastes and just fall of the bone amazingness.And the desserts. Bacon ice cream with poached apple, flourless chocolate cake. I wanted to cry. I want to come back just for dessert. I will definitely be back.Interesting gastropub find in Logan Square.  Showed up for dinner on a Thursday night, the place was near full and upon seating were told the kitchen was already backed up.  Lengthy menu had a variety of appetizers, salads, sandwhiches, small plates, and entrees.  We ordered a smattering of dishes, including:- family farm meatballs: came out in a pool of marinara and cream sauce.  tasty but very small in portion.  - spring pea angiolitti:  the first day on the menu, and was a fresh pea puree in ravioli- seared scallops over braised oxtail - mixing surf & turf sometimes brings out a bad 'seafoody' taste, which happened here.- monkfish:  mushy and spongey, I went out on a limb by ordering this one and regretted it- pork belly entree- catfish entree- poached apple & french toast with bacon ice cream: interesting and points for creativity, but the balance of sweet, salty, and tartness was a bit off.While its not the most vegetarian friendly place, the fact that all of the brunch cocktails are strong and delicious made me not mind at all that my meal was going to be 10% food, 90% booze.The Bloody Marys (and all variations of) are incredible, as was the Logan Palmer (bourbon, tea, and lavender-infused simple syrup). The bartenders were amiable and the hostess was totally cool with us just hanging around drinking as we waited 45 minutes for the last member of our party. All in all, good Sunday brunch spot that's not too crowded. Though I can't speak much to the food, I'll definitely head back to work my way through that cocktail menu.Went here a second time after not being so impressed the first time. I had ordered the Bouillabaisse which was eh. Dessert of molten cake overdone. Chicken solid.The second time, I ordered the scallops. Perfect. and the duck, which was the best duck I've ever had. A mix of both the duck breast, cooked perfectly, and the duck leg confit, it was a great healthy portion, and deliciously seasoned. Such a contrast from my first experience, gets an extra star from me this time around.I had a really wonderful meal here, really wonderful. The atmosphere is really romantic and calming. Service was not quick, but our waitress really knew the menu and could speak to it well. I got to order a dark and stormy, "my" drink, so enough said there as it was delicious. Out of all the delightful things eaten that night, the creme brûlée was the best. My companion had the bacon ice cream. Wowzas.longman & eagle is much better in the summer than in the winter. mostly because of the lonnnnnnng wait for a table in the dining room.i love the back outdoor area with the make-shift little bar and the tea lites at each picnic table. it's the perfect ambiance on a summer's night. add some $3 whiskey shots and an old style and i'm a happy camper waiting for my table here!i've only had the burger as an entree (it's good!), and that probably because the two time we've dined here, i've  been drinking for over an hour before we sit down and i'm no longer as hungry/excited about the menu. a weird note - the hand soap in the ladies bathroom smells SO GOOD. i'm not kidding. does anyone know what it is???It's was just ok, we tried biscuits n gravy and sloppy Joe that everyone has been raving about. They were ok, nothing great. Sloppy Joe was on a dry side, a bit spicy. Beer was very reasonably priced, Hoegaarden was only $5. Not coming back, why bother when there are so many other places out there. I also have to agree that hostesses are rude and need a class on customer service.Superb meal!  Dicey hipsterish location (I rarely voyage into that part of town) but it was worth it.  Would I stand and wait for an hour to eat there...probably not.  Great looking inside with a beautiful industrial look to it.  I want a glimps of the rooms upstairs at soem point.  Probably best to go there in a not prime dining time if you don't want to wait.  Iw ould almost rather have places not tae reservations (as is the policy there) as compared witht ake reservations and run way behind schedule.This place is A++ Drinks are stellar, food is some of the most delicious I have ever tasted.  I advise to go on an off time if you want to get in.  This place is totally 100% worth the hype and then some.  It's worth the hour you have to wait even at 5:00 pm on a Sunday.  The atmosphere is very intimate and the service is exceptional.The menu here is very difficult: you'll have a hard time deciding between what you'll order and what you hope will still be on the menu for your next visit. Of the cocktails I had the Julep De Chambly was my favorite. For my starter I had the tete du cochon. This dish was very rich and I thought it was very nice. For my main I had the roasted leg of venison. It was cooked to perfection: rare so that it was tender despite the leanness. There was only a hint of gaminess. It was served atop a very savory bacon risotto, and a sauce with a very nice nutty flavor. My dinner companion and I shared our desserts: the fernet pave, and the terrine. Both were amazing, but I'd have to tip my hat to the fernet pave: great combination of flavors and textures.I can not wait to return! My friends and I came here to grab a bite late Sunday and the services couldn't be better! The sloppy joe was phonemail. They're drinks were fantastic and a great whiskey selection. I can't wait to go t back and try some more food and drinks... Great late night spot!Fantastic food and though our server kind of sucked and was perplexed by credit cards, he still did not marr my opinion of L&E! Try the Kina Cup for a drink at the bar. The burger was phenomal and everyone at my table tried it. My other friends got the Steak and Eggs and Pork Belly over butternut squash risotto. Very yummy and I would have given it a full 5 stars but the hour wait was not ideal. Check it out and right off the blue line.HYFR.  Every other meal I will ever have again will be measured relative to the two meals I've had here.  I dream of the day I get to stay in one of the rooms to revel in the food coma/whiskey cocktail glory a meal at L&E induces.All of the staff is very friendly. The drink menu is inventive and priced appropriately. Great little place.Wow!  I try not to get carried away with my reactions or reviews but after returning here several times for different occasions I have to admit I've been thoroughly impressed.  While the place is always packed and it isn't the most comfortable, you've got to understand that going into it.  If you're looking for comfortable, quiet and relaxing you're in the wrong place.  I don't knock any points off for that because they don't portray themselves as a place you could quietly hold a conversation.  Anyway, the food is amazing, the cocktails are amazing, the staff is courteous and knowledgeable and my experience has yet to fall short of great.  I'm still curious about the lodging they offer upstairs and plan on having a review on that shortly. Our first visit was with a group of 9 so we actually ordered everything on the menu.  This was wonderful as we were able to literally try everything.  the creativity behind many of these dishes was very impressive.  Not being a vegan by any means or even close to vegetarian like some of the people in my group I must say I was even surprised by their vegetarian dishes.  Too often a meat based establishment falls short creating good vegetarian alternatives.  Can't wait to go back!!!!Went back. Wow. Much better. Portions seemed more filling thatn previous visits and not as hard-hitting on my wallet as I expected. Buffalo style sweetbreads are a must. Rabbit could have been a little more interesting but everything else was too excellent to take a star off for that. I will be back again shortly...I love walking in somewhere and it smells SO amazing!  That was how my visit began and it only got better.We arrived prior to 5:00 and the place was already hopping.  While the kitchen does not open until 5 the offered great little nibbles of marinated olives, nuts and cheese plates.  A great list of beers, interesting cocktails and an impressive list of whiskey offered a great start to our experience.Menu changes daily.  Small plates, salads and entrees gave a wealth of choices.  We started by sharing a butter poached lobster with sea urchin and cuddle fish pasta.  AMAZING!  Definitely on the rich side.  My meat eating husband looked incredibly pleased with his duck duo dish and my butternut squash risotto was perfection.  The portions were very ample and I loved being able to look forward to eating my left overs even before finishing.  The only disappointment was both of us being too full to go for dessert.  Next time! Our server was very knowledgable and attentive until nearing the end of our meal as the place was slammed.  The host was great to check in on us and our table was always cleared and redressed in a blink of an eye.You must have their Old Fashion....absolutely the best I have ever had.Go! Eat! Drink! Enjoy!!!O dear!!! Where do i begin... It was a friday night, the boyfriend and i were at lost to where to go to for dinner at 830pm with no reservations. After a long while picking and choosing places, I suggested us to go to Owen and Engine. We love that place. But once we got there, we couldn't find parking. The boyfriend hates driving around to find a parking spot.. So.. what to do... what to do... Then, it hit me... I suggested us to go to Longman and Eagle. Parking? not a problem. There a huge parking lot across the street.I've been to L&E once, about a year ago for drinks, leaving the place, wasted. But, I remembered everything being so good and tasty. Therefore I was super excited to come in for the second time, even though i was a little nervous about the wait. But to my surprise, the wait was only 20 minutes, not even!!!! While we were waiting, my boyfriend bought us each some whiskey cocktails to try. He had the January V and I had the Shrubbery. YUMMMMNESSS!!! I liked my drink better, it's sweet and sour, definitely tasty. His drink was a lot heavier and minty. But, it was perfect to his liking. Not too long after, the friendly host came to sit us.Dinner time!!! Our server came to greet us. He was very friendly and professional. He recommended us to try the small plates and to share the entree. And that's exactly what we did; we ordered the Tartare that came with rye toasts which was very good. Pastrami Spiced Pig Head that was served with Sauerkraut Gnocchi was amazing!!! That was my favorite. It was super delicious. My boyfriend was giving me a funny look when I mentioned that we have to try that, good thing I didin't listen to him and ordered it anyways because it was amazing!!! We also had the Kentucky Fried Quail that came with Foie Gras Corn Bread. Ohhh my Lord!!! It was delicious!!! Just thinking about those two dishes makes me hungry for L&E again. Lastly, we had the Deconstructed Rabbit Pot Pie, which was good but not my favorite. However, the boyfriend finished every last bits of it. I stayed with my Shrubbery drink while my boyfriend ordered one of his favorite, the Old Fashioned, which was very strong and sharp and really good.And here comes the entree... The probably 5 pounds pork shank. I saw it coming from a distance and I knew it was ours, i was like "holy cannolli!!!" It was huge!!! We took a few bites and were already full. It was delicious. We took it home with us and ate it for the next 2 days. Still delicious!!! And for dessert, we had the Dark Chocolate Crispy Fernet Pave, Malt Gelato, Caramel Pudding. That was also very good. Then the bill came, it came up to $130 something. It was pretty pricey but to really think about it... We had at least 4 drinks, 4 appropriate sized small plates, a giant entree and a dessert??!?!?!! I think that wasn't that bad. I was also very impressed on all the servers. They definitely know their food and drinks. Our waiter recommendations were right on the spot and the rest of the servers who came to dropped off the plates for us explained everything in details what is in that plate.It can get really loud there and the waiting can get a little inconvenience since there was no waiting room and everyone just piled up around the bar area, making the entrance is a little inconvenience.The front dining room is pretty small and crammed, so, you have to walk through carefully in the dark while people are eating. But hey... once you're sat with drinks and these amazing food, you'll soon forget about all that husslings around you. This place is a must try!!!!It was a Thursday morning, so there was a table or two open, but if you plan on trying L&E on a busier day of the week they don't reservations unless you are a guest upstairs. As we slowly caffeinated ourselves I took in the similarly hip, down-to-earth and amazingly branded decor as I had I experienced upstairs as a guest in their Inn. A vintage juke box in the corner plays a mix of classic honky-tonk and low-key indie music, the impressive whiskey (etc) selection covered one entire wall, and all of the worn and natural wood played well off of the subtle golds and black throughout. The first time I ate here I had the sunny side duck egg hash with incredibly moist duck confit, yukon gold potatoes, spring onions, and a black truffle vinaigrette turned out to be one of the greatest meals of my life. The eggs were cooked to perfection and the hash was bursting with flavor, very down-home yet sophisticated and well thought out. This was refined comfort food as its best. The service has been great but totally laid back every time I've been in there for both a meal and drinks. I don't have a singular bad thing to say about Longman. You must eat there, clearly, but if you have the opportunity to stay in the inn you almost owe it to yourself! Enjoy!We had a wonderful night outside on the patio.  Food was interesting, amazing bourbon and beer list.  I thought the presentation was just a wee bit affected (reminded me of the episode from Porltandia when the couple goes to visit the farm where the chicken they're about to eat was raised).  Other than that, full speed ahead.Duck egg hash with duck confit  is out of this world service is pretty good considering this place is usually packed for dinner or weekend brunch.  The only thing I wasn't really sold on was the burger but I think that's because mostly everything else on the menu is just so good.  I count myself lucky to live a 5min walk from this place .This is my second trip to Longman & Eagle; the first was a delicious meal on the patio.  I can't say that my trip last week with a quick bite at the bar was anything short of chaos.  After being ignored by the bar staff who was more interested in calling what they termed it "Staff Meetings" where they all did a shot of alcohol.  We finally had a female bartender who appeared out of nowhere to take our dinner order and serve us.  The "Staff Meetings" continued behind the bar and I don't know about you but if I am paying for a lovely handmade cocktail I don't want it made by a bartender who consumed 3 shots in the short 45 minutes we were there.  The kitchen staff was no better and my chef friend who was my dinner companion, was appalled as the dishes and plates were tossed around during the Rock the Kasbah interlude.  Although the food was a solid B, the remembrance of the goings on and bartender drinking frenzy over powered all of the tasty bits we consumed.I have been here a couple of times and have liked all the drinks and food.Alrighy now, let's be a little objective here. I know that we are all excited to have a new spot in Logan Square but there are some issues to address here. I will be upfront and say that I did not eat when I was here but that was mostly due to the fact that there were few if any items that I could eat. I looked and looked at the menu and I believe that there were 3 maybe 4 items on the entire menu that didn't include beef or pork. The scallops had beef, one salad was made with a bacon dressing, the list continues. If you eat anything and everything and could care less about the number of calories, grams of fat and your cholesterol level then you should be happy here. The food did look and smell delicious but I am really tired of places that serve pork with their pork. Impress me with something that I've never heard of before or tasted together. Besides that the bar is cool and old fashioned. The crowd on a Wednesday night was very Logan Square hipster. And it was pretty packed at 7pm when I got there. It thinned out a bit by 8:30. I can't even imagine how packed this place must get on the weekends. It was a typical loud bar which also might not be ideal for a nice dinner out. The staff was very nice and helpful. The beer list was great and the whiskey list is phenomenal. They did have a cool old juke box which had some good tunes on it. I know there was music playing when I was there but I couldn't tell you what it was. My only other complaint was that the bathrooms were a bit dirtier than I would expect. I hope that is something that they fix quickly. I will go back sometime to try one of the few items on the menu that I can eat. Until then I can't give it a completely fair review. So far it is a nice place to grab a beer or whiskey but expect it to be crowded if you go at a peak time.We stopped in here last nite for dinner, and there's not much that I didn't like.  The restaurant was full, but we were able to sit immediately (granted it was a Monday evening).We shared the pear salad to start which was a simple light way to start our meal.  I then had the scallops & oxtail (I agree with other reviews that the amount of oxtail was lacking) and the hubby ate the boar sloppy joe (Yum!).  So, yes...I agree that the portions for some of the dishes seemed scanty...but it also left room for dessert (creme brulee and chocolate lava cake) so I can't complain about that!Our service was attentive, and the thing I disliked the most was probably the couple sitting next to us that were talking way too loud for being so close.  We'll be back!Had some appetizers at the bar.  To the reviewer who couldn't put her finger on what was in the kobe meatballs: it was the cheese sauce that they were swimming in.  The craft cocktails didn't bowl me over with the eye-droppers of housemade bitters.  I guess I'm becoming a hipster-gastropub cynic.  Maybe if I lived in the neighborhood I'd stop in for a drink.Went on a Saturday night. Busy bar, fun atmosphere. The strawberry shortcake is scrumptious -- lite dish, no syrupy strawberries, just fresh and good. The cake part of the shortcake sent me back to the crust on my mom's all-homemade, made-from-scratch pecan pie. So good.Great beer menu. No doubt about it. Been long on Unibroue Maudite for a while now, so pleased to see it on tap here. On the food side, great looking menu. Went with the sloppy joe. Meh. Texture-wise, it takes you back. Flavor was fine but not great; expected more from the jalapeno in it. Not like this was a Manwich or something, but really nothing special at all. My buddy's burger and fries looked good but also really greasy (as was my sloppy joe). Buffalo frog's legs for a starter? Meh. Ate here at 9pm on a Monday night so at least didn't have to deal with any crowds. Service was quite good. Wouldn't go back unless in a big crowd that involved a lot of chances to sample different things.I'm a big fan of this place, great food, atmosphere and service. I ordered the special of the day, which was the Chef caught bluefish driven in from somewhere on the east coast the day before. Everything we ordered was delicious, and the drinks were fun and unique. Don't bother getting a beer here... I just told the bartender my favorite spirit and he made me a great drink.I'm rating this place 3.5 stars. I went here with my bro on a Friday night . . . you know, two dudes out on the town.  We arrived at 7:15 pm, and we were told the wait was an hour and a half (they don't take reservations).  This wasn't surprising as we had been warned by other Yelpers.  We walked over to the pizza place around the corner, and we had a few beers.  It seems that the pizza place gets a significant amount of business from L&E overflow.  At 8:45 pm on the dot, we received a call from the hostess (who was quite friendly) telling us that our table was available.  As we walked to our table, I could see that L&E faithfully observes many of the gastropub tropes: lots of wood, small space, low overhead lighting with puny- table-candle task lighting, a tiny open kitchen, a quirky signature decorative item (arrows in glass vases on built-in wall shelves).  It was fine, but I've been to other places with a similar aesthetic that did a better job of capturing the casual and rustic elegance that I think L&E is striving for (i.e., the Spotted Pig and the Hopleaf).   Our server, a youngish, hipsterish guy, was friendly and welcoming.  We received our drinks promptly.  Because I had previously had a few beers and was already somewhat inebriated, I elected not to order a drinking whisky or a beer.  Instead, I got a cherry cola, and the bro got a birch beer - both were pretty good.Our meal was kicked off by a sample size of white truffle risotto.  Tasty but nothing special.  We ordered two starters - the scallops with oxtail and truffle gnocchi and the veal heart.  Both were very good.  The scallops were cooked well, and I was surprised that their flavors were nicely complemented by the oxtail (which was served pulled meat style).  The veal heart was cut up into little cubes and served along with a tasty long-ravioli-type pasta stuffed with a delicious gravy like substance.  The veal heart was soft and a little creepy but tasty, and the pasta thingy was really tasty. For entrees, I ordered the pork belly and the bro ordered basically a big plate of assorted protein (two kinds of stewed meats, foie gras, bone marrow).  My pork belly was good, but it was nothing special.  It was served on a bed of risotto and  topped off with chestnuts; it tasted a lot like a Korean dish called kalbi jim, which is essentially stewed short ribs in a somewhat sweetish soy-based marinade.  The bro's entree was unimpressive.  The stewed meats were too soft and lacked character.  There was only a tiny amount of bone marrow - the bro's plate had a hollowed out bone filled with mashed potatoes, and the bone marrow was just two small cubes atop of the potatoes.  The bone marrow wasn't even that good.  The cubes were white and tasted kind of like fat.  Apparently, some of the bone marrow had been whipped into the potatoes, but that seems like a strange choice as the potatoes, while good, were not especially marrow-tasting.  The foie gras was the only part of his dish that we liked.  But we agreed that his dish, which was a not inexpensive $29, was pretty mediocre.Overall, I came to L&E really psyched, and I left stuffed, underwhelmed, and with a much lighter wallet. I won't be going back any time soon.Great presentation, amazing food, quality liquor selection.After wanting to try L & E for the past few months I was finally able to sneak in on a Sunday afternoon and sit at the bar.  I didn't know they featured such a great brunch menu and had already eaten my breakfast item for the day.  So, I was left with some salad choices, some appetizers and then I spotted the pork belly BLT - oh yeah is all I can say.  This is one of the best sandwiches I've had and certainly nothing like the plain old BLT you may get at a diner.  The sandwich is on the right type of bun, perfect lettuce choice and of course the Bacon - yes it deserves a capital B - was amazing.  With a stack of fantastic fries, a super friendly staff and a whole bunch of items I didn't get to try, I'll be back.  Once I have dinner there I may add another star.L&E is my neighborhood watering hole, it's literally one minute away including time to lock my front door and crossing the street. Pretty awesome place, my favorite thing about this place is the bar (literally, the actual carved wooden bar is awesome) not to mention some pretty good mixologist who know how to make unique concoctions that you've never tried before. The food is good as well, I personally think the brunch menu is the best. Dinner menu has an array of organ meat pates, things in tiny jars with fancy schmeres of colorful sauces and such, it's hipster lets not kid ourselves, but it's done well. The only thing is, now that it's Michelin star rated it's busy, busy and for a neighborhood watering hole it gets super packed, especially on the weekends. One thing that I don't like, you end of smelling like beef fat fries as soon as you walk in the door, but then again so does everyone else. Give it try, you won't be disappointed.Amazing. This was my first gastropub experience and this place really sets the bar for the concept. Great food, relaxed atmosphere. Came on a Monday at noon- sat down immediately no wait. The menu is not extensive ( a good thing) 2 pages with thoughtful and slightly elegant yet unpretentious food. I had the sunny side duck egg duck hash and it was amazing. My friend had the pigs head- tete a la something or other- and it was also perfect- the pigs head was flavorful without being overpowering and so tender-flaking away with just a fork. Plus a mimosa with fresh squeezed OJ. YUM. This place is about the food- not the hype, though they definitely deserve their fair share. Their drink menu is extensive. Truly for a connoisseur, i imagine, as I am not one. For the price, you can't beat it- 2 people under $30 leaving full and satisfied. I cant wait to come back for dinner.I honestly don't understand what all the rap about this place is about. My boyfriend and I, two individuals that love to eat good food in the city of Chicago could not have been more disappointed, and be at variance with the majority of food enthusiasts we know. First time we went there was during a Sunday brunch... it was busy. "This...", we thought "...looks promising". We didn't wait that long for a table, but we did wait on our waiter a lot (oh the irony). There were out of everything that we had set our eyes on, not only was she absent a lot but she couldn't even explain to us what they actually DID have on the menu. We waited again. We decided to leave after just a sip of our coffee. My boyfriend asked her if she wanted us to pay for those coffees because we were not interested in eating any of the three things that were available from the menu. Second time it was dinner time. We met up with a friend who had invited us out to this spot - After a few months of our dissatisfaction with the service of this place, we decided to give it another chance and actually try the food that everyone keeps jabbing about....our server this time was not that bad, but she was still talking to us like we didn't fucking know what small plates are - do you realize what kind of people you're serving? People who have worked in the service industry for years (my boyfriend), and who love to go out to eat/dine aka foodies. You don't need to tell us what small plates are, just because we have never ate there, doesn't mean that we have never been to a restaurant with food that serves small plates we can share. I had the burger, because it sounded appetizing at the time - I asked for it to be med-well and it was... pretty well done, which was okay I guess. I was not impressed with the food. Oh and p.s. the hostess was fairly incompetent. Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.There are better spots in Logan Square.The porchetta paired with the risotto was absolutely delicious! I had to stop myself from licking the plate. My boyfriend had the strip steak and he felt it was very flavorful and very tender. Our wait was only 10 minutes if that-- we were seated very quickly. And our server Ryan was very attentive and helpful. I want to come back here for brunch.Dinner and Brunch here is fantastic.  The service is great too.  I've managed to not order the sloppy joe every time I've been, but I sure as heck want to!If there is a 3.5 star, I would give that, so I rounded up.  I went with a friend about a month ago.  Had the rabbit pate, a foie gras/raspberry dip with a really fancy name, their highly rated sloppy joes, cream ravioli.  I gatta say, very interesting food for sure, but did not exactly got blown away.  Very good and interesting flavors embedded within each dish, but they tend to be on the heavy side.  I guess this is where the whiskey would come in and lift the heaviness to wash down your palate.  To bad, I decided to just enjoy my food that night.  So, overall, if you are looking for place for a couple friends to enjoy some interesting flavors and whiskey, give Longman & Eagle a shot.Great.  I need to go back a couple more times.Excellent brunch, attentive service...just be sure to get there on the early side on a Sunday morning, it gets VERY busy.  I think everyone knows this place delivers a fine brunch indeed.I was just there to grab some drinks last night.  I ate their a couple of months ago and I thought the food was good. Not spectacular but very good. The cocktails are amazing. I love the staff they are friendly and knowledgable. I will be back for some more cocktails and to give the food another try.Oh my god! Sooo good! I tried the negroni cocktail and it's my new favorite summer drink, it's a must! Had olives , bone marrow , and mackerel . Olives of course were tasty , the bone marrow was a nice surprise (tasty bruschetta like ) that you scooped out of the bone and spread on grilled bread. We ordered the Tuna , skirt steak ,curried carrots and suckling pig with corn risotto . And by far the the sucking pig with corn risotto was by far amazing!  Did I say amazing! I'm a big foodie and this did it for me! The favors were loaded and melted in your mouth. For dessert was amazing too , we  had corn churros and financier and they were amazing too! So if you don't mind a little wait and can relaxi with a cocktail outside you will love it!There isn't that much that puts this restaurant ahead of any other in the Logan Square neighborhood.  The food is really good, maybe a bit overpriced, but the service (our waiter) needed an attitude check.    The least you can do when spending $100+ for lunch/dinner is say "you're welcome" when you drop off drinks at your tables.  Smile, you may receive a better tip.Presentation - beautiful.  Food- good.  Service - not so great.  I'm still not sure why this place is so popular.  Overrated.  if you go, go for the cocktails and then head to Telegraph to eat.My fav place in Chicago. Food is so unique and sooo good. If you want to get full on dinner though, this place is more like $$$ not $$. Got two alcoholic drinks, two appetizers, two entrees, and one dessert for $110  before tax and tip. Their brunch is also amazing.First, eat before you go there.  Because after buying 3 appetizers about $15.00 each and a $32.00 entrée I was starving. The appetizer was two bones (seriously) with a 1/2 teaspoon of something and 4 pieces of toast about $ 16.00. I ordered the special of the night monkfish. I got a big fishbone and 2 tiny, tiny bite sizes of monkfish. The other appetizer was a shaving of a carrot and about 5 nibblets of corn $16.00. The other was a basic tiny tiny salad $15.00.   I mean you have got to be kidding.This place will not last a year.  I have lived and dined in Chicago for over 45 years. I would never recommend this place to anyone. The service is good. But the whole concept of starving and robbing your customers is not for me.Great breakfast - I had the chicken and waffles with sweet potato hash, a side of sausage, and my friend had an omelet. Bourbon selection was *excellent* - so good it had me sampling a Willett at 1030 in the morning. Service was attentive, fun, knowledgeable, and let us linger for a long time. Perfection from start to finish. Don't change a thing.Not disappointed. Fabulous food. Great service. Fantastic drink menu. We (3 ppl) had three small plates, three entrees and two deserts. Delicious. Only a little bit loud for my taste. But: Go and check it out!Great vibe and decor. Went in with four friends and was immediately welcomed and seated. The Wild Boar Sloppy Joe was excellent - knife and fork required. The drink selection was amazing (and the prices reasonable). A great spot for a date, or to bring some friends for drinks and good food. Also, for the second night, they really had their act together. Out waitress split our check (between three different people) without missing a beat. Fantastic service, outstanding food, and some marvelous drinks.After a long night of gluttony and consumption. My husband and I went here for drinks and a late night snack. The staff was more than helpful with offering suggestions for both. We started with the smoked sweetbreads, which was on the small plates list-so don't expect a large portion. (Enough for at least 4 bites.) It was perfectly prepared to melt in your mouth, with its brown butter applesauce and tasty bites of beets. Next, we (with the help of the bar back) decided on the scallops with oxtails. Again, the scallops were perfectly cooked with an even sear on both sides, and fantastic flavorings, with the help of the well marinated oxtail. Every bite, made me want more, and more, etc!Finally we decided on some desert. Not listed on the Internet, they have a chocolate cake with a wine reduction sauce. I have to say, that was the least memorable part of the meal, but tasty nonetheless.As for cocktails, they are very heavy on American made liquor, especially whiskeys. Which if you read the long menu, you can actually go through a whiskey flight tasting.Overall, I love Longman and Eagle. Just make sure you get there late, or on a weeknight. Don't even try to get in on a weekend, unless, there's a blizzard, it's almost closing time, or you don't mind a 2 hour wait.We actually came here from a recommendation from a bar tender in the loop.  None of us were expecting much, just some whiskey from around the globe.  But the quality of the food and drinks were bar none.  This bar probably delivered the best old fashion and Manhattan I have ever tasted.  Honestly, its like you could literally taste the care in which the bartender put in to make those drinks. The cuisine was delicious as well.  One may think it a little pricey, but the quality of the drink and even the food...definitely a bargain.  All in all, if your a lover of whiskey, this is the place to go. I've also been all over the world and that old fashion- will definitely have me coming back.I wanted so much to love Longman & Eagle.  I certainly could have been their perfect customer:  I live in the neighborhood, I'm notoriously nocturnal, and I hoped to wallow, Meat Joy style, in piles of succulent kobe beef and unctuous pork belly.   So my disastrous experience was incredibly disappointing.We were thrilled to have the chance to eat real food, late a night, on a Thursday in Logan Square after a long plane ride.  We found the atmosphere was pleasant, almost peaceful, but too dark to read the menu without cantilevering the table's tea light to and fro.  This was a shame, as the whiskey and drink menus are extensive, but challenging to choose from at such a low wattage, so we forwent alcohol altogether.  This makes me sound cranky, and old, and with poor night vision, but I assure you I have good night vision.We had three dishes - a sunchoke soup, the brandade, and the kobe burger.   The highlight of the meal was the soup, which was creamy, balanced,  and subtly infused with crab and lemon. If I had only ordered this dish I would have left happy, if hungry and feeling a touch overcharged (at 10 dollars it certainly wasn't cheap).Sadly, the rest of the meal went severely awry.  My boyfriend's kobe burger was ordered medium rare and delivered medium well.  For a restaurant that prides itself on meat, this is an error of grand proportion.  To me, cooking a burger close to well done is the fastest way to ruin good meat so I feel it's not fair to rate the burger itself, except to say it was way oversalted (more on that later).  Another time we would have asked the restaurant to correct the mistake, but other aspects of our meal were so off and we were so tired that we didn't bother.  From the deft handling of the soup I would have expected a fluffy, rich brandade, but the texture was instead both liquid and lumpy.  The brandade was of course salty (it's made from potatoes and salt cod) and it ranks among my favorite things to eat in general - I even feel it's health-restoring when prepared correctly.  But this one was way too salty - the salt flavor overwhelmed the flavor of the dish, as if the cod hadn't been soaked enough.  It was basically inedible.The kicker to the meal, though, was the beef fat fries, which I hoped would save us from our lackluster burger and gloopy brandade.  You can always depend on fries when everything else is wrong with a meal, except at Longman and Eagle, where you can't.  Because of the salt.  Maybe beef fat fries are wonderful, but I wouldn't know because these fries were saltier than the brandade!  Saltier than a dish made of salt cod.  They too were inedible, and I am no enemy to salt.Defeated, or possibly hypertensive from the excessive sodium, we feebly paid our bill and left without complaint.  I want to be able to give L & E another chance, but I'm too afraid to risk having to decide between elevated blood pressure or unfulfilled hunger during my meal.  Perhaps it was an off night, but our meal was so incredibly misguided that I don't think I can give them another chance, except for perhaps conducting some clandestine espionage over a dimly-lit whiskey flight.  After all, spies never eat, do they?  However, if you routinely suffer from excessively low blood pressure and want to eat a meal comprised of salt, salt, and salt, I highly recommend L&E, it could be lifesaving.Decent sized place with a long bar front, separate back seating, gets pretty noisy, young crowd in logan square and they have Maudite beer!  good stuff to go with some unique dishes.  They have rooms available upstairs?  Thats what I've heard anyway.  Good for dates with friends or date dates.This place makes me wish I lived in Chicago (well, almost.) It def makes me want to visit more. Knowing this place exists, I will never wrap up a trip to Chicago without a visit to Longman and Eagle. Looking forward to the next time I can sit in the amazing bar room, eat amazing food and drink amazing drinks. Ohh Longman... how I long for you...I went here for a date a few months ago and I feel compelled to review my experience. I ordered the fluke and some wine. Everything was fresh and very well prepared. Even the beets tasted perfect. The flavors were all spot on and I walked away feeling completely satisfied. Service was good, no complaints at all. Despite being located prodigiously close to the locus of west side gentrification, I got absolutely no sense of snobbery or snotty hipness from the staff. Classy folks, all around.As my price range rating suggests, this is not a cheap BYOB. Know this going in and you'll be fine; you definitely get what you pay for here! I was, however, surprised at how widely the prices on the menu varied, ranging from the burger/fries variety (around $9-10) to pricier fish and meat dishes ($20-$40). Although I only got the fluke and I can't say if the burgers are any good, I can't imagine the same people that made that fluke could screw up a burger, and one could conceivably have a great meal here for less than the price of a shitty 3D movie.As trite as it sounds, it was truly the best meal I've had in a long time. As Logan Square continues to gentrify, I hope that more quality establishments like Longman crop up. If I had an extra zero or two on my paycheck I'd be here every other night but as it stands I'll settle for coming back to splurge once in a while.I am extremely torn about this place.  That being said, I gave it four stars because I believe that restaurant ratings should be based on quality of food concept and culinary execution.  It was Friday night... and of course they were busy, which is great and fine... we were not in a hurry, just wanting to enjoy an evening out.  At the door we were quoted 50 minutes, which was fine - but there was ZERO room at the bar, so we decided to go to the tapas place next door for a drink.  Left our phone number with the hostess and said we would definitely be back.  the phone rang not even a half hour later (which was only annoying due to the fact that we almost considered going somewhere else - and we had barely finished our drinks.)  We pounded our drinks and ran over to L&E to avoid them giving our table up.  We were seated - and then we waited and waited and waited.  Someone came by with water, which was great, but no "hey, i'll be with you in just a minute" or even an acknowledgement that we were at the table.  annoying.When the waiter finally did come over it was the typical what can i get you to drink and are you ready to order... IM SORRY!?!? what?! The drinks took at least 10 minutes to arrive (and NO i'm not exaggerating... i worked in the restaurant business for 12 years).  The drinks were lovely however... We then started by ordering 3 plates and a dinner entree.  The waiter then asked if we knew what we were having for our main course.  We explained that we wanted to start with that and see how we felt afterwards.  We also explained that we understood that it meant that it might take us a little longer to get the food and we were fine with that.  He seem overly annoyed... which made me annoyed.  We had the marrow, the scallops, the sweetbreads, the ricotta gnuddi, the soft shell crabs (amazing), and the cauliflower entree.  All of the food was delicious and innovative - the flavors were fantastic... the marrow was perfect and the sweetbreads were accessible even to those who wouldn't normally enjoy or venture to taste it!I give 5 stars to the food / drinks and 2 stars for the service (at least that of the server)  the support staff (i.e. food runner and bussers) were extremely helpful.  It's hard to tell if it was just the server just not being a good server, or if he was extremely overwhelmed and needed more support... either way it took away from the experience. I would come back for the food, only if I knew that the service would be better.Lives up to the hype? Yes. Worth the 30 minute wait? Yes. Friendly and knowledgeable servers and bartenders? Yes. If I had to make one criticism....ehh, why bother reaching.  Nothing bad to say...Went for one of their first brunch services. Sat outside on a glorious day.  Food and drinks were great.  Clearly a foodie haven.  It was so hard to pick what we wanted because everything looked so great.  Settled on the eggs benny which did not disappoint.  Next time, I'm having one of the sandwiches, they looked wonderful.What a great spot!Went there last night with a friend for dinner and everything from start to finish was great.There's a great vibe to the place and everyone was super nice. I'm also a fan of the open kitchen concept in restaurants, which L&E has.We decided to share some appetizers and to split one entree. We started off with buffalo frog legs with whipped blue cheese-YUM!!! Next, we shared a cheese plate and all the cheeses were delicious and came with some baguette chips and dry apricots. Next we got the scallops and OMG, were they delicious! Perfectly seared and served on a bed of this mixed bean medley. And finally our chicken entree arrived and again, it was awesome! slightly crispy on the outside, well seasoned, but not overwhelming. Really delicious!The service was great, the courses were timed well and explained by our food runner.Really great experience, can't wait to go back in a couple of weeks for a friend's baby shower.Delicious and eccentric array of food...next time I'll have to try some whiskey...The sloppy joe will change your life. I'm not a 'loose meat' gal, but this sandwich makes you believe in a God (pickled jalapeno, hello???). I think they could pepper in a few more interesting beers - but the sloppy joe really cancels out any possible criticisms I have about L&E. The decor is most excellent and I'm so happy to see a cool neighborhood hotel open in Chicago (better late than never). Kudos to Longman & Eagle for taking a risk - it has paid off! (Can I buy your beautiful jukebox?)Delicious food, cool atmosphere.Started with the pretzel and bone marrow. MMMMM. Shared a burger and left really satisfied. We walked in at 9:30 on a snowy Saturday night and only had to wait 5 minutes for a table!Monte Cristo!!! He was the Prince of the ball!  Was Monte Cristo a man?  At any rate.  You must try the brunch at Longman & Eagle.  This is not your everyday monte cristo but the perfect balance of sweet and savory. I can't further describe my love for the restaurant any better than the other hundreds of positive reviews. So stop reading and researching and just GOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Love this place! Great cocktails, great food, great place to come with friends, share some delicious small(ish) plates and relax. The waitstaff is a little snooty (or that might just be the remains of my hipster-hatred from having worked in Williamsburg for 2 years), but the food is way more memorable than the service.I've been here several times- it's super popular and busy now, but I went a few times in the summer and it was far less crowded before all the buzz.Last visit: The Shrubbery was awesome! Sweet, refreshing, and packed a fair kick. Also, my friend ordered a hot toddy and it was unexpectedly delicious. They have a decent beer list and a lot of fairly cheep whisky.My female friend and I shared: scallops with braised oxtail and truffle gnocchi, buffalo frog legs with aerated blue cheese, lobster parfait with bacon, and tete du cuchon with fried duck's egg and a parsley shallot salad.Our third dinner companion was a vegetarian and had: pretzel with cheese, and butternut squash risotto.Everyone left full and happy.The scallops, the frog legs and aerated blue cheese, and the tete were my favorite on this visit, as they were in the past. I think the other times I dined there the scallops had a different preparation, but were equally delicious. I also loved the marrow on another visit, but my friend and I didn't want to offend our vegetarian companion TOO much (our meat orgy already had 8 different animals represented, and I didn't want to add carving marrow out of actual bone). I wasn't super impressed with the lobster parfait- the lobster meat was a tad tough, and the other main component of the parfait was some sort of sweet root vegetable puree that was a little too sweet and mealy for my taste- something saltier or creamier would have been more pleasant. The only other dish I have ever been disappointed by was some sort of sashimi dish that fell flat both in presentation and in flavor complexity. Other than that, "snacks," small plates, entrees, desserts and cocktails have all been very pleasing.A pleasant surprise from the last visit: an amuse bouche of a creamy soup with crab and smoked bacon. Very delicious,Round 2 at L&E.  I'm not going to talk about the food because it was just as awesome as it was the last time.  I would love to give a shout out to the staff, they were fab.  The gal at the door was happy to seat us for dinner, even though they weren't serving dinner just yet.  We got settled in to our table and had some delicious brews and our server came by with menus when it was time to order.  He was helpful and attentive and most of all, he noticed that we were celebrating a birthday for my dear friend, Karrie.  Our food came out perfectly timed, just about finishing one when the next arrived.  When it was time for dessert, one came with a candle, we did NOT mention this to him, he was just paying attention.  Also, there was no cheesy Happy Birthday song, which is just the way Karrie liked it.  Thank you, L&E for another delightful experience!This place was awesome. The hike getting over there was another story. I went for an early breakfast and we were the only people inside. Food was on point and I enjoyed my PBR breakfast. I would have rather came later in the evening when the atmosphere was different. Also the whiskey menu is unreal. I'll definitely be back again. I think it's a great spot to show new people in town.Came here for brunch, which I might like even more than their dinner. Lighting struck, and our party of three was seated immediately. Chicken and waffles were great, but the pork belly hash was the star of that dish. Tried my friend's biscuits and gravy, and if I could, I'd bathe in it. The sausage white gravy was what my dreams are sometimes made of.  Extra points for the coffee presses they provide. Service was decent, and they didn't pressure us to leave our table despite the growing line that was forming by the time we left. Little more laid back on Sundays, which was a relief. Sunday is a day of rest, even for hipsters.I really don't get what all the hype is about with this place!  Went with my husband & another couple on Sat. night - 2.5 hour wait at 6:15, to be expected.  We went back to our friend's place nearby and they said they'd call us when we were getting close to the top - great feature!  We surprisingly got a call at 7:30, saying that several people had cancelled so we would be the next table.  So, we rushed back over - and proceeded to wait.  And wait.  There was a check down at the table that was supposed to be ours - and the people at the table continued to sit there, drinking water, well after they were done with their meal, while the check just sat there.  Pretty unbelievable, considering it was a Sat. night and there was a mass of people waiting for a table!  And the place is tiny.  They never did get up (unreal), so we were finally seated over an hour later in the back room (which is actually much better than the front area - bigger tables, more room and quieter).  So it worked out, even though we were obviously starving by the time we sat down.  On to the food... we ordered 4 small plates & 4 large plates, on the advice of our server.  He then brought out a little crab salad amuse bouche, which was delicious!  Based on that, we were very excited for the meal.  And that's where it went downhill.  Here's what we ordered and our verdict on each...-Buffalo frog legs - nothing special-Marrow - again, nothing special-Ricotta Gnuddi - these were interesting... but kind of dry.  I was the only one at the table who was a fan - I really liked the sauce that came with it.-Shrimp & grits - could have been good - but the shrimp was SO. SALTY.  Bordering on inedible.  The grits were great, but if you happened to some shrimp with it, the salt killed them.  There was a poached egg on top which we broke, but then there was no bread to dip into it, and tough to eat with a fork.  Kind of strange.-Flat Iron Steak - Decent, but the meat had kind of a strange texture.  They serve it very rare, so be prepared.  -Fluke - Totally blah, and again, super salty.-Cauliflower & Lentils - exactly what it sounds like.  Not much flavor.-Pork Shoulder - could have been good, but the meat was a bit dry.  Needed some sauce, maybe.Luckily, the desserts redeemed the meal a bit - esp. since I am a HUGE dessert person!  We got the pineapple upside down cake (AMAZING), and the chocolate tart (pretty delicious).   So - overall, not that impressed.  I was expecting so much more from a Michelin-rated spot.  However, I will say that the prices were totally reasonable.  We obviously ordered a lot, plus a couple drinks each - and the total (before tip) was about $50 per person.  I was just hoping to be blown away... and wasn't.So good. A new culinary treasure for Chicago..The cochon was delicious. Surprisingly as the description of it put me off, but it was tender with a perfect crispy crust. The 5 spice mustard cut through the fat nicely. I would go again just for the cocktails and whiskey/bourbon list. The service is good.Longman & Eagle is good, but not that good. NOT michelin worthy and I am still in shock about that. The beer and whiskey selections are awesome, their burger is good, the wild boar is good, the pretzel is good...I have had a ton of things there and they have all been good. AND JUST GOOD. Don't go there expecting to have your socks totally knocked off--it will not happen. And if you are acting like it just did your giving into the hype that is L&E.Some of the tastiest food I've had all summer - and great cocktails on top of that.Food was okay at best.  Got the grits and shrimp.  Over sauced and very little grits...which was okay because it was boring.  Atmosphere is nice and wait staff is good.  Nothing special in my opinion.This is one of my favorite places to eat and drink in Chicago. The bartenders make some mean cocktails and the food, oh, the food! Come on now! I haven't had a thing there that I didn't like, brunch or dinner. They also have a huge whiskey and bourbon selection.pretty damn good. the service was not up to my standards but honestly who cares if the food is as fantastic as this place. the risotto under the chicken was to die for and the ravioli steak and egg was creative and awesome. im pretty sure we had about 4 of the 5 desserts on the menu (fat) and they were all phenomenal as well. two thumbs up.oh also -- no reservations. we went at 6pm on a sunday and waited. so go with one other person or be prepared to wait for a bit.One of my new favorite restaurants in city.  Incredibly creative and in general all dishes like Lindsay S. were causing moans.  I want to try everything on the menu.  Plus they have whiskey and bourbon flights.  Heaven.We went here on a Friday. Yes the wait is long, but  the cocktails make it worth it. Step out of your comfort zone when ordering cocktails, all the whiskey and bourbon drinks were pretty damn tasty. 5 stars for the cocktails, 3 stars for the food.  I'm vegetarian though, so my perspective is skewed. My meat eating friends thought the food was awesome.45 minute wait, but who cares... it's Sunday Brunch... have a drink at the bar and chill the f#*k out... seated promptly... atmosphere was a little dark, but the Sun shown through... perfect... friendly, informed service... smart, rustic food for "foodies"... extensive, well-thought out beverage program... an excellent experience...Every time I've been here it has been great. I know I shouldn't be mad but the place is getting more popular, but all of the yuppies are coming from gold coast and the suburbs, crowding up the place and being loud - it kind of hurts the experience. Maybe I will only go during the week from now on...After coming here a half a dozen times for dinner and a handful of times for brunch (it's in the neighborhood) I am averaging this place as just so-so.  If you haven't been here before it's definitely worth trying but I've really found that the service for dinner is really hit or miss (although bartenders are always great) and the food is pretty good but some items are better than others.  One of my biggest complaints lately is waiting 2 hours for dinner on a Saturday and then getting rushed though when finally getting seated at 10:30pm.  The last two times I went we were waited on by the same person (Spencer? Preston?) and received instructions twice that the chef INSISTS we order all at once - I get it, it's a small kitchen...ordering all at once is fine...but don't hover over us and give us cold and pretentious service if we've waited for two hours.  The most this guy paid attention to us was to make sure we knew that we needed to order all at once...and he took our plates before we were finished.  With the small plates there is not much food to begin with so please let us finish it.  Also, the burger that our guests ordered the last two times was way undercooked...like cold...kind-of disappointing.Anyway, right now I'm just annoyed with our service last night -- I'm sure we'll be back...hey, it's in the neighborhood so what the hell.The wait is pretty long, but definitely worth it. You can either grab a drink at the bar or at the area around the back which makes the wait pretty easy. On my first trip I had the burger which I was not all that impressed by (the bacon and cheese were just a bit too much grease for me). Once I tried the rest of the menu, I was much happier. Be brave and order the bone marrow, it's delicious. The wild boar sloppy joe and roasted cauliflower entrees were good. I would suggest ordering a few of the small plates and some of the larger plates and then sharing. This food was not cheap, but for the price, it's more than worth it.YUMMERS!!!!!   Words cannot describe the quality of the appetizer, entree and dessert.I had dinner here for the first time on Thursday.  They have an EXCELLENT bourbon/whiskey/scotch menu.  It is perfect for the conisseur or a beginner.  My buddy had 2 different flights, and said both were very good (and he LIKES scotch) and reasonably priced.We next tried several small plates.  The pretzel and welsh rarebit was good, but was nothing unusual.  They had a small plate special of lobster, gnocchi, mushrooms, etc.  This was excellent.  My friend also had the English Pea Agnolotti, Roasted Trumpet Royal Mushrooms, Grana Padano, Black Truffle Vinaigrette and tried the beef tartar with the quail egg, pickled shallots and capers, which he said were well done.  The bone marrow dish was also very flavorful, with an excellent red onion jam.  Again well executed, but nothing shocking.For the entree, I tried the beef brisket.  It had duck fat fingerlings (very good), a pasta filled with bone marrow, and  was good for the first few bites.  However, of the 5 slices of beef, 2 were complete cuts of fat.  While I expect brisket to have fat on it, serving 2 slices of pure fat with no beef at all was not good.  However, our server, Jacob, came over to check on us at just that time, and when he looked at the brisket, he commented that this was unacceptable, before I had even mentioned anything.  He insisted on bringing me another dish and taking the beef off our tab.I instead tried the suckling pig.  This was INCREDIBLE!  The pig was extremely juicy and flavorful.  It had what I would describe as a corn puree surrounding it that was an excellent balance to the pig.  It also had a small amount diced fruit on top of the pig and a pimento oil sauce drizzled around it that worked well with the pork.  My friend tried a bite and agreed it was the best thing we had eaten there that evening.  I would recommend this to anyone.All in all, a VERY good meal.  2 flights of alcohol, 6-7 well executed small plates and a delicious entree for under $100.  And Jacob, our server, was very attentive, especially during the dinner rush.I'll be back.It's truly hard to beat for brunch or dinner.  I've only been disappointed by a very small handful of dishes (two or three) after easily well over a dozen visits.   The only real downside is the absurd wait times for dinner on weekends.  The food is amazing, but in my opinion, in a food city as great as Chicago, very few places are ever worth waiting two hours for.  Nonetheless, if you can get in early, it's well worth the prices.The food at this place aims high but falls flat.  If you want great pub food just go to the publican.  I've eaten the burger which was kind of pathetic and the marrow bones which were great but served with some kind of disgusting mystery relish.  The sausage is pretty gross too (how about setting your grinder to a thicker setting?)  My friend ordered a soup that had about four spoonfuls in it.  They do have a respectable beer selection at fair prices and alcoholics will love the $3 whiskey menu.  I'd recommend going here after dinner at Lula but avoid the food at all costs.Great beer selection and solid food menu with creative twists on classics.  I don't remember what we had exactly, but I know the wild boar sloppy joe made an appearance...delicious.We'll definitely be back to try the rest of the menu.I'm gonna go ahead and bump this up to 5 stars because in the multiple times I've returned since bourbonfest 2010, everything has been stellar. Their PBR breakfast is the perfect morning (or afternoon) pick-me-up -- it seriously will cure all ails. I adore this place.I went into this place for brunch. I've heard good things. There's a buzz here.  The service was very good. The menu appeared very interesting. I ordered the Brioche French Toast, which comes with vanilla ice cream and peach preserves. I was excited. As we waited, we were the only people in the place. I started to think that I've never seen so many people doing so little. It took a little while, not too long, but a bit. Then I got, ONE FIVE INCH SQUARE OF FRENCH TOAST, and a dollop of ice cream! 9 BUCKS. really? It was good. I was done in 30 seconds, but it was good. I went in for a meal and was given one piece of bread, and a $3 small glass of OJ.After I left, I walked across the street to McDonald's and finished eating.I went to Longman & Eagle on a Wednesday night with a group of 5 and had a great evening!  The wine/beer/cocktail selection is well-rounded, and the variety of dishes is impressive!  We didn't know what some of ingredients referenced on the menu were but had no fear.  We shared some small plates, scallops (delish!), bone marrow (okay), and pretzel with cheese (never fails).  They were all about appetizer size.  My entree - pork belly - was perfectly tender yet crispy, and the side dishes were tasty though small.  Portions overall are moderate, but the food is of good quality and appropriately priced.  The ambiance is cozy but many notches above that of a typical pub.  The service was good as well.My friends enjoyed their dishes as well and we would definitely return!One of the better restaurants I've visited. Went with a group, so we were able to order the majority of the small plates they offer. Everything was cooked perfectly and was absolutely scrumptious. The veal sweatbread with jonah crab fondue was particularly delightful; the salty crispy sweatbread paired perfectly with the creamy sweetness of the crab. Drinks were equally as impressive. I highly recommend the Longman Manhatten.1 excellent brunch and 3 phenomenal dinners.  My partner and I have tried something different every time and enjoyed every bite.  No service issues, in fact they've been pleasant and particularly knowledgeable about the beers even when we aren't, good suggestions every time.  I enjoy the unexpected mix of flavors/ingredients, always surprised at how well it turns out.  Very urban hipster crowd, mostly laid back and unassuming.  Open very late for dinner and the food is just as good at midnight.  Note to other reviewers: for pity's sake, keep it brief!  Good or bad, I don't need to know every tiny detail of your visits!  I don't care if you went with your aunt who was visiting from Tulsa because she's having a hip operation due to the fall she took last month blahblahblah...Totally love this restaurant!  All of my girlfriends' dinner plates ordered including mine, was perfect!  Love the intimate beautiful space in the back.  Our waitress was so sweet and accommodating.  Highly recommend this place!Its a whisky bar.  I say, try the whisky.  In fact, try several of them.  Longman has a varied list of taster ladders, all starting cheap and working northward.  I think I went with the "stairway to heaven" sampler and got stuck on a whiskey found halfway up that stairway.  Cool atmosphere.  I was fresh off a plane and we hit the spot late enough that the place wasn't crowded.  Cool bartender who didn't look at me like I was an idiot when I asked about the multiple flavors of whisky or whiskey (yes I learned there is a difference) offered up at the joint.  The wierd wild game appetizers were good enough, but the variety of  spirits stood out the most.  I remember them well...and most of the rest of the evening.Well worth the 1.5 hour wait.Absolutely amazing!  Highly recommended.  We ordered the scallops to start, which was the best scallops dish I've ever had, period.  For our mains we had the wild boar sloppy joe and the venison, and they were both excellent.  Bang for buck, this is probably one of the best restaurants in Chicago.  The only downside is the super long wait (1-1.5 hours) and there is very limited bar seating as you're waiting.  I would definitely recommend going either very early or very late to avoid the long wait, but even if you do end up waiting it's completely worth it!Apparently we were not the first to discover Longman & Eagle!  My husband and I and another couple had decided to double date on Saturday night and try this place out.  Knowing that they don't take reservations we had a contingency plan in mind and were willing to spend a little quality time in the bar until we were seated (twist our arm).  As we walked in, we quickly noticed the place was packed and when we asked for a table for 4, they politely told us that they were no longer seating tables for 4 and that it was likely longer than a 3 hour wait for dinner!  Dejected, we left and decided we'd try again another time...after all, it really smelled delicious!!!  We'll be back for another attempt Longman & Eagle....we haven't given up yet!Had lunch midday, they offer an brunch menu which has plenty to choose from. I had a nice cup of  coffee and the egg Benedict with Peeky toe crab which was amazing. The bacon served with it  has a sweetness with a crunch that is absolutely delic.. as are the potatoes served with it . Also tried the pear and frissee salad, which was very good as well, nice choice of mixed greens. Tried my guys wild boar sloppy joy and that was also very tasty. The service was prompt and polite...overall very good experience....would definitely go back.Was craving some late night food and drinks and was tired of the typical Chicago bar/sports bar in Lincoln Park/Lakeview where I live.  This place has been on my list of places to try for a while. Definitely was worth the drive to Logan Square. Went after midnight on a weeknight so no issues with wait. I work in a restaurant and am somewhat of a foodie, but I have nothing but good things to say about this place and my experience. The entrees are a little pricey for pub fare and I was looking to be budget friendly so I went with the burger. Definitely one of the better burgers I have had in Chicago in a while. Was served with a good sharp cheddar, Nueske's bacon, and beef fat fries. Burger was cooked med rare as asked, was juicy, well seasoned, tasted great. My buddy had the Sloppy Joe. Sloppy Joe was awesome; the crispy sage they use added great flavor. Kick ass drink menu, $ 3 dollar whiskey shots, and cans of PBR which was cool because I was looking to be cheap but they have a great selection of micro and craft beers if you are looking to step it up. I did break down and try their house Old Fashioned. Specialty cocktails were $8 which I think is very reasonable. Was definitely a really tasty Old Fashioned. If you like whiskey, you will be in heaven here as this place has a ridiculous selection.Cool vibe, unpretentious, chill place at least late night during the week. Sure this place is rocking during prime time. Service was friendly, informative, food and drinks arrived quickly. Again, have nothing but good things to say, Would definitely recommend this place and would like to return and try other menu items both food and beverages. Brunch looked really good as well.I think it's incredibly lame that so many reviewers complain about the sort of people that fill L & E.  Gimme a break, someone who is as happy with themselves as the reviews make them sound shouldn't give a crap about what other people are saying or wearing or what "douchy" neighborhood  they came from.  Anyway...my husband and I had a rare night away from the baby and promptly headed to Longman & Eagle.   Yeah, we had to wait.  But we knew we would.  A drink at each of the restaurants right next door helped pass the time.    We thought the food was sooo worth the wait.  I don't like that they encourage you to order everything at once--after waiting for two hours our eyes were def bigger than our stomachs and we ended up barely touching the last item (a $15 lobster parfait which was probably pretty good but our taste buds were just too worn out to appreciate it).   The scallops with gnocci were a big hit with us.  MMMMMMM!  We also really enjoyed the marrow.   The aerated blue cheese foam on the buffalo frog's legs was so interesting, quite an experience!   We had the tete du cochon too but didn't think it was quite as awesome as the other stuff.  Because we hardly ever get to have a kid free date these days we squeezed in dessert too--some chocolate torte thing with malt foam.  Very good and not too sweet, which was perfect.  We had a few drinks each and spent $150 with tip.  Kinda pricey I guess but we both thought it totally blew The Publican away.  The air in the place does get a little heavy with kitchen grease but  not intolerable like Geja's or something (barf).  I like that it is just off the blue line but there is a cheap parking lot right across the street too.  Overall it was a great meal, a great date and even though we really have to pick and choose our rare dinner dates I would go back to this place again in a heart beat!L&E was highly recommended to me by several coworkers, so I had high expectations when my boyfriend and I stopped there for dinner on a Wednesday night after work.  Perhaps it was a little over-hyped, because I found the place just didn't live up to the talk.We felt lucky to be seated soon after we arrived; the place was pretty packed for a week night.  By the time we left, it was standing room only.  I personally hate having no personal room to eat and drink, and with the crowd and close-set tables, the atmosphere just didn't feel comfortable.  Neither did the ratio of price to portion.  Ok, I get it--fine ingredients, unusual pairings, blah blah blah.  When I order venison I would like more than 3 bites on the plate.  And maybe a little more of the sides, please.  The food was pretty tasty (the bf had a delicious sloppy joe and incredible fries) but I expected a little more for my money.  At least, in Logan Square. The dessert saved the day.  The lemon trifle was perfect.  Drinks were good, too.  This place probably deserves a 3.5.For the price, you cant really beat what you are getting.  The food seems to be geared more towards foodies and the whiskey list is very comprehensive.  Definitely worth checking out, and staying for awhile!My wife and I went to Longman and Eagle Saturday night for her birthday, and thankfully the experience lived up to every positive review we've read.  First, we arrived at 7pm, and, as they don't take reservations, we were told that the wait would be two hours.  As luck would have it, a spot at the bar opened up and we were able to sit down after 45 minutes.  My wife had the burger of the day, which was excellent.  Great, fresh french fries.  To drink, I tried the new local distillery, Kova's white flight.  Excellent whiskey.  I had the  In any case, well worth the wait.Just going to add a line to say that dinner at Longman, particularly late-night dinner, is some of the best food available in the neighborhood and tends to have a lot better service. Still, I wish they would focus on hiring consistently good staff (and possibly get a floor manager) instead of whomever "looks right" for the place- there have got to be customer-service oriented hipsters out there somewhere, right? Lula seems not to have a problem with this.Everything on the brunch menu is amazing and the drinks are even better.  I love love love the biscuits and gravy, but the crab eggs benedict is a close second.The service at the bar is perfect, but one star off for the table service. I find it surprising that this place can keep their Michelin star with the lack of attentiveness from their servers. Long waits are worth it if you can get a seat at the bar!After an hour plus wait in the beer garden (L&E doesn't take reservations), we were nicely buzzed and ready to do some damage.  The wife and I ordered 7 share plates ranging from the sacred to the profane.  Bone marrow, Bourbon, and belly of beasts galore.  Food overall was fantastic, service was great. The place is dark, the tables are close together, and the vibe is energetic. For a Wednesday night, the place was packed, and the staff says its like that every night of the week. Full of locals, which is a good sign. Would recommend the roasted marrow bones, the 1/2 chicken, and all the Bourbon you can hold.Went with my Husband and 2 friends for dinner a couple Friday's back. Great place for a double date. Be prepared to wait. . . but worth it. The boys sipped on a whiskey flight, and the girls were able to enjoy trying some of the specialty cocktails. Really enjoyed the food. One member of our party had the burger. He claims that it was one of the top 5 burgers he has had in Chicago.I've heard very good things about this place and it did not disappoint.  I went for brunch on a Sunday around 1130 and only waited 20 minutes for an outside table.    I ordered the house made biscuits and gravy with 2 eggs which was unbelievable. Very tasty and not overly heavy.  I also split the wild boar sloppy joe which is by far the best sloppy joe I've had and probably ever will have.  Ordering this sloppy joe is a must!As far as drinks, if you go for brunch, order the "A good day to your sir"I had such an amazing breakfast here - sat at the bar, bartenders were super friendly - fluffiest omelet everPrior to my visit to this restaurant, I heard that it was fantastic from several people. It is. The food is great, the ambiance is warm and the bloody marys are fabulous. When we initially came in the host told us there was an hour wait so that seemed like a no brainer to go somewhere else. Thankfully, before we walked out we asked the host if we could sit at the bar which she was said was fine. I guess I just wonder why she did not offer it to us in the first place. Anyhow, it was great other than that. The bartenders moved quickly, were really nice and made tasty drinks. My friends and I tried the chicken and waffles, wild board sloppy joes and some sort of egg scramble thing--they were all so good! All in all it was a great experience for me and I will definitely go back!Highly recommended.  Food, service, drink..  All great!My husband and I went on a Saturday morning so expect to wait for this delicious food.  They don't take reservations unless you are staying at their inn.  We were told it was an hour wait for a table but had nothing to attend to so decided we'd wait.  We were seated within 20 - 30 minutes.  Very happy about this, considering the popularity of this locale.  You are able to sit at the bar and enjoy a drink while you wait.Food:  Limited menu but for good reason.  They pack such wonderful dishes and put much thought into each one.  Five stars for the chef.  I had the burger with egg on top.  Literally, the best burger I've had in Chicago.  My husband had the crab benedict with potatoes.  He fully enjoyed it as well.  Service:  Bartenders and staff are friendly.  The restaurant is small for the number of patrons they handle.  I wouldn't change a thing about this though, it makes the place unique.  Because this place is so busy you need to make it clear the two or three times you have your waitress exactly what you want to order.  He/she is constantly busy and may forget something if you don't communicate what you want at the beginning of your order.  Not sure how this can be fixed but I guess it's expected from a place that serves great food at a reasonable price.I think it's time to clear up some confusion.To do it the right way at L&E, first, get a room at the inn. You won't believe how affordable it is--so affordable that by the time you get there, you're already feeling good, and this is before you and your girlfriend start in on the champagne.  Sure, the artwork on the wall is a little disconcerting (Poster: "A significant episode in a life-long history of loneliness and alienation").  But otherwise the room is charming. Much, much later, as you recline triumphantly in bed, you give the room one last glance-over, admiring the austere beauty of its decor, and you marvel at your own good tastes. Now, here's the important part, so pay attention.  As guests of the inn, you, unlike other customers, have the unique privilege of making a reservation for yourself at the dining room, so you get to breeze right by those other suckers on Yelp who have waited three hours for a table. You eat one of the most delicious brunches you can remember, even as a proud brunch junkie.  You're admittedly very disappointed to learn that the restaurant has run out of duck egg hash--how? how?--but the crab meat and eggs benedict will suffice, especially when you wash it down with cup after cup of coffee spiked with Old Bardstown.  When the bill comes, your jaw drops at the shock of how inexpensive the meal was.  The Wu-Tang Clan once asked, "Can it really all be so simple?" At L&E, you'll find yourself asking, "Can it really all be so affordable?"I liked the food here, although it was a lot of meat.  The best thing was the bone marrow.  Pig head was also good (don't worry, it's not shaped like a pig).  The desert - fernet pave - was not awesome.Was there for my first time on a Thursday night and had awesome food and drinks, with a very friendly wait staff.  New England Clam Chowder and their Old Fashioned are a must try!  I'm looking forward to going back.One of the best meals I've ever had in Chicago. I had a whiskey cocktail for my drink, which was superb. For the appetizer, I got the compressed melon and fig salad, and for my entree, I got the chicken. The salad was solid, and the chicken was the best cooked chicken I've ever had. It was just great. The atmosphere was vibrant, and the waiter was ultra friendly. No complaints. The only downside was the wait. We waited about an hour, but it was oh so worth it.I was brought here for breakfast last week by a friend.  Had no idea what to expect but wow was I amazed.  The bar is gorgeous and there selection is fantastic.  On their shelf sits a delicious bottle of Middleton whiskey, a special reserve from Jameson.  I have never seen a bottle of this outside of Ireland and trust me I have looked.The coffee was superb and strong.  I am a regular coffee drinker and I think I got a buzz off this stuff!  The menu is full of creative dishes that simply make your mouth drool.  I had the crab egg's benedict and it was perfect.  The potatoes are also insane.  Overall, I felt like I might have a coronary after leaving this place but would happily take a cholesterol pill to return!Sooooo good.  Great whiskey, great food, great service.  Everything was great, but in order of best to least best: Pork Belly, Bone Marrow, Sweetbreads, Lamb Tartar, Trio of Foie Gras.  Yes, that's how good everything else was... better than foie gras.  Thank you Longman & Eagle for a great birthday dinner!I cannot believe I have not wrote a review on this place yet, it one of my all time favorite places to eat/drink at in the city! I live just a few blocks from Longman & Eagle. My husband I first discovered this gem when we moved to the neighborhood & were walking around one afternoon.  We walked in & from the outside it looked very clean, & easy going and unassuming. Given we didn't know anything about the place we went in thinking we could grab a few burgers and boy were we surprised! First of all this is the kind of place you can grab a GREAT cocktail that is outstanding! Well crafted & nip have never been disappointed by any cocktail I have had. These guys are true mixologists who out great effort into a cocktail!  Now the food. OH MY GOD is it mind blowing! Again I have never had a bad meal here, ever! I've had the pork chop, polenta meat & meatballs (they will change your life!) and so much more, burger, brunch, dessert, you name it I tried it. One of my favorite things about this place is they change the menu seasonally which always gives me something to look forward to! This place is seriously good eats!Longmann &Eagle lives up to its reviews every time I go. Some of my favorites dishes over the years have included rabbit pâté, Amish chicken, and my favorite - braised short ribs. For brunch, I enjoy the chicken and waffles, but my favorite is the duck hash. Unique in its cuisine, but tamed enough for those less willing to try game meats and animal organs, Longmann has something for everyone to enjoy. But I urge you, make a trip to a place like this worth it and be adventurous! And of course, to leave here without trying a whiskey drink is a crime. The parking and wait are enough to ruin your mood so here is some advice: take a cab. Street parking around here is terrible - a few metered spaces out front and everything outside of the block is permit parking. Skip the weekend and go during the week. Longmann actually serves brunch every day, so you can also enjoy their brunch on quieter mornings. They also serve food later than most places, so if you do decide to go on a weekend, go for a late dinner.Great Food, Best Find in Chicago.  plan your visit as this place is small and special.  Food is why I would go here, then Whiskey ad then beer.amazing restaurant; good service; great food.  very busy, and they don't take reservations, so plan to wait, or plan a good time to come.  we came about 5:30 pm on a thursday, and were seated right away.  my husband loved his bourbon flight, and we were treated to an extra shot of bourbon to celebrate his birthday.  highly recommend!!!Yum!  Table of 4.  Shared the beef fat potato chips and some sort of duck pate on crostini.  Very good.  I had the plate of sunchokes and scallops and a salad with roasted beets, goat cheese, walnuts and a bacon vinegrette.  Wanted to like the plate good.  Another ordered the roasted veggies and lentils and liked it very much and another ordered the Duck Egg w/ beef hash.  Another ordered the marrow (not my thing) and liked it but felt there was very little to it.  These were all off the plate menu and not the entrees and the only complaint I heard, "wish I had more"  Creative, different and tasty. And not over priced.  Including wine and tip 115$ for 4 people.  small plates and small place.  No bigger tables.Great food (but small portions)  We went on a Monday night and the place was packed.  Service was friendly but SLOW.  Id like to give it more stars but I cant.  Might try it again but probably wont.Nice atmosphere, great beer list, good place. I would definitely recommend it.More pork belly please!!  Love this place, Trendy but also warm and inviting. The waitstaff was excellent. Attentive but no in a rude way. The food was outstanding.  The trick is to get their early. I went on a weekday around 6 and there were plenty of seats. By 7:30 is was totoally packed though.Absolutely fantastic.the scallops with braised oxtail..... deliciouseverything we ate was absolutely great.the atmosphere was nice and relaxing in the dining room, with just enough over-flow noise from the bar area to add to the ambience without being distracting. the staff was friendly and courteous. I can't wait to go back.WOW WOW WOW WOW!This is a must stop for any foodie! We did a huge dinner list! And yes I would go back and do it all over ;) But I would do a whiskey flight right before this time!This is our Longman & Eagle flight dinner list.3 people total : 55-65 per person depending on the drinks ;) We had a few!------------Buffalo Frog Legs - Amazing, had this first and all three of us were blown away by this! We could not get this dish out of our minds. Chicken taste like frog! (Lew) ;)Sweetbreads - OMG, these should be illegal is what we agreed on. Very rich, perfect for a belly full of alcohol. :)  Marrow Bones - God I love Marrow! This dish gives you two very nice sized bones FILLED with yummy Marrow! If you love bone marrow give these a go!Rabbit Pate - Good, yum yum yum rabbit, was done very well. Didn't get a WOW factor like some other dishes. Still very yummy!Duck Rillettes - Good, perfect presentation. Scallops - Very good. Two large sized scallops with some sort of corn based sauce. Agnolloti - English pea filled.  I would pass on this just not my thing, but it was good enough that I ate it! lolGrilled Califlower -  Veggie dish. I am not a vegetarian and normally steer away from such dishes but Lew wanted to give it a go and I am glad we did! You must give this dish a go its very good!! Grill taste with sweetness. I cannot remember all the ingredients in this I will try to remember later :).Half Chicken - We were extremely full by the time the chicken showed... This bird is AWESOME! Free range bird top quality and it was soooo yummy ... it reminded me of down south home cooking very buttery!Kobe Burger - Beef Fat Fries with these burger! The Fries stole the show on this dish.Kobe Meatballs - Good, they were very tasty I love Wagyu, but this really didn't engrave into my memory as much as the Frog Legs, Marrow Bones,  and Sweetbreads.L&E's porkbelly BLT is the best thing I've eaten all year. All the other food I've tried has been top notch as well. Good bloody mary and mimosa. Both times I've been here for weekend brunch, we've gotten a table outside right away. Can't wait to come in and try the whiskey flight sometime.I'm glad that a place like this has come to Logan. There's not much I love more than food and drink and Logan has been lacking in diversity until lately. The place is cool and kind of hidden and I like the overall look inside as well (especially the cool artistic scrap wood ceiling!) The whiskey list is huge and really affordable and the few dishes we had were really good. Overall, I say go get some whiskey and good classic french inspired food in your belly asap.The outdoor area is really pleasent, with less traffic than on the Square. They brought me a vegetarian menu right away, so I didn't have to ask about each sauce. My salad had fresh figs, which were tasty. We had some good beers here, though didn't try the whiskey.The food was everything a gastropub should be. Service could have been a little more prompt. I'll definitely be going back.Wow! I must have had a real chip on my shoulder when I went here the first time! I completely recant my first review of this place! The Longman & Eagle has been very good to me over the summer and into the fall.I might have gotten hung up on their early claim of being a 19th Century English Inn. It kind of misses the mark on that, but it is certainly something special. This bar is an excellent little low key pub with a comfortable feeling for conversation and a meal, not to mention a huge whiskey selection! It is not prohibitedly expensive either. The Wild Bore Sandwich is in a league of its own!Word of warning: Vegetarians may not have much to choose from, but they are getting better.Congrats, Longman. You've given the Logan Square Fancy Man a watering hole. Welcome to the neighborhood!My boyfriend and I went on a Friday night. They don't take reservations so we had to wait an hour. But it totally was well worth it. The staff was very friendly and attentive. The bar has a nice selection of beers, wine and cocktails. The food was amazing. However we had the foie gras and it wasn't my favorite. Let me tell you I've had numerous foie gras and it just didn't work for me. The scallops were cooked to perfection and the pork belly was as well. Dessert we had the creme brulee and it was superb. Definitely going back!! This place is hip and has great food!!Wow! Love this place, with so many different and great bourbons to choose from, I felt like a kid in a candy store and I was! Yum!!! The staff was great! Thank you guys :) I enjoyed the food and definitely the bourbons. This will become a regular "go to" place for me.I was dying to try this place when I hear that they received a Michelin star, so I was really expected something great.  I just don't get it. The food was pretty good pub food but that is about it. It's a neighborhood place that looks just kind of average at best. My wife had a pretty good hamburger, my short ribs were very tender but not especially tasty and my step son's cod was good but nothing was out of this world.I gave it two stars here but I would not come back. We came early on a Sunday night so there was no wait. I cannot comprehend anyone coming here and having to wait for this place. The food is fine but Chicago has much better.I really wanted to like this place, but it was.....eh. We went on a Monday for lunch and it was quite busy. After we got a table, it took over 15 minutes for anyone to acknowledge us, which was pretty disappointing. I ordered a Bloody Mary, which came with nothing but a slice of lemon. Not even celery or a pickle. Sad. My grilled salad was more charred than grilled. It was just okay. Nothing special. My husband's sandwich was good, but again, nothing special. The decor was pretty sparse. The gray paint on the walls reminded me of a janitor's room. Very blah and institutional.My first experience at L&E was unbelievable. I had brunch on a Thursday morning by myself. Everyone was extremely friendly and gracious. I had great conversations with Tony, Jennifer and Elizabeth. I got a tour of the dining room and got the behind the scenes story of the interior design. I ordered the PBR Breakfast, minus the PBR. It was phenomenal, such a great experience. I appreciate the great food and the outstanding service.Just went for brunch. Obviously the food was delicious. They really know what to do with sauces; I particularly enjoyed the five spice mustard with the egg sandwich, but the dressing on the mixed greens was also awesome. My bloody mary was great, if a bit big for my taste.In general, the food was great, as were the portions (not too big). It seemed reasonably priced on the menu, but things added up more than they usually do for brunch. It was approximately $80 for 3 people. Worth it if someone else is paying though, for sure, or if you can resist the drinks.Our party of five got there early (just after five on Saturday and had a short 20 minute wait). They had a lot of two tops. So if you are going to go in a group of four or more, it looks like you'd be wise to go early if you don't want to wait. We were seated in the back room, which was significantly quieter than the main room where the hungry masses were waiting. The patio wasn't open but looked like it would be pleasant, as it is on the residential Schubert.   Excellent, well mixed cocktails. The whiskey (mostly American styles) list is one of the most extensive I've seen. The wine list is comparatively shorter but well thought out with a bottle for almost every budget.The food was excellent. It was one of the better dining experiences I've had. Our server was knowledgeable about the menu and  friendly, but not overly so. The courses were well timed and well portioned. The flavor combinations on all the dishes were extremely well balanced. The deserts were creative and just killer. The menu seems to change regularly as it was significantly different than what was posted on their website.  My only small complaint is that the drink service was not quite as quick as I would have liked. It wasn't terribly slow but long enough that I had enough time to wonder where my cocktail was. In fairness, the bar was very busy with people waiting for tables.  But the overall service/food quality  was so good that I would only take off 1/4 or 1/8 of a star.One last caveat is that the tables are fairly close together and some of the tables in the main dining room are close to the bar/main walkway. If you are uptight about human contact or talking to your neighboring diners,  this is not the place for you.Went for dinner a few weeks ago with some buddies.  The duck entree was the best duck I have ever had.  I'm a big fan of duck but very few places get it right and  this place perfected  it.  I was with a couple friends and they all really liked what they ate too.  I definitely want to go back and try some of the other entrees.  If you like duck though, you have to try it here.I've been here several times, always wonderful. I bring friends from out of town and it is always one of their favorite sites in Chicago. Well done!Awesome food!  Great smells!Cozy place with an old world feel. the drinks were inventive and sooo yummy! Dinner was pricey but delicious! I highly recommend the Scallops and Foie gras small plates and the duck for entree. Save room for dessert because the mini donuts were great with a touch of ginger. Yum! I can't wait to return..I have now eaten here twice. Both times the food/drinks were awesome but the service was deplorable. The first time was lunch and there was no wait. Still the service was nonexistent. I found a large blue rubber band in my food, sent the dish back uneaten and they still tried to charge me for the meal. The waiter actually brought the manager over and made me argue my case, while I held up a large blue rubber band (the kind that comes on vegetables). Hello! The second time was dinner and there was a two hour (on the nose) wait. The food was awesome but the smelly hipster waitress, after insisting that our order be made in full, could not course the meal to save her pathetic life. Our dishes were plopped down with no explanation or serving utensils. I finally had to go find the waitress after a 20 minutes of waiting for our dessert. She was mixing up some oatmeal for her to eat. Her station was still packed! Then, I begged for the check and THAT took a good 10 minutes of waiting. Despite the good food, I will not be going back. There are awesome restaurants all over this city (Girl and the Goat for example) where I can wait two hours for a table ACTUALLY SITTING AT A BAR, and get fabulous service as well as delicious food. Nope, no more Longman & Eagle for me.Put me in the I-don't-get-it category. I was there for brunch. They are militant about the everyone-from-the-party-must-be-present-for-­visual-inspection routine restaurants have sometimes. Our waitress was inattentive, the food unrefined and oversized. My chicken and waffles was good - all dark meat, not a problem, but I think they get away with the appearance of value by serving really cheap ingredients - marrow, fries, pork belly, etc. The gf got a pork belly sandwich she found inedible, because it was a huge, fatty round of pork belly, which is one of those ingredients that should be used sparingly and well-seared. Afterwards we went indoors and met some friends for drinks. Got ignored sitting, so I went up to the bar, and was ignored by no less than 3 bartenders, although the place was fairly empty. After 10 minutes or so, one of them finally noticed me, and they still took another 20 minutes to make their precious drinks. I don't have a problem with that if they're busy, but some girl sitting at the bar was chatting away with them and offering to buy them drinks. The aforementioned waitress was hanging out up there too, which explained why she was never around to serve us. Drinks were good, but light on booze and overpriced. Upon returning to the table, one of the staff overheard our conversation about the long wait, and brought us some huckleberry coffeecake or something. Having just eaten, i would have preferred timely service to free food. In short, I can't imagine being in Logan Square and going to this place with Lula right around the corner. I can't believe they got a Michelin star for their stab at farm-chic food! Definitely better options with less hype here in Chicago.Best restaurant in Chicago! Breakfast, lunch, brunch, or dinner, you'll never have to worry about having something non-enjoyable. Awesome atmosphere and set up too! Im a huge brunch eater, so my best recommendation: Crab Benedict! And don't disrespect, whiskey is a must if you're going to Longman and Eagle! Cocktail list changes seasonally, so there is always something new to try! Refreshing! The wait to get in will speak for itself: best restaurant in Chicago.I love this place. I love the Wild Boar Sloppy Joe. I love pretty much everything I've ever eaten here.You know what I don't love? Having to overhear obnoxious foodie conversations at the next table. And I super-don't love having that juicebox at the next table lean over and tell me how Epic the scallops or whatever I ordered are. Seriously, want some advice? Stop using that word. Never say "epic" not in reference to, like, the Kalevala. Never ever. Moratorium. Always never be saying that word.So yeah, that seems to happen here way too often, but it's not really anyone's fault and other than that the place is tops.I absolutely love this restaurant. It's one of my favorites, and incredibly versatile -- initially a favorite for brunch, I've since found it's also great for every type of meal or occassion: lunch, dinner, dessert, nightcaps, etc. I've even gone there solo during the day to read and drink coffee and enjoyed myself. Easily my favorite restaurant in Chicago.Great brunch/ bloody marys.  Ive had a couple of awesome dinner items there too, but also have had some that miss the mark.  I dont really know how this restaurant achieved a michelin star.  Dont get me wrong it is great food, but would expect a bit more from that rating.  lots of good whisky too....When you are ready to turn back the clock and head to the era of wild game and caveman-ly eats, Longman and Eagle brings gourmet to the hunter/gatherer community.  Bone marrow and onion jelly followed by wild boar sloppy joes will make sure you are packed full of fat, calories, and nutrients until the next hunting party.  Drinks are solid, staff is generally friendly, just make sure you don't need to fit into a tight dress the next day.This review is based on the brunch menu. Best brunch spot in the city, IMO. You are getting food that is deserving of a Michelin star for under $12 per entree. Friendly staff as well - which says a lot because it is run by hipsters...Rillettes were awesome! Desserts by the previous proprietor of the sorely missed Cocoa Rouge. Long wait but there are a lot of mediocre restaurants along that strip that don't have long waits so you choose. It is worth the wait. Doughnuts were great, Whiskey prices very reasonable. Maple Bourbon bread pudding with pine nut ice cream was unforgettable. Awesome all around. Get there early or they start to run out of the really good stuff.I went to dinner here with my dad tonight after a chef recommended it. I was very pleased with everything; the hipster atmosphere, the belgian beer and the delicious food. Our server was great (Tyler) and let us sample something the chef made, not a clue what it was but it tasted like cream soup with a hint of sweet fruit. We ordered the pretzel with mustard dip for a started and our main entrees were the sea bass and the cauliflower; everything was great I would say the fish was the best but the cauliflower dish had tons of flavor. Its a great place to go with one other person, its very dark and intimate and not too loud.Was a bit worried after reading reviews, but turned out to be great.I picked this place after it was recommended by friends, it was my boyfirend's birthday (a foodie) and heard longman & eagle had an impressive menu. We got there on a Sunday night around 6:30 and were told our wait would be 5-10 minutes, which we were THRILLED about since we heard we could wait up to 2 hours to be seated. They asked for our IDs at the door, which I found a bit odd. 10 minutes later the hostess tried to seat us right by the door, which we politely refused, and she really sweetly got us a great table near the back only 5 minutes later. Our waiter was your typical nonchalent hipster, not overly friendly or helpful but very efficient, got the job done. There were a handful of girls who brought us samples, brought dishes out, asked if we needed anything- they were pleasant and added to the atmosphere. The FOOD was PHENOMENOL.Drinks: He got an Old Fashioned, I got something named Daisy-? and both were fabulous. Appetizers: Melon & Fig salad, Ricotta Gnuddi, Soft Pretzel. Entrees: Pork shank with cheese grits and sauteed spinach, Beef with Lobster. Perfect portions for two, the food was quite rich so I wouldn't have wanted a bigger plate. I would definetly go here again! It's great if you are in the mood for some exotic plates. Atmosphere was fun, felt like you were some southern, Civil-war era restaurant. Menus/decor/branding is very chic. Give it a shot.Food, drinks, service, ambiance, all of it is fantastic. It's my go-to if I have guests in town because I know they will be impressed.I love this place. I could sit at the bar all day to accept as a challenge their motto "Whiskey for your mouth, not for our shelves," but then I'd miss the food.And the food! The food!The menu changes often and there will probably be words you don't understand, so ask your sever if you need help, order a couple small plates, and you'll have room for dessert.No reservations, no problem. Enjoy the whiskey selection, cocktails, and beers while you wait.Also, I cannot stand going out to brunch at most places. But I absolutely love brunch here.So Longman & Eagle. I must say, I was impressed. I went with three friends and started with a whiskey cocktail (it was a girly one named after a flower) and a shot of Rebel Yell - we all had a shot of something since the shots were only $3 each.  I liked my shot quite a bit - a first!For our small plate we all shared the duck meatloaf - with the fried quail egg, very delicious! For my main meal I got the boar sloppy joe. Wow. That was incredible. I loved the jalapeno on it as well. The fries. It took everything I had not to eat them all like a hoss! My friend got the cauliflower with lentils and curry which was hearty for a vegetarian dish, my boyfriend got the burger which he said was over cooked. The other boyfriend copied me and got the sloppy. All was fun and I would definitely go back.love it!  staff is so friendly and absolutely no hipster attitude.  refreshing!Food is tasty. Drinks are amazing. Atmosphere is awesome. Hotel rooms are INCREDIBLE.I don't warrant five stars often, most great places get four but this place, for what it is, gets five.  They execute and excel and don't over emphasize anything.  I stopped in last Tuesday evening with my Fiance and my good friend from Indiana (a professional chef), we walked in to a small place with a long bar and a tiny kitchen snuggled in the back corner.  The place was full and the energy was great, I knew it would be awesome.  Our server Jennifer was great, and extremely knowledgeable.  Also being a professional chef, I am a big fan of acknowledging staff I encounter by their names, just to let them know they are recognized.  We started off with a round of drinks, I got a cheap Old Style and my fiance got a great in season pumpkin ale.  My friend hit the liquor with several different whiskey cocktail.  All were great!  This was also an exceptional trait of our server, her wine and alcohol knowledge was extensive and very much appreciated.  I always love to see a server that knows how to do their job and is clearly very interested in food and wine.  The food was amazing as expected.  We were first handed a small amuse of  duck consomme with lobster, napa cabbage, squash.  Very good.  We ordered a whole list of everything.  From the snacks part, we got the meatballs, the welsh rarebit, the pate, and the chicken liver mousse, the buffalo sweetbreads, and the gougeres.  From the small plates section, we got the following;Crispy Slagel Farm Pigtail, Chanterelle Mushrooms, Apple, Sweet Potato, Chickpea Porridge, Cascade Hops Maine Lobster Parfait, Honey-Parsnip Puree, Smoked Bacon, Red Wine Sauce, Crispy Parsley Housemade Ricotta Gnuddi, Cider Gel, Baby Fennel, Micro Celery, Toasted Hazelnut, Braised Cippolini Vinaigrette, Celery Froth Nantucket Bay Scallops, Oxtail Cannelloni, Sunchoke Puree, Tempura Preserved Lemon, Black Truffle Vinaigrette Cavatelli Pasta, Braised Veal Heart, Roasted Porcini, Roasted Cipollini Onions, Huckleberry Vinegar Klug Farm Pear Salad, Endive, Haricot Vert, Farm Greens, Stilton, Port Syrup, Walnut VinaigretteAll outstanding from all aspects, flavor, texture, colors, and presentation.We were pretty full after all of that, and my dinner mates opted out of dessert so I agreed (i could have eatten more though!)We finished with a small mignardises of chocolate chip crustAll in all, I would go back again and again for a guaranteed great meal.I had a feeling I wasn't going to like this place from the instant we sat down......and by "instant" I mean the 90 mins we waited on a Wednesday night. Upon sitting, an old, fussy couple next to us inquired pompously to their waitress about the difference between "sustainable and organic lettuce." The waitress, albeit with a sort of charming naivete, spent 5 minutiae-laden minutes to explain the difference. After this, I had such an urge to ask if they could make me a garbage salad, but relented, figuring that such a joint already had enough irony. For drinks, my wife's cocktail was decent, but nothing deserving of the mixological hype that this place exudes.....though I do believe I detected a hint of pureed trout anus. When time came to order food, we decided on a couple small plates due to cost of the entrees.....now i understand esoteric descriptions are to upscale restaurants like cop glasses are to the fashion-conscious, cliche' yet irresistible, but these were mostly just frustrating. I would suggest an asterisk or parenthetical translation for us culinary rubes. The tete du cochon was overly greasy with a texture reminiscent of canned deviled ham. In retrospect, I should have had more whiskey. To sum it and this yelp review up, trying too hard is better than not trying at all, but it's still pretty annoying.Medium place: it is not rare, but it certainly isn't well done.  (Ok, enough Statler & Waldorf quotes.)  Went on 8/27/2012, and not in a terrible rush to return.I will return for whiskey purposes.  As a scotch man, their menu is fair but excels mostly in the area of American whiskeys more so than the precious whisky from that enchanted island in Atlantic Ocean.  You can get just about every small batch Bourbon or Tennessee Whiskey, and they even go to the trouble of getting some of the rarer distillations.  The bartender was knowledgeable as to the palate of the spirit, and when I told him I hate the sugary taste of most Bourbon (i.e. from the corn-based sugars) and of Irish Whisky (b/c of the triple distillation), he understood his customer immediately and made suggestions.  Any bartender that knows her/his inventory is worth seeing again, and that's why this place gets three stars right off the bat.As to ambiance and food, well, there's a reason we didn't move off from just three stars, isn't there?   I read a previous review, and yes, this is Hipster Heaven.  Each of these philistines probably listens Radiohead, is a closet Hanson/Lady Gaga/LMFAO fan, but touts Wilco as having invented Rock'n'Roll.  It's as though the standard Hipster Conformist Uniform is nearly a requirement: ironic t-shirt, ironic winter hat in the hottest summer in many years, and ironic tattoo...very un-Chicago.  You should resist the urge to tell these people they suck, however, because (1) the will serve you food and (2) you know these are the wiener kids that grew up with Participation Awards for playing soccer and have faux high self esteem.  You would shatter their little double-pits-to-chesty world if you let them know they are way, way uncool for wearing Kurt Kobain's wardrobe and/or 1980's attire in 2012.Let it go, it's too easy, and you're better than that.  Besides, we need to discuss the horrid execution they gave for the food.Firstly, the generalities included a lack of some basic fundamentals.  I rolled out with a veggie friend (pescetarian, to be precise) among our group.  (Pescetarians can be junior foodies because at least they understand protein.)  So, we directly asked "Skeech" the Waiter if the two dishes she and I split had any meat whatsoever.  He replied, "No."Being that I have an unending love of bacon, I quickly identified that there was bacon-smoked infusion in a dish my friend had already been eating.  Now, if you have veggie/vegan friends, then you know your job is help them I.D. a meat taste if they lack familiarity, and then be prepared to assist with holding back their hair after you do.  You also may know that one of life's guarantees for a veggie/vegan person is that they will get very sick from that most delicious of all meats: bacon.  Skeech failed.Next, nearly every dish was undercooked.  You expect that one out of six would be undercooked, but four of six was too many.  We had a variety of plates, but the Duck several ways, the steak, and the mixed dishes all were undercooked.  Only my lobster and the fish (I believe the catch that day was a sole) were served at the correct temperature.Lastly, the wine suggestion was so far beneath par that I doubt Skeech could ever discern a merlot from a Cotes^ Du Rhone' because, well, I asked for the closest thing to a Cotes^ Du Rhone' and he brought me that dog shit known as merlot. (As an aside, I hated merlot way before it was 'Sideways' chic).There is a reason, though, that I did not deduct a star for the food, which is that the lobster tail was absolutely phenomenal, having been correctly prepared in terms of temperature and managing to have a uniquely rich presentation.  It was served in broda with three out-of-this world marscapone-filed tortellini. The broth itself had a seafood-vegetable blend, and the stock was fresh, leaving me to believe it was made in-house.  The fish, other than the bacon-infused beat that was mischaracterized as veggie (hey, I loved the damn thing!), was amazingly fresh for Chicago, having an almost crispy sear and accompanied with fresh veggies.  Dessert was truly enticing and succulent, as the "old time sunday" combined the best fruits with the best chocolate and a simple vanilla ice cream that will return you to your childhood.Overall, I'm going to come back when I'm bored, stay at the inn portion of the establishment, try the hoity-toity "bar" menu, and enjoy the whiskey.  I think that might be its role, and so that's why it gets a second chance, but I'm not pacing to get back there any time soon.i'm sorry, have i offended you by....placing an order?!  have i inconvenienced you in some way by....being a customer?  i'm over the service here.  this restaurant is run by apathetic kids with bad attitudes and too much flannel.  i like the physical space, i like the food but the service is ridiculous.  last time i went for brunch, my waitress looked like she was half asleep and appeared to be completely hassled by our order. and the servers kept walking around, filling up everyone's coffee around us but mine!  don't these people know who i am?!?!?!  i'm nobody!  but i still want good service...I loved this restaurant!  Every bit of this meal was so well planned, so well executed.  I ate and ate and ate.  Mouth watering, delectable, fun atmosphere.  You will enjoy your evening, great date place... come early the word is out about how great it is, and after 6:30 you can wait for 2 hours for a table.I doubt there is much to say about Longman that hasn't already been said, but here's my take. Their liquor selection is stunning, and you'll find libations at every price range, which is a huge plus considering the splurge-factor of the food menu. For dinner, I will admit that I far prefer their simpler, down-home dishes--meatballs and polenta, wild boar sloppy joe--to the experimental, deconstructed plates, which make me feel as if I have to get every ingredient on to one tiny bite to be sure I am tasting it right (a tough feat when splitting a one-inch piece of lobster between four people). The last time I ate there, I felt that some of their more complex dishes were all over the place, and would be better if they focused on just one ingredient (ex. bacon overpowered the bone marrow; a tiny scoop of drool-worthy gin ice cream wasn't done justice on a dessert with six other ingredients). But I'm being picky! If you want Michelin-worthy food done right, go in for brunch. Chicken and waffles served seven days a week? Yes, please.Unreal, the best meal and drinks I had while in Chicago...if you're staying downtown yak the train it drops you off at the front door. A must eat and drink kinda placeWent on a Sunday around 1pm. Told it was over an hour wait for a table for 6 so I gave my name and phone number. Was told they would call when my table was ready. Went down the street for a drink while we waited and didn't receive a call. After about an hour we walked back and was told they called and left a message on my voicemail. I didn't receive a call or voicemail so not sure who they called or if they even did. We then asked if we can get a table anyways and the response was "our kitchen is closing in 30 minutes"  so I guess that means no. Longman was a disappointment and I won't be back.dear longman & eagle.......you've left me no choice.The ideas and menu looks and reads exceptionally.  I WANT to eat everything on the menu, but over the multiple times that i've been there (not just one or two but many) the only consistent thing you do is serve overpriced crap.  Went in one night and spent $24 on an over cooked piece of venison, went in another got UNDERcooked sweetbreads. Actually attempted dessert one night and the donuts tasted like three weeks of unchanged fryer oil, not to mention they tasted like fries..not donuts.  Ordered the Tartar the other night...oh my god. You could smell it when it hit the table.  Ground beef?!? REALLY!? Thats what you get, pre-portioned two days before, brown, and wreaks. I'm glad they have a great whiskey list because getting shit faced was the only way i got through the LAST meal i'll ever eat at longman. Thanks for a memorable anniversaryi am fucking impressed as hell with this place.First, a clarification: this place gets 4 stars for drinks, 2 for food, so an average of 3. (I haven't stayed in the rooms, but they look great, especially for the price.)If you're into whiskey and whiskey cocktails, don't miss L&E. They have a huge selection of bourbons and ryes. I really like the fact that you can sample quality whiskeys for $3 a shot. And if you don't mind doling out some cash, you can try some really fine, rare ones as well. I sampled some High West rye. Very good. The whiskey cocktails are delicious. I had "The Ringer," a mixture of Wild Turkey Rye 101, Cynar, Cherry Heering, and aromatic bitters. I'd really like to go back, just sit at the bar, and let the bartender take me through some different whiskeys and whiskey cocktails since they really seem to know what they're doing.Unfortunately, I think the food does not warrant a return - not because it's not tasty but because it is excessively rich and fatty. Everything I and my company had was either heavily doused in oil, deep fried in animal fat (a really bad foodie trend, more on that below), loaded with heavy cheese or cream, or completely absent of anything green or fresh. I ordered a burger. It didn't come with any veggies. It was topped with bacon and had kind of a sickening fatty taste. Trying to balance out this meaty excess, I ordered a salad, but it was served with a heavy cream dressing. The desserts were tasty but again equally heavy. I left feeling like I had just eaten at an Applebee's, not what you expect from a trendy restaurant in Logan Square. This sort of "return to fat" in a number of popular Chicago restaurants is a troubling trend to me. In the end, beef fat (or duck fat or whatever animal fat) fries are not really different than the kind of stuff served at fast food joints. If this is the direction of foodie culture, I'm not encouraged.That said, I did enjoy my overall experience. The place has a nice atmosphere, good outdoor seating, and a great niche in whiskey. Definitely go for the drinks, but be wary of having dinner.Had heard of this place for awhile and was glad I took the time to go and have the pleasure of meeting Marta and Nat. These two took the time to take my orders and an interest, and for that I thank them. They are the face of a neat neighborhood joint that offers everything from a full bar, upscale menu, impeccable yet simple decor, rooms for the night, and NO F***ING TV's! Sorry, but thank you from the bottom of my heart for not having televisions. At some point you must speak to people. Brilliant! Had the pig head to eat (face it, the pig would eat your's if the shoe were on the other foot). Great balance of rich meat, cheese, sauer kraut and salt, with a hint of sweetness from the dressing. The creamy egg soaks through the pork and kraut into the bread. The Redbreast Irish on the rocks, Dogfish Head Brown, the Cut of My Jib rum/port cocktail, and a cherry infused beer (sorry, brain death for precise identification for this one) are a prelude to next time. They even have a wood ceiling in the front bar and a textured mult-colored wood ceiling in the back room. Attention to detail will get you everything. Thanks, just for being here.Seriously tasteless and overpriced food.  Ate here with another couple and were encouraged by all the reviews and were sorely disappointed.  Started with artisanal cheeses and meat balls for appetizers.  The cheeses were fine, the meatballs were just so-so.  Our entrees ran the gamut from pork belly to a cheeseburger.  All were okay, but nothing was terribly tasty.  The beer selection is nice.  The desserts including chocolate rum babba were pretty good.  The air of this restaurant is so laden with the smell of cooking fat that I came out smelling as though I had been making french fries over a deep cooker for a month.  Parking nearby is also very challenging.  Our waitress was really nice which was a big plus.  Cost of meal per person including appetizer, desserts, beverages, entrees, tax and tip was $45.  I really can't recommend the place.Ok, I was a Chef for 16 years and THIS place made me miss cooking Classical French. My wife however is an extremely picky eater...I'll leave her at that. Reading the menu, it made me think of Le Francais or Park Hyatt LaTour from back in the 80's where I worked. I haven't seen Sweetbreads or truffles used in a menu in years. It seems that most people are losing the classic side and eating basic food. The service here was great, from the front door to the server. Everyone wants to make you happy here. My wife ordered the burger and was happy with that. I ordered the meatballs for an appetizer and then the house made pork sausage for dinner. The sausage is served on a roll but it's impossible to eat it that way. I would like to have tried some of the other entree options but I honestly had no idea what to expect, I only read about it in Esquire an hour earlier. Also, we had 2 tiny tastes of split pea soup and Monkfish, both were incredible. To be honest, what I had was OK but it wasn't what this place is emphasizing. This is Artisan French, not "PUB FOOD", as I assumed. I'm going to have to go again and break out my party palate. But please, be open minded when ordering. The food is creative, tasty and well executed.One word, AMAZING. We visited Longman & Eagle as part of a dear friends surprise birthday dinner and weren't expecting much from the food or dining experience based on their menu (which we interpreted to be a little stuffy)... we were so wrong. We waited for a short period of time, around 15 - 20min, but we did get there early-ish - around 5:15 on a Friday. The atmosphere is very hip and relaxed and not too trendy, which I love - jeans are welcome and the crowd is fun. Our server was fabulous - very attentive and friendly but still professional and wasn't in our faces asking if we needed anything every 30 seconds (hate that). We started with a few apps which were good but not anything amazing... the amazing happened with dinner. I ordered the steak, and my boyfriend ordered their burger - both cooked and seasoned PERFECTLY and so very delicious. It was obvious that the chef took every last detail seriously and made this one of the best steaks and burgers I've ever tasted. The real surprise amazing moment though was the FRIES... beef fat fries. Honestly, after eating these fries, any potato not fried in beef fat just doesn't seem worth it. SO good we couldn't believe it! Was an overall delightful experience and I'll be returning the first chance I get.I've heard a lot of good things about this place. It wasn't as amazing as people say,  but still had a great time during my lunch visit. The ambiance is laid back. Food was simple yet delightful. I guess that's why I like L&E too, it's not in your face kind of bar. Oh, and if you like whiskey, they're selection is pretty impressive.I live about twenty feet from this place.  But I don't come here too much.  Its seems to be more of a destination bar/restaurant than a neighborhood eat-here-every-day kind of place.  Its a bit too pricey for that.  But it is good.  The burger is good, but the cheese used is a bit strong.  The pork belly is a outrageously good and sweet, very comparable to the excellend seasonal pork belly of Azucar next door.  I'm a bit of a pork belly afficianado (although its really hard to mess up pork belly).  The duck egg-hash brown-whatever, is my very favorite.  Its very fancy pantsy, but delicious, which is the only thing that counts in my book.  I'm not too much of a drink snob, but I do like a good glass of wine, and they have an excellent, excellent wine list.  Nice place if you want to upgrade your meal a little, the owner and wait staff seem very nice.  This place is busy (its killing the local parking), so its kind of crowded, and its very dark for some reason, but they do a good job managing the space, food comes out fairly rapidly.  I feel sort of too working class when I look around the crowd.  It skews towards bucktown-wicker/lincoln parkers and wealthier hipsters/yupsters, but I then again I'm may be getting crotchety in my old age.  I'm sort of nostalgic for awful emptiness of the Wind's (the previous bar in this space) sometimes, but hey the product is good here, and given that, I can live with the crowd.3.5 starsbut i don't think my 3 star rating will even bring down their average so whatever.Friday night, 7pm, 3+ hour wait. Not worth it for me but because me and my party committed to it, we decided to just get drunk. The bar area gets crowded too so we ended up at another bar down the street... check out Rocking Horse. Anyway, finally got seated and the food was good. Everything was good. It's one of those places that has their own take on everything. Has good presentation and flavors were nice. We ordered like 5-6 dishes so I think I had a good taste of what they're all about. Whiskey and Scotch flights were also a good touch. Oh yeah... frog legs taste like chicken. dont be scared... try it. I can't recommend anything for anyone reading this. I'm sure if you're thinking of going there, you already have an idea what you want.Huge turn off was the 3+ hour wait. I might go back on a weekday but I think I've had enough of them. Good luck to longman and eagle... hope you guys great success. Oh... and everyone there is super nice. Even the host who probably had a person come up to him every 3 seconds asking how much longer their wait will be was very polite. It is true that a good restaurant is represented more by their staff than their food.This is my favorite place in Chicago.  Everything on the menu is amazing, my favorites are always whatever version of pork belly or short rib are on the menu at the time, The scallops with oxtail small plate is delicious and the burger is the best in the city.  Every mixed drink I've had here has been great, but the highlight is the massive bourbon list.  You can't go wrong at L&E.Disappointment is the name of the game folks.  This place has been trumped up by most everyone as the bees' knees, and since it's my neighborhood, I believed the hype.  The menu is very adventurous, don't get me wrong, but the bouillabaisse I had was very bland.  I didn't ding the place on serving sizes, but do go with a fat wallet or un-hungry.  Come to think of it, the best thing I tasted that evening (I had snippets of food from my friends' microscopic plates of scallops) was the couscous muse (I hope they add that to the menu).  Besides the food, I had a small issue with the service.  1) We waited 30-40 minutes for our food; mistakes happen, but a little communication between the staff and the diner would've saved the day on this one.  2) To make up for the wait, we were served complimentary whiskey after our meal; besides the fact that two of our party hadn't ordered drinks (one person in our party doesn't drink and the other was staying away from alcohol for personal reasons), how on Earth does whiskey satiate a hungry belly?!  Despite all this, I still give the wait staff (that includes you water guys) their propers; their efforts to make the experience bearable were remarkable.Brunch is the best in the city.Once again I had the pleasure of trying some new items.  One new discovery was that they have Maudite Unibrou on tap IN ADDITION to bottles, which I did not notice the first few times I've been, which I thought was pretty interesting. Had a big group this time and they handled us very well.  They said one hour wait, it was exactly a one hour wait.  We got a great table in back, waitress was friendly again, they are establishing some consistency here.  The Kobe meatballs were great again, had the pretzel which was great and I hadn't tried that before.  The mustard was a little bland IMO, no big deal I think the pretzel itself was awesome.  The only negative was the Scallops.  My friend ordered them and they were tiny, not enough to fill her up and she is a petite woman, so not sure how that is an entree.  Crowd was once again very good looking and mixed age.i went to L&E without hearing much about it so i was totally unbiased and open. i'm going with 3 stars because 2 doesn't seem like enough but... first of all, I thought the menu was a little pretentious for the pseudo hipster/whiskey bar image they're putting out. i got the burger since i was not willing to be too adventurous at the time...and only ate about a fourth of it. a) i ordered it medium-well and it was very very pink. i thought maybe the waitress misheard me, so i didn't complain. b) while it was very juicy and good quality, the fancy bun they served it on was not thick enough to handle it and was soggy and soaked through by the time it even got it. next time i'll have to bring my own pretzel roll. Meanwhile, my husband got the pork cheek small plate. i actually wish i would have ordered that because it was delicious! however, my husband felt the meat portions too dramatically outweighed the vegetables and was left underwhelmed. i offered him half my burger but by then the bun was so soggy he couldn't bare to eat it. bottom line- we both left still hungry. the drinks were good, but possibly weak because after 3 drinks (about $24 worth) and barely any food i wasn't even buzzed. Basically, if you're looking for a place to go to try some adventurous appetizers (i hear the bone marrow is quite good) and maybe a drink with a co-worker...this is a great place. i guess i was just looking for something a little more substantial and for $85 (including a 20% tip, the server was sweet) i was just a little dissapointed.I ate here for the 3rd time last night and all 3 times were exceptional! food, drinks (especially the old tom old fashioned!) and service are top notch..longman is definitely my fave place for a relaxing dinner in logan. try the ipswich clam sammich while it's in season!I came here on a Saturday for brunch. The wait time to be seated was around 30 minutes. Not bad. Luckily, they have a large bar area to drink while you wait to be seated. The Bloody Mary w/vodka I ordered was good, but definitely not the best I've had dining in Chicago. The hostess was probably the nicest hostess I've ever had; she even came up to my seat to let me know that the time would be approaching where I will able to get a seat at a dining table. I really liked the decor of this restaurant; decently spacious with an extra room in back. I ordered the Market Scramble which consisted of scrambled eggs, house-made fromage, mushrooms, red peppers on a croissant. I liked that there was an option between potatoes and mixed greens as your side; especially for those of us who are more health conscious. My food was ok. It was good, but I felt like I had to add more salt or hot sauce; the meal was missing something. My companion, on the other hand, raved about her meal. She ordered the crab benedict. We were in disagreement. This place seems like the perfect spot for experimental meat eaters. I've heard people who love the wild boar sloopy joe. As for myself, I'm a recovering vegetarian who just started eating raw fish, so red meat in general, especially boar or deer, is not a favorite. Overall, the place was great, but I don't think I'll be coming back. I feel like I've had better and more satisfying brunches at M.Henry or The Bongo Room.So, I work in a restaurant. A fairly nice one. Whenever I go to eat in said restaurant, I get a 50% discount on my meal. At the end of every meal I eat there, I get my check and think to myself "holy shit, that's all my bill is?" I've never experienced this feeling in my life, without discount, until tonight at Longman and Eagle. I usually pass by as the place is always packed. Tonight I saw my opportunity to sit at the bar and try the place out so I did. Sat down to a nice greeting. Started out with a great beer from their tap. Got the duck rillettes which were perfect. Had a shot of whiskey recommended by the bartender Nathan, perfect. So perfect that it was hard to believe it was only $3. It finished like a nice wine and had a full palate of flavor. Though served in a shot glass, this was to be enjoyed. I had the kobe burger which was very good. The fries were awesome. The bacon served on the burger was the kind of bacon that makes you believe that there is a God and (s)he too is a fan of smoked pork belly. I was feeling full but I wanted to go a bit further. I asked for an espresso which they were out of, so Nathan got me a 101 proof shot of whiskey that was almost like a digestif. It readied me for a bit more, so I got the sweetbreads. Beautifully prepared, caramelized top, rich and tender on the inside, beautifully accompanied. Finished it off with an after dinner drink in the form of the Yuzu Toddy which was... perfect. In summation, perfect. Everything about it. The service, the food, the drink. I got my bill and spent less than $50, which isn't exactly cheap, but keep in mind that I just ate three courses with a nice beer, 2 whiskeys and an after dinner drink, and hopefully those of you who don't eat in restaurants that end in an " 's " (i.e., McDonald's, Arby's, Burger King's) will get my point as to how inexpensive this place really was. For the first time, without an employee discount, I got my bill and thought "holy shit, that's all my bill is?" Were one to duplicate everything about my experience tonight, the ambiance, food, drink, everything, and move it about 10 blocks east, the bill would have been well over $80, that I can guarantee.food was awesome! no joke, had a dream about the homemade pretzel and welsh rarebit!Bone marrow, duck testicles, goat sausage, pancetta.  Stellar.  One of the most delicious and savory meals I've had for a while.Wild boar sloppy Joe, bone marrow, vegetarian butternut squash risotto all incredible! We put our name in on a Saturday night for four people at 6:30pm and THREE hours later we had the best table in the whole place. It was worth the wait! I would recommend going to put your name in and going back home to get ready. They will call you when you are up next as well so another option is to go have some cocktails at The Whistler and wait it out. Four of us ordered what felt like everything on the menu to share and a total of 6 drinks and we left with a $200 bill and very satisfied bellies. This was the best meal I've had in a long time!this place is gross, but that barteneder Charlie is super hot. I want him to touch me.AMAZING from start to finish. Service, food, drinks, and dessert were all terrific.Amazing my fiance' and I went this past saturday over valentines day weekend...knew about the usual wait and showed up at 4: 45 first guests for dinner service perfect they seat us dead in the center of the backroom for drinks til 5 and then dinner menus come out...had the flight of the single barrel whiskies..very good..here come the dinner menus..I'm ready to order...our awesome waitress tells us the chef prefers the entire order at one time..bam..scallops...best I've ever had...meatballs and polenta...incredible..I had the short rib dinner nothing less than amazing melt in your mouth goodness like a filet with more bite and alot more flavor marrow bone filled with horseradish mash and awesome sauce with some root veg..fiance' orders the half duck incredible as well I had a couple bites of the breast cooked perfectly and the leg confit was awesome too..2 deserts one was I believe english toffee pudding with black pepper panacotta...the other was the trifle and irish coffee and sadly enough it came to an end...have to say best meal I may have ever eaten....chefs are incredibly talented and the wait staff was great..you need to come here or you may not live a fulfilling life not knowing how good food tastes!Overall, very pleased with the food. Every dish we got was really nice, except for one. The most expensive dish on the menu was severely lacking seasoning and tasted bland. Other than that, it was great. The reason I am giving it 3 stars is for pretentious staff and for our overnight stay in one of the rooms upstairs. You basically fend for yourself as far as your stay. I think this place would be a 5 star joint if they just boned up on how to treat you like a real guest, in their restaurant, and in their overnight rooms. Passing along info like names, reason for stay, etc. would really heighten the guest experience. Not taking reservations for your overnight guests is just silly. There are only a couple rooms. I'm pretty sure you could make an exception for the people who have already guaranteed you they are spending several hundred dollars at your establishment. Communication between staff members would make this place a repeat destination for us. Still wondering how they got that michelin star....Went for dinner on a Friday night and found it to be highly over rated.  I've heard raving reviews but not sure why.  The food was ok, but used fancy descriptions to make it sound better than it tastes.  I tried the pork belly and it was all fat.  It was more like glorified carnitas at 10x the price.  My wife ordered the pasta and found it very pedestrian.Go for the atmosphere and fellowship or if you want to splurge on yourself.  Dont go if you are looking for good value.  Taste of food is OK, but the portion sizes leave a lot to be desired as well as the prices.  $13 for a sloppy joe and overly salty fries???  Come on!  The $30+ items werent any better in the portion size.  Go to satisfy your tastebuds at most but definitely not your belly.  You WILL leave hungry and with a much lighter wallet.Good Place! Inside is spare/Large bar-seating for like 20/Old 70's Wurlitzer Jukebox with some obscure tunes/Backroom seating/Patio, etc. I'm gonna start in the Liquor Dept--Great Beer List/Whiskey List! Probably 100 Brews and at least 50 different Whiskeys on the list. Drink list is about 7 deep and the bartenders take pride in EVERY drink they make!! The "Logan Palmer" is an amazing choice for sure.. never had anything like it! Also the St. Ambroise Oatmeal Stout is flat out Great... Onto the food--- got it going with the "Rabbit" app and "Welsh Rarebit", very good things going on! Next round were the Famed Scallops/Awesome flavors happening! Main Courses were mind blowing--Steak and Pork Belly..some of the best flavors I have tasted in quite some time! The Pork is a MUST TRY!! EVERYONE here was friendly as hell from the Hostess to the Bartenders to the Bus Man!!!  When it's all said and done, they top it off with a comped shot of Cabin Still!!! GTFJD  PS--Tons of Amazing Looking Women lurking around....My husband and I came here for dinner on Saturday night. From the yelp reviews we'd read, we knew there would probably be a long wait. We arrived around 5:15 and parked in the convenient lot across the street. We lucked out and only had to wait about 10 minutes for a table. We started with the grilled romaine panzanella salad and the foie gras/hot chocolate small plate. The salad was great, but the foie gras stole the show. It was so delicious and paired perfectly with the hot chocolate and funnel cake. I could eat that dish every day. For our entrees, I had the pork belly and my husband had the beef short rib/marrow/foie gras plate. Mine was tasty, but my husband's dish was amazing! While my pork belly was tasty, it was a very large piece of pork belly, and I feel like one can only eat so much fatty pork products. My husbands on the other hand had such a variety items all in one plate. There was this perfectly cooked beef tenderloin underneath a beef short rib, and on top of all that was a piece of foie gras. To the side there was a marrow bone, filled with horseradish mashed potatoes, and on top of that was a little piece of toasted marrow. So delicious! Luckily my husband let me have some of his. It was fantastic! While you'd probably think we'd be stuffed by this point, we still had to save some room for dessert. For dessert we had the gruyere donuts. Yum! The perfect ending to an amazing meal. We will be back to try the wild boar sloppy joes and the fries.We did make reservations for this place as a result of my friend's birthday dinner choice.  We hung out at the bar as the place was pretty packed and waited a few minutes for our table to be ready.  The place has a trendy but yet relaxed feel to it.  I alway think trendy and pretentious, but this quite a surprising combination.  I tried the gin and ginger beer drink, and it was very strong.  If you like the mixed whiskey this is the spot for you.  The bartender seemed like a real chemist mixing the drinks with such precision.  We started out with the pork belly and bone marrow appetizer.  We also split the sliced steak dish and the softshell crab dish.  The food here is creatively made, and delicious.  I have to say though, that the portions seem small to me.  I felt like I should have been more full for the amount of food that was paid for.  The service was great from the hostess, to the server, and the waiters bringing out our food.Exceptional. The level of intellect and skill in the kitchen at Longman & Eagle is on par with that of more upscale restaurants in Chicago. Four of us went for an early dinner to avoid the crowd/wait and were seated immediately around 5pm. Patio seating is available for those who enjoy al fresco dining. Longman & Eagle definitely feels like the place the 'cool kids' visit, but the atmosphere wasn't stuffy or pretentious. The crowd appeared to be in their twenties through mid thirties. The vibe was laid back, and the staff were friendly. Three friends and I shared 6 savory plates and 2 desserts. Everything was delicious. Really delicious. Given the portion sizes, I think the small plates and entrees might be better shared between 2 people instead of 4. The online menu was similar to the menu we were given at the restaurant, but some of the dishes were modified based on availability/seasonality of produce. I am so so so glad the BURGER (aged cheddar, bacon, beef fat fries) and GRUYERE DONUTS (maple syrup, parmesan, whipped citrus goat cheese) have remained on the menu since I first read about them months ago. I'm still dreaming about these two dishes. Incredible. The burger here and the dry aged burger at David Burke's Primehouse are my current favorites in Chicago. The beef fat fries that come with Longman & Eagle's burger are won-der-ful. These fries and the parmesan truffle cream fries at MK/DMK Burger Bar are my favorite fries of the moment. The gruyere donuts were different than any dessert or donut I've had. Warm, crispy donut. Oozy cheese interior. Cool, creamy, citrus goat cheese. Sweet maple syrup. Flavor party. Can't wait to return for brunch. Highly recommend.Just returned from first trip here.  We had brunch outside.  Waiter - awesome.  There were 3 of us and we tried: duck hash, chicken/waffles, and biscuits/gravy.   All 3 meals fantastic.  We will go back soon!  Great drink menu and great vibe from the staff.  Parking difficult (if you don't want to pay) so next time we will take the blue line.Finally decided to suck it up and wait for a table at what is now the most popular restaurant in Logan Square. Went at 6:15 on a Wednesday night and shockingly there was only a 10 minute wait. We started with the meatballs, and olives for appetizer and both were very good. The meatball and polenta was very savory and tasty. I decided to try something from the bar and chose and a smooth and sweet bourbon over the hot and spicy. Good call on my part because if this was smooth I would hate to see what spicy tastes like. For dinner I had the cod which was light and cooked perfectly. The fiance had the pork belly which was out of this world good. there was not a morsel of scrap on either plate by the time we finished. We even decided to each get a dessert I had the chocolate tart (awesome) and the poached pear which was also good to the last drop. Overall there is a reason this place has such long waits it is called great food, service, and ambiance. I may actually rent a room upstairs when they open if it gets me preferential treatment in the dining room. We will be back again.Great spot.  We've been for brunch, lunch, and dinner and it's always been wonderful.  The food is adventurous, the drinks are amazing, there are always three or four things that I'd like to get, but my stomach isn't big enough (yet). Also... foie gras!duck egg hash with confit, decadent macaroni & cheese, outstanding cocktails, cool groovy vibe.this is one of my favorite places - if not THE favorite plate - to eat whenever i'm in Chicago. it doesn't seem to be the most centrally-located to major tourist sites, but it's absolutely worth a metro + bus ride. it can be a bit pricey compared to some other breakfast options, but the portion sizes are good. if i go for brunch, i'm not hungry again until dinner.i suppose some people might find some of the dishes to be a little heavy and greasy, but i love it.and if you're not opposed to cocktails around 9, 10, or 11am, go for it! especially the whiskey or bourbon cocktails.Food was great & the pork belly was amazing. However not sure if it was worth the 2 hr 45 min wait especially after the rudest hostess told us it would be an 1.5 hour wait. She was by far the most ignorant person I have ever met. If it were not for the overly friendly bartenders we would have been long gone, but glad we were eventually able to dine there. Still questioning how a person so rude could have ever even got a job at all ... She was not even cute!this is a 'special occasion' type of place. the food is super delicious. they have goose island green line. oh and whiskey, a lot of whiskey. service is great. go here for your birthday or anniversary, its gastropubtastic.this place has sweet drinks - I've never eaten there, but I will sometime for sure - last time I was there, jim hollywood was working which makes any bar betterOne of the best meals I've had in Chicago.Great food, amazing drinks and an overall fantastic atmosphere at a moderate price. I've been living in Logan Square for a few years now and this place is consistently the restaurant I constantly find myself recommending for out of towners to check out. My only complaint is that I wish they brought the shrubbery drink back for a year round appreciation on my palate. This is a great first date place too, not too stuffy or fancy; somewhere casual to have a drink. The staff is fantastic too, there's never been a ridiculous wait and they always do everything they can to accommodate you.Location is across the street from the blue line, but Logan square is a bit of a hike. Wait for a table for four on a Wednesday night was an hour and a half- get there early and grab a cocktail (ask the hostess what's good). Cool decor/ambiance/crowd. Pretty small space, prep to stand while you wait for your table. Menu is exotic as far as I'm concerned. We ordered duck pate, wild boar sloppy joe, and sweet breads at our table. I didn't care for the duck and didn't try the sweet breads (cow's thymus gland, looks like a boneless wing), but the sloppy joe was really good. Service was great. Bathrooms clean. Great date spot, but not much else around. Dim lighting.Long story short, this business is not run to service its customers.I would love to write a review on the food, but I think I would have to be seated and eat something first.  I noticed there were no reservations accepted.  So, I went with a friend on a Saturday early evening to beat the rush for dinner.  I figured if there was  a wait, we could get a drink at the bar.  When we walked in, the restaurant was a mess. Tables were packed, the bar was over-crowded and people were standing around behind the bar, drinking in the narrow space.  I tried to ask the hostess if they could accommodate us for dinner tonight and explained we have been excited to try the restaurant.  Her response was, "I don't know when I can really tell you when we could seat you".  I confirmed they did not take reservations, which she confirmed.  I asked how they accommodate patrons for dinner.  She explained we could leave our phone number and they would call when they could seat us.  But, we should  expect it to be over three hours.  Seems too complicated and inconvenient to bring my business here.  If you can't turn over a table, set up seating times!The burger was great, not the best I've had in the Chicago, but still really good. The brioche French toast is like...an artistic expression from God. I don't know how else to describe just how amazing it is. Other people in our group enjoyed their meals immensely (the beef tongue omelet got great reviews) and the drinks were great. Our server was polite and nice but clearly had little knowledge of the menu (asked her for her opinions on things and essentially looked over our shoulders at the menu and reread the item description) and the food took a while to come out. This place is new and is probably dealing with the problems that most new restaurants have. However, I would highly recommend this place, hands down.wonderful food, not too pricey for what you're getting. ordered the pork shank, it was as big as my head. get dessert. can't wait to try brunch.great place, and I love that they have a vegetarian menu!I love this place. But, I love it mid-Sunday afternoon when the brunch crowd has dispersed and the dinner crowd hasn't come in. Or, I love it on Thanksgiving night. Or, I love it at 2AM on a cold Saturday night. The staff is friendly - well, most of them - the food is good, and the drink selection is exciting. I love this place ... as does everyone else in the country. I'll always have my memories ...Lots and lots of whiskey. Tasty food but usually rather heavy.Great small plates, drinks.Absolutely fantastic.  I've been a number of times and have tried the majority of the appetizers and small plates, and everything is great.  The major standouts were the beet salad and the pig's head terrine.  The food is rustic but executed with tremendous skill.  The bourbon list is great, and the service is spot on.  A must try.Since writing this review, I have become a semi-regular at Longman & Eagle for both brunch and dinner.  I love taking guests and friends here.  My veggie friends aren't big fans of the brunch, unfortunately, but have found it to be vegetarian- and pescatarian-friendly for dinner, which was a nice surprise.  Everything is delicious!!Sadly, nothing special. More of a neighborhood gathering place/watering hole. Points for the simple decor. The menu selections sound very interesting but in execution are mundane. I think most of the rave reviews are from people who have not yet ever eaten at a real restaurant. The pork belly was dry as a dog bone. Service was OK, staff was nice, though I couldn't help but notice how some self-absorbed tables would occupy the server with inane banter for unseemingly lengths of time. Although not affected by this ourselves, it seemed inappropriate to act like you rented the server for your own table the entire evening and not share them with others who might be waiting to order. Of course the server could help by taking more charge of the situation. I would not recommend eating inside on a busy evening to anyone but the masochistically insane as the noise level is beyond pandemonium. Outside is nice. My wife enjoyed the Unibroue Maudite. Me, my tiny wine pour, not so much.Very solid food and good environs. A very good eating experience. Very impressed with the slate of options popping up in logan square. The bread pudding is arguably the best i've ever hadGreat bar! never ate there because I'm not a fan of marrow or boar meat but we long the cocktailsI've been meaning to write a review for weeks. I visited Chicago In October for a wedding, and attended Longman and Eagle for the Rehearsal Dinner. So, my review is limited to our experience at the Rehearsal Dinner... but it was GREAT! Also, I was able to check out the rooms upstairs, which I understand are opening very soon. Because of our large party, we were provided with a fixed menu - each guest was able to select one starter, one entree, and one dessert. I can't remember all of the various options now, but I do recall my food being downright delicious. I started with the Ricotta Gnudi, which was flavorful without being too "heavy." It was just a few little pillows of Gnudi, which was plenty, considering the richness of the food and the upcoming entrees. My entree was the Burger, with aged cheddar and bacon, and served with beef fat fries. I went halfsies on entrees with the guest sitting next to me, who ordered the roasted cauliflower, with lentils, raisins, mango and some other stuff I can't remember. The burger was exactly what I want when I order a burger out: juicy, dripping, 3-napkin type of burger that you gobble up and would never make for yourself at home. Unfortunately, I thought the beef fat fries were unremarkable... by the time my plate got to me (and we waited for the 6 people at our end of the table to be served), they were a little cold and boring. But I like the idea, and think they would be good if served warm. The roasted cauliflower was also prepared well -- if you're a fan of cauliflower, you will love this dish. I was skeptical about the raisins and pickled mango, with lentils, but it worked. In fact, I resolved to add raisins to my next batch of roasted cauliflower at home. The third option for dinner was the half roasted chicken, which other guests seemed pleased with. It was a LOT of food though. Definitely enough for 2 people. For dessert, I think the options were a cheese plate, some sort of chocolate molten cake, and maybe a bread pudding? ( I can't remember the third option). I ordered the cheese plate, but was far too full to eat all of it. It was a nice selection of cheeses, and I would certainly order it again. Overall, I was impressed with the service and attentiveness of the staff. Dealing with large groups is always difficult, and I think they did an excellent job. After dinner, our group migrated to the outdoor beer garden on the side of the building for a little after party. One of the staff members bought me my drink after I complimented him on the wonderful evening, which was just icing on the cake. If you're a visitor (or resident) to the Chicago area, I definitely recommend checking this place out!Went to L and E  and had the bone marrow,  the sweet bread and the duo of foie gras and hot choc with the funel cake small plates. And are they small plates. The bone marrow was just fatty goodness on a sourdough bread. Nothing that blows our minds since we are used to eating bone marrow whatever we way it can be cooked, being Asians. The sweet bread had a weird consistency, maybe bec it was medium rare or raw. Can't tell by the looks bec the place is dark. And the foie gras with a mini hot choc cup and mini funnel cake didn't work for me either. It's just richness after richness. Plus the funnel cake was really oily. Then for main we had the grilled venison and the Fluke and crab cannelloni. The venison was really chewy. I had to spit mine out coz, it just won't disintegrate after chewing it for a long time.  It had that minerally, iron taste. the sauce that went with it was good. The Fluke with the crab was really good A++, tasted like it had saffron sauce although it was not mentioned on the menu. Ended the night with the gruyere donuts and banana toffee pudding. The donuts worked really well. It was the highlight of the night.  With all that food and a bill of 150 I still ended up hungry. Don't know if we'll go back.SALTY! I'm really torn to write this review. The atmosphere was typical hipster, fun, busy, comfortable and the first round of small plates were great.  However, service was lifeless, shoddy, awkward, mismatched and the main entrees were salty.  Now, I know this is a pork-centric establishment, which is a naturally salty food but everything we selected (four people at the table) all had really salty food to the point we just couldn't eat it.  After speaking to our server she suggested the scallops from the small plate menu, which turned out to be chewy. The scallops were delivered to the table by the restaurant host who then happened to say that our issue was not the first time they had heard this comment and chuckled, saying the chef can be a little heavy handed with the salt. For my first visit I was just really disappointed and left the restaurant feeling embarrassed and salted.  I was not worried about the wait and that wouldn't be a reason to deter me going back, but the entrees would be a big stumbling block for me the other three diners.We went with some friends a month or so ago and it was outstanding! The pork belly was delicious. I highly recommend L & E to anyone!These kids are simply doing great and delicious stuff. We went early and this was wise, there was a line growing by the time we left. We got two small plates and seriously considered skipping entrees and just ordering the whole list. Of the two the English Pea Agnolotti, with wild mushrooms, truffled Pea puree, pea shoots and grana padana was a whisper more excellent than the second - Pastrami cured sweetbreads with a Pumpernickle dust, Sauerkraut and Thousand Island - an actually effective deconstruction of a Reuben. Both were fantastic. Entrees - The seared Tombo Tuna with Parisienne gnocchi, Peass, Artichokes en Barigoule and Black Garlic aioli won the day. Just perfectly cooked and delicious (give Black Garlic another chance kids...it didn't overmarket itself you know...). The Flatiron steak with Short Rib Ravioli, creamed ramp greens and Asparagus, Morel Jus only finished second because one of them had to. Dessert was Gruyere donuts which I would like to say nearly made me...come...but I don't if Yelp allows that. Service was great. Room and Vibe were great. Their souvenir postcard is printed with highlights from a dubious Yelp review...a perfect and hilarious touch. Go. Go now.Okay, so I guess the proximity still draws me in.  I think their manhattan is amazing, and now that I have eaten there enough times, I think I have ordering down.  I don't eat the crisps that come with anything (too salty still) and stick to what I know).  I really appreciate the vegetarian friendly version of their menu.  I'm not a veg, but think it's cool they do that.Great food and bar selections.  Duck testicles as an appetizer were outstanding.   The only knock I have is about the hostess and check in procedure.  We waited in the bar for our party to be complete.  Once our last member arrived we were bumped to the bottom of the "complete party" list.  The Manager did seat us right away outside, but the policy seems a bit odd to me.  I would definitely go back but will be prepared to wait.This is my favorite place to eat in chicago.  Any chance that I get to eat here, I'm there. I know to go somewhat early since I'm not a fan of waiting 2 hours for dinner.  Also, its open for lunch and although I like their dinners better, lunch is still pretty darn good.  I love the food, drinks and the atmosphere.   Ok, the food. L and E puts flavors together that just go" WOW" in you mouth. One time I was with a veg eater and they ordered the cauliflower dish.  Yummy!   The next time, I had to have it.  I ignored my carnivore self and dug in to this excellent meal.  My favorites  are goat sausage w/ black olive caramel,  gulf prawns and grits, compressed melon and fig, burger,  the cauliflower dish and for lunch the duck hash.  The drinks.  The bartenders here take their drinks seriously.  I giggle when i see them shaking my cocktail and they are determined to make it excellent.  And it is!  For summer, i order the slow gin fizz that they make with egg whites.  The atmosphere.  Casual.  It makes me happy.Give this place a try.  If the wait scares you, then go early or late and you should be able to get in.Fantastic food! Bone marrow and scallops were amazing.  Libations list was also impressive as well.  It was a little loud but not overwhelmingly so and the service was great!Dinner at Longman & Eagle was delicious.  A facinating menu which made choosing very difficult...wanted to try it all!  Can't wait to go back!Awesome menu and excellent execution. Went for lunch with coworkers and had a party of 12. The back room only had one other table of 4 and yet they refused to let us push two tables together to celebrate a coworker's last day with the company so our party was split into two and at tables on exact opposite sides of the room.  It really blew.  They never sat anyone at the other tables the entire time we were there and we told them we didn't care if our food came out at different times so as not to cause a rush with the kitchen, still denied. So for that, I'm giving 4 stars.  The whiskey/bourbon selection was top-notch, I should add that. I would definitely go back with a party of 4 or less, no question.I recently just moved to Logan Square and heard awesome things about L&E so decided to make it my first meal in the city. My group of 4 were very happy with their meals with only a few minor complaints. The chicken & waffles was a very large portion and takes too much effort to scrounge through the portion which was the biggest  turnoff, gotta work for your meal! Two people ordered the mac&cheese, one loved it and the other thought it was nothing special but still very good. The mac&cheese comes with a mini salad with a tad bit of salad dressing on which I thought was a nice touch, not too over powering. We also ordered the biscuits and gravy which was a homerun, no complaints over that dish! The late night menu is very odd and not "bar food" by any means. The upstairs has about 5 rooms, so if you're having too much fun you can always stay the night and I think the room rates are only $85 so cheaper than most downtown hotels. Overall the place is very cool inside, fresh ingredients, nice staff, ridiculously large whiskey menu and unfortunately no TVs so if you're going there ya better be up for socializing!So I just moved to Chicago and am staying in the logan square area. The main reason for me moving here is the huge foody scene so this is my first of many reviews. Upon arriving asked my friend where we should go and his first though was longman. We get there the thing I noticed was the great atmosphere. We were there pretty late so we just had a few split plates. The first thing we had was the bone marrow with toast, which was absolutely perfect, asked my friend if he thought it was an accident because thats how perfect it was, and he simply says that it has been that way every time. After the marrow we moved on to infamous wild boar sloppy joe which is worth going to this place alone for. The only unsuccessful dish to us was the rarebit which consisted of a pretzel and what was supposed to be in my mind beer fondu, but came out tasting like a beer roux, which is not appetizing at all. Never the less I will be back and am looking forward to it and will strongly recommend Longman & Eagle to everyone I know.I tried to like this place, really I have, given the rave reviews in Time Out, the Reader, etc. but I can't even after two visits.  The drinks are excellent, the bar well stocked and the beer selection definitely justifies the "pub" label.  It's the "gastro" part that fails miserably.  The appetizers and small plates are grotesquely overpriced and range from ok to just awful.  Two quarter sized scallops on a bed of succotash with no sea urchin or lobster to be found on the plate for $13?  The grilled sardines were badly prepared, hideously presented, and nowhere in my dining experience have I ever found fish scales to be tasty or appropriate.  And I love "fishy" fish - smelts, mackerel and such but this preparation was so salty, and bitter that I required another drink to get the taste out of my mouth. The tete du cochon was one of the few highlights, a pork cheek sweet bbq preparation with a fried duck's egg on top.  Avoid the buffalo frogs legs, Goodyear reject bits in hot sauce made my jaw ache trying to chew them.  So 1 out of 6 in the small plates department is hardly enough to justify the rave reviews this place gets.  The entrees fared a little better but each dish is we had was somehow flawed conceptually rather than executed badly.  The beer battered soft shell crabs were delicious with the smoked tomato fondue, but the bitterness of the alfalfa sprout decoration diminished the plate overall.  The Dietzler beef and gnocchi entree had no unifying element since the sauce was invisible, a smattering of high quality ingredients standing by themselves failed to impress.  Don't go there on a hot day or evening, because the kitchen heat overwhelms the A/C and roasts the dining area even in the back.  With all the other wonderful restaurants to choose from in Logan Square, this place is not worthy of waiting an hour or more for a table and suffering the idiocy of the hostess-maitre' de at the door.This is a very cool place. I had the pot eu feu with a beef tenderloin, short rib, foiegras, and bone marrow...it was really nice. The drink menu was perfect for the evening I was having. The pricing is very affordable considering it's Michelin star status...it was only $90/couple with drinks, app, dinner, and dessert. The donuts are awesome for dessert by the way. Having been to only one other Michelin restaurant, this seems to fit in just fine(though the other experience I had was way different. Overall, you should check this place out.SUCH a great restaurant. In a city that lacks in exclusive eateries, finally, there is a warm and charming restaurant that is worth a 2 hour wait! The staff and managers are welcoming and accommodating, and over cushion the wait time (we were told 2 hours- we maybe waited an hour and a half). This is not your average, Chicago type Sunda, Rosebud, or Cheesecake factory crowd. Their patrons know food, and it only adds to the charm and warmth of the restaurants environment. We are already planning on going back in the next week or so. Make sure someone orders the Chicken!Food was fabulous and would justify five stars.  Way too loud.  Take Gilt, multiply by ten - you will hurt your vocal chords on a Saturday night.  Also, the seating process is out of control.  No reservations, and we waited 90 minutes longer than first indicated by the hostess (on a Saturday).Whoa! What a surprise - amid the grunge of the neighborhood there's a spectacular find in the kitchen! What an excellent menu - such creativity and variety. I look forward to returning.  The Maine Scallops, Braised Oxtail, Black Truffle Gnocchi were possibly the best scallop dish I've ever had. The Gruyere Donuts were enough for 4 people - very heavy but that was the goal. The menu is full of intrigue, challenge, and accomplishment. Definitely a place for serious eaters at fairly reasonable prices.This place is off the charts good.  The only draw back is the wait. for dinner.  I'll eat dinner at 5 just to avoid the crowdGreat creative menu. Outdoor patio is great for summer.Despite an absurd wait, having our party of 8 split into two, traveling to the far flung reaches of Logan Square: Longman & Eagle was one of the very best food experiences I've had in a long time.The drinks were creative (bourbon and whiskey heavy) - a bourbon "mint julep" was complex  and delicious.  We kicked things off waiting at the bar with some house marinated olives (good, very tart) and the cheese plate.  The cheese plate was good, but the portion was a little sad.About an hour and a half later (yes, the wait was that long) we finally got seated and got down to business.The apps: We ordered the compressed melon salad- surprisingly flavorful, balanced and beautiful to look at it. A rabbit pate followed (it was wrapped with a bit of bacon, no need to say more), prawns and grits (the sauce threw it over the edge) was somehow miraculously balanced.  Sometimes prawns taste you got them long john silvers, but these were excellent.  The Tete du Chochon (yes, pigs head, amazing), the overall effect was that of a dried, salty pulled pork, with a poached egg on top.  Overall, the appetizers and small plates were very rich, full of flavor and beautifully presented.  The main event: I had the Porchetta with a sweet corn (and bacon) risotto and smoked paprika oil.  The presentation was nice, the portion appropriate, the porchetta was flavorful, fall apart with a fork tender.  However, what really made it special was that smoked paprika oil.  I'm not 100% sure what it is, where to get it or how to make it, but of this I am convinced: I need more of it in my life.   My partners in crime had the Seared Tuna; the Flank steak; and the butter-explosion that was the Burger.  In every case, the dishes showed finesse, great balance, and something special.Since things were going so well, we couldn't help ourselves and got dessert: the Terrine of Madagascar chocolate (or whatever) - was the first disappointment of the night.  Sadly, it felt a little uninspired, something I could probably get a great Mexican bakery.  Not bad, mind you, just by no means exceptional.  Meanwhile, the Charred Olive Pound Cake with warm blue berry compote was a revelation.  Not just a Mario Battali style cake with olive oil in it--this was green, almost salty, really.. well, olive oil-y.  The combination was superb.  The bill.   Well, four people, four apps, four entrees, 2 desserts, and probably 6-8 drinks later... it wasn't exactly cheap, but it did feel like a good value for the quality of the food. All this to say: come hungry, be prepared to wait, and then gorge-  it's really worth it.I visited Chicago in July and wanted to stay in my daughter's neighborhood. I booked one of their rooms above the restaurant and bar. It was clean, modern and very comfortable. Noise from the bar does drift upstairs, but I was so beat at the end of each day that it never kept me awake. If you are sensitive to noise, you might want to stay elsewhere, but they warn you of this before you book. So the buyer beware. The staff is young and oh so hip, and though I was 30 years older than the average patron, they treated me like a rock star. On check in you are given two tokens redeemable for whiskey sampling from their extensive selection. Bar staff was friendly and mixed me an awesome Old Fashion while even sharing the recipe step by step as he made the drink. I had dinner there one night with my daughter, and we both enjoyed our meals. The patrons were also friendly, and we made the acquaintance of a lovely couple sitting next to us who were out on their date night. This place is not for everyone. Some will undoubtedly find the food weird, the lack of "normal" beer disappointing (as I heard one woman complaining), and the preponderance of body art pretentious. But I'm a city guy who now lives in the boonies, and L&E was perfect for what I wanted. It was like staying in an old western saloon minus the dirt, gunfights, gambling and brothel. Eat.  Sleep. Whiskey my friends!Great food.  Long wait.  Brunch, dinner, dessert, drink selection are all fantastic.Consistently amazing food for really decent prices. Desserts can be amazing, try the steamed pecan cake and the cornbread, they are both amazing!! Only problem is to manage the line, but that's the ransom of success.I loved this place.  The drinks are interesting and reasonably priced.  The interior is rustic and cozy.  And the food is AMAZING.  Every dish was so delicious I am lead to believe you can't go wrong at Longman and Eagle.  The wait time is long for groups, but we had to wait only an hour for 2 on Saturday night at 7:30.  I can't wait to go back!amazing i can honestly say that i had one of the best meals of my life. from the marinated olives to the cheese donuts it was all grate on top of it they make and good old fashioned and a amazing Manhattan if you love food or whiskey this place is a must go toFantastic bar menu.  Their whiskey sour changed my life for the better.  Service was a little slow, packed on a Wednesday night.On a recent trip to Chicago, my husband and I stopped by Longman and Eagle for early evening drinks and apps before dinner elsewhere. We were impressed with the cool space, interesting craft beers, and thoughtful menu. (Slightly distracted staff, but other than that, all was good.) We had local brews and the steak tartare. Very impressive. We look forward to returning to Chicago and coming for a full meal.Food was good. Service not so much. We had great cocktails (I had "The Boulevardier." Can't remember the name of my wife's drink but it was good too.) We sat outside and shared a few things and I think the server wasn't that pleased and made it evident. Screw him. It was very early on a weeknight and there were only two other couples on the chilly patio. We had a cheese plate, the rabbit small plate, some braised pork shank special, and several drinks. Everything was great, especially the pork shank which was phenomenal. One of the bus boys kept handling his long hair and one long curly black hair floated over and landed on our cheese plate. Awesome. I also found a hair in my drink, albeit of a different type. We were sitting outside and it was breezy, so stuff happens, but it was gross. And service personnel shouldn't handle their hair. Also, there were other annoying things. People kept trying to take our plates away when there was food still on there. They kept saying "take your time," but then they'd do it the next course. I get it, you're trying to hustle us out. I've been a server for fourteen years. It was irritating. Another cardinal sin, the server took FOREVER to serve our drinks. You want to keep people happy? Keep a drink in front of them. We were halfway through the entree before my wife's beer showed up. I'm giving more stars than our experience warranted because the food and beverage menu looked great, the food we had was delicious, and I loved the decor. Maybe our waiter was grouchy that night or whatever. If I lived close, I'd give it another shot. But it goes to show that most of the time, you only get one chance. Tell the bus boy to leave his hair alone.I ate here at a friend's suggestion. I tend to stay away from those restaurants described as gastropubs or "fancy" places because although the food tends to be great, I really don't care for the atmosphere or the amount of money I have to dish out. For me this was truly a great experience, I just couldn't stop eating. It was simply delicious. I acknowledge that I didn't recognize half the ingredients, but I ordered what I thought sounded good. We had the  cauliflower with lentils dish and French toast with rhubarb, blood orange, and this awesome cream topping. I apologize I don't know the actual terms, but it was hands down delicious. It is very reasonably priced and we had great service. I will go back and continue to be wowed.total disappoinment.  waited 45 minutes when tons of tables were open.  drinks were good, but food was a lot of moosh, grease and oversalted.  damn, i wanted to like you.Breakfast here was awesome - the only bad part was deciding which item to get as everything looked amazing.  I think I was there for their first ever breakfast service.  I got biscuits + gravy w/1 hour eggs. 1 hour eggs are magical...just when you thought there wasn't anything new to do to an egg, voila!  It's like the best elements of custard + poached egg + soft boiled egg. I'll be back next weekend for sure.i really enjoyed my meal at longman and eagle earlier this week. the servers were incredibly helpful - helped me pick out a great beer that fit my tastes and told us what they honestly thought of the different menu items. we also got an amuse-bouche of spaghetti squash and apple sent over that was tasty. then we sampled the pretzel and the meatball appetizers. the dipping sauce that came with the pretzel was so good and the meatball was a big hit but a little too pesto-y for some of us. but the best part was my entree. i got the pork belly and it's one of the most delicious meals i've eaten in awhile! i loved the red cabbage and the hazlenut spaetzle rocked. i would definitely go back!Went here for my bi weekly dinner with friends, the wait wasn't that bad about 30 mins, the drinks were good and reasonable $3 for each whiskey I tasted several rye's.  The food was pretty decent we had the pate, the buffalo frog legs, the scallops, wild boar sloppy joe, a cheese burger and the pork belly all quite good, and overall pretty reasonable priced as well.  The service was good and I would recommend to others.  Not a review of the restaurant but just an FYI this area is not exactly a hot bed for catching a cab, so be prepared to take other means of transportation or plan on waiting.Always happy to eat in the Logan Square area, nice and close to home.  Had Sunday brunch and there was definitely a 30+ wait, so we ate at the bar.  I am a Mac and Cheese addict, so seeing the pasta with cheese and braised pork cheek with breadcrumbs was a great fix.  It was delicious, highly recommended.  However, all of the other brunch options looked amazing as well, the bf had fried chicken with waffles and sweet potato/pork belly hash.  Again, awesome.  My Bloody Mary was nice and spicy the way I like them on a Sunday morning.  I am curious about their dinner and may return to try it, but this is defnitely a place to go for a weekend brunch.  Ample parking and right next to Logan Square blue line.  Extensive beer list as well, albeit overpriced so i'd skip the place for brews.  However, if you are a whisky lover I think you will be blown away (seemed to be hundred+ options).I had dinner last Friday with my fiance.  We were lucky to get there at about 5:30 after work and surprisingly got seated within 10 minutes.  The service was excellent.  We ordered two snacks:  pork rillettes and a cheese plate, a scallops small plate, a cod entree, and a chocolate bourbon tart dessert.  We were served something like an amuse bouche of fluke, I think, before the meal.  After the meal with the check we were also brought a dehydrated, peppered raspberry bite on a spoon over cane sugar. They have a good selection of beers and whiskeys, as well.  We loved our food, especially the scallops and the dessert.  The waiter was knowledgeable and the busboys took care of everything immediately.  We loved the food and can't wait to try the brunch.I went for brunch and was extremely delighted. The food was delicious and very inexpensive for the quality. However the part the left the greatest impression on me (well, tied with the food) was the service, which, was excellent. The waitress was super nice and the chefs funny and nice. My girlfriend couldn't eat the yogurt in the yogurt and granola but ordered the granola anyway so they made this beautiful work of art out of fruit for her. Very nice and extremely friendly. I can not wait to go back.I was in a foul mood when we headed to L&E for dinner with friends.  We arrived pretty early and were told we'd have to wait about an hour and a half, which put me even more down in the dumps.  I had previously checked out the menu and being a rather unadventurous eater, I wasn't very excited.  Fast forward about 60 minutes and two beers later, we were seated.  We started with a few appetizers but the one that struck me was the olives.  I was expecting (especially from a Michelin star restaurant) about four olives on the plate.  There were tons of them in the little bowl and I ate more than my fair share.  I got one that had already been pitted that tasted like it had balsamic vinegar marinade in it and we all spent the rest of the bowl searching for another one like it because it was so good.  I settled on the burger and it was one of the best I've ever had.  Every element of it was perfect and it all went together flawlessly.  I can't even tell you how delicious the beef fat fries were.  I had a bite of one of the desserts but I can't even remember which one it was because I was in such a food coma of happiness from olives, burger and fries.  I'm not a huge fan of long waits but I'd go back in heartbeat for that yummy cheeseburger!  By the time we left, I was in excellent spirits.yea, it's already been said by everyone else, but this place is dope. long lines on weekend night to eat, but they got a lotta good whiskey to choose from to make that time fly by. the food here is amazing, they got tons of good beers to pair with your meals, and the servers/bartenders are great. go here. confirm the hype. repeat.Unbelievable selection of whiskey and great food.  I have to say that I am pleasantly surprised that it got a Michelin star, but it's a great place. One positive, in my opinion, is that they don't take reservations...makes it easy to go on a whim.Not getting the hype over this place.....waited an hour, typical for Chicago Sunday brunch so no biggie.  Waitress was sweet.  I asked if the strada could be done without sausage since I am a vegetarian.......can't do it...ok fine....I get it...I ordered the market scramble...they're out of it..really.......what exactly are you out of but they could do the market omelette......Then my SIL wanted a side of mixed greens.......can't do it...have to order an entire salad........come on........put a few greens on a plate and charge 3 bucks....are you kidding me.  My husband wanted some fresh onions for his burger....nope can't do it.  They are definitely not about pleasing their customers...it's pretty much you get what you get and how we want you to get it........no exceptions! NOT GOING BACK EVER!Only cool thing about this place was we saw Danny Devito and Rhea Perlman there.  My bro and SIL got their pic taken with Danny...cool stuff...For a casual whiskey bar, the food does not get any better. This place is just fun for friends or a date. The food is not mainstream, it is rich but very well done. Eclectic, local ambiance is fun, cocktails are great, and food exceeds expectations. Deep fat fries, pork belly, frog legs, bone marrow, truffles, who would expect this from a whiskey bar? Always a good time.What can I say, Longman is fantastic...I've been there multiple times (the duck confit hash is ridiculous) and have never been disappointed.  Great selection of whiskeys, and you can never go wrong with a $2 PBR.Fantastic!  This has become our go-to brunch place - haven't been to Lula in a long time, and that's just fine by me.  The food and service are amazing and love the decor &  ambiance.  Dinner can be pretty crowded, but the bar serves up some really tasty and unique cocktails (and I'm not a whiskey drinker) to enjoy while you wait.  Highly recommended!Yes, it was a Saturday night and the wait was over an hour, but it gave us a chance to savor the bar. Wow...reminded me of my parents bridge club with the old fashions and manhatten. They were fantastic!! The food is truly edgy....but if you like the edge..this is it. The bone marrow with bacon/shallot jam was the closest I've had to a restaurant in Paris!!! Thanks for bringing a little bit of euro-flair to our American palettes!!My husband and I have had a couple of our best meals ever at L&E. Delicious cocktails and outstanding food that suits both my vegetarian-leaning and his meat-adoring tastes.  A real value for the quality of the experience.  The staff has always been very helpful and friendly.  People need to forget about trying to measure it on the hipster-meter; just go there to enjoy some excellent food and drink, and you will not be disappointed.Worth the long wait to get a table.  These days it's easier to find a place that serves duck fat fries than beef fat fries so finding that on the menu was a very pleasant surprise.  They went perfectly with my wild boar sloppy joe.  If I were a whiskey drinker I'd consider giving Longman & Eagle 5 stars.I came here for lunch and was really looking forward to it as many of my friends have raved about this place. My first impression was great-we were greeted by friendly staff and was seated right away- it probably helps that this was on a rainy Tuesday afternoon. I ordered the cauliflower/lentils/raita vegetarian dish while my dining companion ordered the crabs benedict. My dish wasn't exactly what I expected, but good nonetheless. The cauliflower was spiced to taste exactly like a common Indian cauliflower dish, so much so that I thought I was eating my mom's cooking. I thought it could have been cooked a little more, the vegetable was a little too crunchy in consistency. The cauliflower sat on a bed of lentils which were cooked to perfection, and this was topped with a raita sauce which, once again, reminded me of some pretty common Indian fare. My friend's crab benedict, on the other hand, was awesome. The old bay seasoning added a nice kick and the crab itself was very tasty and substantial. I definitely had food envy.Our waitress, Chyna, was great. She was very enthusiastic about the food and was attentive without being overbearing.I think this was a good place to try especially for lunch as the wait time and prices were much more reasonable. The food was good but not mind-blowing, so I don't know that I'd cough up the dough for dinner. I'm not a carnivore though so take this with a grain of salt.Longman & Eagle was a surprise dinner for my husband when we traveled to Chicago to celebrate his 40th Birthday.  So much of the yelp reviews are very true and on target. With so many wonderful food places to choose from in the city, I wasnt sure what his response would be. Longman & Eagle was an A++++ for unique food, atmosphere, and fab drink menu.  My husband kept ordering and ordering items from the menu!  We left wondering how to replicate the tartare which melted in your mouth. Waited for a table on the outdoor patio, and enjoyed people watching in Logan square.Good food. Service is alright too. Friendly servers. Menu is fun and changes once in a while. Breakfast/brunch is a favorite. Great outdoor space.Great little pub-like place.   The burger was delicious!   Beef fat fried French fries were divine.Excellent menu. Attentive servers. Well-done interior. Great addtition to the neighborhood. Very accomidating to vegans/vegetarians.Date night with the wife. After a long day of work, I definitely love the quality of drinks and food. Located in Logan Square across the blue line stop, I didn't expect a place like this. I lived in Chicago since 1993 and Logan Square has greatly improved since then. Parking was an ease with plenty of street parking. Walked in and there was a 20-30 minutes wait for a table for 2, so we went to the bar and ordered some drinks. Their menu of whiskeys was very good and their Old Fashion is top notch. I was a little ticked off, when I had to wait for 10-15 minutes and seemingly ignored  by the  bartender when the bar was not busy at all. A nice patron nicely informed the bartender that I was waiting for a bit as the bartender greeted her after she asked if we had already ordered. I was about to give a 3 star due to the bar service, but the food definitely made it up. Right after we ordered our drinks (Old Fashion for me, Kentucky Daisy for wife), we were seated. Our waiter was informed enough to rattle off the specials and answered our questions of the menus. We ordered the 1) Roasted Marrow Bones, Red Onion Jam, Sea Salt, Sourdough Crostinis 2) Fried Foie Gras 3) Maine Lobster and 4) Fried Pig Tail. Portion was great and the food left me wanting more. We both wanted to try more, but the stomach did not allow for more. I will definitely be making this place a norm. If not for the mishap at the bar, 5 star is a must. I definitely love the non-pretentious feel and just really good quality food.i had heard some good things about this place and decided to try it. it's fairly loud and not terribly original--seems to be all the rage to open a gastropub as of late, but overall it was very good. if you're looking to fit in come in a plaid button down--preferably western with snaps and in the brown palette. you'll most likely hang out at the bar and see the ornamental ceremony of someone making a drink from bottles that look like they've been lifted from an old apothecary. mind you i''m not entirely certain that these small bottles actually contain bitters and the like (i mean they could just be drops of melted ice for all i know) but it looks like they are really devoted to the craft of getting you fucked up on whiskey before you sit down for a meal. speaking of sitting down--do get drunk before you do that if you have any issues about sitting closely to your neighbors. DO NOT BRING A BABY. and if you do--don't bitch about it to the surrounding tables that you're unhappy. this place is not kid friendly. i'm sorry. you're a fairly horrible person if you think this is the newest e_uivalent to the california pi__a kitchen (sorry missing keys--an problem i've been meaning to fix for some time). the food here is delicious. no complaints. the best part of my experience was dipping into the conversation at the next table. a guy on a first date. phoning his friend for wine pairing reccos (read: douche) and being just over the top in general. at the end of the evening we received his check and i was beside myself to find out that his friend had recommended a bottle of "forlorn hope." maybe this is an unspoken friend sort of inside joke in the dating arena. i hope so.I have spent hundreds of dollars at Longman.  I have spent countless hours waiting at Longman, squished into their bar, drinking their cocktails. I've been there with very small parties and very large parties.  I've enjoyed the food.  But I will never return. Because when we went the other night, we were told that our party of 7 was too large to be seated, even though we were happy to wait the requisite hours it would take.  When we pointed out that we have been seated before with a party of 7, she said, "well, it depends."  You know what?  It shouldn't depend. If you don't take reservations, then either make it clear that there is a limit, or let us wait. Don't have a non-policy where decisions are made on the fly by the lazy hostess.  It's a shame, because the food is decent, and our table would have (conservatively) spent about $1000.  We always order too much, we tip generously, and yet if L&E doesn't want our money, then f**k 'em, we'll go elsewhere.  I know they won't miss our money, but it's just bad customer service.We have dined at Longman several times over the past 2 years. I keep coming back (and recommending to others) because, despite the increasing wait times, the cocktails and food have been extraordinarily delicious. Well, my opinion has changed. Two Saturdays ago we went to L&E with another couple for dinner. When we arrived at 7pm, we were quoted a 2 hour wait time. Fine, we have come to expect this, so we went around the corner to another fine Logan Square wine bar to have some noshes and wine while we waited. We returned promptly at 8:50 to check on our table, and at this point, the host quoted us another 1.5 hour wait. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? If it was going to be 3 1/2 hours at 7pm, we would have left to go elsewhere at that time (or stayed at Telegraph). But instead, we were screwed by the incompetent hosting team who can't estimate time/demand. Thanks for leaving us in the lurch, Longman. Such reprehensible service.fun fine food, what a find. broad range of options for the adventurous diners. our group of seven absolutely enjoyed every dish, including - roasted marrow spread, wild boar sloppy joe salad, smoked sweetbreads, seared scallops, grilled foie gras, pork cheeks, soft shell crab, tandoori lamb shoulder, cod, pork belly porchetta. the desserts did not disappoint. flourless chocolate cake topped with bacon ice cream, creme brulee, apple tart, peach cobbler, were all wonderfully prepared.  will definitely be back for fun fine food.just had brunch. was fantastic. a touch pricey but you get what you pay for