Smash #1 hit.Couple cocktails before / with dinner...  of course..  Of course they were tasty.The oysters were delicious.I consider myself an oyster snob; and the one's here were terrific.I had the fish o' the day (I think it was grouper) and it was extremely fresh tasting.The place is booshie.There are many very good restaurants in New Orleans, and "dis be" another one..Oh, and I forgot to mention the service start to finish, head to toe was spot on.You're a bad boy!Where do I start? This restaurant is amazing the staff, their service and the food and drinks they serve are top notch! After 6 days in New Orleans this was hands down my favorite place we ate in. We went back because it was so wonderful. The staff.... A friendly group that truly show southern hospitality. On our first visit we sat at the bar where our bartender Brandi, made some fabulous cocktails and even gave us tea to go since it was so hot and she knew we had walked.  The oyster snickers Jamaal and Derick were so fun to visit with the told us places to go get their favorite po' boys. The found us huge delicious plump oysters while shucking and getting us laughing. What a wonderful experience.Now for the food.....OH MY GOSH, absolutely fabulous. We wanted to lick our plates. I will start with one of my friends dish, it was a simple ham eggs and grits plate. My friend said she didn't like grits but Jamaal said she would like these, he was right she loved the creamy grits and the eggs were cooked to perfection. Another friend had the eggs in a jar, grits with a poached egg and shrimp wonderful presentation and even better flavors deep in the mason jar. My other friend had their matzo ball soup (best we have ever had even in a Jewish Deli) and the frogs legs, crispy and delicious. Even our picky eating friend loved the frog legs. Now for my dish..... I am still dreaming of those flavors. I had the shrimp and grits. Roasted jalapeño cheese grits topped with andouille sausage grave packed with sausage then topped with jumbo shrimp. I wanted to lick the plate clean it was the most wonderful dish eaten in New Orleans.We wen back again for happy hour, don't miss it! The oysters were amazing we had them raw and fried. Again the cocktails were wonderful, best mint julep in New Orleans. I felt like I was sitting on the porch of TaraIf you are in New Orleans do not miss the opportunity to try this amazing place! I personally can't wait for my next visit to go back!I totally forgot to review this place!This was one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans!$.50 cents oysters during happy hour. This is a deal that can not be beat!! For all you Californians, beware, these are not the typical small kumomodo oysters. These are some big guys, but still very good!I had the Shrimp with Jalapeno Grits, He had the Special, Pork with grits, both were amazing and the portion after eating 2 dozen oysters and ordering 2 happy hour drinks each. His special came with a bowl of gumbo, and we were even given a free delicious bread pudding.The total you ask? We paid $86 for 4 drinks, 24 oysters, 2 entrees with one gumbo and a complimentary dessert.Wow LUKE! Way to go!! Thanks for making us feel totally at home and welcome at your restaurant. I am itching to go back just to eat here again.4.0 starsCrawford bisque-delishGrilled Ribeye- Cooked to perfection.  Service on a chopping board which i thought was unique.Roasted Duck Breast-very tasty but small portion.Overall, a very nice dining experience.  Service is good with a great bar and ambiance.   Very close to the french quarter.  definitely worth a return next time I'm in NOLAOnly giving 4 becuz I'm going back tomorrow to try sumn different! LISTEN UP!!!! This. Here. Is. The. Business!!!! Ok...hubby had ribeye steak with crab meat (oh lawd I just melted) and I had shrimp and grits (scraps skillet with spoon). Flaw.Less.com/itwasthebo… #imdoneOne of the best dinners I've had in a while!! Great atmosphere and love that I could see the cooks in action!! Had champagne and some great appetizers then the best burger ever!!! The Luke Burger was huge and on point! Had a Stella on draft with it which made it even better! I went with a group of friends and it's definitely a spot to go for big groups! Made reservations, which made it easier to be seated and the server was funny and knowledgable about the menu items!This restaurant is amazing! Perfect lunch spot in the CBD. The decor and staff are very welcoming. I tried the croque Monsieur as suggested by the waiter, and it was delicious! It was perfectly cooked and perfectly cheesed as to be expected with that kind of sandwich! Would definitely recommend to someone looking for a nice lunch.We are at Luke's last night !!! Wow, oysters on the half shell, gumbo and buttered drum fish!!! Amazing Also the dirty martini was working!! Great food and fantastic location. This is a mustCame here on a Friday night with a bachelorette party. We originally had a reservation for 8pm, but called around 6 to request a later time, and they accommodated 7 of us at 9:15 easily. Upon arrival, we were greeted by the manager, and immediately served complimentary champagne. We sat towards the back of the restaurant, and it was very private. Our server, "Richie Rich" was amazing. He made friendly conversation, suggested entrees and drinks, and brought warm bread with the waters.  I ordered the Poulet- Grande-mere, which was herb roasted chicken, summer veggies, and whipped potatoes. It was delicious and filling. I ordered the Streetcar drink, which was also very good. I was impressed with their service and attentiveness, as well as the ambiance and clean restrooms. I paid for the bachelorettes' and myselfs' dinner, and it was less than $100. I would recommend eating here when in NOLA.I was sorely disappointed with my meal at Luke.  The service was absolutely terrible, and the food was just okay for the prices they charged.  Typically I do not write very negative reviews, especially when a restaurant is so well regarded (especially on Yelp).  My wife was completely dissatisfied with the overall quality of the food and the lack of attention that we received.  I am sure if we had a different experience service wise, maybe I would have rated this restaurant differently.Great all-around. We hadn't done much research and didn't make a reservation, but the hostess still got us a table for 3 at 6:00 (with the promise that we'd be done before 8)The Poulet Grand-Mère was extremely flavorful and tender, the Étouffée was delicious, and the burger and fries were fantastic. Their beers were great too.Service was great. The waiter was super friendly and made great suggestions.You should make a reservation because I think we were really lucky to get in (plus it was a Monday)I enjoyed my dinner at Luke.Our table of eight shared the chicken and rabbit pate, mussels, salad, and foie gras. Everything except for the mussels were great. I have to remind myself to avoid molluscs in New Orleans, they really do not agree with me.For mains, I had the shrimp and grits and discovered that I love grits! Although the size was on the smaller size for the American and NOLA palette, it was perfect for me. From what I heard, the chicken and duck confit were wonderful as well, but the fish entree and the fries with the mussels were salty.Overall, the meal was a little pricey for the ambience and serving size. Service was good and timing, for New Orleans was almost fast. (So average speed for any other city.)I would visit again, and would order any of the appetizers, cocktails, and would ask them to go easy on the salt on the mains.Come during 3 PM to 6 PM!!!! Really. Come during that time frame. I don't care if it's too late for lunch and too early for dinner. Just come!!!!It's happy hour time everyday during those time. Ever..y..dayyyyyy!!! And what you get for messing up your internal clock for eating? 50 cents oysters.  I had $1 oyster happy hours before but never 50 cents. And not just some cheap oysters, but NOLA's famous crazy meaty P&J oysters. Look at my photo of it. Just look. I have never seen one meatier than these at this size. If you like thinner style oysters, these might not be for you.And if you want it cooked instead of raw, they have the same thing for $6 for half a dozen fried ones.  I didn't have any of those because I ordered 2 dozen raw oysters for just myself. As an afterthought, I should have ordered less raw just to at least try out the fried but I liked the raw one too much.Oh yea. They also have half priced drinks during happy hours too but why would you care about that right?Of course I couldn't just live on raw oysters alone so I started with a small cup of gumbo and because so many mentioned it, I fought internally between their famous burger and what some said was the best Shrimp and Grits around the area. The Shrimp and Grits won out just because it was more of a local food where a burger, no matter how good, is everywhere.I would pass on the gumbo. 3 stars. Good but there are better around the French Quarters.The Shrimp and Grits was amazing. The Shrimp was tender. The grits was buttery smooth. There is a nice slightly charred cheesy shell on top of the sauce which I didn't get at the other place. I would say this is my second favorite Shrimp and Grits so far. Just be aware this one is with a slight french twist as per the kind of higher end restaurant that it was so it's less traditional but not far off. 4.5 starsThe staff was amazingly attentive and friendly. The atmosphere as mentioned was slightly higher end but not to the point of feeling snobby. You could walk in with your casual clothes as long as you look decent.This was probably my best deal during my whole trip. And a delicious one at that.Had lunch there yesterday and breakfast this morning. Both experiences were positive. Oysters and crab corn soup (were out of crawfish bisque) were both excellent. Breakfast today was delicious although the beignet was a bit too dense. Table had 5 different breakfast choices and all were pleased. Service came with a smile both times. Not too loud, pretty spacious and not too overpriced for the celebrity chef circuit.Outstanding in every way; brought me back to visiting my grandfathers town in Alsace as a young boy.  The smells, the liveliness, superb simplicity of the food. Oysters were out of this world; fresh, plump and sweet.   Charcuterie was simply wonderful.  Ambience, perfect.  Staff and service, top notch. Ive eaten at Chef Besh's other restaurants and expect nothing but the best.  He always delivers.  Can't wait to go back later in the week for happy hour oysters and a few cold Hoegaarden's.This restaurant is awesome!  We weren't really sure where to go and found this place via Yelp!  We had the best dinner, and service, we went back on our second night in town.   Kevin and Camella were our servers and they really were the icing on the cake as far as our experience.   The food was great.  We had a bunch of appetizers, including the 50 cent oyster for happy hour and the rest of our choices were amazing!   When back in NO we will be sure to go back to this place!Came here before a friend's dessert and cocktail party to have a light bite. We had three appetizers, the crab maison, the flamenkuche, and the frogs' legs.The crab maison was fabulous, just a light hint of horseradish that really kept the creamy sauce from being too rich or heavy. The flamenkuche was delicious, the abundance of caramelized onions made this thin-crusted tart have plenty of body, and the frogs' legs, despite being fried, were light and airy, with a nice acidic compliment from the sauces on the plate.Overall the food was amazing, we were so glad we came here. The atmosphere is cute, with  very classic decor. It is next to/shares bathrooms with the Hilton Hotel's lobby, but it doesn't feel like a hotel restaurant and it is extremely clean. Our waiter, "Richie Rich" was awesome. Funny and quirky, but by no means one of those waiters that is constantly present/tries to take center state each time they visit your table side. Overall, I wish I would have been in town longer to come back and try out their entrées.I usually don't write reviews and especially negative ones FYI. That said food and drinks prices are a little but on the ridiculous side. We know chef had been on TV but that shouldn't mean you gouge your guests. Crab entrees were nothing special and shrimp and grits w poached was very good so I can recommend but still tough to justify price. Especially with all the amazing shrimp and grits choices within blocks of there. Server was very good, hostess was wiping her runny nose on her sleeve which was not appetizing. If have to have a meal at one of J Besh restaurants go to August for 3 course meal at lunch instead. Enjoy and happy dining in Nola! Oh also skip acme and go to Felix's right across the street.Luke was the last place we visited after our rage across NoLa.  We walked in during brunch and immediately found seats at the bar.  The bartender welcomed us with a friendly smiles and recommendations.  We came specifically for Foie Gras Terrine and toast points, and after four plates we were completely satisfied with brunch :)  The bloody Mary also sit the spot and we were off...Definitely a great place to visit...I sat at the bar on a Monday night. I was told there was going to be a 10 minute wait for a table for 1 (half the tables were empty), so I was like...ok.. you're either lying to me or there really is a long reservation list. The bartender was a sweetheart, and eventually people did start rolling in. If you plan to eat with 2 or more, plan to make a reservation (the place isn't big!). Maybe it's because Luke is Hilton's restaurant (adjacent but no direct access), or maybe it's because the food is great!The Riverbend drink was light and refreshing. I was done after 2 :) I also ordered the shrimp and grits, which was FANTASTIC. The grits were so cheesey and jalapeno-y, and the shrimp was covered in delicious butter. I wouldn't say the shrimp was JUMBO like the description says it is, but they were medium large. There could be a little bit more shrimp and andouille, but it's a fancy place I guess. My side order of the salad Luke was also delicious. The beets were sweet and just crisp enough. I wouldn't mind ordering a full size for my meal next time. The gentleman sitting next to me loved his roast chicken dish, as well.The guys shucking the oysters were really funny to talk to, also. I wouldn't mind sitting at the bar again. I was staying at the Intercontinental across the street, and I would totally do it all again!We had reservations for 3 at 11:30 and arrived on time.  We got seated quickly BUT this is when it went downhill.We seriously sat there for a good 15 mins without anyone coming to us for drink orders nor were we acknowledge.  Luckily for them we had met someone the night before and was treating him out to brunch or we would have gotten up and left.  I flagged down the person that seated us to let them know we have not been helped and she said that she'll send someone right over.  Someone (who wasn't our waitress) came and gave us some water and said our waitress will be right over.  About 5 mins later someone finally showed up at our table.  SERIOUSLY?  HOW COULD SERVICE BE THIS BAD at such a notable restaurant????? She took our drink orders and we did not get them until 10 mins later.  Our waters never got refilled during this time.  We also put in our food orders when she took our drink orders.  It took a good 30 or so minutes for our food to come out.  Our waitress never came back to check on us during this time to refill our waters or ask us if we wanted a second round of drinks. By the time our food came I was not in the mood to eat anymore.  I ordered the Egg in the jar and was really looking forward to it but in the cranky mood I was in, I barely touched it.  I'm sure it would have tasted better if we hadn't been ignored for so long.  The only thing that kept me happy was the conversation that was being had with the company I was with.If Luke were real, I would kick his ass!UPDATE (5/30/14):  A manager at Luke's reached out to me after this review and apologized for the lack of service and extended an invite back.  I will give Luke's another shot.  Stay tuned for another review....Maybe it was the day of the week we went (Monday) or maybe the time of day (12ish), but the place wasn't anything special, just blah.  The waiters could smile a little more, but service was okay.  I got the croque madame, hubby got some ham? roast beef? sandwich, and wanted to get our little one mac & cheese - but they were out of cheddar???!...so a basic grilled cheese was out too...Is this a serious restaurant?  The ham was a bit salty so overwhelmed both our meals, and I'm not so sure the bread was fresh.  First impressions count, so won't be coming here again.This time I came for dinner!!! Sooooo amazing on so many levels! They were fully committed for the evening so we were lucky enough to grab 2 stools at the bar. Our bartender Amalie(sp?) was so freaking amazing! We kept asking her about the drinks she was making and all the food on the menu and she explained everything with ease and honesty. My whole meal was based on her recommendations and I was in Heaven.We orderedStarters-cup of gumbo and Luke salad.Gumbo had plenty of okra, sausage, muscles and more..Classically Devine!My boss had the Luke Salad which was simplistic with balanced flavors. I kept stealing his yellow beets off his plate, they were so fresh, crisp and juicy.Entrees:I ordered the shrimp and grits with crab on top! Hot Damn my toes curled again!The shrimp were cooked perfectly on top of Jalapeño cheese grits and a massive amount of lump crab on top. And the sauce was the best of New Orleans In your mouth.My Boss had the Roasted chicken which had the best bacon I have ever had in my life in a sauce with Caramelized onions and more. My boss doesn't eat seafood which made me worry about eating in NOLA with him, but this chicken made me say seafood what???And for the piece de resistance dessert.. Steam Chocolate Cake with Salted Carmel ice cream and a crunchy decorative piece on top that added the perfect crunch to every bite! Mind you I'm not a chocolate lover and I could have licked the bowl..Amalie also made us several mind blowing cocktails that were so balanced yet complex she is true mixology at its best.Wonderful wonderful experience yet again!This time coming back was far better than the previous times I've been here - the service was so much better Terrione was our waiter and he was SO great! The service changed over around 3pm (to him) and it was fantastic!We had a delicious breakfast here:* Eggs in a Jar: Fried Shrimp, Poached Eggs, and Jalapeño Cheese Grits * Fried Chicken Biscuit with Spicy Mayhaw GlazeMy friend said there is $0.50 oysters during happy hour.  I have not been to Luke for happy hour, but definitely will keep that in mind for the future!  How likely can I convince the restaurant to serve breakfast items during happy hour, too? :)Amazing food and amazing service.  Friendly,  knowledgeable staff.  Gulf oysters,  frog legs and entouffee are all to die for!  Glad we decided to get away from Bourbon street for dinner and give Luke a try.  Wonderful.We were greeted by a ho-hum hostess and a waiter in a dirty jacket who stuck his elbow in my wife's face as he poured my coffee.  Don't get the eggs in a jar as they have goopy texture problem. Dry tough sausage and watery chocolate for the beignets provided the finishing touches to a perfect breakfast!  Couldn't get out of there fast enough.50 cent oysters and half priced cocktails makes a fantastic happy hour!  Love it!  I also had the étouffée which was good not the best I've ever had but decent.  Service was friendly.Why 3 stars? Our server was horrible. I've always believed that service should play a huge role in my reviews no matter how good the food is. We had reservations for 10pm since earlier times were booked. We walked from the French Quarter to this place and there was a bad accident on the way so we had to take a bit of a detour. We were here on a Friday night, but it wasn't too busy. We were quickly seated and our server came to us about 5 mins later. He gave us the menu and went over the specials for the day. Everything seem good, but once our order came out we never saw him again. He didn't come out to fill our glasses or check on us instead he was waiting on other tables. We finished our meal and had to wave him down several times for the check. Well guess what? Almost 30 mins later he never came back with the check so we had to ask someone else for it. Sorry for the rant about the service, but it wasn't something I expected from a John Besh establishment. About the food. This was our second John Besh restaurant on this trip and I've to say I wasn't overly impressed with either. I ordered the shrimp and grits that came out in a little pan, raw oysters and P&J baked oysters. The oysters were pretty good so we had to order another dozen. The shrimp and grits was good, but nothing great. Overall disappointed, but mainly with the service. This place won't be on my list of places to visit again.Best oyster happy hour ever. The space feels grand yet the atmosphere is still casual. Determined to return for a full meal experience.Rockin' - really rock solid rocking. I love this place. The feel (just off St. Charles Street - you can feel the vibration of the street car as it heads uptown to the Garden District while you're eating; that's so unique to New Orleans), the understated decor, the French inspired cafe menu - everything merges together to create a wonderful dining experience.A word about the food - French fries. Okay, it's two words; but come on . . . The fries are awesome. Who doesn't love great fries?! Need I say more.A "cherry on the top" of this stellar review - is the fact that they are open until 11 pm. And, unlike many New Orleans restaurants, their still hopping at 11 pm.I love this place. It is great! I'll be back for sure.I really wanted to try out this place while in town and last minute was able to slide in.  It is crowded.  It is expensive.  It is good and it was worth coming by.  Food was tasty, plentiful, and varied.  Service was attentive, quick, and professional.The best?  The crawfish bisque - WOW!  The worst? I couldn't finish my meal :-( but the dessert was so worth leaving food on my plate, even if that is a rare thing for me.Great deal for happy hour -- fifty cent raw oysters, one dollar fried oysters, 50% off drinks.Unfortunately, other than the oysters and drinks we were a little disappointed. The Etoufee was moderately tasty but very small for the prince, the complementary bread was frankly inexcusably stale and un-appetizing and the foie gras terrine was on the edge of frozen when it came out.Come for the happy hour drinks and oysters but skip the rest.Literally worse service I have ever had at an upscale restaurant. They lost our order, brought wrong food, brought right food cooked wrong, and then manger was rude. We will never ever go back and never recommend it. Only reason for 2 stars was a decent steak my boyfriend had.Awesome happy hour experience! 1/2 price premium cocktails and great food at a fair price: $.50 oysters, gumbo, mussels, shrimp & grits - everything was delicious. One of our best meals in New Orleans.Best damn raw and fried oyster I ever had. The 3 to 6pm happy hour is an incredible deal. My daughter and I ate our weight in them. The fried oysters were so perfect that I crave them daily. The spicy ranch dipping sauce was drinkable. We sat at the bar and were just in heaven. JUST GO!Had the crawfish bisque and JUMBO LOUISIANA SHRIMP "EN COCOTTE".  Both were amazing!!  Definitely recommend this to locals and visitors of New Orleans.We stopped in for a late breakfast early lunch. The space is beautiful and the food is wonderful. A few of us got the southern breakfast which they agreed was exactly what they needed after a long night of going out. I ordered the eggs in a jar which were fantastic and the shrimp that came with it were just so good. We also ordered the crabmeat maison which is a perfect light meal for someone who doesn't want anything too heavy which tends to happen when you are eating in NOLA. Another in our group got the shrimp and grits and again loved every bite. This restaurant is in the John Besh group and I am not really sure how you can go wrong with it. I would like to come back for dinner at some point and to really attack the raw bar but I have to say that this place is awesome for a quick and easy breakfast/lunch.Food is not worth the price, fills a hole at best. Went there for brunch because of the reviews. Menu had some leftover food on it from last customers. Service was ok, coffee was way too strong and had floating grounds in it. Probably one of our least favourite meals while staying in New Orleans.5 star food, 3 star service?Our server was not rude per se, but he seemed pretty forgetful.  We had to ask for water twice, and by the end of our meal he seemed to have forgotten we were there celebrating a birthday.  We weren't there to swindle a free dessert and just let it go, but for a waiter to forget something like that after you specifically bring it up...The food, on the other hand, was awesome.  Crawfish bisque, chilled jumbo gulf shrimp, shrimp and grits, and the shrimp garganelli.  I enjoyed every bite and also LOVED the French 75 cocktail. The food portion was unfortunately small. Lunch for 2 came up to about 100 (pre-tip).  May be more if you have a large appetite or come here for dinner. Anyway, I wish the service could be better for a restaurant of this caliber so that it's worthy of the food served.Came here on a busy night and waited approximately 20 min after our reservation time, after showing up 20 min early.Service 3Food 4Ambiance 3Overall: 3.5 StarsHad the foie gras which was good, but came with really hard garlic breadsticks, which did not go well with it. Also had some of their shrimp and shimp/grits dish.Overall just did not feel welcome, or well taken care of compared to the other restaurants we visited on our trip.Food is not worth the price, fills a hole at best. Went there for brunch because of the reviews. Menu had some leftover food on it from last customers. Service was ok, coffee was way too strong and had floating grounds in it. Probably one of our least favourite meals while staying in New Orleans.I don't get all the good reviews!?? Everything was way over priced. Waiters snobby. Atmosphere....not casual. Everyone was dressy. The gumbo I got was meh. Shrimp and grits was ok. Nothing great though. Oh and the only refill we got was our water. Coke is in a bottle so I guess I should've expected no refills but on tea? Wasted $80. There are way better places to eat.Even though I live in Los Angeles, New Orleans will always feel like home. Even when I lived here, the Besh restaurants topped my restaurant charts. With my girlfriend visiting the Big Easy for the first time, having never tasted gumbo or had crawfish, Lüke was the choice. We sat down to a table in the front half of the restaurant (the back was closed for the night), but our hostess offered to let us see a view of the kitchen before we sat down. Through gigantic panes of glass, you can see the kitchen army set about their mission. One day it would be lovely to sit in the back and watch them as we eat. As we sat down, I mentioned to our waitress, Shawn, that we were celebrating a special occasion.  What happened next, I am still unclear. She was motioned away by her manager, Jeff, and the rest became a meal for the ages.She returned with two complimentary glasses of champagne, which they refilled for the rest of the night. We decided that we'd sample both a cup of the bisque and gumbo. For me, the gumbo is exactly what a seafood gumbo should be, a dark not burnt roux, large gulf oysters and shrimp, spicy deja but ready for a dash of tobasco if that's your preference. The crawfish bisque was creamy without being overpowering. It is rich and fragrant, with the final touch being a stuffed crab head sitting right in the middle of the bowl. Shawn returned soon with fried frog legs on the house. I've been having frog legs in many different forms since I was a youngster, but these tempura fried legs were deboned, making them easily cuttable with a fork, with a contrast in sauces with a lemon aioli on top and a green chimichurri on the bottom. Perfectly cooked.With all the rich food, we decided to split the down home delicacy shrimp and grits, and these were the perfect example. Dark roux, grits and perfectly cooked shrimp prawns. They even split ours into separate cast iron skillets. Lastly, they delivered us the only thing we could possibly have eaten- a light and fluffy play on a strawyberry shortcake using strawberries, whipped cream, and the lightest cookies I've ever eaten complete with a birthday candle. The strawberries and cream and  cookies almost melted in your mouth as you put them to your lips. Perfect compliment to our bubbly.We were in awe of the magic of the evening, the warmth of the people- specifically, Vusi the backwaiter, Shawn, our entertaining and funny server, and Jeff, the manager who stopped by to make sure we enjoyed everything. I couldn't have been more proud of Louisiana showing my girlfriend true southern hospitality. All in all, the evening could be summed up in one little exchange as they poured us another glass of champagne:Her: What is happening here? Me: It's New Orleans....That about says it all.Great food, great ambiance. Service was great. The gumbo and matzo ball soups were awesome, as were the fries. The breakfast plates were delicious and more than enough food to make you super full :) We will certainly be going back on our next trip to New Orleans!Two words: happy hour. Ordered raw oysters ($0.50 each), and a couple half off cocktails (a sazerac and absinthe). The oysters, at least the first two dozen, were from a local provider and were enormous. Definitely coming back here.This place lives up to it's name. We had friends that had been to New Orleans a few months before us and and told us to go to this place. It was already on my list though being a hard core foodie person, I had already pretty much researched where I was going to go in town. Luke was something else. It was packed when we got there but we were lucky to get a place at the bar. It was Happy Hour. Bf had the crayfish boil, I had the crab Maison with the breads and some of the Matzo ball soup. Loved the guys at the Oyster bar, they were too much. We made a couple of friends I hope to see again in on the next visit. This was ultimately one of my favorite stops and we were lucky to be able to get in. I was almost scared we wouldn't be able to with the days coming to a close on our visit. It is definitely worth the stop and  the food is outstanding. I wanted to go again, just didn't have the time. Next time. On the way out BF talked to the managers or owners? Who were also completely hospitable. This restaurant is what this town is about.. It's a feel good at the end of the day kind of place. I can see why people flock to it!  The ambiance, the food everything is New Orleans style!!In town on a solo trip. Read all the yelper's yelps about how great the HH is here. It is all that! As a girl who's grown up around oysters I was skeptical of ordering them raw in late June. The oysters that were delivered to me were some big ole fat juicy ones. Delicious, fresh & clean. Excellent service, great drink specials with a good variety of choices of drinks & great HH prices! I highly recommend this as a stop on the day's itinerary.We know good food and this place is it. We visit New Orleans once a year for the past several years and just added this to our must visit list for when we are in town (along with Willie Mae, Mothers and Cafe du Monde, and Big Fisherman). We came here for a second dinner (around 9:45 PM so no wait) during one of our food conquests. The 5 of us ordered family style so we can try a little bit of everything. Our orders were delish, good quality and good taste. Everything on the dish made sense and the flavors complimented each other (not like this other place we went to during our food conquest).Terrine Of Slow Cooked Foie Gras - Frois gras patte. I've had some in the past that didn't fare so well. Not the same as frois gras sautéed, but done well. I'd order this again. Crawfish Bisque - Utter creamy goodness for crawfish lovers. You really taste the crawfish. Salad Luke- Liked the salad. Get a lil of everything on one fork and it's a nice fresh bite. Creamy, sweet and sour. One negative, it was too overdressed. Maybe because it was late, the kitchen person had a heavy hand. Would still get again and ask for less dressing. Entrecôte Grillée Et Frites- Rib eye steak with fancy butter done right. All 5 of us hands down LOVED this dish. Fresh gulf fish of the day was sheepshead fish battered. - At the end of the trip we didn't want anymore fried food, but this dish was okay. It was gone by the end of the evening even though we were full. Poulet Grand-mère - Normally I do not like chicken. It's usually white meat and dry. However, this is a half chicken (bones and all) and makes it to my top chicken meals. The chicken was moist, flavorful, and went so well with Allen Benton's bacon and the mixed veggies. One small downside is the mash was on the salty side, but we'd order this again. Another 5/5 at the table.Brendan's Bread Pudding- The only other place I've had this better was at a top US steakhouse. Very good. Steamed Chocolate - Gone in 1 minute. Bourbon Vanilla Bean Crème Brûlée - Also good. All in all, 5 out of 5 of us liked Lukes. The service was excellent (waitress even gave up a list of places to visit for our trip next year) and the prices were very reasonable for an upper scale type place. A great southern/French restaurant to visit during your trip to the big easy.Food is amazing. Only service was very slow when we stop for breakfast. But during happy hour, oyster for 0.50 cents .... you cant beat that. Next time I'm in New Orleans, i will be eating there again.I had the most epic dinner at Luke's last night with my mom and a friend. We got in under the gun for discounted wine and 50 cent raw oysters. The wine we chose was a sparking rose that was very nice. Not too sweet at all. The oysters were perfect. They brought out a little sampler plate of all kinds of stuff like hog's head cheese, pate, a delicious relish, pickles, etc. Everything was amazing. For the main event, my mother and I split a beet salad and the shrimp and grits. Those golden beets were like candy.  The shrimp and grits were incredible. I could barely eat any more by that time, though (don't worry, I still managed)! My friend had the fried drum which she said was very good. She took some to go to eat the next day.Long story short, no, I was not able to eat breakfast this morning and I'm not so sure about lunch!*2.5 stars*I've dined at Luke a number of times. It's a popular and highly regarded restaurant in downtown New Orleans. Because of this, it is pertinent to have reservations and of course arrive in a timely manner. For all the hype, it's very unfortunate that my experiences at Luke have been less than stellar.It's been a while, but my first visit to Luke was during dinner hours. Our service was on par but the food was not. To start, we ordered Boudin Balls. I adore boudin - but NOT from Luke. Something simple and delicious was hard and tasteless. For entrees, my friend and I ordered the same dish: the Poulet Grand-mere. Neither of us were impressed. In the end we spent the rest of dinner staring  down our other friend who had ordered the giant Luke Burger.Most recently, I was herded to Luke for Brunch before venturing out to the French Quarter Festival. When we were finally seated after our reservation time, regardless of the many other open tables, we were seated at a table just a few feet from the front door and host stand. Although we made the best of it, it is very easy to be distracted by the masses coming in and huffing as they are turned away due to no reservations. Our server did not help to make our experience any better. Although very nice and knowledgeable of the menu, he was obviously distracted, inattentive (would disappear for 20-30 minute intervals) and mixed up/forgot various orders from beginning to end. After starting off with a few adult bevs (one forgotten and not to be seen for 30 minutes when we were finally able to flag our server down) and placing our orders we had plenty of time to chat and enjoy each others company. This was great except over an hour later we had no drinks left, did not have our orders nor had we seen our server. Something was up and we knew it!And right we were. They began bringing our food out in waves... except mine. My breakfast sandwich had supposedly been given away to another table. Starving, thirsty and about to go all primal  on the poor guy, he had enough sense to reel me in (just slightly) with "I'll be taking care of your brunch this afternoon". But you know what the real saving grace was? He brought me another adult bev to enjoy during my wait. The extra step to go above and beyond in attempt to make it up to me. My boiling attitude was quickly turned to a slight simmer. And when my food was brought out within 10 minutes after everyone else, I was relieved.We could only assume that these blunders were due to the madness of FQF. It's still hard for me to swallow though since their tables are rationed out by reservation times and the place had empty tables throughout our time there (almost 2.5 hours!!!!!!).Food/Drink:+Champagne au peche: a mix of champagne and peach puree, this is a rather refreshing and enjoyable drink. However it is also very small for $9.75/ea!+Sausage, Egg & Cheese biscuit: HUGE and DELICIOUS! I had to take one sausage patty off and eat a few pieces of scrambled egg to make this monstrosity more manageable. Definitely something I'd order again, if I ever return.+home fries: a rather small side item for $5, but so good. Not fries but large chunks of oily potatoes with sauteed onions and bits of meat (not mentioned on the menu but a nice surprise for this carnivore)Pro Tip: If you stay in the Hilton next door, you're able to order room service from Luke!How has anyone not given this place 5 stars. Food was great, service was even better. We did make reservations, but only 45 minutes prior to us arriving. Steamed chocolate dessert was by far my favorite.Thanks for a wonderful eveningBest grits. Get anything with grits and you'll be happy. Got the shrimp/andouille and grits. Amazing. Good service. Good drinks. Just do it.This restaurant is 5 star food and service. We went here for a bachelorette party and they brought us complimentary champagne toast. Richie Rich was wonderfully nice and knew the perfect entrée for us by only a few clues to what we like. The food is French German influence so if you don't like that then this isn't the place for you. Finally, try the bread pudding! AmazingI came here tonight with my cousin and best friend, hoping for a great time. We were out celebrating a birthday!First of all, the service was HORRIBLE. I don't know if it was because they undermined us because we looked young, but it seems as if every table was getting attention BUT us. Not only that, but we sat next to a couple that WOULD NOT STOP ARGUING. Definitely ruined the experience of an upscale dinner. Second, the food was mediocre. We ordered the shrimp and grits, rotisserie chicken, and ribeye. Everything was overly salted and poorly portioned.  Definitely had higher expectations due to the chef's name attached.  We will NOT be coming back ever. We could totally receive more for what we spent elsewhere. It was definitely an experience. Pictures are posted. It looked better than it tasted.Had a wonderful dinner here!I started with the 50 cent oyster HH. There's no better oyster HH anywhere! Huge, huge oysters. I then had the flamenkuche- wonderful, crisp, onion-y tart. Really enjoyed this. The only dish I didn't like was the Salad Luke. The lettuce was browning. Why would you send out lettuce like that? I also had a Mint Julep which was really nice. Service was great, very accomodating. Would head back here for HH again.While in NOLA with my hubby, we ate here breakfast, lunch and dinner. No regrets, best restaurant in the city, which is a high compliment in a culinary city like New Orleans. My favorite where the grits and shrimp in a jar.The shrimp en cocotte is literally one of the best things I have ever put into my mouth in my life. Jalapeno cheddar cheese grits, sinfully savory shrimp stock/broth, perfectly cooked shrimp, tasty but not too spicy andouille... it's quite possibly the perfect dish. The etouffee was delightful, oysters were fresh and huge (and cheap during happy hour! 50% off!), the mojitos were super boozy, the desserts were pretty ok (I honestly should have ordered another en cocotte for dessert) and the wait staff was wonderful. Overall I was super pleased with our visit and would be happy to return.Wow! Rabbit pate was Delish. Crawfish bisque was Delish. The king crab was awesome and oh so sweet and we had three different kinds of oysters in our dozen. We didn't get the 50 cent oysters but the ones we got were well worth it!!! However... Parking was OBNOXIOUS!!! The Hilton hotel valets are ASSES!!! The valets threatened us with tickets and towing when we parked in free local parking out front. What a joke! We offered a tip as yeah they're trying to work (I get it) but they tore it up and threw it in the passengers side of the car when we left. Unprofessional to say the least!!! The local sheriff watched the whole scenario and said the valets always give people a hard time and gave us the managers name and number. Thank you sheriff! Luke is a fine restaurant but the Hilton has to work on their courtesy!The shrimp and grits were the best I had ever had.The beneits were a bit sour tasting, not to our liking.The basic egg / bacon and biscuit plate was so so.Luke is a more laid back restaurant from John Besh.  This is Besh's homage to the brasseries that once dominated New Orleans.  I would consider Luke an entry level restaurant to fine dining accessible to most people in a casual atmosphere.The Crab and Corn Bisque has a rich and velvety texture and a nice briny, clean and sweet flavor.  For a bisque it is somewhat light and doesn't coat your palate with heavy cream.Mimi's Buttermilk Pancakes are light and fluffy.  Topped with a honey-pecan butter, this transforms it into true Southern comfort food.  The fruit cane syrup is a little too sweet for my taste, but eaten with moderation makes this a winning dish.The Louisiana Shrimp and Grits is a revelation.  The shrimp are perfectly cooked, and the grits are nice and creamy.  The sauce is made with shrimp stock and Andouille sausage.  For a traditionally heavy dish, the shrimp stock base seemed to lighten the dish up.The Bread Pudding tastes like a combination of French toast and crème brulee, but without the usual bourbon sauce.  Although good, a little kick of booze would have put it over the top.See blog for pics.We came in at about 3pm having high expectations after seeing over 1000 reviews with 4 stars. They were 50 cents oysters so we snapped up a dozen between the wife and I. They were "meh". Large, dark, doesn't look all that fresh, not fruity or salty or anything. Pales in comparison to those I had back in Boston (island creek oyster bar). They were doing a express meal thing for $15 with a soup and entree. I chose the seafood gumbo which was amazing! Flavorful and rich，and not stingy with the ingredients although it was a mini cup size which left me wanting more. My main was a veal dish with crispy pasta. Which was great. I would go back again when I'm back at NolaLuke was overall pretty good. I would say 3.5 stars. The crawfish bisque was good, it had a good flavor, lots of crawfish, and smooth consistency, but I've had better. The blue crab and shrimp étouffée was very good, but very small, like really small, portion for an entree. The shrimp and grits was also very good, but small. There could have been more grits and it would have been more satisfying. The bread pudding was the best I've had at a restaurant. The sauce was great and it came with vanilla bean ice cream on top! Best part of the meal! If the portions were bigger, I would def give Luke 4-4.5 stars!Luke gave me exactly what I needed after a rather rough travel day from SF to NOLA. After two delayed flights, a connection I barely made, 8 hours without a second to grab food, and arriving to find that my hotel had deleted my reservation, I REALLY needed a) calories, b) a drink, & c) someplace chill to relax & re-charge my batteries. It was already past nine at this point, so by the time I got my hotel situation sorted I was sorely tempted to just grab cheap take-out from somewhere, but instead decided to walk the 3 blocks from my new hotel to Luke. A friend recommended it & they were open til 11, so I figured what the heck.The restaurant is connected to the Hilton & is a lovely, chill space with a beautiful bar. The hostess assured me that the whole menu was served at the bar, so I ponied up & ordered the swordfish & kale & a glass of French chard. Both were beautiful & complimented each other perfectly. Definitely some of the best swordfish I've had. If only there had been just a touch more kale!The bar tender was friendly & attentive, & I had great service. Not the cheapest late-night desperation meal, but there was something about eating really good food with good wine that improved my mood & outlook 100%. (It was also comforting to know that if I got too busy or overwhelmed with trying to venture further out into the city for food that there was a reliable spot close by that I could always fall back on. I'd want to try a few more things before I gave it 5 stars, but it gets 4 from me easily.If I could give this place seven stars, I would. I think I've given a few places five stars, I might have to lower their stars to express how good this place is. Food and service is as good as it gets. My wife and I were originally trying to go to Bon Ton Cafe but for some idiotic reason they don't open on the weekend. Fortunately, we already had our eye on Luke. When we sat down and ordered our drinks, I decided to get the Baked P&J Oysters for an appetizer. When I took a bite of the oysters, it was like they woke up my taste buds and took them for a night on the town. For our main courses my wife ordered the "Jumbo Louisiana Shrimp 'En Cocotte'" and I ordered the "Choucroute Garnie Maison". When our dishes arrived my wife looked a little disappointed at the portion size but then she took a bite. She says it was like the flavors were dancing in her mouth and the after taste beckoned her to eat more. As far as my dinner goes, I don't think I've ever been bombarded with such high levels and quantity and quality at the same time. I was drowning in delight and almost didn't come back up for air. When I decided to stop eating (which was about half way through the meat) I felt like I was going to burst at the sides. In the end we decided we couldn't pass up on the dessert and ordered the "Gateau Basque". It was a perfect way to end such an uplifting culinary experience.Only in New Orleans for the afternoon, totally lucked into lunch at Luke's - Seriously delicious food with a great Cajun flair!  We got the ham/pulled pork sandwich and the jalapeño shrimp and grits - both of which just blew us out of the water. A small mistake with a mix up on my food and they had it fixed within a minute and bought us dessert.  (We got the steamed chocolate, which was soooooo good!)Seriously. Go here and just enjoy good good and great service.The happy hour here is one of the greatest in the city.  A French 75 is a must have drink, and for half price 3-6pm, seven days a week.  They have $.050 oysters as well!  Cozy atmosphere just outside of the French Quarter for a little get away from the craziness of Bourbon.Tonight was a perfect night, thanks to the stellar staff who made it so delicious and perfect :) thank you!!50 cent oysters?! Too good to be true, but it is for REALz!!! What a steal.  I had two dozen and could have gone for more.  I just feel bad for the workers cause they barely get any tip on such cheap items.They were really chill though and did not judge us for ordering so much.This deal is a secret.  Without Yelp, I would not have known.  It's not listed anywhere and they don't volunteer this deal out unless you ask.  That's all I ate here.  My friend ordered some bills to make it more worthwhile for the waiter to continue serving us.Was expecting more here.  Perhaps my expectations were too high.  Some of the entrees were really small (Fresh Gulf Fish) while others were filling (Choucroute Garnie Maison).  Good thing an order of the charcuterie sampler was ordered along with an order of the Burger.  I will only comment on the burger, as I believe it was the best thing on the table.  Cooked medium rare *perfect*, juicy, crispy (bacon), rich (swiss cheese), tang (caramelized onions).  The bun that it came on was sublime.  Nice and buttery toasted.Honestly, I'd only come back for the burger.I'm glad that our visiting Portlanders wanted to go to Happy Hour here and partake of those 50cent oysters. It helped erase the memory of my last meal here (see previous review). We were seated in the overflow back room which was lovely...and much quieter than the main space. (Seriously, Luke, consider some sound reinforcement; your main dining room is beyond "lively" and into painfully loud when it's busy.)  I enjoyed my 1/2 price old fashioneds and as I'm not so big on the raw oysters, I ordered a delicious beet salad. And shared fries with the group.Our server was lovely and handled a capacity crowd on Ash Wednesday with ease and grace. Our orders came out in a timely fashion and if there was a delay (with our 2nd batch of oysters), we were given more information. And of course, the company, Merilou, Melvin, Lindsay & Vicky was outstanding.I came with a group of six on a Friday around 3pm, purely for the means of wanting to get their happy hour oysters. The hostess told us that there were no tables available because of reservations. After debating, we told her that we were willing to split up into small groups for tables and she directed us to a table of 6 chairs.. then proceeded to ask if we would be done by 6pm. I don't know if I've ever had a meal at a restaurant that lasted 3 hours. I think I understand where she was coming from but it was still a little off-putting that she wasn't going to offer us an empty table for a reservation 3 hours away.That aside, this place is pretty nice and our server was friendly and on-top of his game. We ordered 6 dozen gulf oysters (one for each of us) and I got a cup of the seafood gumbo. The rest of the table also ordered drinks. The gumbo was alright. I think I would prefer a small mom&pop's gumbo. On to the main attraction of the meal.. the oysters. They took a while to come out (understandable, busy happy hour) so my group was able to drink a couple drinks each. The oysters, when they finally came out? Totally worth it. They were some of the best oysters I've ever had, fresh and good sized.If you're looking for good happy hour oysters, this place should be on your list.Luke is right next to the Hilton - part of it connects through to a lobby hall where the restrooms are located. There is a front dining area and a back room which winds along.Great cold seafood, and we were impressed with our jagersnitzel. The Saturday night rabbit and pasta dish were good too. The sauerkraut was not worth ordering and or ciabatta bread at the table was rock hard. Great happy hour values - some half priced drinks and half price appetizers.BEST MEAL IN NOLA. Hands down.3-6pm happy hour EVERYDAYYYYYYYYYY!!! What does that mean? 50 cent oysters. What does that REALLY mean? THREE DOZEN OYSTERS FOR ME PLEASE. Yes. I'm that girl. Came here on a Sunday around 3pm, which was the perfect time because their brunch ends at 4. We grabbed two seats at the bar, ordered our oysters and half priced alcohol, and proceeded to order more. Eggs in a jar is the only breakfast you will want to eat from now on. HOW DO THEY MAKE SUCH PERFECT EGGS? P.S. Save room for dessert.Quality Natural Food With A Local FlairWe had two meals here, dinner and breakfast. For dinner we had roasted chicken, a Luke burger, and Étouffée. All took close to an hour from ordering to delivery. All were excellent. For breakfast we had the home made granola yogurt dish, southern breakfast and OJ. Be advised that the bacon is not traditional bacon, but instead is very thick sliced and salty. This is really a nice restaurant.Not a huge fan of this place.  I've been all over New Orleans, but didn't think the restaurant was worth the price.  1.  We got the fried oyster, avocado salad.  It was incredibly overdressed, to the point of soggy leaves at the end.  But good flavor.2.  I got the gumbo, yummy but not dissimilar to more affordable places3.  burger, good but not amazing.  Fries were a bit cold and had to ask for a new side.  They weren't crispy either, a little soggy.What was the strangest thing was that it was really difficult to get a reservation, but when we went--the restaurant wasn't full!The service was kind of lack luster and the food was pretty good.I would definitely recommend the baked PJ/ herbsaint oysters, they were delicious, they had a light breeding on then which consisted of herbs, bread and cheese. They were then lightly baked but not too long... They were still slightly raw. I thought it was delicious, and so didn't the other 3 that were with me.We also had the hot boudin Louisiana 2which was actually really good too.The étouffée was good, not amazing.We also had raw oysters which were very good and lastly, the shrimp and grits... Which was probably the best entree.You really cannot dine at any John Besh restaurant and be disappointed so no surprise here, this review is a 5 star review! John Besh does french very well!I was so excited to dine here. Not only is it led by a renowned chef, but it is also very conveniently located. It was walking distance for us, but if you get on the trolley, you can get here easily as it is right on St. Charles. With almost 2000 reviews, I cannot add much except to say that they do accommodate vegetarians. Our server said that the chef cooks up a vegetarian platter every night. Mine was full of flavorful veggies, pasta, and a lovely sauce. Our wine pairing was spot on, and everything was absolutely delectable. With a table of 4, we got two desserts: Gâteau Basque and the Bourbon Vanilla Bean Crème Brûlée and split them. If you want a fine dining experience in NOLA, rush to Luke. You cannot go wrong!Sat at the bar.  Bartender was a machine. Enjoyed watching her pour involved drinks. She had a dry sense of service but friendly. She recommended the shrimp n cheesy grits and I was not disappointed, what a great meal. Not a large portion but very adequate. The drinks were 1/2 price and they were also great. I highly recommend. Would like to return to try their dinner menu.Sometimes you get a dish that is so good, you have no choice but to give a place five stars...  This is one of those times.Went here for brunch and was absolutely blown away.  First had a really good Bloody Mary, subtle spice, good flavor and a nice way to start brunch...  For appetizer, I ordered the bacon and cheese tart (minus the caramelized onions) and loved every bite.  The bacon was soooo thick, not an overwhelming amount of cheese, bust just enough and thin crust which is perfect to really taste the bacon and the cheese. Finally, for my meal I got the shrimp and grits, with eggs and crab meat.  It ended up being something like $25, but, it was PHENOMENAL.  One of the best breakfast/brunch dishes I have ever had.  Soooo many flavors, the sausage, the warm gooey grits, the perfectly cooked shrimp, the crab meat, did I mention the sausage!?  I mean honestly it was incredible....  YOU MUST TRY THIS DISH.Was at NOLA this past week. Tried lots of restaurant, only few worth my time writing an review for them,  because I want people to try THEM.Felix'sLukeWillie Mae'sWent there for the happy hour!! well we were attracted to Luke because of their 50 cents oysters (vs $1.5+ per at the other places), no limit, from 3pm-6pm. we ordered 2 dozens of oysters, sizes are great (some are huge), very fresh. If we weren't flying out that same night, i think we would have ordered more!!Also, their Crawfish Bisque is great too, very rich in flavor and creamy.MAKE SURE YOU MAKE APPOINTMENT!! NOLA's streets might be empty, but not LUKE @ happy hour!!!A great place for happy hour! Half off cocktails, plus 50 cent oysters. Yes, please. Plus the place just looks cool.Had my first shrimp and grits of New Orleans here (the first of many, mind you), and they did not disappoint. The French 75 cocktail was tasty, too.We sat next to the nicest couple who ended up giving us one order of their French fries and buying us dessert (bread pudding--super moist and flavorful). I can't promise you'll get so lucky, but Luke is still worth a try, especially for happy hour.My fiancé and I booked our reservation at Lüke for a Saturday night to celebrate my birthday. My fiancé, having grown up in Alaska, is definitely the seafood connoisseur of us. We both agreed it was probably the best seafood we had in New Orleans during our week there.We started with the frog legs and 1/2 dozen gulf oysters - would highly recommend both. The frog legs were tender and oh so tasty. Gulf oysters were our server's recommendation and he did not steer us wrong.Fiancé ordered the shrimp & grits, and I had the gulf fish with almonds and lump crab. CRAB WAS DELICIOUS, brown butter sauté was AMAZING, and the veggies (though not the star of the dish) were also surprisingly yummy.Ended with steamed chocolate (also YUM). We ate it all and no regrets were had. Would eat again!!Beautiful restaurant. Small. It was cold OUTSIDE & they kept the a/c on INSIDE? I asked three times to turn off a/c & they said they could not b/c it's from the hotel???Whatever....The prices are high Quality is goodGumbo was the best I've had so far in NoLa with mussels, Okra & shrimp ....The shrimp & grits for $24 had 6 shrimp hmmmmm??? It was good but not really better then the S&G I had for 1/2 the price. I was here as 3pm hit and the oysters dropped from $16 dozen down to $6. They were local but not as consistent as ice had elsewhere. Price was AWESOME but I'd rather pay literally a few dollars more for more consistent oysters. I really wanted to like the place, but....The cold bothered usThe waiter never refilled my water even after askingAnd he didn't clean my table of Galen food until asked...Poor service (Alex):-((Ok I know I was just here but my lord! If it couldn't get any better! Had friends in town from jazz feat and took them here! Our waiter, Kyle, was the nicest guy! Super cute and again so informative! Told us where to go to get the best live music and such! And our new dessert some sort of strawberry thing was soooo delicious!This was my previous review on  4/17Your Previous Reviews4/17/2014 Edit "The staff is incredible! Our waitress, Cheyenne, was so nice and informing on not only what to eat but helped us out for fun things todo in the city. The bartender made some of the best cocktails! And I feel as tho I should mention the men who work here are quite attractive (a blond man I'm not sure what his name was and a man with the prettiest brown hair I have ever seen).The food not to mention is rediculousy delish our and their happy hour is just too much fun! I would recommend this place to everyone! Families, singles, dates etcNow that I've lived in New Orleans for over a year and a half (and visit this cozy restaurant every chance that I get), I feel compelled to update my review. Years after my first review, the oysters here are still out of this world. Fresh, plump, and local.  The same guy is there shucking oysters that I remember from my first visit, and happy hour still includes $.50cent oysters and half-priced cocktails from 3-6pm. My cousin came to visit, so her stay had to include an homage to Besh (my chef crush). Alas, no Besh sightings this time, but stellar meal and service all the same. We walked in with a reservation, were immediately seated, and quickly two servers joined us to take our drink orders, water preferences, and recommend starters. We started with the baked P&J oysters that came out piping hot, along with crispy pork belly with roasted Brussels sprouts and beets. Savory, herbaceous, briney, and delectable. We immediately wished we'd ordered more oysters. For cocktails, we both had the New Orleans streetcar - pear vodka, St. Germain and a little lemon. Light, but still with a kick. My cousin ordered the shrimp and grits, while I ordered the moules et frites. Big, sweet Gulf shrimp in savory sauces over creamy grits. Ginormous portions of mussels with a light, garlicky wine broth and perfect, salty frites that we couldn't stop eating. Now, THAT was a meal.  See pics.I had come here before years ago and remembered loving it, so I made my friends try Luke when we came here to visit. I'm so glad we did because it was awesome! My group came here twice in 4 days, we loved it so much. The first time we made a reservation but the second time we didn't. It didn't matter though, they managed to fit us in with no wait. The first time we came for a late brunch. Two of my friends got the Luke burger and I split the local crab omelette with a friend. She and I both got a cup of crab bisque to start. The crab bisque was amazing, so creamy and hot and not at all fishy. It was one of the best crab bisques I've ever had, and I make it a point to try them all. My omelette was good but a tad bit greasy. The crab in it was very fresh and they put a generous amount of it. The salad that came with the omelette had a fresh, great tasting vinaigrette. We also got fries that were ridiculously delicious! I couldn't stop eating the fries, even after I was stuffed. The guys that got the burgers loved it. They said it was simple but well-done and very filling. The next day we went at 3pm for happy hour. The oysters were so good and so cheap! Ditto with drinks. I see why it gets so crowded during happy hour. The only negative part of the oysters was that they were a bit gritty and the shell part was muddier than usual. But that wasn't a big deal. They were fresh and big. My non-oyster-eating friends got the "cochon de lait" sandwiches and again, they loved it. As for the service: the waitstaff here is on point. They're obviously career servers. Luke has great service, even when it's busy. All I can say is, GO. The food was amazing and I can't wait to come back. I wish we had gotten a chance to try more food here!First of all, I, like every other person on the planet, have a huge crush on John Besh. That perfectly coiffed hair, that stellar smile, that knowing twinkle in his eyes, Swooonnnn. Is it getting hot in here? Aside from his good looks, I think he's also an admirable man. His dedication to locally grown, raised or caught ingredients is one I have the utmost respect for and he's a nice family oriented guy.  Now that we have established he can do no wrong, let me get on with my review.I have wanted to try Luke for some time and I finally got a chance not too long ago. This was my first Besh restaurant experience, so needless to say I was positively giddy with anticipation.  We arrived and were seated immediately. If I have one complaint about the restaurant itself it's that tables are very close together and it's extremely loud in there, so a private conversation is almost impossible. Service was impeccable and prompt. I ordered the Saumon Demicuit...grilled wild salmon, blue crab and corn. It was delicious! I was also able to sample my friends fries and I must say they were the best French fries I've ever had. Yummy!I really enjoyed Luke and can not wait to try more John Besh restaurants!Okay guys, I have no idea why there's an umlaut in Luke, and this was a source of silliness for us the entire time we were in Nola. Our hotel was a block or so away, so we kept walking past this restaurant and pronouncing it with a very exaggerated umlaut. Imagine our surprise when all you yelpers suggested coming here for brunch. I was a little incredulous, given the umlaut, but it turns out, it's actually a legitimate brunch place.We came on a Saturday at around 10am. There was no wait, we were seated immediately in the back, near the glass windows looking into the kitchen. This was probably one of the best seats in the house, because we got a chance to look at all of the good stuff coming out. So when the waitress mentioned that eggs in a jar were one of their most popular options, i believed her (I saw three of them come out while we were deciding what to get). Look, I understand it's one of the more important things on the menu, but if someone in your party gets this, and it's not you, you're going to be jealous. You are. So just order it. The shrimp is battered and then fried, and arranged around the rim of this jar. The jalapeno cheese grits and the egg are in the bottom of the jar, and all you really need to do is mix them all around and then throw the shrimp in there. This was by far one of the most interesting and tasty things I ate while I was in Nola. Save yourself the heartache, and just order it. You'll thank me later.We came here for happy hour and then walked back later that evening for dinner. WORTH IT.My fiance and I had some extra time to burn before dinner so we decided to have happy hour. What a great decision. We took advantage of their .50 oysters. The staff and oyster shucker were so friendly. It really made the experience much better. Must get -- the kumamoto oysters. It's a "don't talk to me right now, let me savor and take in this moment" kind of oyster. On top of that, it was all-star weekend and in walked Charles Barkley. "What up Chuck!!!" So yes, champagne and oysters is definitely a must when you visit Luke.Dinner was enjoyable as well. Our waiter, Rusty, was so sweet and attentive. He did a wonderful job explaining the specials and questions I had about the pate variety. My fiance ordered the huge portion of pork shank and bratwurst. That was so deeeeelicious bratwurst, I tell ya. I had the short rib for my dinner and it was cooked perfectly. Overall, I was happy with my Valentine's day dinner. Thank you, Luke!HAPPY HOUR OYSTERS!Great deal for raw oysters. $.50 each or $6 for a dozen. They were very fat and plump oysters.Excellent decor and vibe, very Parisian bistro feeling. We had brunch, the Bloody Mary was great; we sat at the bar & all of the cocktails looked yummy and thoughtfully prepared. Eggs in a jar crowned with big beautiful fried shrimp was worth the thehype. A crabmeat starter was generous and tasty but could have used some more greens, the accompanying croutons were crunchy and tasty.  Since Luke is the only restaurant affiliated with the Hilton, they're open early till late 7 days a week. Ill be back next trip to try more, everything on the menu sounded awesome.Full disclosure: I was hungover at brunch.I know. How irresponsible of me, in New Orleans, on a bachelor party, to drink that much the night before. I say this not to sound cool because I party (still, I mean, guilty), but because my meal at Lüke (don't forget the umlaut!) was a truly amazing breakfast and I'd like to attribute that to the restaurant and not my then-state of malnutrition and dehydration.Now, when you first see the menu, it's a bit overwhelming (again, let's assume this is not a side effect of drinking), and maybe even a bit expensive. But rest assured, it is money well spent - you will certainly taste the high-quality products they put in their dishes here.I went with the seemingly straight-forward Southern Breakfast, soon realizing it was more of a Choose Your Own Adventure-type deal once the waiter started rattling off a series of this-or-that questions to me. Ultimately, I went with two (organic) sunny side-up eggs, some dude named Allan Benton's bacon (apparently, he's a big deal in the bacon world), a biscuit, and hash browns. That last item I honestly didn't see listed anywhere, not even as a side, but if I were you, I'd inquire about 'em, because they were the absolute highlight of my meal. The real surprise was that these taters came tossed with big chunks of super savory, tremendously tasty, thick-cut bacon. Of course, this kind of negated my Allan Benton's bacon pick. Therefore, fair warning, if you get the hash browns, choose the Chisesi ham (yes, Lüke likes to name-drop) or cane syrup sausage, if you want to try a different meat. Otherwise, hey, double bacon. Which is never a bad thing.Either seeing how banged up our group of bros was on a Saturday morning and just figuring we were on a bachelor party weekend (correct, as we later confirmed with them), or Lüke has the most generous staff in New Orleans (could honestly be both of these things), we were brought over two bottles of champagne on the house to help us celebrate. We certainly weren't ordering extravagantly enough to deserve them, nor did our bodies particularly need 'em (please, we still drank up), but man, was that just a super nice gesture, much appreciated.I will say though* that the strange layout of the restaurant was something I just couldn't get over during my meal. Typically I can ignore these things, especially when a meal is this good. But anyway, we were led to Lüke's back half, which was weirdly across a hotel hallway. It had the kitchen on display in what looked like a glass interrogation booth. And it also lacked the high ceilings and open feel of the front of the house, which came off as stately and very gastropub-y. This back room didn't come off as much of anything, and honestly just seemed like an afterthought, a place to put more patrons.Still, strange second rooms won't deter me from making a repeat visit next time I'm in town. I'll just ask to be sat in the front half. And for more hash browns with bacon, please. And maybe some Aleve. Thanks.*This means I'm about to sound like a dick right after the complimentary champagne comment, no matter how hard I try not to.Great place for Happy Hour! $0.50 Gulf Oysters, Half off on drinks! It's a nice restaurant with great prices! The service was also good! The oysters we had were HUGE but it wasn't chewy at all! It was a buttery creamy kind and does not taste salty! We also ordered the Flamenkuche which was like a flat bread pizza with cheese, caramelized onions, and thick chunks of bacon. That was delicious too!Luke has a wonderful ambience--I love the early 20th-century French bistro feel about it. I have been here several times with many different people, and across the board, people are impressed with the food. I have to confess that I have a go to meal here, so my actual experiences are somewhat limited.  Their version of the classic French sandwich the Croque Madame is one of the best I have ever tasted, and that alone makes Luke a regular stop for me.This is a great place for happy hour!  1/2 price drinks from 3-6, maybe until 7.  The bar munchies are delish, too!Group of hostesses were not welcoming when we walked In at 8:25pm, we didn't have reservations,  told us we wouldn't be able to sit until 945, I then went on open table and booked one for 8:30pm, oh isnt technology amazing! We were sat at 8:35, the group of 4 women at the front just seemed to want to  be bitchy because we didn't make reservations ahead of time, but the website clearly says walk in welcome. The waiter was nice, I had the luke burger and it was average, the bottom bun was soggy from the grease... fries were cold. However my wife had the shrimp and grits and said it was the best she has ever had.Luke was a pleasant enough place, but not nearly as nice as it believes itself to be.We visited for lunch on a Saturday, and the food was fine. My steak was a perfect medium, which was odd because I ordered it medium rare. The music was so loud that the waiter misheard us several times. A restaurant pretentious enough to have half of its menu in French should probably have more  discernment than to blast 80s pop at a volume that barely allows for conversation.The tables were small and crowded, the food overpriced, and the wait staff unskilled. In a city filled with excellent food choices, I definitely will be looking elsewhere for a pleasant meal.Only have been here for Happy Hour 50 cent oysters. The place is packed. Oysters are plump and fresh and disappear quickly into my stomach. Drinks are strong and cheap. Can't wait to go back to New Orleans to try other things on the menu. Great thing about this place, Happy hour is not restricted to the bar area. You can make reservations to get a seat at the restaurant and then get the happy hour deals. The Sazerac was my favorite!I typically get a Filet when in the mood for steak, but the menu only offered a Ribeye. I was skeptical but I my goodness.  Best restaurant Ribeye ever.  The flavor was good and steak melted in my mouth.  Friend had the $18 dollar burger and it was worth it.    I will return for the steak next trip.When I first arrived in New Orleans, I consulted Yelp to find a Cajun restaurant where parking was not only safe, but wasn't a nightmare.  This is when  I found Lüke, located inside the Hilton on St. Charles Avenue.  John Besh, who is the chef behind Domenica and Soda Shop in New Orleans, is the culinary brainchild behind Lüke.My first meal here was for dinner, where me and family started with the Boudin Louisianne (9.5), which was boudin served with cracklins and spicy cabbage.  I had never had boudin before in my life until then, so I have nothing to gauge its authenticity.  All I can say is, I enjoyed it!  The spicy cabbage lacked a bit of flavor except for the spiciness, but the it did compliment the boudin.  The boudin is definitely a dish to be split between several people, as it can get a bit heavy, but the cracklins really were a plus!We also got the Jumbo Louisiana Shrimp "en cocotte" (22), which was roasted jalapeno cheese grits, andouille & green onion sausages all in a cast-iron skillet.  The jalapeno cheese grits ended up being my favorite part of any dish that night!  The jalapeno was just enough to flavor the melted, slightly burnt cheese on top of the grits.  And I didn't think I liked grits before this - but beware, it's oily!  The andouille sausage was also good, but unfortunately, the shrimp didn't taste very fresh.We also had the Seafood Gumbo a la Creole (8), which was tasty, but in my opinion, not all that unforgettable for one reason or another.  It wasn't the spectacular gumbo I was hoping it would be, but it was still flavorful, though a little too salty for my taste.edit//I was told by one of the friendly staff that they have a happy hour with 50 cent oysters and half off drinks, so sure enough, I returned with a couple of friends.  The bar is quite the wait (reservations are recommended), but it's totally worth it!  The oysters are ginormous, they're fresh, and cleaned out well by the extremely friendly guys behind the counter.  I had the St. Charles Streetcar, which was nice and refreshing.  The Riverbend was also refreshing, but a bit sweeter and fruitier.  Needless to say, we had an awesome time, and completely recommend this to everyone (who eats seafood/oysters).My friend and I came here for lunch while vacationing. WOW, the portion sizes are HUGE.  The restaurant itself had a great atmosphere. The place was a lot bigger than it looks from the outside.  When we first arrived (without reservations) we were told the wait would be about 40 minutes.  We ended up only waiting about 5 minutes and we got a table.  We ordered an appetizer, which was very tasty.  I decided to get a burger and fries.  I think the burger was bigger than my head.  They served all our food on wooden cutting boards which I thought was unique and fun.  The wait staff were all tremendous and so very nice. The food was excellent. I would definitely come here again.Service was slow. Thank goodness the food was great to make up for it. The gumbo has oysters in it and the burger was actually really really good.Food amazing, service eehh.  So this place is small & very busy, reservations highly recommended..... Drinks pretty good & service as the bar was fast.  Once we were seated we had two different servers that were serving us & they both took forever to do anything, they were nice I will give them that.  We ordered beet salad OMG SO GOOD, shrimp & grits (delish) & shrimp en contte (also delish, better than the shrimp & grits & that is saying a lot).  Again, they were busy & it took forever but worth the wait.  Ahhh dessert bread pudding the absolute BEST I have ever had & I am actually not ever really a fan of bread pudding until now, I mean this stuff was to die for a MUST TRY.We ordered the special Court Bouillon (a seafood stew) and split it for a late lunch. Our server Will was great. He made excellent suggestions, including the salad which they split for us as well. I'm just sad that it took all week to discover this place.Don't walk in to this place without a reservation. 7:18 on a Monday night, open tables, open barstools - asked about dinner for two.  Was told no way until at least 9. Not offered seat at bar - just "no". Good luck. Looked decent, guess we'll never know.  Nope, not giving them a second chance.You can't go wrong with John Besh.  Came here for lunch on a Friday.  Our server was helpful and friendly, and gave a lot of great recommendations.  We ended up having the beet salad, which was so flavorful.  The roasted pistachios added just the right spice and flavor to the mix.  I had the cochon de lait pressed sandwich.  Was enough for 2 people and came with a huge container of skinny french fries.  My boyfriend had the special of the day and loved it as well.  Great lunch spot!This John Besh restaurant was one of the best dining experiences I've had. The Shrimp and Grits a perfect plate of food. The grits were cheesy, buttery with perfect texture, and a couple people at the table claimed that it was the best shrimp they've ever had. Rib eye was very good as well. The Pâte came with assortments of mustards and garnishes that added to the flavor. Also ordered a few biscuits to try that was delicious. Not to mention, this was the BEST coffee I've ever had in my life. Service was excellent despite how large our party was and the restaurant being very crowded.Ordered: Pâte of Louisiana rabbit & chicken livers: perfumed with truffles country bread croutons Louisiana Shrimp & grits: roasted jalapeño cheese grits, andouille & green onion sausage (added a pouched yard egg)Entrecôte grillé e et frites: grilled ribeye, maître d'hôtel butter, sauce béarnaise, or sour mash steak sauceJ and I are suckers for celebrity chefs so on our trip to NoLa, we had to eat at Lüke. We came for lunch and ordered:The Southern Breakfast ($15): sunny-side up egg, Allan Bentons bacon, hash browns and a buttery flaky biscuit with fresh chunky blackberry jam. The hash browns were amazing - pan fried potatos mixed with chunks of cubed bacon. The Lousiana Shrimp&Grits ($22):  The dish came in a small 6inch cast iron griddle. A bit pricey (considering we paid half the price for shrimp&grits at Surreys) but very delicious.  The jalapeno-cheese grits were the perfect consistency (very creamy from all the butter) topped with sausage and jumbo shrimp swimming in a some cajun sauce. The dish was small but very heavy and filling.We came back the next day after hearing about the happy hour 50 cent oysters on a half shell and $1 fried oysters. We got 2 dozen raw which was a bad idea considering each oyster was the size of my palm ANDI felt they didn't taste fresh - as if shucked hours too soon in preparation for happy hour. Stick to ACME or Felix's for the raw stuff.First, when you walk into the restaurant you immediately are welcomed with brasserie style environs, personable staff, seafood towers the likes you'd see in NYC and Paris bistros and brasseries.... Nice.  It's lively at Luke, the music for rhythm junkies.  I was at home.   I like the wood panels too.  It's a place i would want to have a few draft beers,  Kir Royale and seafood.  Walked in early around happy hour and we took advantage of the oysters special. At 1268 reviews and counting, this place is deeeelish. First,  I had a dozen. Sounds like a lot but there were mongers eating 2 dozen at a time.  The raw oysters were cold, the liquor crisp, clean tasting with a slight briny edge that confirmed they are fresh and shucked seconds ago.  Then the shrimp and grits arrived. The description mentioned, jumbo shrimp and grits.  I wanted to try this dish here because it's been hailed as one of the best plates to try.  I sampled the grits, bold cheesy slightly rich yet simply put together, nice.  I got into the shrimp -- they were not jumbo, unless jumbo in gulf waters is medium sized in my book.  I found the shrimp to be fresh meaty good.  Then a powerful Cajun salty attack took over my palate.  I don't mind spice as I appreciate Cajun food but the salt was 3 dimensions above salty.  I sent it back.  I picked more oysters this time, since we seemed to have more luck with them.  There was a wait for fresh oysters at this time and we were treated to fried oysters on the house--  delicious,crunchy with a nice sauce for dipping.   That was very nice of them to do that.  In the meantime, my second course, the roasted beets salad with spinach and crunchy spiced/toasted pistachios came.  It was a bit oily, the golden beets were fresh and delicious, slightly to the tooth.   I  was OK with the dish until I crunched into one of the spiced pistachios and that too, was super salty. I couldn't help but think that the cooks at this restaurant smoke heavily as this is what I've experienced in cities like Paris or Rome, where smoking is common and chefs who smoke  are a bit heavy on the Na-CL.  Less 2 stars for the overwhelmingly salty food.Was only able to take one foto too much fun drinking with friends over wine and cocktails. It was really fun here that I forgot about the food.  But, a reminder to Mr. Besh, please test your food.  Tip:  As mentioned the oysters during happy hour at half price are freshly shucked scrummy.   I had 2 dozen at 50c a pieceVisits: 1If you only try one creole place this would be a good one. Its on the upscale side with amazing service, but you'll fit in just fine wearing jeans.The menu has a great range of options, from the awesome burger to the duck. I've been twice and all of the dishes have been winners. Don't forget to order dessert, they have the best bread pudding I've had in town.Highly recommended:The Luke burgerThe shrimp and gritsThe shrimp etouffeeDessertI found this brunch place on Yelp and am glad we did.  I had the shrimp and grits and my boyfriend had the standard breakfast plate.  I really liked my meal and he did as well.  His came with a biscuit and the homemade jam was to die for as well as the biscuit.  I would definitely come back here when I'm in New Orleans again.My sis loved her duck, cooked 2 ways. I had the Sunday roast pork special which seems like a small portion initially but is is rich and filling! The special came with desert, so save room. I chose the bread pudding which has a whiskey flavored sauce that is traditional NOLA style. The Étouffée is perfect also. The étouffée and the pork special came with Jalapeño grits. It was a last minute decision to eat here but a very good call. The place is bigger than it appears. The front is narrow but the space is deep like 2 building joined together. As the Bacchus parade rolled along outside we dined. There are only so many floats and beads you can collect in a day before tiring.Two words - Crawfish Bisque.My friends and I were in town this weekend for Wrestlmania XXX and couldn't wait to enjoy the authentic cuisine. One of my friends said we had to try this place as he'd eaten there before we landed. Once we ate here, it was a wrap. We kept thinking about the soup even after we left! We went here twice.Cheyenne was great! She was friendly and attentive. The manager thanked us for returning by providing a delicious complimentary appetizer. There wasn't one thing on the menu that didn't look delicious. The next time I'm in New Orleans, I definitely plan on returning.Chef John Besh is a master at his craft and his team is nothing short of amazing.  Eating here was probably in my top 5 restaurant experiences in my life.I am a major John Besh fan and for good reason, you actually can taste the love of food and pride in his heritage in each bite.We dined here on Friday night for my bachelorette party and even though we were a larger (and probably slightly loud) group of girls, we felt as if the staff treated us like VIPs. We were treated to a glass of champagne and the manager stopped by to congratulate us.Being a huge fan of Chef Besh, I simply asked the waiter to suggest to me whatever the Chef's favorite meals are and he suggested the P&J oysters to start and the Jumbo Louisiana Shrimp "En Cocotte." The oysters were amazing. Talk about a burst of flavor in your mouth. The En Cocotte was epic. It was so tasty that we were actively trying to figure out when we will next come to the restaurant and if we can find ways to fly down just for the food.The only snag was that one meal did not make it out with the others.  The manager came over to apologize in person and as an apology treated us to another round of champagne.We all cleared our plates and were too stuffed for dessert but the team brought out little Besh Box truffle samplers which hit the spot.  These truffles could easily compete against some major French pastry and chocolate shops in Paris.The only thing that could have made the experience better was if I could meet Chef Besh and personally thank him for the amazing meals and for being an inspiration to those of us who share the same philosophy about food and cooking, buy local and cook with love. Maybe one day I'll have the honor and maybe I could even get him to take a pic with me or sign a copy of his book...a foodie girl can dream.This place is fabulous. They really do have $.50 oysters at Happy Hour. Service was fine, they didn't look down their noses at us trying to keep it on the cheap. We still ended up spending $100 on 3 people. Had to have the mussels and foie gras...Don't put too much heart into this review, as I only had a soup and salad, but....Table bread was stale, Matzo Ball in my soup was ice cold in the center...The bacon in my salad had a delicious smoke flavor, but was waaaaaay over salted. Im giving 2 stars for cleanliness and nice attentive and friendly staff.No need to go by and try more things. I'll just hit up Cochon next time I'm in town.The Luke burger is divine!!!!!!!! It's made by magical hands that season this high grade beef to perfection!! It's so good that I just can't stop giggling and saying "mmm" (strong emphasis) with every bite! You have to have to have to try this burger. I'm addicted!!!Great happy hour and awesome cocktails!  French 75 is made with cognac (as it should be) and the raw oysters were huge, the fried oysters delicious, crawfish bisque out if this world, and the lemongrass shrimp meatballs w/ spaghetti was equally awesome.  Also,love that they have an absinthe cocktail and a variety of pastis.I'm absolutely enamored by this place.  And how you can not with fifty cent oysters and half off drinks from 3-6 pm everyday?!  Everything about Luke, from the robust menu to the dark hardwood and tile throughout the restaurant feels right.  A little secret that I kind of don't want to share, is that they have several small TV's at the bar and when there is a Saints game scheduled during happy hour I'm there slurping down several dozen oysters and a French 75.The oysters are always really clean with their muscle completely detached from their shells with almost no shell debris inside.  The flavors of the oysters definitely change with the seasons, but I've yet to have a dud of an oyster here.  Their French 75, a strong yet delicate cocktail made with cognac and champagne has a nice froth and mellow sweetness created by a booze soaked cherry.  Sometimes I will order small plates or a sandwich off the menu which have all been excellent.  Last time I ordered the pate it came with pickled watermelon rind and I'm still thinking about those sweet, crunchy pickles.  The Luke burger is one of the best in the city and comes with perfectly crispy fries.Very affordable but upscale.  I took a group of six for a business breakfast and managed to feed everyone for $150, including a healthy tip. I had the egg white frittata, which was a great light option. My friend raved about her beignets. And the Southern Breakfast is amazing.We were so impressed, we returned for lunch later in the week. I had the matzo ball soup and the sautéed veg as a side. Both had just enough "zing" in terms of spice and the matzo balls were just the right density. Not what you expect in a NOLA restaurant, but wonderful!I will say that the service at breakfast was lackadaisical compared to the lunch service from the bar.Best oysters and seafood dishes in my life ! If you are a seafood fan come to the happy hpur for $.50 oysters special.  Love that fresh gulf oysters and shrimp.Reviewing profiteroles only.The profiteroles at Luke are interesting. I would not say delicious with reservations. I was expecting a cream puff of soft standard faire with ice cream and apple cinnamon syrup. What I got was in fact a slightly wheaty profiterole though. Now, I would say the wheat is there to counterbalance the apple cinnamon sauce, but not with 100% certainty. I do think it's interesting a great variant on a standard classic, but I would not recommend it over standard profiteroles. But still good! Try it once.This was the restaurant across the street from my hotel and I walked by every night to see if I could get a seat at the bar for dinner.  Alas, it was packed every time!  The day of my flight out though, I manage to sneak in for lunch and wasn't disappointed!I got the lunch special, which comes with the entree for the day and a cup of soup.  I also got a sazerac since I had to get at least one in before leaving town.The sazerac was great, but note that I'm not a connoisseur of whiskey drinks in general.  For the soup I chose the crab and corn bisque and I'M SO GLAD I DID.  So creamy, flavorful, delicious and... well, crab-y.  I'm sure their gumbo would have been delicious too, but I'd already had my fair share on this trip.Sadly the entree was just ok for me.  It was the spicy lamb meatball and pasta for that day, and it was a bit bland overall.  The meatballs were tasty and juicy, but I didn't get much heat.I'd come back though definitely!  Hoping to try more of their cocktails and beer next time around!No idea how to pronounce the umlaut here. But the food is unquestionably awesome. Would come back here and bring guests, since service was expedient and the restaurant was nice and clean.We came for brunch. The raw oysters were fresh and well sized, although I've had more delicious ones with more sea flavor and sweetness to the meat. They went down real smooth.Drinks wise, the champagne-cognac-lemon juice drink is the best hands down. Yummy with a good size, none of that tiny champagne flute nonsense.I had the shrimp and jalapeno cheese grits. Best I ever had, perfectly creamy without an overwhelming cheese flavor. The shrimp gravy was like, POW I am flavor invading your mouth and ravishing your tastebuds. That good.The boyfriend had the burger and fries. Perfectly medium rare patty, that's one well cooked burger. Other than that the flavorings were nothing unusual, so I did find myself wishing they would change it up. But they only offer one burger on the menu and it's known as top ten in the U.S., so why fiddle with success? Fries were thin style with grated cheese, very good. None of that feeling of, oh, these just came out of a freezer and were sitting under a heat lamp.Excellent service. Waitress was intelligent and understanding when half our group on the reservation didn't show. Great place!Prior to booking a Sunday brunch for my family here I didn't realize that the place was  at the foot of a big hotel. Also, the restaurant itself is quite expansive. Short of that everything was fantastic. We were a group of six. The service is very attentive and friendly. We sampled things from the entire brunch menu and everything was quite yummy. I personally had the "breakfast in a jar" which was grilled shrimp poached eggs on top of jalapeno grits and bacon side of widemouth mason jar. Quite delicious and a unique twist on Southern fare. With so many great places to choose from in New Orleans you sure could do better but under the right circumstances and when near the location, Luke rocks!Service was disinterested, but the food was good:- Oysters were delicious- Gumbo was only OK. Disappointed given the raves- Shrimp and grits were really good. Really liked the touch of jalapeno.We saw a bunch of people order the burger which looked really tasty. If I'm ever back in town, will try that!Luke's is my favorite hangout spot in New Orleans. The bartenders - Brandi and Brian - are two of my favorites in New Orleans. Manager Steve Beasley is my favorite. I highly recommend Luke's for Breakfast, Lunch and, most especially, happy hour.Great, great meal.  Amazing portions and flavors.  - Started with the gulf oysters.  Smooth, buttery, not a hint of fishiness.- Also had the baked P&J oysters.  Pretty good.  Lots of flavor, but the oyster got lost.- For my main, had the jumbo Louisiana shrimp with sausage and grits.  Just wow.  So many flavors.  I wanted to lick the skillet.- My friend had the choucroute garnie maison, which is a fancy way of saying a casserole dish full of pork.  The two of us together couldn't eat it all.  The shank was ok.  The sausage and pork belly were very good.Great service and attention to detail.  I'll be back.Best French 75 I've had! Made with Cognac instead of Gin, maybe that's why!  Tried the crawfish boudin, it was delicious. Atmosphere was nice, we sat at the bar but you could have a more intimate setting at a table.I love raw oysters and the Happy Hour oysters are a great deal at 50 cents each.  We were seated in the back room which was nice and had the best server.  The back room is much quieter and made for a great place to enjoy our food and chat with our friends.  Our table ordered 48 oysters to start and the order came out in decent time.  I really enjoyed the oyster feast.My boyfriend and I chose this restaurant as our last meal in New Orleans and we had such a sad and disappointing experience.  I ordered the crab and corn bisque, oysters and etouffee.  My boyfriend got the gumbo and the daily fish special.  While I admit the oysters were fresh and tasty, in both the bisque and the etouffee, there were multiple bits of crab shell in both dishes.  I used to be a waitress and I'm willing to forgive a lot, but amount of crab shell made both dishes difficult to eat.  We also ordered the choucroute side dish thinking it was something completely different than what we thought.  The waiter said he would take it off the uneaten side dish, but when the bill came, we were still charged for it.  By that time, the dining room was very loud and busy and our waiter just wasn't in sight.  Finally, we just paid our $100 bill to get out of the restaurant.  I really wanted to like this restaurant.  But, between the crab bits and the service, I cannot in good conscious recommend this restaurant.(We dined here for dinner on 12/8/2013)We ate at 3 of Chef John Besh's restaurants during our week in Nola. Every one was exceptional. We got to Luke's with 15 min to spare on happy hour. Our waiters made sure to get our oyster and cocktail orders in ($0.50 oysters and 50% off cocktails) before it ended. Great beginning to a delicious meal. Loved it! And the staff were very nice and quite charming.We are big fans of John Besh and had eaten at his American Sector restaurant and were sitting at the bar in Drago's and the bartender brought up Luke, saying it was his best.   My wife had gotten a Lonely Planet guide book prior to the trip (and they usually steer us the right way) but it had NO mention of Luke.   So on our last night in town we decided to give it a try.   I made a reservation online and when we arrived the restaurant was very busy, but they seated us right away.   We were taken through the dining room, through a set of doors and up into another dining area that overlooked the kitchen, providing a cool view of the chefs at work.   We started with two glasses of champagne, which immediately led the nice waitress to inquire if this was a special occasion but we were just celebrating our last meal in town with a glass of bubbly.    We were continually tag teamed by her and another young lady all night, both taking great care of us.   We had gotten the charbroiled oysters at Drago's and loved them so we decided to try the P&J Oysters as an appetizer.    Hmm.....how to describe other than so so good and wished we had 3 orders of them.   I could have picked the shell up and cleaned every drop with my teeth if given the chance :-)   Another nice thing is that for wine drinkers you have not only a variety of wine to choose from, but you can get bottles, carafes, 3/4 carafes, 1/2 carafes, or glasses.   For entrees, my wife got the shrimp and grits and I got étouffée.   I must say that hers blew mine away, first of all the grits.....soooo creamy from the mascarpone cheese that they put in it, I decided I am ONLY going to make my grits that way from now on.   And the shrimp, were so perfectly cooked, it is hard to describe.  Not spongy or gummy like some places who use frozen shrimp or overcook them, these were cooked perfect.   As for the étouffée, sorry John but mine is better :-)   If you're in New Orleans, give it a try, you won't be disappointed.Amazing food.  Had the etouffee and it was beyond amazing.  The charcoutere platter was great as well.  Best place I ate in my entire stay in NOLA.Amazing crawfish boudin!Awesome happy hour - 50 cent oysters (that are huge!) and half off beer and cocktails! We also tried the chicken and rabbit pâté and the bread pudding, both of which were delicious! This was our first meal in NOLA and were so happy it was!Brunch was very nice. Our server was attentive. But the meal started off rocky when we waited forever for our soup & and it ended up coming out with the meal. The portion size of my shrimp and grits was a bit smaller than I expected for the price, but it did not lack in taste. I was very excited to try the bread pudding because of yelp reviews & pictures, but it was a tad underwhelming. It was very dense. The crawfish bisque was yummy and mimosas were on the house! It was an experience I can check off my list, but I can't say I would return.Went to Luke for Happy hour, thinking I would be getting the most delicious 50 cent oysters and excited. When I breezed through the door with my companion, the woman at the desk informed us that unfortunately there were no reservations available. Looking around the restaurant, this was hard to believe, as 85% of the tables were empty. Yes. 85%. So we went to eh bar, and to our dismay there were no seats either. So we returned, oysterless, to the woman the desk and asked again, "are there any seats, just for half an hour, so we may consume our oysters?""No" she replied,"All of our tables are absolutely booked. We are just swamped.""but..... it shows me I can make a reservation on open table,." my intelligent companion interjected, with her iphone in hand, the light glowing on her face and over my heart.And in my head, the trumpets sounded, while a dark gloom came over her face. Slightly puzzled, and slightly annoyed, she said that she could lead us to a table, bcuz she "trusted" our ability to make the reservation.WAHT?!?!?!?!?!!?!?! And then she promptly seated us, in the back.The oysters were fine. They were fine. P & J 50 cent oysters They didn't have minuet sauce. Sad face. Only cocktail and sauerkraut. Disappointed Sad face.Besh's casual spot was fine for brunch. 3.5 starsFood: 4, service: 3, atmosphere: 3Cost to worth it rating: 2.5 ($13 for ham and cheese sandwich, $22 for eggs in a jar)Return worthiness: maybe Highlights:- Eggs in a jar: literally just that but with large shrimp in a very thin breading hanging off the edges of a wide mouth glass jar- Ham and cheese sandwich: cheesiest I've seen with the top of the thick slices of bread smothered in bubbly cheese. Impressive presentation coming out on a wooden cutting board- Happy hour: one during the late afternoon with cheap oysters and drink specials while seated in the restaurant--not just at the barMidlights:- Gumbo: nothing too tasty or special Lowlights:- Waiter didn't see around too much so hard to get something when you needed itMain food items were great, but something seemed to be missing from an atmosphere and service perspective to make it a complete experience for me. Still love Besh so will keep trying his spots.Forget the food for a second. It's always sweltering hot in New Orleans. Wherever you go, you sweat. Every part of your body is moist - and not in the "I just ate a deliciously moist cupcake" kind of way. You're walking all over town. You're hungry, but you're not thinking about food. You're thinking about cooling off. You could go to the casino, or perhaps stop into a hotel lobby for a quick respite from the heat and humidity. But if you really want to cool off - if you really want to turn your body's moistness into a chilly frost and bring your temperature down to almost absolute zero - stop into Lüke.Lüke restaurant is, without a doubt, the coldest restaurant on Earth, and perhaps beyond. If you sit directly beneath the cooling vent like my wife and I did - both times we visited, no less - you could probably die.  Or, if you're like me, you'll absolutely love it. I'm a polar bear and find myself in my natural habitat when I am here. Thank you, thank you, John Besh. Thank you, Lüke. Thank you for being a freezing cold oasis in an otherwise deathly urban desert.Now onto the food...As I mentioned before, my wife and I came here twice. That is, two times, during a 4-day vacation. In a place like New Orleans where there is SO MUCH good food everywhere you look, it is almost sacrilege to eat in the same place twice in one trip. (Good thing it was so hot out.)The first time we came in for breakfast, and it was awesome. I had the classic southern staple: a fried chicken biscuit with a spicy mayhaw glaze. I have no idea what the hell mayhaw is, but it was so yummy and decadent, I felt like I needed to be spanked afterward. My wife had the egg white frittata, complete with burrata cheese and Covey Rise vegetables. (Whatever that means.) For a healthy dish, it looked absolutely delicious. She loved it. Of course, breakfast in New Orleans would not be complete without the obligatory basket of powdered beignets.  You can get them with chocolate dipping sauce or a fresh berry jam. We opted for the blueberry jam. Absolutely amazing. Lüke also makes a mean Bloody Mary - almost a little too mean for my taste. It's not that I mind the spiciness.  In fact, I love that. But the Lüke Bloody Mary is just so crimson red and flavorfully intense, with an eerie viscosity that reminds me a little too much of actual blood. Still, try one. Just one gave me a buzz that lasted all morning long.The second time we came for brunch. No chicken biscuit on this menu, but lots of other options. I was so hungover during this meal that as I am drafting this review on a plane with no Internet, I can't even remember off the top of my head what the hell me or my wife ordered, but I do remember it being really good. (For more on my hangover, see my review for the Clover Café.)UPDATE: Having cheated and looked back at the menu, I can now recall our bizarre order: the heirloom tomato salad, Mimi's buttermilk pancakes with the honey-pecan butter, and an order of the house fries. We just shared it all, and no evidence remained once we were done. Yeah, everything is that good.All in all I would give Lüke a solid 4.5 stars. But since Yelp doesn't allow half-star ratings, I'm more than happy to give Lüke a 5.  Service was very friendly both times, though they do get busy and it may be a little difficult to get your check. But at least they don't try to rush you out and turn your table. I really hate that. (For more on how much I hate that, see my review for Emeril's.)Bottom line: Don't skip Lüke if you come to New Orleans.Awesome lunch here while in for Jazzfest.  Kicked things off with the Seafood Gumbo and it was loaded with shrimp and oysters.  I also tasted the crab bisque and it was excellent.  Did their homemade pasta with shrimp for my main and it was a winner.  Solid service and hope to get back for dinner or their brunch.We really enjoyed Luke. The food was fresh and very flavorful. The staff was friendly and helpful. We had a lovely dinner - it was really nice. I would go back and highly recommend. Make a reservation - you can via opentable which is helpful. One last note - I appreciate that the televisions were somewhat hidden so we talked and enjoyed each others company at dinner without television distraction. Well done.This is an amazing place to do a happy hour after work if you work in the CBD!  I can't speak with any knowledge of the whole menu, but the oysters were absolutely fabulous.  Our waiter was fantastic, and when I asked if there was a cheese plate available for munching before oysters arrived (there wasn't, which I would have known if I glanced at the menu), he made it happen even in the middle of very busy service.  Wonderful service, good food.  Wine pours were a little short, but hey-- for half off, I can't really complain!The absolute best part of my trip to New Orleans. I'm honestly still dreaming of the Luke burger. The staff was really lovely and the atmosphere charming. All around amazing placeCame here for Lunch. We ordered the fried oyster salad with bacon, romaine, avocado, court bouillon,  and crab meat maison.The court bouillon was the special of the day and came with a cup of soup. Decided to get the crab bisque... OMG i think it was heaven in a bowl..... OMG... sooooo GOOOD.The salad was good, I've come to figure that Nola restaurants like to over dress their salads. It was good, but i like very light dressing.The Court Bouillon was fanastic, really enjoyed the flavor and freshness of the seafood. The crab maison was also very good.The meal was great, very happy with all the things we ordered.Our waiter was so awesome (I think his name is Gene? From CA but moved to NOLA a few years ago and has this crazy southern accent). I had the Gulf Fish Meuniere and it was really good - soft, flavorful and flaky fish. I'd love to come back to try different dishes.As an outsider, I seriously don't know who this Mr. John Besh is. And it seems that he is sort of a celeb here in Nola, with cooking books with his face on the cover everywhere instead of the foods? Huh, he looks good though.Anyways, we were not there for him but only for the food, without any influence by his fame or anything. We were there early the night, so the happy hour was quite a pleasant surprise, when you can get cocktails and oysters for half the regular price. The gulf oysters are so huge and taste fleshy an fatty - quite good. But they don't have any special flavors. I mean, being no oyster expert but from Boston, there are some oysters that have special flavors, like a sweet aftertaste or something. But these are just fleshy - but I guess this alone is good enough in a sense.The crab soup is just okay. The shrimp and grits is far from excellent - the one I got at Cafe Amelie is way better. And both these are TOO SALTY. Yes, I m from boston, and all the foods in Nola taste salty and too strong for me, but there are still saltier than I could accept. Moreover, I actually didn't order this...I asked for a shrimp entree called jumbo something, with crawfish and other seafood. But this is what I got - okay, i ll accept what the heaven, or the waitress, asks me to eat.All in all, I think this place is probably overrated.This is an okay place to eat.  VERY noisy.  The food is only okay - it's not special and is very forgettable.  It's fine - it's just not wonderful and memorable.  Service is okay.  It's FREEZING cold along the edges of the wall.  There is nothing special about this place at all. I personally cannot recommend it.I have to assume all the 5 star reviews ordered oysters, which freshness dominates.My dish was Sunday special pork (not veal anymore?) it was not what you would expect from a famous restaurant. It tasted just ok, pork was hard. Coffee was watery. My gf had the shrimp and grit that many likes on yelp. Other than shrimps themselves, I found nothing tasty.Bill totally for $50 with 2 dishes, two drinks, no alcohol. Walked out still hungry but didn't want to disappoint my tongue anymore.Crab bisque that came with my dish was the only good thing I can think of.Excellent breakfast. My husband has the eggs in a jar and I had the southern breakfast. So tasty farm to table food.Extremely delicious breakfast.  The menu is not extensive but this is a good thing. They put effort and heart into each dish.  Our server was awesome in dealing with a big party needing separate checks. The biscuit sandwich with sausage was fantastic. The grits are perfectly seasoned. The pancakes were divine! We will be back!!Alcohol drinks were shorted. Not filled to the top that's why they got 4 Starts. Other than that 5 Stars all the way. Ordered 6 different dishes and all were amazing. Tabasco Fried Chicken #1.I want to give this restaurant an higher rating, because it probably deserves one by most accounts. Yet, my star ratings are based on an overall feeling I had about the place, and my overall feeling about Luke was "It was ok, but not memorable." In a city of great restaurants, there was nothing that would compel me to return. At the same time, there was nothing that would keep me from it. Our group very much enjoyed the caramelized onion and cheese flat bread appetizer, and the patte platter that hearkens to the German influence here. I chose the burger because of its high rating on Food Network. With the large onion bun and the fresh meat, it was incredibly large and excellent. The fries were a nice complement. Other friends enjoyed the very rich but excellent shrimp and grits. We all left satisfied, and our server was very attentive and sweet. But would I tromp back over to the Warehouse District for it again? Not sure, but I'd be happy if someone paid. :)Fantastic.Great service. Great food. My sister and I had out last meal in New Orleans at Luke. We had planned to have dinner and then head over to the French Quarter, but we ate so well at Luke that we took out happily stuffed selves back to the hotel to relax.My sister had the Croque Madame which she loved and I had the Luke burger. The homemade fries are delicious! Our drinks from the bar were well made and the meal was topped off with a box of chocolates brought with the check.If Luke were in my city, I think it'd be on my regular rotation.Love, Love Loved the pressed cochon sandwich here. Ate here twice for the sandwich and ordered 3 more to take home on the plane so that my family could experience how great the sandwich was!!! Wasn't as good after 6 hours of travel but I will definitely be back when I'm in NOLA. The staff is super friendly and the atmosphere is really nice.!!wow! great recommendation by the Green House Inn staff!  Happy hour was great - although there was wait to be seated (we eventually were sat in the back room that was completely empty until we were shown our table). Oysters, pate, fried oyster salad were impalpable - but food envy of neighboring tables burger, gumbo, and the special!A must!!Thanks George M. for recommending this place!! and also the reviews of my Yelper friends! When we checked the pics of this place on yelp... we knew we had to make a stop here. Thank goodness we did! It was SO delicious. We decided to make reservations so we wouldn't have to wait long. We arrived a little early so we sat at the bar. I wanted to stick to a rum drink since that was what I had earlier that afternoon. So the bartender made me a special hurricane with fresh fruit. The bar area is really nice. The place is really nice and décor is very warm and classy. We were starving so right off the bat we ordered a salad with fried oyster, bacon, romaine & avocado salad. OMG I am not a fan of oysters but fried oysters are amazing! especially in a fresh delicious salad. I had a cup of crab & corn bisque and I wish I had ordered a bowl instead. It was so warm and the flavor of crab and corn are great together. By this time we were so excited to order our entrées. Since I LOVE mussels I had to order Moules ET frites- this was mussels steamed with garlic & thyme (AMAZING) with house-made fries. I was afraid I would not be full but they loaded me up with mussels. My fiancé ordered Jumbo Louisiana shrimp "en cocotte" roasted jalapeño cheese grits, andouille & green onion sausages and of course I had to steal a little. It was made to perfection. I think by far this was one of the best places we visited in N.O. They made my top list. If you are ever in the area make sure you stop by. I heard happy hour is great here. Our waiter was very attentive and super cool even though we accidently dropped a drink. We were a little embarrassed but he made us feel comfortable. The manager actually brought us our entrées and chatted with us a bit.Ahhh a week later and i still remember our wonderful server Shane and all the fine recommendations he made, from drinks to eats.  I think by far this was my all time favorite place to go when I visited New Orleans.  I kept begging my husband to take me there but alas time run out and we were so booked with other dinner engagements.  You can't help but love this place, it's of course trendy, clean, professional, and just plain yummy things come out of the kitchen.  The menu is interesting, the drinks intriguing.  We sat in the back dining area and I had a beautiful view of all the fun going on in the kitchen.  People just seemed happy to be working there.  All and all a super great place to go, not just because of who it belongs to but it does give it a lot of credibility that it will be a wonderful dining experience.  I can't wait to go back...!!Not what I expected.   Good food, great service but you have to have a reservation! No walking up to this place.Because of John Besh's popularity, I wanted to try Luke which was just down the street from my hotel. Walking into the restaurant, I immediately noticed that the clientele was just as varied as the menu. The ambiance was rather relaxed and the dark wood paneling created a homey feel in a semi-upscale setting.I decided to try the express menu, which included a cup of soup and the entree of the day. On Saturday, it was slow cooked rabbit with grilled peppers, summer peas and tagliatelle. Although there was a lot going on in the dish including pesto that kinda appeared out of nowhere, it was simply delicious. The crab and corn bisque was a little salty, a little spicy and a little gritty, which was a little disappointing! Large pieces of sourdough bread accompanied the soup and entree. I finished the meal with the bread pudding but it was so sweet that it was nearly inedible. The hot buttered pecan sauce proved to be too much for even my serious sweet tooth. Overall, Luke was good but not as great as I'd anticipated. But, if you're looking for a great value, the express menu is definitely that.We ate at several restaurants during our recent trip to New Orleans and Luke stands out as one of the best.There was a 30 minute wait for lunch on a Friday around 1:00 but the wait was definitely well worth it.  Every aspect of the dining experience was wonderful including the atmosphere, selections, presentation, and wonderful wait staff.I normally despise bread pudding but this experience taught me that bread pudding can not only be good but desirable.  I never thought I would be writing a review including how wonderful bread pudding can be.  This taught me one should never say they "despise" a dish until they find out how it's prepared.  Unless you have food allergies.  Then you should probably despise or at least stay away from whatever you're allergic.I will definitely make sure I stop by Luke every time I return to New Orleans as it is well worth the trip.Between Horrible Boss stories, Ryan confessed that he'd once split 7 dozen oysters with a friend here.  I can see why.Being a left-coaster, I'm used to oysters having a strong umami flavor with a hint of sweetness under the brine. Not so here.Gulf oysters are so mild and creamy that pairing them with beer would be a waste of both. Ryan ordered a French 75, and tho I was tempted to order champagne, we all had a couple of 75s.Fifty-cents each at happy hour (4-6pm) is a steal. I've been addicted to shellfish since my uncle in Mexico ripped open a bushel sack of raw clams and taught me to eat them with lemon and chili sauce. I was maybe 5 and ate raw clams till I could roll myself to the car. This platter comes with excellent and pungent fresh horseradish, a good cocktail sauce, lemon wedges and saltines, should you want to pollute the little swimmers. I eat mine bare.Lüke's shuckers are shucking precise. No grit, sand or broken shells.  Just good, clean slurping.PS The Gulf accounts for 70ish% of the US oyster production, according to Fish & Wildlife stats. Izat why the Pacific Northwest varieties are so damn expensive? oysterguide.com/new-disc…We were here on football Sunday and wanted to come here during half time so we can make happy hour. I called ahead to see if they would have the 49ers game on any of the TVs and if they can put us near it. The person I talked to readily confirmed that it was absolutely possible. Great.We walked there from bourbon street. When we got there we were told that they can't change the tv coz if they change one, all would and the saints were also playing. We decided to stay but just for oysters instead of a full meal. We had 2 dozens of raw oysters and 1 dozen charbroiled. Both were ah-mazing. The HH price is $.50/oyster, but the charbroiled ones weren't on HH and they are $2 each. Whoa. But worth it coz I'm still thinking about it 3 days after. Service was good despite the tv miscommunication.The long wait for a table and lack of drink service at the bar were more than made up for by the food and service. The Dorado and the Étouffée were amazing, and so was our waiter Terrione, who turned our evening into an incredible and memorable dining experience!! If you luck into Terrione as your waiter, you will experience New Orleans charm and hospitality at its finest.This is my second visit to LUKE and I will be back a third time when I am in NOLA. Chef Besh does it right from the reasonably priced drinks to the food. Well worth the money. Growing up in NYC I was intrigued when I saw the Matzo Ball Soup on the menu. What Matzo Ball Soup in NOLA????Rabbi Feldman would die at such a menu item outside of NYC. Surprise, surprise...it was delicious and as good, if not better than, matzo ball soup from Katz's restaurant on Houston Street in NYC. The poulet grand-mère (herb roasted local chicken) with Allan Benton's bacon, farmers' marketvegetables & whipped potatoes was superb. I was stuffed with no room for desert but the waiter brought this little box with two chocolates in it. Nice Chef Besh...I coming back and next time just try to tempt me with Yonah Schimmell's knishes!!!!!! I dare you:)We came here nearly everyday of our 5 day vacation just for the $.50 oysters and the cheap happy hour drinks. Service was so much better sitting at the bar. The drinks were stronger, service was a lot friendlier as well as efficient, and the bartenders were attractive, pleasant and worked hard. I wished i had sat at the bar the first 4 visits, that way I wouldn't have had to endure the same short haired, standoffish waitress and the mousey, wavy brown haired waiter. Both were very unwelcoming and weren't very apologetic when they would repeatedly forget parts of our order. The white coats that they wore were constantly dirty with very apparent stains. I noticed they never changed coats because I would be staring at the same stains the next day. The hostesses up front could use a bit of work as well. Gee, you are greeting paying customers, would it kill you to smile?With all this aside, the oysters were cheap and fresh, drinks were cheap, and our last visit sitting at the bar makes my review 4 stars* the restaurant was about a 2 min walk from the Le Pavillon HotelI'll make this short and sweetHappy Hour Oysters - good deal Our waitress - a super bi***** who had major attitude and was irritated that we only ordered 2 dozen oysters and nothing else. She gave some major attitude and was tooo sassy for my taste. This is the main reason this place gets two stars. Service is important! She needs to take a class!PARDON ME, CAN I BORROW YOUR GREY POUPON? My croque is without...DENNY'S-ISH! Is it the flat decor, the weird sized tables, maybe it's the slacker staff?MANIC PRICING is a crazy mix of extremes; yet a croque & frites for two is just $15.What an oddly bipolar place Lüke is.  It's a casual hotel breakfast café that vends a bowl of yogurt & berries for a whopping $12!  The pretentious umlaut is offset by the "Golden Corral" ambiance.  The lunch menu swings from a $125 seafood "grand plateau" to the daily $15 two-course blue plate specials.  It celebrates classic French and German cuisine yet one of its most basic dishes, the croque madame, has no discernible dijon mustard flavor nor nutmeg in the bechamel. Maybe if I laid off the lithium I'd like it better...(hmmm?)I'm here for a convention. Found out there is a Besh restaurant attached to the Hilton so I go down for dinner. 35 minutes to seat me without a reservation, well the place is packed so I wait. They seat me and in thinking it will be worth it. The food looks delicious. I ordered a lune salad and the highly recommended burger. The salad was excellent;  fresh Boston lettuce, a sweet carrot julienne and small cucumber cubes. I did nt try the beets. The buttermilk dressing seems to have a touch of salt, but the sweetness of the cucumber and carrots acts as a perfect foil. Im in heaven but wish the salad were meal sized. Along comes the burger and fries; the burger was too salty for my taste, but I find that in a lot of restaurants when I travel. The fries were fantastic, but I like my fries a bit salty. Will I return? Well, it is just downstairs so yes.Great deal on oysters ($1) during happy hour. The fresh horseradish is more like wasabi and you can feel it on the top of your hair. We ordered a mint julep and a sazerac, both were loaded with booze but completely unbalanced and just a waste. I went back to martinis. Our waiter was a flirty, unkept, odd ball. I watched as he sat down with two female patrons and schmoozed after raking his fingers through his mane a few times for affect. I think he learned it from fonzie or wade kinsella. Anyway, it's only hot on tv when this person is not bringing you your real food. We ordered a beet salad and a roasted chicken. The beet salad was perfect and light. The roast chicken was beyond sloppy. It was soggy, stewey and fatty... No love. I would go back for oysters. But, again, let's hope the hygiene issue doesn't translate to seafood handling. Lastly, they dropped a few glasses at our feet and gave us some cocktails to go for free, for our trouble.Cochon du lait, 50 cent oysters at happy hour & crawfish: All goodGreat meal, the $16 burger was the best we've ever had!Vusi! Luke's has a great Server that is very informative and accommodating!  Great service and great food! Oysters great! Mussels great!  Gulf shrimp (huge ! ) great !Great service! Nice atmosphere. Excellent food in a casual setting. We started with the rabbit pate with pickles and toast. I especially enjoyed the chopped beet and watermelon rind pickles. I had the fried oyster salad w/ bacon and avocado w/ a cup of seafood gumbo. Both were great. Husband had duck 2 ways. I was surprised that the food was light. Excellent!Excellent, excellent food. Great service. Only issueh the place gets a little too noisy sometimes.I would highly recommend:Assiette de charcuteri (OMG!!)  Very unusual presentation,. The selection, the taste... Not enough words to  describe it...  Fried oysters and avocado salad - I would call it Luke's version of Caesar salad. )With the exception of Shrimp and Grits (had much better in NOLA). this restaurant is solid 5 stars.Nice atmosphere and place to go with a group. Étouffée was yummy and light, served over bed of homemade pasta, burgers were huge and ham/cheese with egg was great.A John Besh Restaurant...Went there right before closing, and they still provided us with amazing service. Food: Choucroute garnie maison - smoked pork shank, Mangalitsa belly & bratwurst, house-made sauerkraut.  This dish is huuuuge.  For $23, this was amazing. I'm an AYCE kinda guy, and I could not finish this (a bit ashamed).  There was so much meat.   Tip:  get this to share with the group.Etoufee - The flavors were just incredible.  They really know how to make a great sauce. Atmosphere:Very classic feel to the restaurant, with a diverse clientele, including hipsters, daters, seniors, etc.  The servers treated all the same, so that was nice to see.  The titles of all the dishes are all French, so it did take a while for us to navigate the menu.  Understandable, but just an FYI, you'll have to read, lol.  Ooops, forgot to mention they have an "Express Menu," so I guess this helps.Another lunch meeting; another great dish. I had the Tuesday special - slow roasted veal wrapped in crispy pasta in a creole tomato sauce. Cooked to perfection.Shrimp and grits are awesome.  Desserts are excellent.  Fun,  casual place.  Will definitely go back for happy hour.The eggs in a jar are excellent and unique. I don't like poached eggs or grits, but I liked this dish, which is remarkable. The crab omelette is full of crab. The steak frites were very good. My daughter loved the beignets. I tried one and they were quite good. Also enjoyed the pate very much despite the fact that I generally don't like pate. It is only the second place I've eaten where I have enjoyed the pate, with other being a French restaurant in Toronto. Service was fantastic. My daughter had their hearts set on breakfast, and despite having already turned the menu to lunch, the staff accommodated their hearts' desires. I definitely recommend this place.I finally made it to my first John Besh restaurant. It's been a long time coming...The bread and butter were really good. The bread was warm and crunchy and the butter had a good taste.We started with FRESH OYSTERS. These were super fresh and some were huge. These are served with cocktail sauce and horseradish.Frank had the CRAB AND CORN BISQUE. He really enjoyed it. I almost gave him a little piece if bread to scoop the itty bit of soup left in his cup.  We shared the FRIED OYSTER, BACON, ROMAINE AND AVOCADO SALAD.This salad was delicious. Frank and I both had the SHRIMP AND GRITS. It was good, just not my type of dish. It was way too savory for me with the sausage but this is definitely Frank's kind of meal and I can tell he really enjoyed his shrimps and grits. We finished the dinner with the BREAD PUDDING. It was delicious... The nuts were great.The place is super cute. I love nice meals in casual clothing. I read some reviews that listed this place as pretentious... On the contrary. Also, we drove here and were able to just street park half a block away. Oh, before I forget. I had the FRENCH 75 and Frank had the RIVERBEND. We didn't like our drinks... But that's just because we picked wrong. :)All in all it was a great date night with lots of laughter and good food. Enjoy!Came here during happy hour! Definitely got a great deal on the oysters! Left very pleased!Eggs in a Jar. That's all I'm saying. Order it now.I stumbled upon this place because of Open Table. I wanted to eat away from the W Hotel for breakfast and this place was a block away from my conference hotel.UM, I arrived a few minutes before the place opened and there were two other foodies waiting for the place to open. The other foodie told me that I had to get the beignets in a basket. I told him I was going for the eggs in a jar.The place reminds me of a French bistro. The service was great. When the eggs in a jar arrived I couldn't believe how amazing it was. Fried shrimp, poached eggs over jalepeno grits. AMAZING. I know it sounds crazy and so heavy for breakfast but it is so good.I decided to go somewhere else the next day for breakfast and regret it but will definitely come back to LUKE.Came here for lunch during the weekday and it took about 15 minutes to get seated, but not a big deal cause we weren't in any rush. Ordered the fried oyster and bacon salad and it was absolutely delicious! Oysters fried to perfection and seriously the best bacon I have ever tasted; so flavorful and juicy! They were also kind enough to split the salad without me even asking since I was sharing with someone else. Also had the burger and it was also pretty good, big portions so I had leftovers for later. Would definitely come back to try breakfast or dinner though and probably make a reservation too so next time we don't have to wait. Overall pretty good!We ordered the Sunday special Pork Grillades with gumbo and jalapeno cheese grits, and the Roast Chicken. Both were tasty, but the pork was very fatty (more than 50%) fat and the chicken was overcooked and needed to be cut off the bone and the butter knife wasn't cutting it. Maybe it was just an off night for the great reviews. It was also a little pricey for a $$ rating on yelp.Great. Dinner and brunch at fairly cheap (~30-40 for two people) meals. P&J baked oysters: 5/5 Must get. It's fantastic.Gumbo: 4/5Shrimp and Grits: 5/5 Excellent, excellent, excellent dish that was creamy and savory .Brunch was not as great. Crab omelette was the standout (4/5) and other breakfast items were very, very sub-par. That said, it was great place to eat a relatively cheap,  exactly whatI expected, sort of meal.Total let down.  And I was looking forward to my meal here so much after some days of checking out the reviews and looking over the menu.  Had a Friday night dinner here for two.  We were a bit early so they had us wait for our table.  Fine.I ordered the rabbit pate since many mentioned it.  I really did enjoy this dish.  They were VERY generous with the amount of pate served for this $11 dish.  The little picked sides with it was delicious.  My friend who does not like pate tried and did enjoy this.My friend had the Poulet grand-mère (herb roasted local chicken, Allan Benton's bacon, farmers' market vegetables & whipped potatoes).  It was...good.  But not mind blowing.  Plate wasn't finished.I had the Choucroute garnie maison (smoked pork shank, Mangalitsa belly & bratwurst, house-made sauerkraut).  Ok so for $23, you're getting A LOT of food.  I was getting the stares from the table next to me as I'm a 4'11" female served this MASSIVE pork dish.  But I gotta say, I was a bit let down.  The pork shank...which was HUGE was a bit dry.  And it tasted like a turkey leg at a fair.  You see it and oh man it looks juicy and it's so large but then you bit into it and it's...DRY.  I found myself eating more of the bratwurst only because it was less dry and tasted good with the sweet mustard.  Though I must say the bratswurst did not pack a good punch in the flavor department.  The pork belly was very delicious, however.  Melted in your mouth.And finally, the two stars is mostly the result of the sub par service we received.  First, our server totally looked like an ice queen B the whole time serving us.  Then we get the cold shoulder and see her go all "is there anything else you need" Ms. Suckity Up to the older, more well-off looking couple sitting next to us.  When we got our check I wanted to tell her there's two cards but they won't be split evenly but she just grabbed the check without asking.  When I was trying to get her attention she put up her finger to pause me and then talked to another waitress for about two minutes.So two minority, young looking females.  Cold shoulder.  A non-minority, well off looking couple a foot and a half next to us...let's make sure you're completely happy!  Swell...Amazing food!!! Love love love! The duck was phenomenal. Can't wait to come back some day! Our server was also the greatest person of all time! Thanks Kevin!THE GOOD: great food for a decent price.  We got the $65 oyster platter which came with 12 huge and succulent oysters, about a dozen each of clams and mussels, 10-12 tails of jumbo shrimp, about half of a huge king crab, 2 small sauce cups of ceviche, and 3 different sauces including a malt vinegar, cocktail sauce, and a spicy mayonnaise dipping sauce, as well as multiple wedges of lemon.  The platter was huge and probably could have fed 3-4 people, though I was able to eat most of it with some help from the fiancee.  The oysters were fresh and delicious and were the star of the platter, while the crab was the not seasoned and somewhat bland compared to the rest of the platter.  Of note, I liked the shrimp as they were steamed with a spicy cajun seasoning which was a nice Louisiana touch.We also ordered the fried oyster, bacon, romaine lettuce, and avocado salad which was decent.  The fried oysters on the salad were perfectly prepared, though the bacon was thick cut and a bit on the tough/chewy side (i prefer bacon in a salad to be crispy).THE BAD: Service was horrible.  I think we got the worst server in the restaurant; here's the breakdown: His appearance--his long hair made me think he should have been in an 80's hair metal band instead of serving in a moderately upscale seafood restaurant.  His service--inattentive: 1. he never introduced himself before taking our order, 2. he didn't allow us to finish our order as after we ordered our oyster platter he took our menus and walked away and I had to get another waiter/server to order a salad that we wanted to come with our oyster platter, 3.  He forgot our bread, and we didn't realize we were supposed to get bread until halfway through our meal when we saw other tables getting bread, 4. We asked him for lemon with our water and he forgot after multiple queries, and we actually asked 3 different waiter/waitresses/servers for lemon and they all forgot, though our main waiter eventually remembered and brought the lemon to us in the middle of our meal.  The final straw in this terrible haystack was his apathy and rude demeanor at the end of our meal--after taking my credit card and charging for the meal, he walked by our table and threw the credit card/receipt pad so that it plopped on our table and said "here you go" and continued walking away like he didn't care.  Overall, it seemed like he did not really care for his job and was there just going through the motions.  I was surprised that a restaurant of Luke's stature hired a waiter like this, as with an appropriate waiter and appropriate service, this meal would have been phenomenal.  Unfortuntely, the service left us in a sour mood despite the quality of the food.  If the service would have matched the food, Luke would have deserved a 4 or 5 stars in my mind, but because of the poor service we received, I gave the restaurant 2/5 stars.We came here for happy hour for the oysters and it was lovely.  Drinks were tasty and the raw oysters were so divine, we had to get another dozen.  Too bad our waiter never came back with them.  Great food and drinks, not so great service.I've been to Luke many times and always enjoyed the food. This past time the service was beyond outstanding. My boyfriend and I were lucky enough to to have the Rich Whatley/Rusty Russell team serving us. Rich recommended outstanding menu items based on what we were interested in. We always get a couple dozen oysters, gumbo, and shrimp and grits (all of which are excellent). It was refreshing to have such accurate recommendations and wine pairings! Both gentlemen were friendly, professional, and attentive throughout the course of the meal. Just another reason to go back again and again!The oyster happy hour is one if the best I have ever encountered. But I will never get over the hydrogenated oil in the pancakes or baked goods but the oysters have etched a place in me heart forever! I think they are the best I have tried in town and for the price how can u go wrong!Just get they freakin hydrogenated oil out of the pancakes and baked goods  and maybe I would do breakfast here!Because of that I give Luke's 3 stars instead of 5. Hate corner cutters even if you ply me with delectable oysters.Fantastic oysters, fried and raw, with happy hour specials - price is right. oh hand the juleps - uh yeah, good. Raw oyster for $0.50/ea for happy hour and half off drinks. Oysters as big as a baby hand.Restaurant was amazing.  Good atmosphere and great service.  There's something illegal in that etouffee - it's been past 24 hours and I'm still salivating for it - wanting more.  Sister ordered the moules et frites (mussels and fries) and it had an amazing flavor to it.  We tried the same in Paris, but this dish in New Orleans by far trumps the original found in France.  Oysters were baked with breading on it.  Can probably find better ones in the city, but still tasty.Only reason this doesn't get a 5 is because the beer wasn't as cold as I'd liked it to be.  Still, the restaurant is great and keeps the status of Besh restaurants as one of the best line of amazing dining in town.Good food. Slow service though. Hard to get any waiters attention for service. Water refills? You literally have to walk to a waiter for service. Waiters, when you can see them, only focus on their tables. They need to scan the room more.We came here for brunch and everything we had was spectacular. The escargot was especially good as it comes in a soupbowl with a broth strangely like French onion soup.  I loved it. The shrimp and grits were also something to write home about!  It was a great variation on this dish. I would love to come back here sometime. Thanks for reading.50cents oyster and half price drinks at happy hour! And we got a private "VIP" room coz we had nine people. The servers were relay talkative and helpful.I recently went to Luke for happy hour. Oysters are $0.50 a pop and HUGE! I ate a dozen and was beyond stuffed.  The cocktails are half off for happy hour and nice and strong  :-)  Highly recommend!The reviews were all very correct. Good little location with great service. We arrived before 6pm and there was a raw oyster special, so there was a delay in getting them. The manager brought out the fried oysters and they were great. I would recommend the fried oysters and arriving after 6pm unless you want the happy hour drinks and don't mind waiting for raw oysters. It was rather loud but enjoyable for two to talk during dinner without he next table listening in.Food was great.  The service was even better.  I had the shrimp and grits.  The sauce was wonderful, very smooth and without a typically fishy taste.  The grits had a nice texture.  My wife had the Croque Monsieur.  Very filling.  Full of cheese and well-seasoned fries.  Staff felt they took too long bringing our dinner so one of the managers, John Knight! Brought us some boudin and also the crabmeat maison.  Very nice.  He even sent us off with a couple of truffles.  I definitely recommend this restaurant.This is absolutely one of the best restaurants we have been to. Their food and service are amazing. In addition, Rich (our server) was funny and took great care of us. This was our first trip to the city of New Orleans and this restaurant made a great first impression for us and WE ARE DEFINITELY COMING BACK! I repeat, the service here is absolutely amazing. Initially, we ordered raw oysters, BBQ pork shank and herb roasted local chicken. Our server Rich made a recommendation for us to try their baked P&J oysters, we were a bit indecisive but Rich said if we did not like them, it would be on him, so we went with his suggestion. When the order came, we tried them and found the baked oysters to be a little bit too salty. Rich not only took them back, he offered to give us both the P&J and raw oysters for free! A man true to his words! We were very thankful. A few mins later, he came back, apologized again and made us even a bigger offer. He said since we didn't like the oysters, he would triple what we ordered. We each would get an order of their pork shank and roasted chicken (we are a party of three and that's six entrees)! We didn't know what to say! They definitely put the costumers first and care about the QUALITY of their food. The BBQ pork shank was delicious, the meat was cooked just right, it was tender and juicy. The roasted chicken was very special, and the meat literally melted in my mouth. Again, this was one of the best places I have tried. Their quality of food matches with their service and I would recommend to ANYBODY who comes to the city of New Orleans! Rich is awesome! If you get a chance, ask him to be your server, YOU WON'T BE DISAPPOINTED!Boyfriend and I took a mini vacation to New Orleans and wanted to try a local restaurant near our hotel. Based on reviews, we went to Luke to try it out.***Experience. It was A-OK. We made a reservation and when we arrived, they said we can sit in the bar... Normally when I make a reservation, I expect at least a formal seating arrangement to have been ready or at least close to being ready. The service was decent. Nothing amazing but people just doing their jobs and serving you normally.***Ambiance: I expected it to be a little bit more on the fancy/intimate side but it's not. The lighting didn't make any romantic vibe but that's okay.*** Food:I ordered the steak/fries and my bf ordered a seafood pasta or something. They were both good savory meals.Great food and blend of classic Louisiana food with interesting options. One of the best happy hours in town, so go then. Cool, European vibe.3 - okay service 4 - food 3 - New Orleans opportunity cost when there is K-Paul's and others that are very New OrleansGreat food fun but too many places that are better. American Sector is a better value and also a Besh restaurant.After I posted my review of Luke, I was contacted by their general manager who apologized profusely and let me know specifically how they were making changes to the hot room, services as well as the food.  He also invited me to come back to set things right.  Very impressive and I look forward to giving Luke another try.  Well done!2 words Happy Hour!  Calvin will shuck you some mighty tasty fresh off the boat oysters and a smile for $.50. Can't beat that anywhere! 3-6I try to visit New Orleans at least once a year, and I always make sure to eat at Luke. It's one of my favorite places in the entire city. The menu is exciting, the food/wine list/bar is of a great quality, service is good, and the atmosphere is a fun one with the perfect mix of casual elegance.The menu is a Franco-German fusion, which sounds weird, but it totally works. Everything is great, but their pate appetizer that comes in a jar is out of this world - it's smooth as silk, meaty and laced with truffles - a sexy, sexy dish. Their seafood is great. I was there in August and my boyfriend and I had the best oysters on the half shell we have ever eaten. Ever. Yes, they were that good.Another great element is the price - if I remember correctly, entrees are under $30 for the most part - you can have a really fabulous meal for a much better price than you will end up paying in some of the more "traditional" New Orleans restaurants. To eat here is to know that you are in capable hands - John Besh knows what he is doing. To give an example, we noticed a small detail - egg crate foam fitted to the underside of the tables in order to absorb noise - that shows this restaurant is all about delivering a great customer experience, even to the smallest detail. I will keep visiting Luke's every time I make it down to the Big Easy!Came here while waiting for my hotel room was getting ready. The food is amazing, especially the crawfish bisque with the head stuffed with jalapeño corn bread. Stayed a lot longer than I meant too. Wow!  I cannot recommend this place highly enough!Tasty food and great service. Loved the gumbo! Lauren was the perfect server!! We will be back!From my deep and extensive research on John Besh (basically watching one episode of Top Chef New Orleans), he seems like a nice guy. So I'll try to be delicate and say this the right way...John, you need to spend less time in front of the camera and more time in your restaurant. Staying in the Hilton for a week netted me many opportunities to dine here. I experienced two brunches, a few happy hours and many just-before-closing cocktails. Each time was a different experience but the bad easily outweighed the good. Both of our breakfasts here were terribly disappointing. For breakfast one I sampled the "Eggs in a Jar" which, for $22, is not really that great. It consists of 5 shrimp stuffed into a jar with jalapeño cheese grits and eggs. Yup, eggs, shrimp, cheese and grits for $22. Oh, I forgot the jar. But you don't get to keep the jar. The dish was actually ordered by a table-mate and when it first came out, the eggs were not just undercooked, they were not cooked at all. My Korean friend who eats the snottiest eggs I've seen anyone eat had to send it back. My "Healthy Start", which was house-made granola and fruit on yogurt was sparse at best. The granola was sticky and chewy, not crunchy at all, and while the yogurt was delicious, it wasn't good enough to salvage my image of this $12 dish. I'll say this, the coffee was good. At $6 for a double espresso, it better be. Oh, and the beignets were proper, even though they sent out the wrong sauce with them. Our second breakfast here allowed me to sample one of the $14 biscuit sandwiches - the sausage, egg and cheese biscuit served with a cup of fruit. My North Carolina friends make better biscuits in Portland, and load them up with all sorts of meats, gravies, eggs and what-not for half the price. The biscuit here has decent flake and is fairly buttery, but it didn't stand up to the small sausage patty and cheese. One word comes to mind when I think about what I paid for this dish - ludicrous. One member of my table ordered the home fries and when they came with meat in them (no mention of meat on the menu), she sent them back and said "I actually am fine without these". Instead of just taking them off the bill, they sent back potatoes minus the meat. "But we don't want these" we said. "Oh you'll like them, trust me." she said as she walked off... and left them on the bill.  Despite two food issues with each of our meals (not cheap meals mind you) no apologies, comps, or any other customer service was offered either time. How much balls does it take to not even verbally apologize for such an expensive dish sent out totally wrong? Especially since we're pretty nice in our response/request to have them re-done?My bar experiences here were quite opposite to my meal experiences. Any time I could find a seat at the bar and order a drink, it was decent, and priced well. The whiskey list is short but there's some good stuff on there. The bartenders are friendly. The $.50 oysters and half-priced drinks at HHour are an insane deal. So it makes me wonder. Why go to lengths to offer such an amazing deal at HHour and good service at the bar, and then offer poor service and bad value for those wiling to sit down and spend more for a meal? Who knows. While I think this is a mighty fine hotel bar, as a restaurant it fails on value, on service, and frankly on quality of food. Had I been faced with half the prices, I might find this fare to be passable, but at the sky-high menu prices, I'd expect much, much more. I'm sure John Besh (if he ever reads these - probably not) doesn't expect his restaurant to be run this way. But c'mon. You send out completely see-through, uncooked eggs in a $22 egg dish and offer not even a verbal apology when the food is returned, let alone any other customer service on a $100 brunch for 4 people (no cocktails ordered)?! Yikes. We wouldn't have returned for an actual meal after the first visit for breakfast but had to grab grub on our last day on the way to the airport. Can't say I'd come back outside of happy hour. Maybe dinner is better? At least the bartenders are nice.Went to NOLA with my parents and after reading all the good reviews I was excited to try this place.  Made reservations without any problems- which is pretty necessary on weekends I hear.  I like the atmosphere of the place.  It had a nice setting but it wasn't pretentious.  There were all sorts of people there which is always nice. The service was great!  Our waitress was attentive and gave great recommendations.  Now the food:The fresh oysters were delicious.  I've never had them before and am still on the fence about it overall, but I'll admit they were pretty fresh tasting.  My parents loved it since my mom food orgasm-ed pretty loudly with every bite (pretty gross if you ask me).  I especially like that they had some sort of a wasabi sauce that went with it. I ordered the etouffee, which was good but it wasn't really anything to write home about.  My mom had the shrimp and grits, which I thought were fantastic but she thought was way too salty.  My dad had the express meal (Sunday was some veal dish with a cup of crab & corn soup).  The soup was really good, even though I'm not a huge fan of the red sauce base and this was kind of in between.  He said he like the veal dish but he will also eat anything and is a man of little to no words - so take that however you want.Overall, I liked the food and the ambiance of the place.  I was a little disappointed to see that for the price, the portions were tiny.  I know "nicer" restaurants always have smaller portions, but still, I guess I like having yummy leftovers.  I think I'd come back here but maybe try some of the other dishes and definitely to try those oysters.I love John Besh's show. I was underwhelmed. After coming off of a cold watching the bartender slam paperless straws with her bare hands wasn't fun. She also wiped at her nose a few times which made me no longer want to drink. The food was ok. Lauren, the other bartender was very professional and the cleanest looking employee there. I did buy one of the cookbooksThe girlfriend and I tried this place out this past Saturday (7/6/13) for a late birthday dinner for me.  That means she paid so I was even happier than usual to try a new place ;)First off it's a John Besh place so you know right away that you will be getting locally grown, raised, or caught food of the freshest variety.  We had a 6:30 reservation and were seated immediately.  We were seated in the back by the kitchen which was completely open to see into.  Kind of nice scene.  We started off with drinks.  Her a glass of malbec and me with one of their own craft brews; a Luke-Alt.  Luke-Alt is an amber style beer crafted by Heiner Brau out of Covington.  They also have a blonde lager called the Luke-Fru.  Both are good but the Alt was fantastic.  We drank a round while munching on their fresh cut fries.  PERFECTION!!!  Crisp, greaseless and hot.  After this we order our entrees.  She had the shrimp and grits which from what I tasted were slightly spicy and really flavorfull.  I had a fried chicken special. It was a sweet and spicy chicken fried in tabasco and apricot flavors.  This was sitting on top of an okra and tomato etouffee.  So good!!!  The portions were somewhat small for the price but perfect in the fact that I didn't want leftovers and I was full after.  The only drawback is that the legs of their chairs come down to a very small base.  If you lean back in them at all you are probably goign to fall.  I'm probably not suppose to talk about how my girlfriend fell over.  I'm definitely not suppose to talk about how I laughed so hard that I couldn't help her up.  She was fine other than slightly embarrassed.  Of course the embarrassment went away once a guy 3 tables over did the exact same thing. I think it was ok to laugh then.So John invest in some new chairs my man.  Either that or release the blooper video of all the people falling who shouldn't lean over in their chairs.When visiting NOLA you should put this place on your list to try. Bread pudding is good any time of day and 50 cent oysters at happy hour cant be beat. The waiters seemed apathetic about being there. They were attentive but seemed bored of the whole experience. This didn't really bother me, it's more of an observation. According to the BF the burger was "really good." I was happy to see this place was open late and near our hotel. I do wish I would have tried shrimp and grits based on other reviews. Minus one star as a non-Saints jersey wearing patron on game day, I felt like nobody wanted to be stuck serving us.  Everyone was courteous but I just felt judged.The oysters were great and the service good.However the schnitzel and side dishes were small. We talked to the water but he charged us for another side dish.The red cabbage was not very tasty, not enough gravy and the spatzleWere at a premium .Overall it was just ok.Go for the oysters.I arranged a trip for 10 sorority sisters and booked on Open Table.  They provided us a GREAT room, so I'm upping the stars from 3.5 to 4 stars.   Our food was good, it wasn't bad, but didn't reckon a 5 star.  Debatable 3.5-4 star.  But for comparison's sake, we ARE from where French( and later German)  cuisine began....Mobile,AL (1702) and the Mississippi Gulf Coast (1699). We have standards, DAMMIT!  New Orleans didn't show her face until much later (google it why don't you?) Our server was a great one; my husband (the lone man but didn't mind) approved the drinks mightilly!Our purpose was to gather together and catch up- Luke provided that.amazing oysters but don't bother with the foie gras. it's not worth the price for what you get.  Also people who love darker rue gumbo should avoid the chef gumbo. it's much too light and doesn't have the rich deep flavor of darker rue gumbo though the seafood in it was great. I also loved the French 75, it's definitely better made with the cognac than with gin. beware of the crowds through. you should either come here early or make a reservation because it was packed by 6pm.After all my rave reviews of LUKE I finally had a subpar meal. On a previous Sunday I was here with a friend who ordered the house special veal dish. He was raving about how good it was so I decided to order it myself. I really was disappointed this time as the veal was overcooked and stringy. The gravy did not have the flavor that my friend had previously either. I was very disappointed by this dish.We also had the happy hour oysters and cocktails which were great. I guess no place can be great everyday.It was so good we went back the next day.  50 cent oysters and great service   Just the right amount of attention. One of the best burgers ever!  Get the Luke burgerLüke is the "Hotel" restaurant for the Hilton, and what a cool and classy place it is. It has a grand old European feel, with nice hospitality, deep woods, and staff in jackets.I was here for breakfast recently and received an extra bonus when an old work friend (who I hadn't seen in years) happened to wander in just after me. It was a great time and atmosphere to catch up and contrast my healthy choice with his full on Southern Breakfast.  I'd love to come back and give this place a workout for Lunch or Dinner.Review is for brunch.  My first besh experience and I was not disappointed. So much southern flavor. My fried chicken biscuit was awesome and of the 4 people I ate with--- 3 loved and 1 liked. Strong place.This place was amazing in every area.  The food was amazing: I recommend the  crawfish bisque and etoufee. Even better was the service. Nicest waitress ever and even the manager came by and greeted us. A+.Just tried this place based on the past reviews and I have to say I am sadly disappointed. It wasn't the service that was the issue is was more the quality of the food. We tried the foie gras and there were more ingredients added (slight balsamic reduction and a gelatin that tasted like lychee) to it that one couldn't even taste or appreciate it. My wife had the entrecôte (ribeye) and I had the canard roti. Unfortunately the duck wasn't very palatable and was over seasoned and the skin was rubbery. The ribeye was adequate but nothing special. I sadly can not recommend this place.Went for Sunday brunch and was disappointed. We were rushed through, the meal took less than half an hour.  The shrimp and grits although good is a very small portion for an over priced $24.  The waiter messed up my order and forgot items, he was disinterested and inattentive. The food tasted good otherwise  this would of been a 1 star.Luke was wonderful. I absolutely enjoyed my dinner. I couldn't decide between getting the Foie Gras and Boudin noir. So I got both and glad I did. I could never pass on the foie, very creamy and the saltiness was just perfect. As for the boudin noir it was cooked perfectly along with the side of sautéed apples and onions. Yum!For main course I chose the rib eye, again just perfect. I finished my dinner with the steamed chocolate and salted caramel ice cream. It was great. I would definitely go back because I can't get the meal out of my head.Amazing service, ambiance and food. A party in my mouth. Great for dining with friends, a date or alone in a corner with the paper. Crispy oysters with warm bacon, avocado and a light caesar-like dressing. Generous oysters twice what you'd get in NYC, LA or Boston. Followed by swordfish atop crispy kale with a garlic lemon butter sauce. Only one complaint: kale swordfish sauce is way too creamy and buttery. Other than that it's a wonderful experience all around!I went here my first night in New Orleans, after a wretched two days of travel and a bout of food poisoning. I really needed a nice comforting place to get a bowl of chicken soup. A bit of searching on Yelp led us to Lüke, and I'm so glad we went there.All the staff were tremendously kind, especially our server, Kyle, a total charmer. We asked for a quiet(er) table and were seated upstairs where we could watch the kitchen staff, who were impressively efficient and clearly enjoying their work. Though everyone was busy, all the people who helped us--the two hosts, Kyle, and another server--took time to laugh and joke with us and help us feel welcome.The food was top-notch. My mother is a) a professional chef and b) a Jewish mother, and the matzo ball soup was almost the equal of hers: fluffy, peppery matzo balls, a superb rich broth, and delicious bits of roast chicken. When Kyle came by to check on us and I jokingly asked for a refill on the broth because I'd slurped it all up and had a giant matzo ball left to go through, he whisked away and came back a few minutes later with more broth--for which we weren't charged, even though it was practically the equivalent of another whole bowl of soup! My partner, who isn't usually much of a foodie, was rhapsodic over the poulet grand-mère. And by our New York standards the prices were staggeringly low, especially for such good food.With that soup in my belly I feel better than I have in days. Thanks, Lüke. I'll be back for sure.One of the best restaurants I've ever been to. Didn't partake in the 50 cent oysters but their breakfast was amazing. I ordered the eggs in a jar, which may possibly be the greatest breakfast ever. The staff was super friendly and our server gave us free champagne. Great place, definitely going back next time I'm in town!Went for the oyster happy hour. The oysters were excellent and the service acceptable. They make a pretty good Old Fashioned and I liked the overall ambiance. The host/manager allowing us to sit at a table in the back (facing the open kitchen) during happy hour was appreciated. I'll be back.Being a local, I have to give Luke 3 stars... Ok 3 & 1/2 if I could. I love the atmosphere and the food is pretty good, but I wouldn't ever go out of my way to eat here. I've been several times with high hopes since I'm a Besh fan but haven't ever really been impressed. I think there are better places in the city where you can get similar food. It's one of the better places in the CBD I suppose, but not city-wide. To sum it up, food is good but not amazing. And they do have a great happy hour!I stopped here and had the Southern Breakfast. It was simple, yet delicious. Eggs perfectly cooked. I had the sausage and biscuit options which were great. But the star of the dish was the jalapeño grits. Not spicy, just delicately flavored and added complexity. Service was slow and the bar smelled a bit fishy with fresh oysters being shucked.After meeting long wait times at various brunch spots around town, we checked online to see if we could get a reservation at Lüke. Lucky for us, there was a spot available 30 minutes in the future, so we made our way over and arrived to a relatively empty restaurant: bonus. Apparently I shouldn't have mentioned our reservation, as we were forced to sit at the bar and wait for "our" table despite there being more than several available at the time. Not a huge deal, but really obnoxious at the same time. Luckily service got better from there. Our server's name was Gene and he was an absolute dream. Precious, charming, and totally on top of everything, he really enhanced the whole experience. I chose the shrimp and grits and decided to add two poached eggs to it, just to go a little over the top. And over the top it was. Absolutely delectable, although not *quite* as memorable as the same dish I had in Charleston and a heck of a lot more expensive. I'd recommend Lüke whether you're a tourist or a local, and I'd recommend you ask for Gene. He makes this place 4 stars.Excellent food and experience. However, a non main server, had a snarky comment after my friend used a knife to eat something, he said "knives are for cutting bro". Didn't need to be said and was rude.Great drinks too!This is my third time at Luke and the first time leaving my review. I've been here twice for brunch and once for happy hour (can't beat $0.50 oysters!). This past time I came here with family and we shared the Flamenkuche, Eggs in a Jar, and the Crab Omelet. The Flamenkuche was amazing and eggs in a jar were as good as I remember, I would get both again (but not before I try the sausage platter and BBQ shrimp which people at the next table got and it looked fantastic). The omelet was very good (better than most omelets) but was perhaps overshadowed by the other two to the point where it just didn't stand out next to them. Service was great, everyone was friendly and helpful. Luke, along with Besh's Restaurant August and Domenica are some of my favorite spots in New Orleans.50 cent oyster happy hour and half off on drinks.  Nuff' said.  Make sure to make reservations for happy hour!  Seats go fast!Holy Gluttony Batman!!!!After a looong day of walking (and drinking), we popped in to The Emily Rose bar to try their almost world famous "Killer Po- Boys". They were open and were supposed to be serving the po boys but dude behind the counter informed me that they were getting ready for the 4th of July holiday and they had just shut down for the next week.Bummer!  But I'm sure they earned their vaca so C'est La Vie.Another dude at the bar (we stayed and drank more) heard me tell mama "no po boy" and started offering a multitude of dining options. After a long list he stated that Luke was his favorite place. I let him know that we chose Emeril's over Luke for lunch that day and Luke was on our list for next time. I was wearing shorts, a golf shirt, and flip flops and didn't think I was dressed appropriately. His response cracked me up. "You are in New Orleans baby, so @#*^ing what." Off to LUKE.We sat at the bar and watched the oyster shucker do his thing and even though July does not have an R in it we had a dozen sweet oysters on the half shell and got away with it I guess. No one got sick.Mama ordered the burger. Good burger but my dish stole the show. Choucroute Garnie Maison smoked pork shank, Mangalitsa belly & bratwurst, house-made sauerkraut. Basically a beautifully roasted pork shank, a house made bratwurst sausage, a few pieces of pork belly, and some roasted potatoes over a bed of sauerkraut. An Iowa farm kids wet dream!!!!!! (see pics). The pork belly literally melted in your mouth and had a crazy good, deep, smoky bacon flavor too it, worth the $26 all by itself.Two of the best meals of my life, I say two because no one could finish that dish. Stud waitress wrapped up the leftovers and put a French loaf and a mini jar of mustard in my go box. Breakfast the following morning was a pork shank sandwich with sauerkraut and mustard. WOW!Emeril's and Luke on the same day, I'm a lucky guy!Great shrimp and grits, cool place and overall good service.Oh yeah the rabbit pate, you must try the rabbit pate.I went with 2 friends and we all got the Southern breakfast with bacon and sausage.My friends said, based on bacon and eggs, it was the best breakfast they'd ever had.Yes, based on bacon (smoky perfection) and eggs (can I shake the chicken's hand that laid these?).  That fresh, that good.As a Yankee, I was partial to the biscuit and grits on the plate, but that's just because I DVR every one of Chef Besh's PBS shows and was really looking forward to authentic homestyle Southern specialties.  Wish I had made it back for lunch or dinner...some day.  50 cent oyster happy hour?  C'mon!Oh, and Jack (awesome waiter) was right...the beignets were the best I had all week.  And I got talked into having a rockin' spicy bloody maryNote:  One of my friends has several severe allergies and Jack talked to the Chef about everything on the menu to make sure - or remake - everything in the dish, including subbing potatoes with thick chunks of bacon for the cheesy grits.  Yes, we made our friend share.While this is technically a German'ish restaurant, it has a lot of options and really seems more rustic French to me.  It's a good choice for a "nice" lunch downtown.  The daily specials are usually good.  All of the sandwiches I've tried are great with Croque-monsieur being my favorite.  The brunch is good too but if I'm downtown for brunch I want to go somewhere with live jazz.So much great food in NOLA, and unless you live there it's near impossible to try them all. I highly suggest you make Luke one of your priorities.Best Shrimp and Grits I've ever had plain and simple. Large, fresh gulf shrimp with a wonderfully tangy sauce ( with slices of andouille sausage)  served over cheesy grits, it was rich, decadent , a joy to eat and a heartbreak to finish. I was completely enamored.And this was after I had an excellent bowl of seafood gumbo. Featuring oyster and shrimp over rice it was a perfect gumbo, bringing back memories of visiting family in Texas. While a burger seemed like the last thing I'd want in NOLA my dining companion, who initially balked at the idea of a $16 burger, felt it was one of the best he ever had.While not a disappointment , the vanilla cake didn't really thrill me. I had just a taste my friend finished it, so it could just be me. Also after reading Matteo's review I went for the Luke Amber instead of Luke Blond and that wasn't anything special either. I would suggest a different brand of beer or getting wine.The staff was extremely nice, I was surprised to have  warm bread offered before my meal  (doesn't seem to happen much in NY any more) and while casual and busy it was never excessively loud. My biggest regret was not having time to return here to try more of the menu.4.5 starsGreat place for happy hour if you're into $0.50 oysters and half off drinks. We also tried the Assiette de Charcuterie, which was good but not the best that we've had.LOVE this place! The P&J oysters are awesome and the staff are pleasant! Too many great things to name I think there 4 Stars speak for themself, go place to try if your spending a few days in Nola and a MUST if your staying at the Hilton on St. Charles because it's right there!Ate lunch here.  Had a dozen gulf shrimp that were delicious.  Wife fad the croq-madame, also delicious; and her colleague had the cochon de lait, which he raved about.  Great service, atmosphere, and location.What a great place! If we had a place like this in DC I would be a regular. The food is the best we have had so far in NOLA. We didn't even make it to the entrees as we filled up on the appetizers. Oysters were great as was the charcuterie plate and the onion tart with pork belly. Service was a little slow but to be expected with the Mardi Gras parade passing by out front. Plan to go back to try the entrees.I don't really leave reviews on yelp ever but I had to do it for this restaurant. We had a party of 14 people and got a really cozy room. Food was prepared right and every dish were delicious! I was just visiting NOLA for a conference but I really wish to be able to visit this restaurant again. Great food, great service, and great ambiance. Nothing more I can ask! :)Not too good, not too bad. Service was slow but food was okay. Probably not worth the money thoughGreat service, great food and great bar. I found the French 75 to be a great brunch drink similar to that of a Bloody Mary or mamosa, although totally different.Now that we've had our reception, I can wholeheartedly recommend Luke for your private dining needs.  The staff, from the back of house to the hostess, treated us like royalty from the moment we walked in.  We had just enough time between courses for our meal to feel leisurely, neither rushed nor slow.  At the end of the meal my husband and I were served champagne, compliments of the kitchen, and it just about brought a tear to my eye.I was offered the option to have the credit card on file run for the meal, so I didn't have to deal with payment on the day of.  On Monday I received an email from the catering director saying they weren't able to run my card on Saturday but didn't want to bother me during my reception.  She asked me to call her at my convenience with the correct number.  I called right away, horrified that it hadn't been charged yet, because I don't like to feel like even a little bit of a deadbeat, but Luke's staff was very laid-back about the whole affair.  It turns out she'd misread one of the numbers, and they ran the correct number without any fuss.  I really appreciated the discretion and calm approach.All of our guests were raving about the food and my dad was telling everyone "Danielle really went over her budget for this"...I'll just let it be my secret that in the end I was actually under budget and very happy when I finally checked my credit card statement.  Luke gave us an incredible wedding day experience, in no small part to their fantastic staff, and I look forward to many more visits in our future to bring back those happy memories.I have a self imposed rule to steer clear of restaurants in hotels because I theorize that they usually aren't great and wouldn't be able to survive on their own merit were it not for the hotel traffic.This place is an exception and comes with a big name in the culinary world, John Besh. It doesn't feel like a hotel restaurant as it is separated and in an old and warm feeling space adjacent to the hotel lobby. The food is seafood and cajun influenced. I had some sort of shrimp etouffee on grits that was simple and wonderful. I coupled my meal with a great glass of wine and sadly stayed away from dessert to save myself a few calories.The only negative thing that I would note is that it is loaded with tourist type folks. Not always bad but it can make for bigger and louder groups that at times intrude on converstation.In all, it was really great. I will be back here soon.We had two very different experiences here. A 3 star with mediocre service and not so great oysters and a 5 star with the best service and huge, juicy oysters - hence the 4.  They have a great happy hour special with half off cocktails and 50 cent oysters, which was great.  A local told us about the deal. Go from 3-6 pm every day.160/365We had dinner here and brunch here.Dinner, we had great P&J baked oysters, gumbo, the shrimp and grits (which they kindly split into two separate griddles, as we had indicated that we'd be sharing), and the peach fritters for dessert. Everything was good; the grits were especially tasty, and the peach fritters were a little bit of a letdown - pretty oily, but I guess that's what we signed up for when we ordered them. Creme fraiche was good. Our mint julep was very bourbon-heavy, and less minty than we'd hoped for.Brunch was a letdown. We had very standard fare, eggs and bacon and whatnot. The crab omelette was decent, but not spectacular. Dinner is great, brunch is not worth it.I've been to New Orleans twice.  I've been to Luke's 5 times.  4 of which is to their happy hour - M-F 3-6p.  $0.50 freshly shucked oysters.  Some people complained about the size of the oysters... hey, when it's the size of my handful I'm pretty stoked!  The only thing is since it's cheap sometimes there's a lot of dirt on the meat.  Maybe because it's the high demand they had to shuck fast.  Mixed cocktails are 50% off.  Normally around $10 each would be $5.  They don't skimp on liquor neither just because it's happy hour.  The French something is really delicious, it's cognac, champaign and lemon juice.  With a little syrup heart on top of the foam.  I also really like the other one with champaign and lemon peel in a champaign flute.  I forgot the name though....  I just keep thinking about that oysters...  so amazing.  Best deal in town for fresh oysters!Have been here twice recently due to traveling in the area. This place is a must hit. Favorite so far was the Monday special, Tabasco Fried Chicken with Red Beans/Rice. It is the best. Have also tried the Grilled Dorado and it's damn good. Wifey had the Ribeye and I have to admit, one of the best I ever tried. This place is worth the trip and would recommend.Wow, wow, wow. Accommodated me with a Foies Gras entree and everything everyone else ordered was delicious and perfect! Delicious place to dine!!!This place was huge disappointment. It's pricey and the food is mediocre with capital 'm'. I had a tasty crab bisque which had a heavy taste of old bay. It was serviceable salty and spicy. Not terrible. My friend had the shrimp and grits. Shrimp really over cooked as if it had been sitting around for a while. An expensive cocktail that was very sweet. I had salad with fried oysters, avocado, and bacon. Oysters were fine, hardly any avocado, and totally generic salad. This would all be fine but the food is truly expensive. A thousand better values in New Orleans than this place.Fantastic lunch! I met a friend for lunch and we sat at the bar. Brandy was our bartender. She was funny, helpful, and we had a great time chatting w/ her. The seafood tower was amazing. We got the small one and couldn't finish it. I also had a cup of the crawfish bisque and it was lovely. What a great restaurant!It's been just over a year and I'm finally getting around to my review of Luke.  Can't believe I forgot to post.On the night I went, there was some food magic about to happen.  Yes, it was MOBBED, and things were very slow...even with reservations.  But I'm not going to slam a place with my review on that.  For me, it's about the food.My buddy and I started off with the Charcuterie plate.  Man, we could stop there and the review would still be 5 stars.  Truly, the BEST appetizer plate possibly I've ever had.  The salumi, the mustards, all the goodies to choose from.  It was absolute bliss.I got the shrimp and grits, and my buddy got the duck.  Neither of us really spoke at all during our meal.  It was that good.  I've had shrimp and grits out several times, and have made it at home.  Luke's Shrimp n Grits took the prize handily.I noted there were many people hanging out at the bar getting tray after tray of oysters.  They looked pretty happy there also.Looking forward to returning here, and any other John Besh restaurant.I was at the bar!!! The service was great & the drinks were creative & feisty... The oysters were yummie!!! It was located in the hotel I stayed in & that was perfect... I got the bread pudding to go....It was the BOMB ;-)A little trek off the french quarter area, but definitely worth the visit.  This restaurant was the end of my trip dinner, and it was surprisingly good.  Their menu has classic southern cooking with a gargantuan seafood platter of oysters, mussels, clams, and crabs.  I would definitely check this out next time I come across NOLA.We had the gumbo and shared a shrimp platter.  Everything was delicious with the service friendly and accommodating.  We did not have high expectations, so it surprisingly gave a southern flare towards the end of our trip.I would highly recommend this place if you are staying the south side of canal street and want a nice dinner without the packed in a can of sardines feel.  I would love to check out their huge seafood platter next time!  Good job, Lukes!Food was terrific!  Service was good, but not excellent.  In their defense, it was a busy night. Appetizer was not delivered.  Waitress was chagrined when she learned of this, but brought a fabulous free dessert to make up for it.  I would definitely go back.We were excited for dinner on my wife's first trip to NOLA and decided to try this place based on reviews and the menu we saw online. We ordered the pate "scented with truffles" there was certainly no truffle flavor but the pate was very good. I had the Etouffee which was good and she had the entrecote with fries which was perfectly cooked but served with a massive portion of butter. Overall the food was good but the service was slow and almost uninterested even though they were two waiters assigned to our table.Shrimp & grits were AMAZING!The service was great and fresh warm bread to start. Yum.The eggs in a cup-- with either shrimp or soft shell crab is exceptional-- eggs Benedict with a twist! Chef john besh rocks!Went for happy hour the Monday before Fat Tuesday and it was excellent.   Everyone got the raw oysters which were great.  Very loud environment which I was fine with but only reason I give it 4 and not 5 stars is we were seated right next to bar and had people bumping into us the whole time.  Great service. Would make a reservation ahead of time.We loved this place. Went for brunch and enjoyed everything we got. Raw oysters on the half shell, baked oysters, eggs in a jar and I think another rabbit dish. Service was great. And everything tasted delicious. I liked that you can see the kitchen as well. Clean and professional.Went to Luke during a bachelor party weekend which, on this night was 12 guys.We made a reservation, but unfortunately they were not ready for us.  But they had a bar area and we sat there and had some drinks, clams and oysters.The service was very good as well.  Once we were seated everyone ordered and seemed to enjoy their food.  But what I can say is, that we were mostly drunk already and just wanted to eat.This place was had lots of New Orleans type dishes.  I went with a steak, not really sure why, but maybe because I was so hungry, I just wanted to be full.Other than that, I can't say anything really stuck out, but the service was good, my food was good and the staff was good.Best German food I have ever had.  Period !!!!!!!The service was top notch and beer selection was on spot.  ThanksGreat food in a casual, contemporary environment with wonderful service!  What's not to like?We had reservations for our final night in NOLA.  As we pushed open the revolving door we found ourselves in a brightly lit, upscale dineresque space . . .so different than what I had pictured but so spot on! Yet the servers are outfitted in white jackets and the inlaid floors are amazing to look at so it's upscale without being fancy- nice without being pretentious!I have to take a minute to talk about Camilla, our server.  From the moment she came over to our table we were hooked on her infectious laugh, her knowledge of the menu and the fact that she went out of her way to make sure everything was PERFECT during our visit.  Even when she found out that the specialty oysters that she had sold to us were all sold out- she got the manager to come over right away to make things right (there were plenty of others to choose from so no issue but it was just that she cared enough to make it right!)  Given this was our last night in town- we had eaten already at several of the best restaurants in town and while the food at each of them had been good- the service had not, so it was so refreshing to be taken care of by this service professional!We had spent some time looking over the menu and decided for our appetizers that we would try one of their raw seafood towers (the Plateau de Fruits de Mar- seriously this was the cheapest seafood tower I have ever seen for the quality of the product).  For $58 you got a dozen oysters, dozen clams, dozen mussels, shrimp and about a pound of king crab along with some ceviche.  This easily fed our group of 5.  We also ordered the onion and bacon tart (had the fun name of Flamenkuche- must be the German roots of this place) as well as the crab/horseradish spread.  All were very good.For our entrees- we had the gamut of the menu.  One person ordered the sausage plate which had about 4 giant sausages on it and looked amazing!  I had the rotisserie chicken and they were quick to accommodate my request for steamed veggies which also are hard to find in this town!  Steak and frites and a decadent "cocque monsieur" finished off the table and had each of us "oohing and ahhing" over that next bite.And for dessert (yes- hard to believe we had room for that too) the creme brulee was the clear winner.Luke is a great choice for a causal breakfast, lunch or dinner when in NOLA.  But you better make a reservation.  People were being turned away all night as on this Saturday they were very busy.  And trust me- you don't want to miss this on your list of places to eat!Luke is always a great experience. My favorites:-50 cent raw oyster happy hour. -Paneed pork chop with red beans. Thick, smoky red beans the way they should be. -Oyster salad. Not your average disappointing oyster salad with 3 oysters. Almost a dozen of the best fried oysters you can eat. I return to New Orleans often, and even when I resist, I always end up back at Luke, and always am pleased.Our lovely front desk person from our hotel recommended Lüke.  While the valet was trying to send us to Daisy Dukes.  Someone should really have a talk with that guy....The hostess staff here was completely incompetent.  And when we finally got a table, we got stuck in the back near the open kitchen.  But our server was great.  BJ got a  Lüke burger with Allan Benton's bacon and caramelized onions.  He loved it and his house-made fries hamburger.  I got the ÉTouffÉe, loved the pasta and the huge shrimp.  The portions were good sized and very sad for me, we had no room for dessert.  This place is so good, we will be sure to visit on our next trip to NOLA.Wanted to get my bourgie on when I came here for work- ended up meeting an acquaintance who was also staying in the city who agreed that this place is worth the try.For the love of God, EAT HERE.The menu is close to what you would expect from a German/French brasserie in New Orleans.  The quality is what you would expect from a John Besh restaurant.  Here's my personal experience:Interior:  I was here twice, once on a work-trip, once on a fun-trip.  Work trip, ate in the back.  Fun-trip, ate in the front.  I would recommend the opposite.  The upstairs in the back was more fun, spacious, brighter.  The front was more close-together and formal.  Oysters:  GET THEM HERE!  I sure did!  SO FRESH, and if you're gonna get some raw Gulf oysters and you're from out of town and only get one shot--DO IT HERE!  My travel-buddies had been here before and met a down-@$$ mother-shucker working at Luke, who took very nice care of us on the oyster-front.Spaetzle:  JUST LIKE MY GRANDMOTHER'S!  I've had both fancy and "classic" versions of this simple German staple at other restaurants.  This place has the real thing.  Order it as an add-on, or it comes with some of their dishes (I got some with my meal the first time, and loved them so much I ordered a side of them my second time-- just simple, with butter!).Rabbit and Chicken-liver pate:  YESS.  a VERY GENEROUS portion, for the price.  LOVED the preparation that went in to the pairings which included homemade bread n' butter pickles, stone-ground mustard, some sort of amazing chutney, and pickled watermelon.  I recommend trying to chutney and mustard together.  Whatever you do, if you go here, ORDER THIS FOR THE TABLE.They've got a great julep as well, but so does everyone else in the Big Easy :)I love Luke!!Indeed a great restaurant option in the Central Business District of Nola!Friends and I wanted a casual option that would have good food and would not have a line out the door on this particular evening during Essence Music Fest.  Like, we literall needed to go from day party to restaurant, to hotel to concert in not a lot of time.  Luckily not too many folks were up on John Besh's Luke Restaurant and I am glad I had this gem bookmarked on Yelp!I had the Shrimp & Grits and literally scraped every last grit onto my fork - it was that good!  Started with the Salad Luke which was bright & lovely, bursting with flavors from the golden beets contrasting with the buttermilk dressing!  My friends really enjoyed the Luke Burger and the Etouffee as well!  Would definitely come again and I know now that I have GOT to try out the other John Besh restaurants, SOON!!After a truly phenomenal meal at Restaurant August, I thought we should splurge on another John Besh experience. I made reservations for a Sunday night with no problem at all.Well, the food was delicious. I had gulf fish meuniere and boyfriend had shrimp & crab etouffee. The fish was really lightly fried with a wonderful meuniere sauce that was just perfect - not too goopy like it can be at cheaper places. The etouffee was awesome, too. It came over pasta, which is unusual, but it totally worked. We also had a St. Charles Streetcar and a Sazerac to drink. No complaints, but also no rave reviews on those.Now for the reason I gave 3*. I've had more attentive service at Applebee's. And come on, this is a John Besh place we're talking about. Our waiter, Terrione (I think?) barely said 10 words to us. He actually just motioned at the water once instead of asking if we wanted more.I assume we were halfway ignored because we were younger than the other patrons, but if I'm giving you money, act like you care! If you're younger than 40, try sitting at the bar - they might be forced to give you more attention.The food was pretty good but as soon as I walked into a restaurant it smelled like rotten fish. The smell was so bad we asked the hostess to seat us in the back.I got the Southern Breakfast - $15 - which had two eggs, cane syrup sausage, biscuit and grits. We all wanted the chaMpagne au peche - $9.75 - champagne & fresh peach, but the restaurant ran out of peach.After our meal, we had to walk back through the nasty fish smell, which then turned my stomach.For a John Besh Restaurant I was VERY disappointed.I have nothing but great things to say about Luke's! My group was told by a New Orleans native that Luke's was the place to go if we wanted an awesome oyster/drink happy hour, which is 3-6 p.m.We started with an order of 7 dozen (whoa) 50-cent oysters, and by the end of our stay we had gorged ourselves on probably 11 dozen. The waitstaff could not have been friendlier, and the oysters ranged from medium-ish to huge in size.Four stars for food taste, 3 star for prices, and 2 stars for hostess.  We came in at 8pm on a Tuesday night with a party of 3.  When I approached the hostess and told her how many in our group, she stated with an unfriendly tone, "With a party THAT big, you're looking at a 45 minute wait."  Since when was a party of 3 THAT big?! I was also a little in disbelief considering I saw a at least 4 open tables in plain view.  I thought to myself...ok maybe this place really IS that busy with reservations.   My group decided we'd still wait since we had already walked there and weren't familiar with the area.  Then literally 5 minutes later, we were called by a different host and ushered to a back room.  In that back room entitled "casual dining" there were probably another 4-5 open tables.  I really don't know what that hostess was talking about in the first place.  Whatever, we overlooked that and went straight in to looking at the dinner menu.  To my disappointment, the two "$$" was not really representative of the dinner menu.  Entrees were easily $21-$30+ and to me, that's not equivalent to $$.  It's more of $$$.  But since it was a John Besh restaurant...we wanted to go all out.  We ordered the PJ baked oysters, a dozen raw gulf oysters, shrimps and grits, and etoufee.  I have to admit, the raw gulf oysters were the most delicious oysters I've ever eaten.  Very sweet and did not taste like the sea.  The PJ baked oysters were equally to die for.  Very flavorful and came out piping hot.  Those were definitely the highlights of the meal.  I really enjoyed the etoufee too, especialy the sausage in them.  Service was great throughout our meal and our cups of water were never left empty.  Overall, the food and service during our meal was great and I liked how we could see the cooks preparing our food (could be a good and bad thing...since a few of them didn't look too happy and weren't entirely too refined while cooking).  I'm glad I got to try this place out and would recommend it if you are looking for a fancier but casual place to dine in LA.I stopped here for dinner before leaving for Tennessee a few weeks ago only because it was my third visit to NOLA and I had yet to go to a celebrity chef restaurant.  Who doesn't love John Besh and his infallible hair too? I sat at the bar to watch the Saints game and only ended up having some stuff from the raw bar but it was delicious and my shucking friend was very nice and friendly. Actually all the staff was extremely nice and let me store my luggage off to the side in a safe spot. Worth checking out for the happy hour I'm sure. I'm bummed I missed the special pricing! I would've stuffed myself with oysters!One of the best restaurants in New Orleans considering you get way more bang for your buck. The service is on point always attentive but never overly smothering. Our waiter was great his recommendations were helpful and greatly appreciated because we went with the mussels which he suggested and they were excellent. Another excellent plate was the oysters pj which were huge and very scrumptious. The bib salad with golden beets was a delight and I did not want it to end. The dessert we had was the steamed chocolate which was simple and sweet nothing over the top but very tasty and satisfying.  In conclusion the restaurant is well worth a trip to try their food and you can be the judge wether or not to go back but I will definitely be making a return on my next stay in the crescent city.Happy Hour is a must here! The bar scene is lively and the oysters are 50 cents from 3-6 Mon-Friday. The one downside was that all the cocktails with syrup were laden with it, so much so that they had a cough syrup dreariness, especially the riverbend. Other than the that, the other cocktails were great and the oysters were delicious. Make a reservation for the tables in the area is you're getting there around 5ish.It's almost impossible to eat good food in this town without hitting at least one of John Besh's restaurants.For our final meal of the trip, on New Year's Eve, I wanted something a little more classy but also delicious, so we decided on Luke, which was I think the second or third Besh restaurant in our four day trip.After our meal here, it was obvious why he has so many successful restaurants in this town. This was an incredibly satisfying and enjoyable experience.We started the excellent meal with one more shot at the Turtle Soup. As I said in previous reviews, it was decent enough, but I'll be OK if I never eat the stuff again for the rest of my life. We also got the Rillette of Local Pork ($9). They give you a very very generous amount, paired with a lot of crispy bread to smear it on. There was so much we couldn't even finish it all.For the entrees, we got the Luke Burger ($16.50), which was awesome. Such a good burger, covered in onions, bacon and swiss cheese, it was one of the better burgers I've had recently. The house-made fries it comes with were also insanely good - nice and salty and piping hot and crispy. We also got the Poultry Gran-mere ($19), which was also delicious. The chicken was so soft and tender it was all pretty much fallen off the bone and delicious in the stew of vegetables and mashed potatoes it was sitting in.To end the meal, even though we were stuffed, we went for two desserts to sustain us until midnight for the New Year's Eve countdown. We got the Apple Gallete ($8) and Brendan's Bread Pudding ($8). Both were delicious, but I really loved the bread pudding. This was one of my favorite versions of the many I had during the trip (probably second only to the Chocolate version at Red Fish Grill).The service is also perfect. The waitstaff is very attentive and friendly, and you get the full white glove treatment. This is an excellent option for a satisfying meal from the Besh empire of restaurants. There is not much else on the menu that I feel the need to return for, though it definitely made me want to go and try the rest of his places the next time I am in town.Lüke will only receive a three star this time. Although the restaurant look very nice the service was just okay. The hostess was not very friendly. The bartenders were not very friendly when ordering a glass of wine for my girlfriend. Our waiter was actually pretty nice, he did say sorry a lot. Now about the food. For appetizer we ordered was the rabbit- liver pâté which was actually very good. The steak was okay. Nothing to write home about. The crab bisque was fantastic.   There now you know.Before leaving NOLA, I had to try one of John Besh's restaurants... especially while we were on company dime.  Being the last day with a few hours left, I convinced our group to go check out Luke, and I was not disappointed.  Great service entering in, and lots of space (we got in around 11:30 AM on a Friday).  We ordered up a dozen oysters to eat amongst three of us at the table and while they were great quality oysters, we definitely have had better in the past few days here at other restaurants... though if we were here for the $1 per oyster happy hour, it would be hard to beat...I had myself a Luke burger which was absolutely delicious and fantastic... crisped bacon, great caramelized onions, melting cheese.  Yeah, I know, why order a burger at a restaurant like Luke?  Well, it was recommended by our waiter, so I went for it, even though there were many other great looking options on the menu.Verdict:  Price ain't cheap, but the food is good.  Worth checking out if in you're in the area, particularly for their $1 per oyster happy hour (assuming that the happy hour oysters are equivalently sized).  I'd come back, but only after I check out all the other restaurants in NOLA on my ridiculously long list...First of all let me say that John Besh is my favorite and so I think all his restaurants are marvelous and perfect. (I'm talking to you Domenica, my precious, tender angel.)I prefer Luke for those cold/rainy days when you want some warm, heavy, and hearty food. The interior is also very warm and cozy and comforting. It has a golden kind of glow that is quite pleasant (and no, it was not just the wine, I promise!)Honestly this is another one of those places where everything on the menu is amazing and perfect and stunning and shocking and awe-inspiring (Except the escargot. He may even have the best escargot in the world. But no amount of talent or whimsy can make snails look/taste/smell/feel delicious to me).I first came here as a Tulane freshman, on a very awkward first date, and although that didn't go anywhere I continued to have many dates with Luke. In particular, I developed a lasting, loving relationship with the "pate de campagne." I could never come here for dinner and not spend some time with this old flame. I usually don't eat so heavy, but when i come here I don't want grilled fish (though I'm sure its delicious). For an entree, my favorite has to the schnitzel (my family is Austrian). It's perfect and quite "authentic" I think.I came here for the first time on Thursday night (8:30 reservation) and had EXCELLENT service. I was dining with a friend who is extremely lactose intolerant and has several other dietary restrictions, and our waiter Rich Whatley was so patient with her questions about various dishes and requests and was also hilarious. He kept us laughing throughout the entire meal. The food came out very promptly. I ordered the Croque-Madame sandwich, which had an amazing flavor but was a little too rich for my taste. I could only get through half of it. The French fries were great though -- plentiful and perfectly crisp. My friend ordered the Poulet Grand-Mère (roasted chicken), but requested that it be cooked with oil instead of butter. And because of her food allergies, the chef left out the bacon, added extra vegetables, and substituted the whipped potatoes with French fries. She was beyond pleased with her meal and left without a stomach ache, which is quite rare!Go to Luke. Ask for Rich. Eat well. Leave happy.Nice atmosphere here.  Better lit and with a nicer indoor environment than Mr. B's Bistro around the corner.  The raw oysters here were huge and delicious.  I had the rotisserie chicken plate and was given a massive portion of tasty, juicy chicken.  They brine their chicken to give it more flavor and you can tell in the final product.  It was served with mashed potatoes and some kind of green vegetable, both of which were tasty.  The food here isn't exactly "traditional" New Orleans, but they make some nice stuff and their spin on classic dishes tends to be good.  A friend ordered the gumbo and said it was one of the best he'd had on this trip.  Check it out for something delicious and out of the ordinary for NOLA.One of the best in New Orleans! Servers Rich and Rusty provided top notch service. The food was SO flavorable, fresh, and delicious (or onolicious as we say in Hawaii). Highly recommended! Our meal was topped off with a complimentary trio of desserts. Will be back the next time I'm in town!I believe a Besh restaurant is to NOLA what Starbucks is to Seattle (and just about everywhere else) - there seems to be one every corner!Okay, not really, but you've got August, Borgne, Domenica, Besh Steak, Soda Shop and La Provence.  How is a girl to choose?!Well...time, geography, and funds would up being the deciding factor.  Luke seemed to be a place that would give me a great 'Besh' experience, without draining my bank account.We came for lunch and this place was PACKED!  Another place I would recommend taking advantage of Open Table.  We were seated in the back room, adjacent to the open prep kitchen.  The decor was very bistro and seemed fitting for the fare.I ordered the special of the day - the most amazing seafood salad sandwich.  It came on fresh baked and grilled bread.  The salad consisted of shrimp, lobster and crab. All fresh and ALL delicious.  The portions are incredibly generous! Hubby ordered the croque monsieur.  The perfect layering of bechemel and the most savory ham.  Very yummy!Service was outstanding - is everyone this friendly in NOLA!?  If you're having a hard time narrowing down your choice of Besh eateries, you can't go wrong with Luke.Party of one! After roaming the streets of New Orleans for a place to eat, I came here without realizing that this restaurant is actually attached to the Hilton next door. Luckily I hadn't known this (since I would have judged the restaurant harshly for it) and would have missed out: this one was one of the best restaurant experiences I've had in a long time.To start: awesome oysters - I had the half dozen with the two choices of the day - Canadian and Californian varieties. They had that lovely quality where the salty, sea taste lingers in your mouth. So delicious and fresh. Horse radish sauce and cocktail sauce on the side.I ordered one of the two house beers - Lüke Alt - amber on draft. Really nice, not too heavy but with good amber flavor. It complemented the mussels really well.The menu was amazing : the special of the day was slow cooked rabbit. With Alsascien dishes with sausages and choucroute, and German dishes like "jagerschnitzel", I definitely recommend this place for people who like hearty French food or German food.  Moules et frites (mussels and fries) was what I ended up choosing, though I might have ordered the rabbit if the waiter hadn't directed me to the mussels when I asked him which was better of the two.The only drawback - there were a few TVs going; at the start of my meal, some loud claps and howls from those watching the game were kind of annoying. It wasn't that big of a deal, though, and probably only really noticeable because I was sitting at the bar right in front of one of the TVs.Orgasmically good is the only way I can describe the dessert. Sooo-ooooh good. I ordered the bittersweet chocolate mousse with dulce de leche ice cream. That is a decadent combination; the ice cream melts on top of the mousse, which is almost like a gooey brownie - and the sweetness of the ice cream complemented the bittersweet chocolate flavor.With this top notch atmosphere, food, beer and oysters, I'm giving Lüke Restaurant the 5 stars it deserves.This review is for the French 75 cocktail only.....the BEST in NOLA, hands down!My girlfriends and I stayed at the HIlton and had so many great restaurants on our list that we never even considered dining at Luke. One morning we woke up and decided to head down to the bar before we hit the streets. One of my friends ordered a coffee w/ liquor and I ordered the peach mimosa while our last friend ordered the French 75. After tasting hers we each ordered one and then another for the road (given to us in plastic cups of course:-)........It appears that they make there's with Cognac instead of gin and then shake the hell out of it resulting in the most luscious frothy head. After eating breakfast in Jackson square and doing some light shopping we literally hiked it all the way back to the hotel for another French 75 at Luke....it's that good!We noticed the food other diners had ordered and it looked superb. The bartenders were fantastic!Next time I'm in NOLA I won't be staying at the Hilton but I will be visiting Luke.....Great little diner restaurant with a classier ambiance than most diners you'll find.  Food was delicious.  I ordered the moules et frites and the BF ordered the jumbo louisiana shrimp "en cocotte".  There were a couple of dead mussels amongst the batch which is to be expected, the white wine sauce in the mussels had a nice flavor.  I had to ask for some bread which is definitely the best way to "taste" the sauce. The star of the restaurant however seems to lie with the shrimp and grits.  Seriously the best shrimp and grits I have ever tasted! The grits were so creamy and dressed in such wonderful flavor with the andouille sausage and jalapeno topped with the juicy sweet shrimp and a gravy like concoction that blended all the flavors so perfectly together!This place is a must go for the shrimp and grits alone!Luke is a warm, cozy place to have a nice dinner with family or a date. It's the kind of food that you can tell is cooked with love. And the drinks are good tooThe shrimp and grits and Luke burger are both fantastic.  I love the shoe string fries that come with the burger.  Being gluten free, I get mine without the bun, but the fact that it comes with bacon more than makes up for it.  They also make one of the best French 75 cocktails in the city.I took off one star because most of the time I end up at Luke as Plan B because my first choice was full or I couldn't get a reservation.  That said, this is a damn good Plan B.The food was, by and large, rock, solid, but there were a couple of issues, which is why I'm only giving two stars. Our server was pretty slow on getting out to us on the drink orders. This would normally not be the end of the world, but given the "turn them and burn them" way of getting people in and out of this place, please let me at least try one of your specialty cocktails. Once we got them, the drinks were good, though the Riverbend lacked promised notes of basil. My strawberry something-or-other was tasty. The app was some kind of tart with onions and pork, and it was nice, with a lot of smoke in the pork. Several chunks were pure fat, they got left on the plate. Need a little meat with that fat and smoke.Entreewise, the shrimp and grits was amazing. The two stars comes in right here: I had a special, which was drum, delicious, part of the dish was a fried squash blossom stuffed with crawfish. Nothing wrong with it except the fry oil was clearly too cold and the thing was greasy as all get-out. When our server checked with us (his assistant tossed our entrees at us so fast that there was NO CHANCE of getting a drink to have with dinner, despite empty glasses) I told him about the squash blossom issue, pointing to the offending item on my bread plate. He was somewhat apologetic, but offered no remedy. He followed up with us on our meal, saying, "except for the squash blossom, how was everything else?" Seriously? Strike two!I know the server can't be blamed for the mistakes of the kitchen, but he can make it right, once the wrong is corrected. Besides pointing out the greasy squash blossom, could I have done anything differently? All I wanted was a refire of the greasy component. I really expected more from one of the properties of one of the country's top chefs.EDITED TO ADD: Brian Katz, the manager, got back to me immediately and has been very proactive in making this right.Luke's was recommended by some friends. We arrived and were seated in the busy dining room. Was thinking, great energy, boisterous noise level, bustling service staff. ...this could be good.Server came over and said there would be he and another taking care of us,,,, Ordered a cocktail and perused the menu. A classic bistro menu, lots of choices,,We ordered a gumbo and a flatbread,,,first spoonful of the gumbo, a mushy/soft shrimp in a broth that tasted like old seafood. The flatbread was ok, but nothing to write home about. We really wanted to order a bottle of wine, but couldn't get the attention of our server. We asked the food runner if he could send over the server for a wine order------10 minutes later we ordered a bottle of Gigondas, it was served when we were done with our apps. I also asked for some bread at this point, noticing that every other table around us had some.Entree-  The duck breast came out medium rare, as I usually like it, but the breast itself was incredibly salty, as if had sat in a brine for hours.We were never asked about our entrees, but I had earlier pointed out the bad shrimp in the gumbo, with very little to no response.This experience was a complete departure from every other dining experience we had in New Orleans, very surprising. Well, it really shows what happens when a great restaurateur opens too many places. This place had been recommended several times by friends in the business.I normally love Luke's. but I came here w a group of first timers for happy hour. We ordered 100 oysters and they were dirty++, w broken shells, poorly shucked to the point where some oysters were just decimated. We had to send back 20 bc a few of us were sick of getting broken shells in our mouths. Service was good otherwise. Maybe the day we went we got the shucker on an off day. I was disappointed and my guests were too.John Besh can do no wrong in my book... Which is really saying something... Their oysters are large and pretty amazing, they have the BEST seafood gumbo I have ever had in New Orleans, and if you order their braised beef entrees, you will talk about them for days- Their shrimp and grits aren't too shabby either, but they aren't anything you can't get at oodles of other NoLa establishments. I like that this place is way more casual than August, but much more formal than Domenica. It's a nice medium, and definitely my new favorite upscale casual place in NoLa!Luke is a great place to go for lunch. I got the Poulet Grand-Mère, which was chicken with vegetables. The meat was soft, juicy and not overdone. The meat was high quality. I loved the way the vegetables were cooked, and the mashed potatoes was excellent. The portion was pretty big for me, so I gave the rest to my husband. It was perfect since he ate the shrimp and grits, and the portions for that was small. The waiter gave us a piece of bread. At first I was annoyed because I wished he would have gave us a bread basket, but it turned out it was enough to split the bread with my husband. I do wish that the bread was served on a plate. It was simply wrapped in a napkin and he laid it on the table. I'm sure they keep the tables clean, but it would have looked good for presentation purposes. I would definitely come back again to luke.The flamenkuche was one of the best things I have ever put in my mouth! At a John Besh Restaurant, or anywhere, for that matter! Crispy puff pastry crust topped with Emmenthaler cheese, caramelized onion and thick cut bacon! So rich and delicious. I can't wait to go back and eat this again!My friend and I also got the "Eggs in a Jar." It was very good but should just be served on a plate, it was too messy to take everything out of the jar. Everything being, TWO fried soft shell crabs (I thought the menu said one, so it was a nice surprise), a poached egg (menu said two but only one was provided...that's okay, since they gave two crabs), and jalapeno cheese grits. Just serve it on a plate, already. But it was tasty. I am not sure I would order it again, though. If I'm in Luke again, I'm getting the flamenkuche!**Happy Hours are a Broke Nursing Student's Best Friend:  The 1st of a 3-Part Series**Luke serves the largest, freshest, most divine oysters I have ever enjoyed...and they are only 50 cents each from 3-6pm on weekdays!  Their baked oysters (not on special, unfortunately) are a food-gasm on the half shell.  Better than Drago's, better than everyone in town.  Speaking of which, where you at Oyster Fest last weekend, eh?  I expected Luke to be showing off down there at Woldenberg Park, stealing everyone's thunder.Happy hour specials also include half-off cocktails (the French 75 is my personal favorite) and half-off glasses of wine.  Luke's happy hour has earned a place on my reigning Top 3 deals in town and is destination of choice for my comrades and I post-exams!Ate here twice while n NOLA...loved it both timesiLüke has great food. But they have such a bad attitude about everything, I just don't get it. The only reason I continue to eat here is that it is right next to the building I work in and near the hotel I stay in while in New Orleans so is super convenient. And know if you order food here to go that despite the 45 minute to an hour and a half quote for timing, your food will be ready in 20 minutes. So if you don't want cold food, either go pick it up after 20 minutes or make them call you when it's ready.If I could sum up our evening at Luke in two words, it would be "absolutely terrible."We arrived early for our reservation on a Saturday night in March to find a half-empty restaurant. Despite the ample amount of empty tables (that remained empty the entire evening), we were told to wait by the hostesses for about 15 minutes until they decided to seat us. They brought us to a back dining room near the kitchen that was practically empty, and sat us at a tiny table in the corner.Another ten minutes elapsed before our waiter came to introduce himself. We had the misfortune of being served by Kyle, who is hands down the most inept waiter we have ever encountered. He didn't know the menu whatsoever nor did he have any idea what the specials for the night were. When I asked for more information on the specialty beers, he couldn't answer - rather he turned the question back on to me, like I was supposed to provide the knowledge myself.We started with the Baked P&J Oysters, which was the highlight (and only highlight) of the meal. They came piping hot, and were absolutely delicious.My girlfriend ordered the Etoufee. Despite repeatedly asking Kyle if the entree was spicy (he assured us it wasn't), the dish arrived far too spicy for her to even eat. She was only able to manage a few bites before spending the next 15 minutes drinking water to cool her mouth down.I ordered the Steak and Frites. While the steak was cooked perfectly, it wasn't brought out hot. It came to the table lukewarm. Same deal with the fries. Lukewarm. Maybe now I see where the "Luke" in the name of the place comes from?We were so disappointed with our experience that, after receiving the check, we asked to speak to a manager. Jennifer came over and we explained the situation. To her credit, she seemed genuinely concerned and asked what she could do to make things right. She offered to take care of something on the bill, or try to get us to come back another time to give us a better experience. We refused both, because A. we ate the food and B. we didn't want to waste another meal at Lüke. It seems like most people's experiences at Luke have differed from mine - which makes me wonder if I came on an off-night? Perhaps Kyle was new on the job? Perhaps the kitchen staff was slacking? I don't know. All I can say is that our experience was awful, and we'll never go back.I was really excited to eat at a John Besh Restaurant, better yet it was right in our hotel, unfortunately our experiences (multiple) did not live up to the hype. We did have attentive and engaging wait staff but I just expected more. Our first try at Luke was for dinner on my birthday... My Etouffee was great, my date's steak was over cooked and possibly expedited wrong, as it took mere seconds for them to return with a medium rare steak. Unfortunately it came back out over salted but he opted not to send it back again (I don't blame him). I really wanted the bread pudding with pecan sauce just didn't have room, so ordered it via room service the next night and again was under whelmed again, it arrived only slightly warm with the ice cream completely melted (they were in separate containers). On our last day in town (Friday) we wanted to give it one more shot since it wasn't Mardi Gras and life seemed to be returning to normal... court-bouillon was okay, however the chicken on my salade de poulet grille, was almost raw, that's right, barely cooked chicken on my plate! It got corrected quickly and round 2 was good but REALLY... RAW chicken!Very disappointed in the service as well as the food.  Our first night in New Orleans Luke was recommended by the hotel . Lamb was rubbery and tasteless.  Pork was over done. Adding salt didn't even help the taste . Will not get a second chance .Can you really beat 50c oysters and half price drinks at happy hour? After devouring 3 dozen amazing oysters we were super happy campers. Everything else we ordered was delicious as well. It gets super busy so make sure you have a reservation or be prepared for a long wait.Food is OK although feel a little over-priced.  The Etoufee and smoked pork shank are good, although nothing really super to justify the price.  The desserts are good although nothing really strikes me.  I like the restaurant but at similar price I can get MUCH better food in my home town (SF Bay Area).Maybe I am just spoiled...Meh. Was expecting so much more. Most of the reviews rave about the fab oyster deal (not the full menu). Like others have said, service was mediocre. Might want to work on the layout (e.g. large bags of trash carried through main dining room???).This place will not disappoint!  the raw bar and cooked oysters were to die for.Usually I do not get impressed with menus with as much as I eat out, but this place made me want to come back for more.  You scored with this place. I am definitely a John Besh fan, (big lover of Restaurant August) but I could go to this place for lunch and dinner on the same day.so great! Thank you!Is it a Yelp faux pas to give a restaurant five stars for one standout dish? I don't know, but the Shrimp and Jalapeno Cheese Grits at Luke are THAT good. Granted, we are from California and don't eat Shrimp and Grits often. But John Besh takes this dish to a whole new level. In fact, it's rendered me adjective-less. Heavenly? Blissful? Insane? Nothing does it justice. Just try it. Other dishes are also solid: Etouffee, Gumbo, Crab Bisque. Service is solid. Ambiance is a casual bistro style--no need to dress up. Tables are closely set together, but that's the charm of New Orleans. Everyone is so friendly--it's a perfect opportunity to strike up a conversation with someone you might not normally meet at home. :)3.75came here foe thanksgiving. had turducken, blue crab mac and cheese, and oyster stuffing. everything was tasty but it was sent out cold. hate sending things back but had to. they were embarrassed and took care of it. handled it like pros. it was hh when we were there too. $0.50 oysters and 1/2 off drinks. hard to beat. nothing we ate blew me away. everything was good. had higher hopes for turducken in general. it was my first time trying. i'd go back and try their normal menu.It was a dark and stormy night, and we wanted to eat at Luke despite the fact we didn't have reservations. The hostess was accommodating and found us three bar stools to sit at the bar (it's probably because we looked pretty pathetic as we tried to figure out a Plan B)... but we had four people. Sad face. We ordered a round of drinks and decided to take our food to go. Good thing our hotel was only a few blocks away.I ordered the Luke burger after being told it was rated one of the best burgers by the Food Network or something. And I figured a burger would travel well. And it had bacon on it. I was sold.The bun was a little soggy by the time we got back to the hotel, but that's because it got steamed in the carry-out box. It tasted delicious despite the soggy bun. It helps that the bun was soggy with burger juice. mm, burger juice. Burger juice and bacon. It was a damn good burger. It probably would have been better at the restaurant.The fries were a little salty, but I found a lot of the food in NOLA to be a little too salty. And whatever, they're fries. Good fries, but nothing to write home about.Came for lunch on a trip to New Orleans and I was very pleased with the food.  The restaurant had a comfortable atmosphere and was not the white-table clothed establishment that I was expecting.  A mellow-professional atmosphere.For breakfast we shared the P&J oysters and the foie gras (it's delicious, I know, and we can't get it in California anymore so it was a must-have), and then proceeded to munch on the crab omelet and the eggs in a jar.  The crab omelet was light and the eggs must be how eggs taste in heaven -- I certainly haven't been able to replicate the lightness of the eggs at home.  If I were to come back for lunch, I would go for the eggs in a jar - beautifully crafted and delicious.Service was little lackluster for a restaurant of this caliber.  It felt like I would have to wave someone down to get my water re-filled or to ask for something else.  Perhaps the quality of service is a bit different in the evenings.  But, the service wouldn't stop me from coming here again -- it's just an observation.Luke was my first meal in NOLA and the start of an entire week of eating.  WOW.  Everything was amazing.  I had the seafood gumbo (which I had to ask around the table if they also agreed that it was good) and it was best gumbo I had the entire week. Also had the shrimp etoufee and housemade sausages which were also yummy.Our waiter was great. He was knowledgeable and attentive. Service was lightning fast. Their burger was one of the best I've ever had. I can't speak to anything else, but I definitely recommend trying the burger if you come here.Awesome all around. Great menu, well prepared food, good service. Try the baked oysters, crab bisque, and shrimp and grits.They went out of their way to make sure we had a great time. Crawfish Etouffee was great and the drinks were fantastic.Luke, will you be my boyfriend? Because that's how much I love your assiette de charcuterie.Anyone that knows me well knows my love for a good pate, so imagine my great delight when I saw a whole big plate of it offered at lunch. All house made too! There was a chunky pate de campagne covered in a lacy layer of caul fat, beautifully textured headcheese, a few thin slices of a boudin, creamy delicious pork rilettes and my favorite - truffled rabbit and chicken liver pate. It's all served with the usual accouterments (mustard, chutney and the like) which I skipped so not to miss any of my potted meats flavor. As a bonus, they aren't stingy on the baguette toasts.My dining companion had a roasted chicken dish with garlic mash which he said was great. I'm pretty sure he was a little horrified at my excessive consumption of innards and nasty bits, but too bad - more for me!Service was perfectly attentive and very friendly. The interior of Luke is lovely too - a little slice of Paris right off Canal St. If I lived in New Orleans, I'd be here on the regular for sure,Warm, welcoming ambiance to accompany a delicious meal of oysters, crab bisque, shrimp gumbo and the famed Luke Burger. Left feeling full and satisfied. There's also a great selection of wines by the glass and some excellent house-brewed beer. Coming from New York, I found the prices reasonable.Came here for Brunch on a rainy Saturday while visiting New Orleans. The menu was somewhat meat-heavy, so I ordered "eggs in a jar" - poached eggs over grits with fried shrimp. The presentation of this dish was very cool. Poached eggs were perfect, but the dish was pretty heavy overall. My friend had eggs with ham with a biscuit, and she loved her dish. I took a bite of her biscuit and immediately had to order my own, as the biscuit was incredible, especially with their homemade jam... If I ever find myself at Luke again during brunch, I'd probably just order a biscuit and poached eggs, as I would be really happy eating that again.Definitely worth every star! You should try: crab/corn chowder, duck 2-ways, and the bread pudding. If you want more the French fries were pretty tasty too!I came to Luke for Breakfast the other day. Great spot! Probably some of the best grits I had while in NOLA! The biscuits were also very tasty with the homemade preserves.  I'd definitely like to try them again for lunch and/or dinner as well.When you have to work on a weekend it's nice to stop off for lunch at a spot that screams panache. Luke (or Louuuuke) is a great place that (as it appears) tons of Yelpers flock to. Being brought here is a delicious technicality.For me, N'Orleans fare goes a really long way; not that I don't love it; but I love it more when I have it less. My colleague ordered everything in oysters, and I mean everything. While he slurped away, I fell in love with my bisque. How can something so decadent and buttery, still taste light and sweet? Our drinks did not arrive during this wonderful appetizer round, though. That they had a crowd was putting it mildly. It's at these moments you can take in the decor: that being warm and relaxed, which I also loved. Our table was located very close to 3 other diners: I could have grabbed a handful of pickles from each of them. When our main meal arrived we were not disappointed. The cracked crab was amazing; amazing enough for all to worship at it's altar; it was coupled with a light slaw that was not knee deep in mayo; but spicy and tangy and on my plate it was gone! It came with a grilled stuffed tomato that was loaded with a crab and cheese mixture with a definite kick! Awesome.My colleague ordered what many seemed to be ordering: the crab bit; in addition to fried green tomatoes. He seemed to have no complaints because he leveled his plate.Our drinks came at the end of the meal, and it's a good thing too because by then our pH levels had altered dramatically. Though attentive in certain areas, the service was not "up there". But the food at Luke was wonderful.They say everyone has a "double". Well, I have a friend at home who looks just like John Besh. Though Chef Besh didn't appear for me to compliment him on the meal: I can do that when I get home. :-)One of John Besh's many restaurants. It is a semi casual restaurant. Coats are not required for men. People were dressed all over the board but nice jeans and a sweater will do. They do take reservations and CC..50 cent happy hour oysters 7 days a week 3-6pm and half off cocktails, wine by glass, and beer. Prior to this experience I was always indifferent to oysters but P&J oysters have changed me forever. These oysters were AAAMAZING - large, plump, sweet, and fresh. So great that we came twice in 5 days for them.Drinks: St. Charles Streetcar - St. Germain, pear vodka & champagne, Lüke Fru, Louisiana, blonde lager, Lüke Alt, Louisiana, amber alt were all great. SAZERACrye, sugar, Peychaud's bitters & Herbsaint was high quality just not my type of drink. 3 of us shared fresh gulf fish meunière (pan fried in butter) with almond slices on top. This drumfish came with sauteed vegetables - carrots, brussel sprouts, green beans, and some sort of white turnip thing that brought great flavor and texture to the dish. 22.00 add jumbo lump crabmeat 10.00 = so worth it. you have to add the crabmeat. The dish holds up well. We ordered it to eat at MSY while waiting for a flight back.I already miss this place and reading other reviews makes me want to try other stuff now...If you are looking to be impressed by French-German dishes in New Orleans, please go to Luke Restaurant, I know I was. The restaurant is located in the Central Business District, next to the Hilton and in the former Masonic Temple Building, so there is that historic vibe to the restaurant. The front room is a lot more grand than the back room (where we were seated), but that is offset by views of the open kitchen. Apparently they only want to seat people with reservations, so since we did not have one, we were refused seating until 9:15pm (it was 6:45pm) but with a little back and forth, we ended up waiting only 15 minutes before we were seated. However, as we walked through the restaurant to the back room, way too many tables were empty that it made no sense that they acted that way. A lot of tables still remained empty throughout the meal.I decided to start out my meal with a cocktail. I originally wanted the Mint Julep but they were out so I had the Riverbend (vodka, lemon juice, basil syrup, blueberries & ginger ale) at the recommendation of the server. It was a relatively sweet cocktail, with the ginger ale being the most powering flavor, but you could still taste the alcohol.My friend choose a regular starter and ordered a cup of the Crawfish Bisque. She ate all of it so I am assuming she liked it, but she did complain of a sour aftertaste.My boyfriend skipped the appetizers and went straight for the entree. He always seems to find the most basic item on the menu and order it. He had the Luke Burger (bacon, caramelized onions, tomatoes, Swiss cheese) and was raving about it. One thing I can tell you, it was a very good size. My friend had the Jumbo Louisiana Shrimp "En Cocotte" with lump crab meat, roasted jalapeño cheese grits, andouille & green onion sausages. She loved it.I have an obsession with mussels so I had the classic Moules et Frites. Although only having two simply ingredients (garlic & thyme) in the broth, the flavors stood out and the taste was a lot bolder than others I have had with a lot more ingredients. The house-made fries were scrumptious. These are the best kind.Even with all that food, we still made room for dessert. We first had the Bread Pudding which was delicious but quite sweet. I am also not a fan of over sauced foods.One wasn't enough so we also ordered the Bourbon Vanilla Bean Creme Brulee. It was superb and not too sweet which is a plus for me. The little cookies on top added nothing to the dessert and if anything could have been left off.All that good food, I still have to give props to our server. He was amazing and engaging. The front desk soured the mood a little bit a first but he more than made up for it. I couldn't have asked for anyone better.I have eaten here a half a dozen times now and have had mostly terrific experiences.  I love their charcuterie, their boudin, and the oyster salad.  I have had great duck here as well.  I ordered the 1/2 chicken previously and it was murdered, dried out, overcooked and buried in so much bacon you couldn't taste anything else.  The dish was really heavy and heavy handed.  I ordered it again and it was succulent and beautiful, the veggies were a little crisp but this was a complete turn around for this dish.We like to go for happy hour and usually enjoy the discounted oysters.  On one visit they were all so small as to be comical and it was hard to believe they would serve them and charge us for them.  Still, overall, I am a huge fan.  It's hard to judge a restaurant on a single visit and I try not to do it too harshly when I see that so many things are going well there and how obviously they know how to prepare and serve a quality product.  The bacon does not contain nitrates or sulfites and much of the product served is organic.  I really appreciate the effort to make sure that I am eating safe food John.  Thank you!Was looking for some good local food, and found my expectation exceeded at Luke. My wife and I came in for lunch on Tuesday and were seated immediately. The shrimp and grits were served in cast iron pans on top of plates.  The grits were very well flavored, buttery but not too heavy.  The shrimp were excellant, also very well flavored. The portions on the on shrimp were a bit small, but the plate my wife got (which she loved) was much bigger.The atmosphere here is great, it feels very old school, classic restaurant. The waiters and waitresses all wear short white coats and ties, adding to the classic feel of the place. We did have to wait a while for the food, which out waiter did apologize for.As we were leaving, I said to my wife, maybe we should stay at the Hilton on our next trip to New Orleans, so that we can just run down stairs for lunch.The food was very great at Luke's the service I had was great,but if the front house manager who is. Caucasian did not really care for a black couple like me and my hubby being there he kept giving us the dirty look like he wanted us to leave ,but not after I had spent $95 and enjoyed it.Great spot in the business district - great steakHorrible. We were staying at the hilton and stopped here because we were starving at 9 pm. I used to serve tables and rarely complain about service but...Our waitress forgot to put our order in the computer ( I know because 45 minutes the first time she came back, asked for our order again and proceeded back to punch into the computer). When food finally arrived an hour and a half after walking in, it was tasteless. How do you make Cajun food tasteless in New Orleans. Thanks to Luke, I now know that every restaurant in NOLA isn't amazing. I was starting to wonder since all of my other dining experiences have been amazing here.Despite the reviews, I was still skeptical of Luke since it's inside the Hilton.  I spend 1/2 my life in Hilton hotels and rarely find a good restaurant.  Luke is certainly the exception!Surely I may have been biased since my boyfriend proposed right before dinner, so clearly I could have been served canned cat food and would have thought it was the most amazing thing ever.  I kid.I started with the escargots - very good!  Cheesy and rich and delicious, not even slightly chewy.  Perfect.For my entree I had the etouffee, which was unlike any etouffee I've ever had.  Served over pasta (which I don't normally eat), a small portion - nothing crazy huge like you'd get at an Americanized Italian restaurant - and so, so flavorful.The new fiance had the ribeye and it was perfectly cooked and also delicious.Our server was fantastic and when she noticed that I spent 89% of the evening staring at my new ring she congratulated us and brought us each a glass of champagne.  Perfect finish to a wonderful meal!Thanks, Luke, for making our special day even more special with delicious food and wonderful service.Limited menu which changes. Be sure to check in advance if you want a specific dish. Great escargot Limited pours on drinksI've been to NOLA several times but never had the opportunity to eat at a John Besh restaurant. This was my first time, and I'm in love! My husband and I went to Luke for a Friday lunch. The restaurant was bustling--so I recommend making a reservation. The ambiance is that of a French Bistro-unpretentious, even though the service is 5 star. The menu can be somewhat intimidating for those not familiar with French words--but the servers are willing to answer questions and give recommendations.Here's what we tried:-Bread: Classic, Crusty French Bread -Foie Gras Terrine: Rich--it's an acquired taste-Matzo Ball Soup: The Matzo ball was absolutely scrumptious...would have liked more broth -Croque Madame: Fanciest Croque Madame I've ever had; brought out on a wooden cutting board; get it with the Fried Egg--you'll want to take a nap after this one-Cochon de Lait: Absolutely the favorite on the menu--crunchy bread, pulled pork and ham, caramelized onions, and the cherry mustard complements it all beautifullyI'll say it: I'd switch teams for John Besh. Restaurant August was already among my favorite restaurants in the nation, and Luke is a casual alternative that offers up an entirely different but equally tasty view into New Orleans food. For one thing -- and let's be serious: probably the most important thing -- they make an EXCELLENT burger. It is massive (and shareable according to some), covered in caramelized onions, Allan Benton's bacon, caramelized and Emmenthaler Swiss cheese. And although the brioche bun stands up well, it's unavoidably messy when cooked to a juicy medium rare. Our bartender friend informed us that this particular burger was chosen as 8th in the nation; I'm not sure by whom, but I'm not mad I got it, just mad I'm not on the committee. The shrimp and grits are also apparently a specialty of the house. We were told that they do them a bit differently than most places; as far as I can tell, they just cook the shrimp perfectly, and make the sauce good enough to drink. I was a bit disappointed that the fries were cooked past crispy into crunchy territory, but the lady on my left loved them all the same. For me though, the only downsides were said fries and the fact that their bloody mary is merely a mix (although I do like the Gator Blood), and they don't provide a spicy bean. Sacrilegious, I know, but give them a chance to make it up to you with the food.Such a lovely night. Loud bar environment but I really liked it. The BEST bread pudding I've ever had. My chicken was great. Actually devoured my vegetables. I don't know what Luke did to them, but they were great. I'll be back.Was there as part of a bachelor party this past weekend. At first glance, the private room they put us in seemed pretty great, even though there was no house music on. Now, granted we were a group of 12. I probably wouldn't be suited for the job. Unfortunately, I don't think our waiter was either. The menu was a little all over the place and it took us all about 20 minutes just to collect our thoughts and figure out what to order. Waiter came in and was a little unfriendly at first, then pretty much seemed to have no concern for explaining too much. He said we saw the special listed outside, which we had not, but went with it anyway. We also ordered drinks, a few plates of pate and the seafood tower for the table. Drinks took forever. I'm talking 20+ minutes, maybe more. Not good. Then, the apps came, but no seafood tower. Finally it arrived, close to an hour after we got there. The quality was very good, I must say. Pretty much first-rate. What was the absolute best was the pate. We had the charcuterie sampler and the Louisiana rabbit pate. Both were astounding and a culinary highlight of our trip. Also, the escargots were good.I ordered the shrimp and grits and it was pretty good. By the end of the night, our waiter had loosened up a little bit but I think the dining experience fell a little short of our expectations.As soon as my boyfriend landed in New Orleans to meet me for our vacation we had one mission - find a restaurant with happy hour and buck-a-shuck oysters.  Luke happened to be close by (we stayed at Le Pavillon Hotel), had a happy hour, and had oysters, so we headed that way.  Found out when we got that that happy hour included $.50 oysters.  SCORE!Luke is a great restaurant with cool decor.  The food was absolutely fantastic, the drinks were spot on and worth every penny (especially during happy hour), and the service was fantastic.  Highly recommended!Wonderful Sunday brunch. Make a reservation for sure. Gulf oysters - the best. Yummy French 75, sausages and unique bread pudding - from a bread pudding snob. Will go back for the charcuterie platter.Best raw oysters and happy hour in town!!ProsRaw oystersHappy hourServiceCocktailsConsNeed reservations or you won't get in.It was excellent. Enjoyed the decor and ambiance.  Well mixed Sazerac.  Service was good.  We had a good time.The food was amazing, the ambiance was charming,  the service was impeccable and the prices were very reasonable!  I had an amazing shrimp and grits and my husband's oysters were sublime.  This place is a gem.  Enjoy!Had dinner and a breakfast here. Excellent food and service. I'm pretty picky and I couldn't find a thing I didn't like!Great place for a brunch, watch the game and enjoy their excellent shrimp and grits!  The very best!Solid food and expensive but the service here sucked ass.  They had 3 people on the hostess stand and 2 waiters with a half empty restaurant.  Not a great use of staff.I was looking at my Gucci it's about that time. - Big Tymers, Manny Fresh(NOLA rapper - obscure reference)My stomach confirmed what my Gucci watch told me. It was past lunch and after scoring beads and coconuts at the Zulu parade I was hungry. Internal thought: "Looks like another hyped up John Besch restaurant is along the Rex parade route. You need to be there." For lunch I did all appetizers:Charbroiled Parmesan Oysters. 5I'm about to commit NOLA heresy. These oysters are better, than the already amazing oysters at ACME oyster house. Allow me to juxtapose. ACME charbroiled oysters: smokey, buttery, take 30m+ to make because of their popularity. Luke charbroiled oysters: large flavorful, covered in gooey parmesan, fall apart in your mouth, come out in 5 minutes. Ok, it was tough to juxtapose because your comparing a 30 year old whisky to a 45 year old whisky, both will amaze you but if drink enough you can pick up the nuances. Escargot. 4You'll be taken; 0-60, swiftly (flavor wise).* No mistaking the flavor and chewiness when you have escargot and it was great here. It was made in a sort of bulinbaise soup, very unique and had some French bread that came with it.  By the time I was done I'd pretty much missed the Rex parade on my inaugural NOLA mardi gras trip and although I kind of regret that I can never regret these oysters and escargot, yum. Verdict: Recommended but not NOLA requirement*Paying homage to biggie smalls. No disrespect intended to Junior Mafia clique. No beef or bullets needed here.Lüke Restaurant is a John Besh Restaurant. In this restaurant, John Besh attempts to take our palates through a journey of Franco-German cuisine. At first glance, it is a cute little brasserie with a blend of old world charm and new world pace. You can hear chatters and clinking of glasses with crowds of business professionals clearly having a good time. I'd definitely recommend this place for after work happy hour and don't forget to check out their full raw bar.Now on to the really good stuff. My meal. A trio of Canard.Starter: Pâté of Louisiana Rabbit and Duck Livers perfumed with truffle and country bread croutonsPaired with Baron Herzog Gamay Beaujolais, 1998Main Course: Choucroûte Garnie of housemade bratwurst, slow cooked Berkshire pork shin and creamer potatoes, add Confit of Duck LegPaired with Sausal Cabernet Sauvignon, 2005Dessert: Duck Egg Crème Brûlée with fresh berry glazePaired with a CappuccinoThe Pâté was fantastically rich and smooth. It was accompanied by croutons that were unnecessarily salted. The shining star of the plate, though, were the sweet pickles of watermelon and cucumber. They were the perfect touch to cut through the bitterness and gaminess of the rabbit livers. I'm not sure what the current obsession is with gelée but at least this top layer of gelée melted when it touched my tongue.Choucroûte for those of you who are not familiar can be best described as a cast iron pot of meats slowly and meticulously braised to a tender mound of goodness atop a thick layer of caramelized sauerkraut. I assure you, it's nothing pretty to look at. I imagine this would be what I'd eat if I was a man's man during medieval France. It was ALL meat. Meaty tender goodness. Slightly sweet meat from the caramelized potatoes and sauerkraut. Meat that fell apart from the scooping of my fork. The immensity of the meat taunted me and challenged me and I certainly would not have been a "man" unless I finished the whole thing...well I AT LEAST had to keep eating until I finished the wine. :)I'd never tried duck egg crème brûlée. In fact, it never occurred to me to make crème brûlée with anything other than a (chicken) egg. Interestingly, it was not unlike crème brûlée, yet it was...different. Richer maybe. More... like it was made with an egg that could very well have just popped out of the ducky sitting in the back kitchen. Not too sweet, creamy, served room temperature as it should be. The berries were fresh and sweet and was the end to a very near perfect dinner. The service was attentive, the server was knowledgeable about the food and wine, and the atmosphere-fun. If you're ever in New Orleans, this one is not a "must have" but a "you definitely can't go wrong". Happy eating!Friday, lunchtime, go to Lüke and order the special off of the "Express Menu," the court-bouillon (comes with soup (or salad upon request), $15), and be amazed. This is essentially a sort of seafood stew with oysters, crab claws, shrimp, and redfish, and it's absolutely delicious. Even if you're allergic to shellfish, order this, and be confident that your final meal will be worth it. Especially at that price--your survivors won't be left with much of a bill to cover!Shortly after arriving in New Orleans I found myself here for lunch, and it certainly set a high standard for anything that was to follow. The city is known for its great food, and this is certainly one of the spots to go. Of course, I can't speak for the rest of the menu, but as a mostly-vegetarian that eats the occasional food from the sea, this was an excellent introduction to the city.Aside from the special menu, prices are a bit, well, pricey, but at $15, the (Friday!) lunch special is a steal. Definitely a recommendation for the friends.We were here for happy hour. Service was very quick. From 3pm to 6pm, drinks are half off and oysters are $.50. The oysters were nice, plump and yummy. Luke's spicy cheesy grits were my favorite in NOLA. Drinks are half off but would otherwise be a bit pricy. We also tried Blind Pelican who has $.25 oysters but I wish I stayed here because Blind Pelican was so slow. The oysters at Luke came out so quick. Luke is a bit noisy though.Great dining experience. Loved the oysters and jagerspatzel and fish. Friendly and attentive staff. Walking distance from the Westin in New Orleans. Great overall experience. It's fun too if you are a Top Chef Master's fan like me and to enjoy the food at John Besh's restaurant.Despite perfectly good food, the surly demeanor of the help from front to back can't overcome the bad taste left in my mouth after eating at Luke. I took my son and his lady for Brunch recently and was thoroughly disappointed, especially after the stellar food, service and atmosphere at Borgne - where everyone seems genuinely happy to see you! Not sure why two places owned by the same group offer such wildly divergent experiences, but Luke is off my list for dining in the Big Easy.Dearest Lüke...I miss you and am in withdrawal. Do you deliver to Dallas?Yours Truly,MZThe food varied from excellent (baked oysters) to inedible (profiteroles) with our entrees somewhere in between as just average. The service was off - not exactly slow, but just weird. The food, atmosphere, and service were all underwhelming for the price. If you want to try a Besh restaurant I would highly recommend Domenica instead.So valentine's day rolls around.  The girlfriend has been wanting to go here so I decided to surprise her with some reservations.  Got reservations for 4pm to avoid the big crowds and take advantage of happy hour.  Show up on time and as soon as I walk through the door it starts going down hill.  The bar is packed (nothing wrong with that) and there are maybe 20% of the tables full.  None of the sections are busy.  Tell the hostess the name on the reservations and she looks around confused with a look on her face like where is she going to possibly sit us. It took 10 mins to sit us when almost all the tables were available but whatever, I ignored it.  Water came right away...took a little bit for the waiter to show who was obviously new...again, no big deal.  Ordered some drinks and oysters on the half shell.  Can't beat their happy hour prices.  In the mean time a 2 more couples came into the section we were in.  Drinks came with no oysters.  No big deal until both of the couples that sat after us got oysters along with several other orders coming out from the bar.  Let our server know, he apologized, came back with oysters and blamed it on them losing our ticket at the bar.Still trying to manage a positive outlook...ordered some appetizers and main course.  Appetizers came, she had the bisque and I the escargot.  Mine was good, hers bland.  Not 3 mins after we got our appetizers the main course came.  Not acceptable especially since we had a table barely large enough to handle what was already on it.  The server who was not our waiter apologized without me having to say anything and took the food back.  Problem is when they brought the main course back out they may have well just left it on the table beside us.  It was cold.  I ordered a rib-eye which isn't wonderful cold but edible.  She had the hamburger everyone talks about.  Well, the problem with hamburgers is no matter how good they are made...they suck cold.  Fries cold too.  Horrible.  So that's my Luke experience.  I'm sure without the errors of the staff it would've been a much better experience and if the food would've been presented at the right time the taste would have been better.  Unfortunately it wasn't therefore....2 stars.  Be happy it wasn't her writing this review!Since they opened they have gone through some good and bad times. I will say that not every meal I have had here is enjoyable and the service can vary from poor to wonderful. There was a period where I believe the management was horrible: the food was poorly timed, was not checked properly before it went to the table, friendliness sketchy at best. But I believe they have recovered. I love this place for two reasons: happy hour oysters (which of the 15 times I have had them here have only been less than wonderful once) and the croque Madame. The froi is amazing (A+) the skate wonderful, shrimp and grits good, egg in a jar yum, bloody Mary GREAT!Even though we were seated in what was basically the restaurant lobby, this was still a great experience! We came for lunch and this was our favorite fancy meal of our trip. Great service and cocktails, too. We shared the baked P&J oysters and the Pate de Campagne to start. I think those oysters were my favorite bite of the trip. We were all really sad that they only sent us 11 instead of a full dozen (believe me, we counted), but fortunately the pate was also great.I tried to order a salad, because I had a mental lapse. John Besh knows better though, and basically sent me a plate of perfectly fried oysters and bacon with a wedge of lettuce in the middle. BEST SALAD EVER.  Other highlights for me were the etoufee, the shrimp and grits and the Tuesday special of Maultaschen. The Le Viet sandwich was good, but way too rich for me after all the butter and fat we had just ingested. This was the only place where we genuinely could not eat a single bite of dessert (we love dessert, so that's serious). We love John Besh!Great place for breakfast.  (only breakfast review)Crab omelette: Great crab, a little greasy but the crab made up for it.Coffee: GoodBiscuit sandwich: Made vegetarian, very good.  Comes with a nice fruit salad.Beignets:  GREAT WITH THE JAMPancakes:  Great (except last bite had onion--weird)There are tons of newspaper to read.  Service was great.Come here and park your a** here from 3-6 for their happy hour, half off drinks (beer and cocktail) and 50 cents oyster and they are good!My only caution is don't order shots of Jack Daniel like I did, it like like $9 a shot, stick with beer and their cocktail.This was the first stop on our trip to NOLA - faaaan-effing-tastic way to get the first vacation of 2013 started ;) Initially, the plan was to head to Acme Oyster House, since it was just downstairs from where we were staying at the Astor Crowne Plaza, but the review of my good friend and fellow Korean foodie Vivian J. touting Luke's as the best raw oysters she had while she was in NOLA, changed my mind.  Not to mention that 50 cent price tag during happy hour - SAY NO MORE, I shall come and gladly slurp up as many of these incongruously delicious shellfish as my stomach can handle! (why do I say incongruous?  well, think about it. oysters, in appearance and texture, are not exactly the most appetizing thing ever... whichever brave soul decided to slurp down these shining gray booger-esque morsels of deliciousness.. I salute you and thank you.)The oysters at Luke's? Huge. HUGE. The closest equivalent happy hour we have in LA are $1 at Enterprise and they are completely rink-a-dink compared to the one at Luke's. Not only that, but they were perfectly balanced and briny - so tasty, especially with a dash of minuet sauce, horseradish and Tabasco! I was planning on gorging myself but found that I was content after about a dozen or so.  (I was content.. But that didn't necessarily stop me)We also ordered some of the main entrees to try, including the charcuterie plate, shrimp and grits and the fried oyster salad.  The fried oyster salad was fantastic, with the oysters having jsut the right amount of breading and the avocado adding a nice creaminess to offset it.  The bacon was a nice addition but it made it just a bit too salty for my tastes.I'm not very well-versed on charcuterie, so I don't think my opinion on that would be very helpful.  Shrimp and grits, though.. I had to basically ju-jitsu my friend Sophia to wrestle this dish from her, since she loved it so much.  Understandably so - some of the best grits I've ever had.  Buttery, creamy, salty, and perfectly complemented by the spicy, flavorful shrimp.We also had some happy hour cocktails - I shared the New Orleans streetcar and the French 75 with another friend.. Both delectable!Just a fantastic happy hour and a spectacular start to our NOLA trip!Didn't live up to expectations.We were excited based on all the positive reviews, but Luke sadly didn't pay off.  I started off with a mint julep which tasted like bourbon water. Zero mint or sweetness to it.  For dinner I had the shrimp and grits which was very tasty, but the portion was so small.  It was sized more for an appetizer rather than entree.  When I pay over $20 for a dish it needs to be somewhat filling.  Creme brulee for desert was good.I would not go back.Wonderful incredible food and cool Cafe ambiance. Apps incredible - Crab bisque, crabmeat maison, and flamenkuche(best little pizza you will ever have)I went to this place 3 times in a week and every time the food was amazing.  The Gumbo soup is the best in town. This is a must go.First restaurant in New Orleans.  The seafood soup was tasty.  The shrimp and grits was good as well.  My burger was salty and the fries were "over fried".  Thought about complaining but didn't.  Service wasn't great but our server was responsive when he was around.  He did end up trying to give me more fries after giving us the check.This restaurant was the perfect way to greet the day after a very long night. We had a sampling of brunch items and raw gulf oysters, and everything was phenomenal. For me, the star of the show was the buttermilk biscuit that came with my breakfast plate. It was fresh, delicious, and crispy and doughy in all the right places. Reminded me of the biscuits my grandmother used to make. Utterly perfect.Delicious food!  The service was great , the maitre d' and our waitress were very friendly.  The bread is to die for, actually the bread all over New Orleans is to die for.  I ordered the roasted chicken and it melted in my mouth along with the mash potatoes.  Only complaint was that the air conditioning was on and it was freezing, but apparently it is a consistent problem that restaurant has with the hotel it is located in. Ohhh, almost forgot, the dessert. I can't remember the name but it was this chocolate, chicory, mousse type dessert, WOW! So good!Came here during the daily happy hour -- half price off wines and a dozen oysters for $6. Great high class atmosphere, but at a bargain price.This place is pretty decent. The daily deal is great, $23 for a soüp or salad, entree and dessert. You really can't beat that. The matzoh ball soup was so delicious with a flavorful chicken broth. The daily entree was stewed beef and vegetable provencale. Everything in that dish was good but I swear that the meat was lamb instead of beef. It had that distinct mütton smell. They probably made a mistake but I also like lamb too.I also tried the fried oyster avocado salad. It was ünique but a little too rich for me.  A vinagrette dressing would be a better choice than a creamy dressing due to the avocado and the fried oysters already being rich.  The shrimp and grits were likewise  rich and a little salty for my taste. The grits though were fluffy and creamy. The dessert was fabülous. It was white chocolate semi fredo with elder flower sauce. It was light and tasty. The atmosphere was lively. Service was super quick and attentive. Would come back here if I had more days to spend in NOLA.As I sit here at the bar desperately trying to get my waitress attention  I can't help but think back to a time when Luke had really great service. I love this restaurant. The food never disappoints . I have been here countless times.  But the service is to be desired. Ive had cocky waitress's, who love to talk over you when asking a question to next to little attention at times at the bar. And no not during happy hour either. Mr. Besh you need to spend some time there.Service was mediocre.Soup was great.Oyster salad was not good. It showed up cold and small for an entree salad. Not worth it.French 75 was great though.Having been told that going to a John Besh restaurant was standard procedure for visiting NOLA, I made plans to get over here during their oyster happy hour (3 - 6pm, every day). I definitely appreciate that they keep their happy hour going on weekends. However, the service during happy hour was pretty slow. We sat down and ordered drinks and a dozen oysters, and the oysters took nearly 20 minutes. When my oyster buddy ordered another drink (after waiting awhile to make eye contact and flag someone down), he had to wait 15+ minutes before it came out (and he had to ask about it to follow up, since it was taking so long). It definitely seemed like staff was around, but we were largely ignored, perhaps because it was happy hour and we ordered so little? However, the reason this review isn't less than 3 stars (because seriously, waiting nearly 20 minutes for a mint julep is obscene) is because when the bill came... it was $16. TOTAL. $16 for two nice, strong drinks and a dozen delicious oysters. The service was crappy, but at $8 a piece, I might be able to live with that. I just think I'd check out the other oyster happy hours about town and see how they compare before coming back.The best meal I had in New Orleans!  We had a reservation and were seated immediately. Our waiter was extremely polite. He brought our food to us rapidly. The food was excellent. I had the shrimp étouffée. For dessert I had a flour less chocolate cake. Everything tasted as if it was made from scratch. I would recommend this place to anyone for a nice dinner out!Food here was amazing.  I had the ribeye which was delicious.  Others in my group got the hamburger (I tried a bite and probably the best hamburger I've ever had) and lamb shank which was also great.  The food is reasonably price at roughly 20-30 dollars a plate.  I would highly recommend if in New Orleans!I've been wanting to try this place for years. Whenever I'm in NO, I hasn't worked out. Today, we went for lunch. It was pretty awesome. Those who eat with me know I like to share. From the Express Menu (don't let the name fool you; we were there for at least an hour for lunch),  today's Special is lamb, sausage, olives and panisse. Served like a cassoulet, the lamb was incredibly tender. The olives were not brined and had an interesting texture. The panisse was like a cheesy polenta. I didn't try the sausage, as I had ordered the Assiette de Charcuterie and was in organ meat overload. It was served with an amazing shrimp and oyster gumbo.Served with toasted bread, there was an amazing pate, head cheese (not really cheese), mortadella, fish dip and a few other terrines served with amazing relishes and chutneys, marmalades and pickles. Service was very friendly but a little slow. I expected that my platter would be explained to me, as there were a lot of unique items. For about $30 for 2 for an amazing meal, I think it's a great deal. I'm planning to return for the famous Shrimp and Grits.The only restaurant I went to twice in my 4 day trip. That's how awesome this place is. We came for brunch and then came back for happy hour. The brunch was amazing. The homemade jam wowed me. The grits were well seasoned and well textured. The oysters at happy hour were soooo fresh and sooo addictive. One of my best memories of NOLA was those oysters! Can't wait to revisit NOLA and come back here.Been here a few more times since my last review.  I think I'm gonna settle on 4 stars for now, because when it's good, it's pretty damn good, but with the risk that it might be bad.Tonight I had the seafood gumbo and shrimp and grits.  The gumbo was good, it bowl wasn't big, but it's still a good amount.  The shrimp and grits was very tasty and highly recommended.I went here the other day for lunch with the family. I wasn't sure what to expect at first, it being a Besh restaurant and all I was initially worried that the price would be exorbitant, but I was pleasantly surprised at how relatively affordable it was considering the name and the area.The menu is very diverse, you have everything from Oysters on the half shell, to eggs and bacon, to rabbit sausage and burgers. I wavered back and forth for a while trying to decide what to order, finally settling on my favorite food of all time the burger (yea I know who goes to a John Besh restaurant and orders a freaking burger?).Well I wasn't disappointed, the onions were perfectly caramelized, the burger was cooked exactly to my taste, and whatever type of bacon they used was outstanding. The wait staff naturally seemed attentive and knowledgeable about the menu, and even though they were sort of busy they didn't mind special requests.I will definitely plan on coming back here to have a nice dinner with the Mrs. one day, but for a great place to grab lunch downtown on a Saturday afternoon (and even though they were busy we just walked in off the street and got a table with no wait) I'd recommend this spot in a heartbeat.I was in New Orleans for a major conference, and Luke had reservations out the yin yang so we dined at the bar. I was super excited to try some of John Besh's food having seen him on Top Chef masters. I gave into fellow yelpers and my natural inclinations by ordering a cup of gumbo and shrimp & grits. The gumbo was fantastic with a really deep, rounded (did I really just say that?!) flavor that I couldn't get enough of! The shrimp and grits deliciousness was only made better by the addition of andouille sausage that gave it salty intense kick. The grits were the fluffiest I'd ever had, and I have had some fluffy freakin' grits before. It was like a corn-cloud drifting across my tongue. The bar service was very good and attentive. I will definitely be back next time I'm in town.The best meal I had while in NOLA was the crab and shrimp étouffée. We also had the shrimp and jalepeno grits. The seafood was all cooked to perfection. Tasty cocktails, too. We ordered the steamed chocolate dessert which was a confusing dish... it was neither steaming nor hot... The service was great. Plus, we got a few little chocolates for dessert. The people that were seated around us? Couples who couldn't stop making out over their oysters.... I was kinda grossed out but hey, good for them ;) .Great happy hour spot for oysters and cocktails. Tried the sausage plate and was very impressed. Steak was also well seasoned. Will come back for the hamburgers that we kept seeing being ordered.My girlfriend & I ate here on New Years' night and we had an amazing meal.  We showed up a little late for our dinner reservation and the main dining room looked very full. We were worried we had a long wait for dinner until we were whisked into the rear dining room that gave us a great view of the enclosed glass kitchen.We started with crab bisque & seafood gumbo as appetizers and there were both delicious. We then had Étouffée of Blue Crab & Brown Shrimp. I can not emphasize how incredibly delicious this meal was (especially the main course).  We had the baked chocolate mousse for dessert which topped off what was possibly the best meal we had on our trip.We set next to Harry Shearer (Derek Smalls for you Spinal Tap fans) and that was a rare & unique treat. If the voice of Smithers likes a restaurant then it is only a matter of time before Mr. Burns scoops this place up.Great happy hour (half priced drinks and $1 raw oysters).  Delicious shrimp n grits (although I think they were called something else on the menu) and my colleague had the étouffé.  I would've given them 5 stars but our waiter disappeared mid meal and never returned - there was never an explanation.  We ultimately had to flag down a random waiter for our check.  NOT cool.Caveat: we went to Luke during Mardi Gras. Luke was my first John Besh experience. We were excited to enjoy a late dinner after the parades and were hoping to enjoy some oysters. Enjoy some oysters, we did. Unfortunately, our service left a lot to be desired. Our waiter was inattentive and did not seem to know much about the menu, which was disappointing as we found it a bit daunting. We worked out what we were going to order and from there on out, things were not awesome. Our food and drinks came in a baffling order. We received our oysters first, then our drinks, then a burger, then salad and gumbo. This would have been fine if there was a minute break between each part of the meal, but unfortunately it was more like 10 minutes.The worst part of the meal was the bibb lettuce salad I ordered. When I received the salad, it was made of brown romaine. I was so baffled that I asked the waiter if it was the right salad. He had no idea, so I just requested a cup of gumbo to match the 3 other cups of gumbo at our table. The waiter returned 5 minutes later without gumbo. They had run out...what? We eventually had a bus boy track down our waiter to get the check, which included the salad. Our waiter took the salad off but never seemed to acknowledge that anything out of the ordinary had happened during our meal. On the way out, we overheard two waiters talking about how desperate they were for Mardi Gras to be over. As someone who has experience Mardi Gras more than once, I can understand how it would be a nightmare for a service employee. For this, I give Luke a bit of a pass for the awful service. Overall, with the exception of the salad, the food was quite good. If you have the money, I would pick August over Luke, but Luke still provides a nice place to eat.Went here when in NOLA on a business trip... we were lucky to get reservations for brunch and ran over! I didn't take a look at the menu since were just excited to get a John Besh restaurant spot. So i didn't realize this (and pretty much any place in NOLA) is not so vegetarian friendly! I ordered the pancakes which were delicious! My friends ordered all sorts of meat heavy things-- a burger, shrimp and grits (he said it was one of the best meals of his life, and he's a foodie), and oysters. Everyone loved their food. Service was solid, and we stayed and chatted for quite some time with no pressure to leave from the staff (i'm from NYC so that was huge). If I were a meat eater, I'd be running back to this place. As a vegetarian, not so much.We went here for brunch on Sunday before the final Saints game.  We made reservations for  a party of 6 -- and we all had different items from the Brunch menu.  I had the Southern Breakfast and was able to substitute their hash browns from the grits -- fabulous option!  My daughter also had this and she was able to get a fruit cup instead of potatoes -- and the cup was filled with berries (blue, straw and black) and melons (cantaloupe and honeydew) which was a wonderful choice for her.  We had a burger at the table as well as the eggs in a jar -- it was exactly as others have described.  I would recommend this restaurant for anyone who is visiting the city of New Orleans.  A bit pricy -- but for Sunday Brunch -- well worth it!Solid food. The gumbo was the best I tried in New Orleans (and I tasted many: most come in a tiny cup for about $8, but the bowl here is reasonably large for the same amount). The burger was pretty tasty and the salads were also good. Everything here was pleasing and on-point. The condiments (like Heinz ketchup) come in adorable personal sizes. The service was very pleasant. Make a reservation though, the wait can get pretty crazy (2 hours on a Saturday night). The best thing about Lüke (aside from the random umlaut in the name), is the happy hour. 50 cent oysters and 1/2 price fancy cocktails? So amazing. 5+ stars for the happy hour. Do yourself a favor and go to happy hour here ASAP.I went here for breakfast/brunch on a Sunday morning. Service was great and it wasn't packed. We had a group of 6 and they were able to seat us right away. The menu was small and didn't have a ton of options but they had the breakfast basics and everything was of the highest quality. With some picky eaters and 2 vegetarians in the group the limited menu still had something for everyone.  I highly recommend the jalapeño grits. Not spicy but great flavor!A group of 8 of us went Friday night.  OMG.  We were able to snag a private room which was great.  The food was absolutely outstanding...from the oysters, to the bread & butter, to the crabcake OMG to the shrimp & grits.  (Heaven)  I would reccomend this place to anyone who loves a great meal.Absolutely love this place! The crab bisque soup was amazing. The service was spectacular. The manager even sent over champagne and shots and bread pudding for my birthday. Couldn't have asked for a better experience. Wish I could give this place 10 stars!Holy crap this place was delicious. I had visited New Orleans for a Bachelorette Party weekend, and this place was walking distance from our hotel, and also from the French Quarter. I had the "Crab in a Jar", which is soft shell crab over jalapeno cheesy grits and a poached egg. The soft shell crab was perfectly crispy, and the grits were really fattenfully (if that's even a word) good.  Eating the crispy crab, with the runny poached egg was delicious - I'm going to have to bring that into my kitchen. Though, I had a friend's shrimp n' grits, and those definitely won if the two grits battled. The waiter was really helpful - definitely knew the menu and had great recommendations. I was there with 8 girls, and everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meals.If I went back - I'd definitely get the Crab In a Jar again!After a long weekend in NOLA we first discovered the hidden gem "Killer PoBoys" inside Emily Rose bar, that was out of this world. For our last dinner decided to eat at LÜKE which was in the bottom floor of the Hilton where we were staying. I don't remember the name but my meal came with the Pork Shank, Bratwurst, Pork Belly & Potatoes on a bed of sauerkraut. It was superb!!! I'm not one for sauerkraut but all the flavor a worked very well to make for a delicious meal. My girlfriend got the Shrimp and Grits to which she said was the best Shrimp and Grits she's had. Definitely recommend this place. Not to mention we has gone in around 10:30pm and they closed at 11:00pm the staff was still super friendly and attentive even though we were late. Our server was very knowledgable on the menu and made great recommendations. Thumbs up all around!50 cent oysters during happy hour? Need I say more? Get yo ass down to Luke's between 3pm - 6pm!If I were writing this based on my dinner experience, it'd be 4 stars, but we went back for brunch the next day.Dinner:GREAT happy hour, we had 3 dozen oysters. The place was clean, efficient, and really good. Shawn (female) was on the ball!Pros:Happy hour drink prices. Oysters were divine (I had the P&J)Cons:I ordered the express, which was rabbit sausage with mustard sauce and noodles...mediocre at best.Breakfast:Service was slow as Hell compared to the night. Everyone around us was getting agitatedPros:Eggs in a jar was so unique I actually took a photo of it.Cons:Menu was tiny, a mimosa special would help this place out.The only reason that I did not give Luke a 5 was the service was slow even with 2 servers helping us.  The food was good, not amazing where you think about it for a week.  But decent where you do not leave thinking it was a waste of money.My sis ordered the steak (Does not eat anything that swims.) and I had the pasta with shrimp and blue crab.  The pasta had a kick and was not a large portion where you have to run around the block a few times after to burn it off.The bread pudding was yummy and had a good mix of flavors.So good I came here twice in my short stint in NOLA! The first time I came in the evening by myself, sat at the bar and really enjoyed chatting up the staff while devouring their shrimp and grits with seasonal vegetables on the side. The veggies here are not overlooked--the carrots were turned beautifully, and the variety of veg on the plate was such a pleasant surprise. Dessert, as is apparently becoming my fancy, was bread pudding. Luke's was as good as it gets.The sauce with the shrimp and grits was dark, thick, layered and delicious. It wasn't just heavy, which would've been too much in concert with the cheese grits. It was a perfect compliment.Next time I'm in NOLA, I will go out of my way to come back.So I read all the reviews and decided to give this place a try to see what the hype was all about. I just got back from lunch and couldn't wait to write this review. I had lunch reservation for a later time but thought I'd try my luck and see if they could seat me sooner. I got there just in time before the lunch rush and was seated right away. My server was really nice and pleasant and I was quick to decide my lunch selection; I went with the Friday express lunch special the court bouillon which came with your choice of soup. My server recommended the crab bisque and that is what I ordered. I was seated in a corner seat with the view of the kitchen which was quite interesting. They were very good at getting the orders out quickly. I think the Friday special was a favorite as I practically saw one at every table. They brought out warm bread with butter first and then came the bisque. Needless to say, I quickly put my phone down and started savoring the soup as the aroma was very appetizing. This soup was divine. I didn't leave a drop of soup behind and the crab meat in it was perfectly sweet. Then, a few minutes later came out the "Court-bouillon" with redfish, crab, shrimp, oysters and Louisiana popcorn rice. I would say this was one of the best seafood dish I have ever tasted. I enjoyed my meal so much that I am contemplating going back there for dinner. If you are here, you must try this dish served only on Friday's. There was another table in front of me where a couple was seated and they received very special treatment by two men who were dressed in suits and looked like the managers of the establishment. Another table next to me with two men, were served a complimentary dessert on the house! Leads me to believe they are very serious about their regular customers unless of course they were family.Food is not good. We ordered Fois Gras and the toasted bread along with it came cold and old. Roasted chicken dish was oily and not tasty at all. One good thing about the place is service, but I won't come back for that.Delish grits,  wonderful french bread, would like yo go back for din!Yum! Liked it so much we had to go back for brunch. Both lunch and brunch were wonderful.I am pretty sure that John Besh is my soul mate.Luke is a more casual and affordable jewel in Besh's empire.There was not a dish on our table that was less than stellar and our table near the kitchen afforded us a view of the talented staff through the glassed in prep area.The folks in my party had the crawfish bisque, beet salad and mussels. All were spectacular. I had the burger, which, may be the best burger I have ever had. No fancy condiments here. Just a personal sized version of the Heintz and Hellman's we know and love. The pomme frites were not the best I have had but I wasn't shy about clearing my plate (or chopping board, as it is served.)The table next to us spent their time gulping down oysters and sparkling wine and they looked to die for.You definitely can't go wrong with Luke.Love this place !!!! Food is absolutely amazing , great service except for Erin ( female server) . Hence minus one star. We know she is more senior than VUSI but she did not serve us at all except to pour our water , introduce herself and hand us the check.  Would you call that service.??? She was not even friendly to us at all but to the other table she was.  Was it because I'm Filipino??? The other table didn't even order as much as we did and she was joking around with them.  But VUSI was truly helpful and offered excellent, excellet service. We love Him!!!Tips:Order the foie gras and Mangalista pork, ask for fresh bread to go with your oysters and try the French 75 and their Riesling.John Besh - if you are reading this, please take care of VUSI. In terms of Erin, you might want to reevaluate her performance and attitude towards her customers. Anyway, the food is outstanding and love, love, love the fresh oysters.  You might wanna get a different Malbec since the one you are offering by the glass doesn't taste like the Malbec I have had  in Argentina . It is lacking some spice.Besides all the little mishaps, we came back here three days in a row. That is how much we loved this place.I am smitten with Lüke.During our whirlwind weekend in New Orleans, we tried to experience the whole gamut of N'awlins food. Everything was amazing, but Lüke was definitely my fave. A John Besh restaurant, Lüke pays homage to the grand old French and German brasseries that were once hugely popular in New Orleans. A mix of casual yet classy, modern yet vintage, with Southern hospitality ever present and food and drinks that delight the senses. I was floored.While everything on the menu looked tantalizing, three out of four of us decided to get their daily changing 3-course Express Menu for $23. Best decision ever. I had crawfish bisque as my soup selection, and it was fantastic - a yummy little crawfish with its tiny head poking out of a delicious pool of flavorful bisque. The Friday dinner special was a Redfish "Court-Bouillon" with crab, shrimp, oysters and rice served in a skillet. The generous portions of seafood tasted so fresh, and the cajun sauce was so delicious that I polished off my entire plate with my bread. For dessert, we had Brendan's bread pudding with vanilla bean ice cream and hot buttered pecan sauce which was heaven in a bowl. Bread pudding is my favorite dessert, and Lüke surely blew away my tastebuds with it. And all this for ONLY $23!!Lüke's classic New Orleans cocktails were also made to perfection. The French 75, St. Charles Streetcar and Sazerac were all wonderful.Lüke really set the bar high for our dining experiences in New Orleans, but fortunately, we had many more wonderful ones to follow. A MUST VISIT. Your tastebuds will thank you for it.Being an oyster fiend[1], I was allured into giving Luke a try on a warm Sunday in early September.Given the choice, I always prefer to seat at the bar, and the bar is absolutely gorgeous, with dark wood and wonderful decorative columns. Also, check out the beautiful tin pressed ceiling. Overall the atmosphere is that of a refined, yet casual (if a bit detached), brasserie. Mid-afternoon there seemed to be mainly business people here, but I wonder what the ambiance is like in the evening.For drinks, I asked the bartender to pick one of the local beers on tap, and I was given a glass of Luke Fru blond lager ($6.5). I don't do lager[2], and I wish I was given Luke Amber Alt instead. The draft menu, albeit limited, includes two of my favorite beers: Maredsous tripel ale ($9.50) and Aventinus dopplebock ale ($8).Having come here specifically for oyster happy hour (P&J oysters $0.50/ea 3-6pm), we started with a plate of 24 P&J's.  Getting two dozens for two people was, in hindsight, a bit overoptimistic: these oysters are about double the size of your average oyster! However, as it often happens with these mollusks, flavor is inversely proportional to size. Apart from a nice, mineral aftertaste, I found the oysters to be bland, and the meat too soft. This oyster probably gives its best when fried.The entree of the day was fried Mangalitsa pork loin with Belgian waffle, pecan butter, and bacon-apple hash ($15). The dish was impeccably executed: the meat was perfectly fried on the outside, and nice and tender on the inside; the presentation in a skillet was quite pleasing. Overall, however, the dish was rather heavy[3], and skewed towards a dominance of sweet notes that I found, at times, overpowering.Nice, solid place. The food is a bit heavy, but portions are generous and prices decidedly reasonable.-----------------------------------[1] And being a cheap ass, you may add.[2] My bad for not telling the bartender.[3] This meat already has about double the marbling of average pork.Dear John,I know I've been terribly neglectful but sometimes life gets in the way. Thank you for welcoming me back with open arms. It was everything I'd hoped it would be.Awesome NOLA Yelper Rene D. and i partook of your Happy Hour on Tuesday. We had :Martinis - one of the best Lemontinis EVERRaw Oysters - well...Rene had these. Remember that Friends episode when Joey campared raw oysters to boogers? I just can't put those in my mouth.MartinisSeafood and corn bisque - yummoMartinisFlammenkuche - thin crispy tart with caraway emmenthaler cheese, thick chunks of a hickory smoked bacon (this remined me of pork belly but I don't want to think about animal parts right now) and carmelized onions. This could easily be dinner for two.  and still more Martinis.We had such a good time and I almost fell off my barstool - not from the booze (although honestly it could have been cause we did some serious liver damage) but because the check was so low I couldn't believe it. Wow. Good thing I don't live in NOLA or I would weigh a TON because I would be on that barstool every night!But John, the best part was when you entered the room, welcoming me with open arms. yelp.com/biz_photos/GBTP…  I still tingle at the thought of your touch. Rene and I both love you and were happy to share your attention. That's what good friends are for...But I'm getting ahead of myself. Hit town on Sunday - GO SAINTS - and this was my first stop. I was a little surprised how small the restaurant is, but it was full and everyone was having fun. Had hubby with me, and man was he grumpy. He said from the traveling, but I think it's because he knows how I feel about you and is jealous.I had a soft shell crab sammy (as Rachel Ray would say) and it was TO DIE FOR. Hubby had pancakes. They were OK, and he enjoyed them. They didn't get a round of applause from me. but I'm not into pancakes. The waitress was just not that into us...she was neglectful. She even brought the check without asking about dessert. that's a no-no. You know how I am about your bread pudding. Nobody does it like you, and this version is my personal fave (hubby prefers Besh Steakhouse).I left stuffed and satisfied in every way, just beginning my NOLA adventure which I nicknamed "Besh Tour".  Oh, yes, you'll be hearing more from me...I'm just getting started.Love,Libby**JOHN BESH IS MY HERO**Seriously. This man knows n'awlins food. Service was very good. Staff was nice, friendly, but not over the top. Ambiance was French-Bistro-ish, but with a touch of New Orleans flair. Can get loud; especially on the weekend.I decided to take advantage of their *EXPRESS MENU* which is their prix fixe offerings of cup of soup, their specialty entree of that day, and dessert for $23.Had the following:(1) Seafood gumbo a la creole - Can I get a *WOW*, please. Incredible stuff. Flavors, balance, ingredients worked out perfectly inside my mouth.(2) Redfish "court-bouillon" with crab, shrimp, oysters and rice - Tasted similar to the seafood gumbo, but has more OOOMPH. Generous seafood chunks and the amazing sauce had me soaking it all up with the leftover table French bread.(3) Bread pudding - Tasted like a pecan pie disguised as a bread pudding.  Which was beyond amazing since I am a dessert freak.One of the best meals for $23. Come on. I almost felt bad (that guilt only lasted maybe 2 seconds).Cocktails are also fantastic. Try the French 75 ($9.25) or the St. Charles Streetcar ($9), both have champagne and tasted so lovely with the crazy humidity.HIGHLY RECOMMEND the EXPRESS MENU and their refreshing cocktails.This was a really lovely meal. The atmosphere is beautiful in the ground floor of the Hilton on St. Charles which a cornerstone says used to be a Masonic Temple back in the 1920s.The inlaid wood floor is beautiful and it wasn't too loud (partly the wood floor I'm sure), The service was attentive and helpful (I joked to my New Orleans native dad that the waiter might've been putting on his sugary accent... :-)Anyway on to the food. I started with gulf oysters which were delicious and briny and on the half shell. MMMMM. Fresh and large and reasonably priced ($8 for half dozen).I then had one of the best pieces of steak (billed as Entrecote or ribeye) I've had in a long time. Perfectly cooked and absolutely tender. It was really something. Served with thin shoestring fries (my favorite) and bernaise sauce. Fantastic. My mother had the veal and my father had a seafood pasta dish and both were quite nice. The little batons of bread were also delicious. My only minor complaint was that they came out late (someone had clearly forgotten them).All in all a wonderful meal and not expensive especially for what you're getting.Thank you Luke Restaurant for a fabulous dinner thus making my first trip to New Orleans a memorable one. I had heard about Luke Restaurant and the $.50 P&J Oysters for happy hour (3-6p everyday) from Yelpers before I traveled to NOLA this past weekend and decided that I had to try this place before I left. I love raw oysters, but being from Houston, the closest thing we get to fresh raw oysters are those from Galveston... and I'm not into the whole "flesh-eating-bacteria" thing. Needless to say, I try to avoid food poisoning from some of the seafood on our end of the Gulf. Luke... OH LUKE RESTAURANT. (Must still be the aphrodisiacs talking). Ha. My boyfriend and I came to Luke's with every intention to order the $.50 oysters and cocktails for happy hour (3-6pm everyday). However, after perusing the menu we saw Luke's "le plateau de fruits de mer" and had to order it. This platter is like a seafood heaven for seafood lovers. We started with two bloody mary's, ordered a bunch of seafood, and ended the night with a cappuccino and hot tea. The bloody mary's were good and the best part, is they were half price! Their cocktail menu features drinks ranging from their take on the peach bellini to stronger beverages of choice like scotch or french75's. Luke's has a cocktail menu that should please all high class taste buds. Now onto the main meal, picture this; a two-level tower exquisitely displaying 12 plump raw oysters, 8 huge shrimp, 5 clams, 12 sweet mussels, Alaskan King crab legs, dungeonous crab legs/body & squid/octopus ceviche with lemons, and saltines scattered around this goodness all for $58. Was it worth it? Absolutely. Not only did we completely pig out on this tower, but we also ordered a half dozen baked/roasted oysters (A MUST TRY for anyone who loves oysters). Let's start with the raw oysters, these things were gigantic and so fresh. No grimy fishy taste and we slurped these up without hesitation. The baked oysters were fantastic. I can't even find the words to describe them, they've got this lightly salted, buttery, bread crumb topping and the oysters are baked to perfection. Their texture is still reminiscent of a raw oyster, but without all the "slime/juice." And, they're hot hot hot fresh outta the oven. Yum! The Alaskan King crab legs were not salty at all (which is a very good thing in my books). I hate it when king crab legs taste like saltwater, these crab legs at Luke had the fresh sweet taste of crab not compromised by seasonings or salt and I'm a huge fan. In fact, I'm dreaming about this whole meal as I speak. If you're only in NOLA for a day and need some good food and drinks, come to Luke for happy hour. Or in our case, venture off the HH menu and order something from their main dinner menu. There is only one restaurant that I will purposely take a 3.5 hour road trip to go and eat at but with the addition of Luke restaurant being added onto that list, it looks like I'll be driving back and forth from Houston to NOLA a lot more often! Bon appetit!08/12/2011 - 11:25 amOn my way back to pack around 10:45 am I saw Lüke and checked out the Lunch Menu.  Inquired the Hostess of Lunch hours and she told me it's ready when I am.  Same was said when I was at P&G which was weird as if New Orleans early-open restaurants have Breakfast/Lunch hours intertwined.  I'll dropped by after when my Breakfast dissipates.Back soon after to have the same welcoming Hostess show me the way to my table.  Btw, I was in my city-sporty-casual gear lugging a carry-on and they welcomed me just the same.  Brasserie setting reminds me of Manhattan, NY but the big windows allow for plenty of natural light to flow.  The Vintage Pulley-and-Belt driven Ceiling Fan weren't rotating but cool to see nonetheless.The initial attraction I saw in the Morning was their Daily Lunch Special($15.00) and as it was Friday, Seafood was the deal.  Mint Julep($8.50) was strong on Bourbon weak on Mint/Cane Syrup.  Rookie mistake, I should've let the ice melt to mellow the alcohol down.  Oh well, better for the Flight home.Seafood Gumbo a la Creole(Cup) - Soup StarterOne sip of the Hot served soup and my mind went haywire.  This was the New Orleans I flew 1,300 Miles to find and I didn't even dig into the Seafood ingredients yet.  My photos might be a bit blurred because my instincts wanted to take a photo while my mind just said WTF you waiting for?  Looks to be Andouille Sausage, Okra, plump Gulf Oysters and Rice added to the mix.  I even found a tiny Pearl in an Oyster, Jackpot!  Too bad this wasn't Harrahs.Redfish "Court-Bouillon" with Crab, Shrimp, Oysters and Rice - MainServed on cast-iron plate, it served the same plump Gulf Oysters, Shrimp, Blue Crab Claws in a thick consistency Bouillon while the Redfish was hidden underneath the Rice still cooking(slash overcooking) but flaky.  Not as exciting as Gumbo but healthy Meal portion, good value considering all Seafood served.I left happily and it helped that my Waiter was playful with conversation for the extent of my Meal, checked on me plenty looking like a person satisfied with his customer service position at Lüke's.New Orleans Saints season opener.  Go Saints!Lüke is one of my go-to restaurants for a nice lunch or a casual (yet upscale) dinner. It is in the John Besh Restaurant Group, a French bistro with German influences (an homage to Kolb's, a long-standing German restaurant that was located in the CBD). Lüke is moderately priced and offers something for all tastes (as long as you are not a vegetarian, but it is pescetarian friendly). The prices for lunch and dinner are similar, so it is an even better value for dinner than lunch.My favorite item on the menu is the Lüke burger- with Emmenthaler cheese, bacon, caramelized onions lettuce, tomato. This burger is HUGE- do not hesitate to split with another diner. The burger is accompanied with thin crispy fries served in a mint julep cup. If you split the burger, they will bring each diner his/her own cup! I used to work close to Lüke, so I have eaten this burger too many times to count. It is my favorite hamburger in New Orleans.Another favorite item on the menu is the flamenküche- a thin tarte with caramelized onions, Emmenthaler cheese, and bacon. This Alsacien onion tarte satisfies all cravings- it is crispy, salty, sweet, creamy, and cheesy. It is a perfect appetizer to split among two people during happy hour, or between several people prior to a meal. Other starters of note are the paté of Louisiana rabbit and duck livers (brought in a small glass mason jar) and the slow poached yard egg salad.I have enjoyed many other items on Lüke's menu, many of which are ideal for seafood lovers: the fresh gulf fish (my preference is served meunière), the crabmeat ravioli, and the moules et frites are all great choices. Lüke has great daily specials. The Friday special, a redfish "court-bouillon" (a seafood stew served with rice) is my favorite and an excellent rendition of this classic Louisiana dish. There is also an extensive "raw bar" selection if you enjoy cold, fresh seafood.Lüke also has an interesting wine selection (served in juice glasses, reminiscent of how people once enjoyed wine in their homes) and fantastic cocktails. If you enjoy bellinis, don't miss Lüke's champagne au peche. Also, Lüke serves the best French 75 in New Orleans- a perfect combination of cognac, lemon juice, and champagne, garnished with a brandied cherry. Lüke's happy hour is a well-kept secret-  1/2 price drinks and .50 oysters from 3-6. Their oysters are always of exceptional quality- typically Louisiana oysters when available.Whether you are visiting New Orleans or a local, Lüke is an excellent dining option.I shared half-dozen shrimp and half-dozen raw oysters with a companion.  They were very fresh and came with four delicious dipping sauces.I then ordered the sausage trio (which our waiter recommended in lieu of the mussels with fries and was very good), and my companion had the veal (good).Had two alcoholic beverages each -- I had their house lager (Luke; blonde) and my companion had a cocktail.Overall, not bad.  Polished service and tasty food.  A bit pricey for a restaurant inside a Hilton, but understandable given what we ordered.Greeted almost immediately upon seating by my friendly server - a young man who managed what appeared to be the entire front room without difficulty and maintained the demeanor of someone trained under the Thomas Keller Empire - the service would be perfect throughout.  Bread was timely, coffee and water refills spot on, plate descriptions accurate thorough, and all done with a friendly down-to-earth demeanor and a smile.  Going over the daily special with me I was left to decide while he went to get my coffee.Listening to the room - lively but not loud despite the parade going by in the street - I labored over the menu for some time because everything sounded quite good - essentially bistro fare with a southern twist.  Returning with the coffee - a great thick blend with a bit of chicory but more prominently cocoa notes (I'm rather certain the same as that at August) I decided to go with the "express lunch" special - a $15 soup and main combo plus an added appetizer.  Smiling my server told me I'd made a great choice and slipped away to serve his other tables.Arriving shortly after my order was placed - yet another crispy and golden French loaf, this time served with a delightful and grassy salted butter.  While the bread was not quite as delicious as that at Clancy's it was my second favorite of the trip and the butter put it over the top - thankfully I limited myself to just the one loaf because it turns out Luke's "deal" lunch is not for the faint of heart (or stomach.)Arriving first, my soup - the daily special of crawfish bisque.  Clearly tomato and cream based with heavy spicing and ample crawfish the dish was unlike any bisque I've ever tasted, but certainly not a gumbo either.  Loaded with chunks of fresh crawfish and spicy without being "hot" I liked the bisque and as it would turn out (oddly) to be my only experience with crawfish on the trip I was glad I'd chosen it even though I likely would have preferred the daily gumbo.My second dish, an addition to the prix fixe, was the Foie Gras - quite frankly, if a place is offering a terrine of Foie I'm probably going to order it.  Presented elegantly this terrine proved not only good, but exemplary.  Featuring a thick cut of slow cooked terrine painted on all sides with a Gewürztraminer reduction, topped with micro greens and a coarse sea salt, and drizzled with thick and sweet balsamic I can favorably compare this $16 preparation to the $30 supplemented version served at The French Laundry - though it wasn't quite as airy or delicate.   Served with toasted brioche (I was brought more on request) and beautifully textured I would strongly recommend any fan of cold foie to visit Luke for the experience.Arriving next was the daily special - having looked at the menu I was surprised when it arrived because I expected a sandwich...but the surprise was the good kind...the really good kind.  In describing their cochon du lait prep my server told me how the slow roast pork is reduced down similar to pulled pork and then "rehydrated" with a dairy, onion, and garlic reduction (plus the chef's special spices) and then pan fried crispy on top.  If that description doesn't do it for you - try it...almost a sweet yet creamy pork meatloaf with a crispy and salty skin akin to pork belly.  Accompanying the pork on the plate were not only the advertised stewed greens and vinegar laden cherry mustard, but also a hefty helping of cornbread dressing.  Call it bistro food, call it soul food, call it comfort food - I call it one of the most unexpectedly delicious dishes I've had in some time.Asking me if I was interested in dessert I told him I didn't even need the menu - just bring the bread pudding.Arriving about 15 minutes later as I read a complimentary copy of the New York Times the bread pudding was an absolute masterpiece - the best traditional bread pudding I've ever tasted.  Described simply as cinnamon raisin bread pudding with vanilla bean ice cream and hot buttered pecan sauce the complexities of the dish were astounding for a bread pudding - piping hot with the smooth and creamy ice cream slowly melting the bread pudding itself was marvelous in custard/bread ratio and the sauce had minimal alcoholic kick while instead focusing on notes of caramel, pecan, cinnamon, and what may have even been honey.  Having had a whole lot of bread pudding in my time this was undoubtedly my favorite non-chocolate version to date.This review is for the HAPPY HOUR only.Lum had a chance to leave early from work so we decided to take advantage of the opportunity and actually make it in time for a happy hour special.  Hard to pass up on $0.50 oysters and half-off drinks, amirite? Fun new fact, at least for me: P&J oysters (the ones offered for Luke's happy hour) are from a local oyster shucking company in New Orleans. I still have so much to learn about this city.FOOD: Oyster heaven (at least in quantity).Over the course of our stay, the two of us ordered six-dozen oysters. The majority of them were on the smaller side, but thats probably more a result of the oil spill ramifications than anything else. However, what Luke can control is the amount of water still left in the shells. To an extent, all oysters will have some water residue as a result of cleaning, but these were literally soaked in water to the point where slurping the oysters down wasn't really an option since you'd get a mouthful of liquid to go with them. On the plus side, they were very clean. I was also hoping for another sauce besides the basic cocktail and horseradish, but it wasn't as big of a deal as the water issue.Lum's mint julep was definitely on the strong side so depending on your drinking preferences this can be a positive or negative. Luke has a couple in-house brews available as well, and the Luke Fru (blonde) I tried was actually pretty decent as far as blondes go: "wheat-ie" taste, smooth finish.SERVICE: Professional but absent-minded and over-extended.Our server was nice, engaging, quick with jokes, and seemed like he knew what he was doing. The problem was that it looked like he was the only server for the entire front room so it took awhile to get anything from him. Even when he seemed like he had a spare moment it was almost impossible to get his attention. Case in point, I was more than willing to order at least another drink or two and another two dozen oysters from him, but with all the long waits in-between service (drink sitting empty 15 minutes, finished oysters on table 10 minutes) happy hour was unfortunately over and we had other engagements. From my viewpoint, it looks like they need more staff.While the staffing issue is pretty much uncontrollable by the staff on the floor, short-changing customers on oysters is not. Good thing I counted our oyster orders because we were short four on the first order of two dozen. That's pretty unacceptable, but kudos to our server for taking care of it and adding the missing ones to our next order.ATMOSPHERE: Like stepping back in time.I like it. Newspapers hanging from wood poles at different sections of the restaurant, cherry wood everywhere, hunting trophy head over the bar, sweet bar stools. With the music playing overhead it felt like a scene from Boardwalk Empire. It's one of those restaurants where someone could have a nice relaxing meal but it wouldn't seem out of place to see higher-society types getting a little boisterous. Noise suits Luke.RELATIVITY: How does it compare to expectations and other restaurants in its class?Slightly not as good as expected, especially when considering the class of restaurant that Luke is embracing.  One glance at their regular dinner menu and it's clear what type of clientele they are catering to and what style of dining they're wanting to provide. The quality didn't match up with the expectations, I guess.OVERALL: Three stars overall, no bonus for relativity.This is probably one of the best happy hour deals you're going to see in the city value-wise, but if a place wants to convince me to come back for a dinner experience then even the nitty-gritty parts of happy hour should be up to snuff. I guess based on Luke's pedigree, I expected better-prepared oysters and a bit better service than what we received.Great oyster happy hour. Some entrees are "German" inspired...  more like New Orleans food wearing a lederhosen.. Great apps though, hence the three stars.I spent a great birthday happy hour here with the usual suspects last week. Our server was attentive, fast, and funny (albeit non-intentionally). The martinis were fantastic and the oysters were fresh, fresh, fresh! But...take it to the bridge!Pros:Service - wonderfulBar options - excellentNo waiting!Oysters on the 1/2 shell? Tasty, tasty, with no BP aftertaste.Cons:The shucker removed perhaps 4 out of 12 of the oysters from their shell. Not the seamless experience I wanted, and it stopped me from ordering an additional dozen. I was also surprised there wasn't a different type of dipping sauce, like a mignonette offered. I'm happy to make my own cocktail sauce, but I was surprised...The gumbo? For me, it was odd - all roux, with not much seafood, chicken or sausage. And, rice seemed like a practice batch of risotto was used - it was gummy and crunchy.I'm ready to go back and get more oysters, but maybe with a different shucker working....I am a HUGE fan of John Besh and was excited to try Luke with my husband. I will say that the food was good but oversalted. :( We split the flamenkuche for an appetizer. It was very delicious but I was surprised it was not hot at all and room temp which meant to me that it was made ahead of time? Still, it was very tasty. I had the shrimp and grits which was very tasy but again, OVERSALTED. My husband had the Jagerschnitzel which was tasty but again OVERSALTED. He raved about the mushroom sauce. Our drinks were *fine* and water was refilled by the ancillary server/bus person. I thought the service was REALLY bad. I am in the hospitality business and I forgive a LOT of bad service but this server was clearly having a bad day. She had 3 tables and she was so short. When I asked about the fish of the day, it was a short - "it's a white fish". Ok... The two gentlemen next to us waited over 25 minutes for oysters and had to flag down the ancillary server again to find out where they were. Everyone has a bad day but her short and almost rude service ruined the experience for me. We didn't get dessert because we were disgusted by the service. I certainly expected a lot and was not disappointed in the food but food is only part of the experience and the bad service really soured this experience for me. I never even saw a manager to complain. Hopefully if we get another opportunity to try another John Besh restaurant we will have a better experience.Went for Happy hour Oysters,  which were phenomenal,   especially for 50c a piece. Ended up having Venison & Wild Boar pistachio Foie Gras. and Oh ...My...God.... very reasonable price for dimensional Cuisine. Our waiter, Kaiser,  was a doll, and I would love to be seated in  his section again when we go back...and we will. A lot.Luke is a great place for brunch. The newspapers on the walls as you come give it a bustling homey feeling and the ambience in general is down to earth and classic. My boyfriend had the shrimp and grits, while I enjoyed the eggs in a jar: creamy delicious grits, succulent fried soft shell crab, a subtle hollandaise and perfectly poached eggs. Everything in this dish is outstanding. I nearly couldn't finish it.The dish of the day can run out though, so go earlier rather than later!Amazing!!! Happy hour $.50 oysters were huge and delicious. Also the jumbo shrimp and grits is the best meal in New Orleans.I went on a gumbo binge during one weekend; traveling all over town trying as much gumbo as I can. This is the best of what I've tried so far. The only place better was at a friends house. My friend ordered the duck which was super tasty. I had the mussels because on a previous trip, I envied the mussels that she had, and they were just as good as I remember them. The only unfortunate thing was that half of them had some sand in it. *sad face*. But the staff was really nice and made sure that we were stocked on bread so I could dip it in the butter sauce from the mussels.Luke, you had me at 50 cent oysters. Not only are they 50 cents, they are big, beautiful, fresh, and delicious. The happy hour (3pm-6pm) is enough to bring me back.We arrived 5 minutes early for a 6pm reservation and were seated right away.  The server was awesome and immediately came over to inform us that we could still get in on happy hour if we ordered drinks/oysters right then.After oysters, we had the assortment of charcuterie which included pate, hog's head cheese, savory marmalade, mustard, and assorted pickles.  All of it was amazing. (Seriously, when did I become someone who likes pate?)For entrees we had the pork shank and the roasted duck. The pork shank was fantastic although serving it with a bratwurst was a little over the top.  My only criticism about the duck is the salt from the confit seemed a little overpowering, but overall the flavor was really good.If you are looking for an excellent meal with impeccable service in a very casual environment,  Luke is your place.Notes:  -There are very few options for non-carnivorous peeps, so keep that in mind.-This is going to be a "splurge" meal....I wouldn't count calories.-Due to its location (attached to the Hilton), expect tourists.50 Cent oyster happy hour and half off drinks from 3-6PM at a John Besh restaurant.50 Cent oyster happy hour and half off drinks from 3-6PM at a John Besh restaurant.You need to know more than this? Fine.This is a delightful spot with a nice atmosphere and unbeatable happy hour. I gorged myself on bivalves and experienced some dishes from a pretty awesome chef.Jumbo Louisiana shrimp "en cocotte" - Excellent. This is shrimp and grits done very, very right. Yes, the portion is a little bit small but the flavor is rock and roll.Crawfish bisque - very good.The booze - at half price, awesome. I was a big fan of the St. Charles Streetcar and the Sazerac.The only miss for me was the Duck and Rabbit pate. The best things about this item were the relish/pickles/pickled watermelon that it came with. The pate itself tasted like hanging out with old people who aren't family.Great service from Robert. Amazing shrimp and grits. Awesome desserts. The star that's missing is both for it being slightly over priced for quantity (which is to be expected from John Besh) and for the lack of selection for brunch. But I'll go back for dinner sometime and give it a shot.This is one of those situations where it's probably best that I didn't pop in here with a dining companion...one who no doubt would have had to listen to a semi-tragic rendering of ill-advised Star Wars verses. It's a cool restaurant, though. I wandered in during the first half of the first pre-season game the Saints have played since winning the Super Bowl last year, and that must have had some impact on the crowd, as the room was busy but not overly so: the bartenders chatted casually with one another behind the counter as I bellied up, ordered a Schneider Weiss and Steak Frites and settled in. My food hit the spot in front of me in a reasonable period of time, and as I'd been too busy to eat well that day, just in time. The service wasn't the friendliest I encountered in the city, but the food was spot on. When you're craving some French Food, you could definitely do worse than here.I'm the type of person who dislikes the notion of celebrity chefs and the culture of hype, almost to a kind of chronic paranoia.So I was a little skeptical of the great John Besh, whose book we seem to see everywhere around L.A.I have to say, if this place is representative of the type of food he's serving up at all his places, his rep is well-deserved.From the cultured butter, to the insanely good hog's head cheese (think a type of spiced foie gras, but somehow better: we ordered it on a whim), to the cochon de lait, this place was simply incredible.FIRST PLACE, RESTAURANT TOUR 2009Along with Dante's Kitchen, this places takes first-place for my "Back Home in New Orleans Restaurant Tour 2009."Or something like that. Oh yes, we'll be back.And apologies for all my puerile, predictable "Besh/Tesh" jokes. I know it's not clever, but I like it.I have a love-hate relationship with Luke.  (Sorry, I don't know how to put umlau's in my reviews so you'll just have to suffer through my referring it Luke.)The interior is gorgeous, with the high-ceilings and the classic tile floors.  I love those little tiles--early 20th century architecture is my favorite.  The place has very classic Arts and Crafts vibe to it.They do a great job with lunch sandwiches.  The burger is perhaps the best in the city.  Basic bacon cheeseburger, thick but not too thick.  All the ingredients well balanced, juicy, done perfectly and presented on a cutting board.  The fries were nice and salty, shoestrings in a big conical cup.The biggest problem with this place is that although the food is good, more often than not the entrees and appetizers come out completely different from how you would expect them to.  Maybe the menu is just very poorly descriptive, or it's the slipping in of subtle words (in French).  The waiters may be able to help, but seriously, why give me a written menu when you have to explain every dish?I've literally ordered a salad and a chicken entree and had the salad come out with chicken/prosciutto in it (surprise!) and then the entree had a salad with ham sitting on top of it!  They could have sold me on the oyster appetizer instead and I would have been as happy as an oyster--er, clam.Anyway, you know what you are getting with sandwiches and burgers here, so I stick to those.  4-stars there.I personally have not had breakfast here, though a good friend was unimpressed--let's just say look at the menu (prices) before you commit to one.Wow!  Is THIS what it took to get me out of my Yelp coma?!  Seeing as Luke has been the only antidote for my horribly shameful MIA status, I should have ventured over to New Orleans sooner!  Should I ever return to that crazy, pothole infested city, you can bet that I will fall all over myself to eat at Luke again!  First, I must say that our server, Al from NY, was like the BEST server I have ever had EVER!  Major props.  He was extremely attentive, but not stuck up our butts the whole time, you know?  His recommendations were precisely what I hoped for, and he knew to steer us clear of the things we weren't hoping for (ie: the brontosaurus leg sized pork dish that looked delicious on the menu, but when another guy at our table ordered it, I was very grateful that Al took the liberty of suggesting it was probably not a dish fit for a hamster...and he was right).  Anyway, we were all very impressed by the awesome service.  Later, the GM came by to check on us and make sure everything was to our liking.  Affirmative.I had to try the Schneider beer, because well, it's practically my maiden name.  I am happy to report that I taste pretty delicious!  Everyone else's beer that I sampled tasted great too.  It's hard to ever go wrong with beer...especially when it has your name on it!For the entree, I ended up getting the amazingly juicy duck confit with white bean something or other deliciousness with crispy pork belly treasures and the most flavorful sausage I've ever put in my mouth.  Freakin' good!  It had whole pieces of garlic!!!  They sure know how to win my heart!  One thing I noticed is that this place really knows how to cook meat to perfection: fall of the bone, melt in your mouth, juicy and tasty.  I tasted some of my friend's red fish, and it was also a real winner, but in the end I'm glad I committed to the duck confit.  75 dollars later (2 entrees and 2 beers + tax & tip), I left Luke feeling the giddiest I've felt in months.  Completely satisfied, slightly buzzed, a relaxed time with friends and great service makes for a perfect evening.  Life is good.  The only thing I regret is not saving room for dessert.  After stuffing myself silly with their fresh, baguette style bread and butter, entree and sampling friend's dishes, I was more than full...let's not go overboard and then spoil the moment by having to scout out the nearest drugstore for some Tums.Next time...there's always next time!So so so bummed out by our Luke experience. From start to finish, it was a let-down.First, we made reservations way in advance for a Sunday evening for 7 p.m. We made the reservation online, and had email confirmation. When we arrived, we were (angrily) told that we'd missed our 5 p.m. reservations and that they'd need to look to see if they could accommodate us. When we insisted we hadn't missed the reservation and showed them the email confirmation on our phone, we were still rudely told that their system said it was for 5. Not the best beginning...The rest of the meal was similarly just off. We ordered oysters to begin, but they were brought along with our entrees. I ordered the etouffee and my husband had a pork shank dish-  first, the portion sizes were very large, almost overwhelmingly so. Second- the flavors in both our dishes were just off. Mine was very one note and the seafood was overwhelmed by the sauce it was in. My husband said his pork was very one-note as well. Our oysters were tasty but... we would have liked them better before the entrees, as we'd requested.I liked their French 75 cocktail I ordered.I wouldn't go back to Luke.I guess J. Besh' food is not that appealing to my palate. Also his concept of dignified poor folks food (like crispy pigs feet and the pork shoulder that our waiter referred to as "Flinstone meal") did not sound particularly appealing but we decided to be open-minded and to give it a try.Also, for the record, I was raised in Germany and spent a lot of time eating around Europe; Luke did not remind me neither of French brasserie nor of German food.*** 1 dz raw oysters ---- beautiful, plump, delicious. This was my first raw oyster since the BP spill, I might grow an extra limb soon but it was worth it. Excellent horse raddish - creamy and strong.*** Gumbo..... very beautiful dark roux which shows that the cooks have trully mastered it. Flavor, however, was on a very smokey side which was ok with me but it had absolutely nothing to do with the real thing. I would not call it a gumbo. Also, it would be nice to have more seafood in it.**** Crab bisque ----- same base as their so-called "gumbo", just not as smokey thanks to all the cream added to it. Now, where is the crabmeat??? *** The Flinstone meal ---- pork shoulder (could easily feed a family of 3-4) with two bones sticking out, good flavor but nothing spectacular; bratwurst ( too dry), pork belly (crispy but too dry, again) and home-made sauerkraut (too sweet, very much like Bavarian style sauerkraut).Wine ---- I don't remember the exact name but it was very drinkable.I would not consider Luke a must visit if in NOLA place.Time to start my NOLA review barrage!We wanted to check out a John Besh joint while in New Orleans, and Luke and its happy hour had a decent value. Thus it was our first stop immediately upon arrival.Unfortunately, none of us ate raw oyster ($0.50 each from 3-6 pm), so that novelty was lost on us. However, it's half-price drinks, whether at the bar or at a table. Very nice!Luke itself seems like a place that's confused as to whether it's a restaurant or a bar. It ends up coming across a place that looks like a fancy eatery in an amusement park. I think it could fit right in at EPCOT. The service, uniformly, was pretty bad. The hostess had a bit of a pointed attitude when we were picking between table or bar. The bartender completely ignored us when we first sat at the bar. And the waitress, overall, was just average with nary a smile.The food itself is quite delicious. We just missed the lunch menu, but the dinner prices aren't wholly ridiculous when you're just sampling. We started with a dozen jumbo shrimp from the "raw bar," which were huge, well-seasoned, and quite possibly the best seafood we had in New Orleans. That was complemented by a side of frites, well crisped and salted.That was followed by a hearty bowl of gumbo, because, well, we had just made it into New Orleans. And in NOLA, you gotta try the gumbo. The stock was quite tasty, but a bit light on the additionals. We ended with a bockwurst, a truly large portion of wurst that completely stuffed the table and is great value at just $10.On the drink side, the girlfriend went with a streetcar, well made, and I tried the custom-brewed amber. Yup, custom-brewed beers make a nice touch.While the service was unimpressive and the decor was not to my liking, I'm a fan of the food. A 3:00 pm happy hour seems like your best bet (dinner menu starts at 4:00), but if you can't make it, they have a decently priced lunch and brunch menu. I'd skip a normal dinner here and make the reservation at August instead.Well, the day we finally chose to go to Luke, Mos Def was eating there too, so my mind (and eyes) weren't exactly on the food until he nodded & waved as he departed. I swooned a bit and then focused on my birthday meal. I was starving, and someone recommended the onion tart before, so I ordered the Flamen küche without even looking at the menu. Of course, for this reason alone I pronounced it completely different than the menu, plus our server, suggested. My pronunciation did not sound graceful, or tasteful, and so I quickly ordered a glass of Riesling to hide my embarrassment. I really wasn't a big fan of this poorly named tart, the bacon had too much smoky flavor and was a bit grisly. The onions were decent, but you better love them because there are a LOT. These same onions were the most prevalent thing on my husband's burger as well. This includes an onion bun and the same thick, smoky, bacon. So don't order the burger if you got the Flamen küche, it's a little too repetitive. My meal was pretty tasty, I ordered the crab stuffed shrimp with some grilled veggies. They do not skimp on the garlic butter on these, so you may think "look at me, finishing all my veggies!" but I assure you (through greasy lips) that their nutrients are lost in the garlic butter pools. And all of this served with a side of blood orange, hollandaise sauce?? I smothered everything in it. So delicious that I'm still having a tantrum at the fact that it wasn't included in my to-go box. The atmosphere was just perfect however, one shiny star just for the imaginative combination of laid back to fancy. Old timey fans, still preserved on pulleys hang in a row on the old tiled ceiling. The napkins were just old dishrags, mine had a hole! You can't help but peep through it and think, how quaint! Well done, Mr Besh. You managed to combine very professional looking servers, some fresh seafood on display, a very decent happy hour, all while applying the exact same ideas and ingredients as most other places- but with new combinations of serving them! Clever, but not my favorite...Don't order the chicken or Sunday veal. Everything is just thrown and mushed together in a skillet. You can't enjoy the dish's components, and the presentation was very sloppy. The foie gras was given with over buttered, over crisped toast. The wax paper was completely translucent, and you couldn't enjoy the richness of the foie gras. Very Disappointed.This was our biggest disappointment over Christmas in New Orleans. I loved the idea of Alsatian-inspired, but this was overrated. We visited on a Saturday afternoon. I'd heard the fries were great, so I got those early. They were great. Next, I ordered the waiter-recommended shrimp farci. I was mostly happy with what I ordered. My fiance ordered the jagerschnitzel mit spätzle which is served only on Saturdays, is the most Alsatian of all the options and was downright a huge disappointment. Bland and completely overcooked. My mother got the poulet grand mere, also on suggestion from the waiter -- hers was the best of all.I loved the atmosphere -- very Parisian and the service was okay. (Which, actually, is probably bad for New Orleans' standards.) I think the waiter was put out we didn't order champagne at noon but it's not like we stuck with the Mississippi River NOLA bonafide tap water!There are too many other fantastic restaurants in NOLA to waste time here. Go to Cochon instead!We have devolved completely into madness.So we're all like "Screw it, we are (Wo)Men of the World. We are living for today, in this glorious NOW with nothing to hold us back from doing all the things we want to do and We Will Do These Things with flaming torches and galloping horses and clear voices echoing in to the night YES, WE WILL HAVE THE CHARCUTERIE EVEN THOUGH WE HAVE TOTALLY HAD CHARCUTERIE FOR LIKE 3 DAYS IN A ROW! BUT SCREW IT AND ONE MORE MINT JULIP, PLEASE!!"Maybe we should abandon our Best Burger search and refine this shit a bit.  It's starting to look like we should be doing Best damn Charcuterie search.  Because that's what we are doing. We just haven't named it.The best part of the charcuterie?  Relishes. 100% hardcore relish party.  Pickled watermelon rind and pepper relish and house made mustard brought this meats platter from Regular Awesome to Awesome Awesome.  We all ate off each others plates and we all agreed that everyone's meal was totally fantastic.  But, I mean - of course it is.  John Besh has his shit tight.  (also:  dude was THERE that night and came over to say hi to our table and he was really smiley and nice and we were drunk and kinda starry eyed about the whole thing)When we got home later that night Chris said "that butter had no idea how good it was".  I don't know if that butter will ever know how good it was.Quite possibly some of the best food I had in New Orleans. We picked this place originally because it was the only restaurant around that was still open after 11 but the food turned out to be outstanding!Recommend: Fried Oyster, bacon and avocado salad and the crab stuffed shrimp with garlic green beans. So good!I braved Lüke on a cold city night, and was immediately impressed by the warmth of the restaurant. While the bar was surrounded by people, the cosy booth seating made the restaurant feel intimate. The bread and butter served was absolutely delicious - the butter was creamy and soft, and the bread fresh and warm. I ordered the fresh prawns and seasonable vegetables, both of which were fresh and tasty. I would love to have tried the bread pudding.Although I am still trying to figure out how to pronounce "Lüke" because an umlaut is not normally used in the English language, I would say that this restaurant deserves my applause.We actually came in TWICE in one night. First, we figured out that they have an amazing Oyster Bar happy hour, whereas an oyster -- cold, shucked, accompanied with horseradish and cocktail sauce -- is provided to diners for the wholly unbelievable total of $.50. Yes folks, that's FIFTY CENTS.(SIDE NOTE: A table of 6 gentlemen in the dining room were simultaneously enjoying delicious shucked oysters, and they ordered 15 dozen. FIFTEEN DOZEN. 180 OYSTERS. Still amazed by that, as were the sarcastically happy oyster shuckers who kept getting tickets for more oysters by the 3 dozen.)We left, changed into some dress shirts and closed toed shoes, and returned for dinner a mere hour later. Immediately, we were treated with some amazingness in the form of meat:Onion Tart appetizer: Amazingly tasty smoked bacon, emmenthaler swiss, and carmelized onions, baked on top of a thin crispy bread. It was a flavorful combination of cooked items, cheesy and smoky at the same time. Only bad thing was it was overly herbed, as there were lingering flavors of herbness that drowned out the rest. 7 out of 10.Ribeye Steak: 10 ounces of prime beef, perfectly grilled, topped with an herb butter, sided with bernaise and frites. It gets an 8 out of 10, simply because a ribeye should be no smaller that 16 ounces.Pork Shank: RIDICULOUSSAUCE. Must've been cooked for a day before. There is no way the chef gets an order for this fall-off-the-bone amazingness and is able to take it from raw to amazing in 15 minutes. Slow roasted, TENDER, with an amazing sauerkraut underlining and a hidden sausage just under the shank. 10 out of 10.We left in the worst food coma that I may have ever experienced. I actually had to spread out my body, stand up, and stretch in order to BREATHE. I have never been quite so full as I was when I left Lüke, but it is not the food's fault. I. Just. Couldn't. Stop. Eating.A few days ago I decided to give Luke another try (but for lunch this time) because I was in the neighborhood and starving.  I'm glad I did. I've decided that Luke's shining point is NOT brunch... in my opinion, it would be lunch.  Their hostess(es) still lack the ability to be polite but at least their servers pick up the slack for them.  Our server (I would mention his name, but I didn't ask if I could) was incredible, attentive and suggestive. The raw sampler for two was fresh and our server decided to substitute an extra lobster tail (and dozen mussels) to compensate for the lack of raw clams. Thanks for that! For my lunch I had the mussels and frites which were hands down the best I've had to date. I'm glad I decided to give them another shot... eventhough I'll stay clear of their brunch until they begin to disclose what has pork products as an ingredient.Here for a happy hour before dinner.  Bar is tiny.  Was able to get a table. Oysters were a real disappointment...no flavor.  Steamed chocolate cake, on the other hand, was amazingThe atmosphere and the restaurant itself was great, but the food was average at best. I had the burger, which I heard was one of the best, and I didn't think it was that special. I have had "many" burgers that were tastier than this one. The fries would have been good, but the ones they served me were nothing but crumbs. My wife had the shrimp and grits and she said they were good. So that was a positive. Service was average. Out of all the places to eat in NOLA, there are better options elsewhere.My fave John Besh restaurant.  Doesn't hurt it's a stones throw from where I've worked for the past 5 years.  Besh came and totally revamped the space after Colbolt's didn't reopen.  He turned the space into the exact replica of a French bistro.  Their daily lunch special gives you an amazing lunch included with wither soup or salad for $15.00.  They also have a giant $16.00 burger before most other "fancy" places made the addition.  They have a great happy hour too.  I'm a little bias because I love French 75's.  They have nifty to-go cups with Besh branding of all his eateries.  Keep in mind it is connected to a hotel which can pose a problem during football season particualrly when it's a home game.  Regardless, I jump at the chance to eat here every chance I get.  On days I have to work on the weekend, I treat myself to breakfast here.  Why the hell not?!  I'm getting OT.Being a franophile it makes sense that this is my fave Besh restaurant... but that aside, it's pretty freaking bad ass!"Luke, I am your fodder."The weekend getaway to NOLA began here, at the Hilton on St. Charles and it's delectable brasserie, Luke.  Anyone who knows food, knows of John Besh and his place among Southern culinary royalty and Luke appears to be a signature Besh establishment.  Anyone who knows me, knows that I like beer.Luke is perfectly adorned in unassuming charm.  The simple caramel, tan and mahogany overtones mixed beautifully with the elegant white linens of the servers and tablecloths belie the strength and sophistication of the bar and menu creations.  This is the place to come if you wish to experience gastronomy without the stuffiness of a dress code.Like a true Texan with my ever present ten gallon halo, I moseyed up to the bar and sucked up whatever class remained lingering in the room with one deep breath.  I cordially acknowledged the diminutive septuagenarian casually enjoying her Croque Monsieur and pint of beer directly beside me, spread my wide frame across the expanse of my sturdy wooden bar stool, and began my descent into madness.The wall of liquid shame displayed at Luke is breathtaking,  an eclectic selection of high end liquors, aperitifs and wines, mixed in with a small but comfortable selection of drafts, including 3 house brands, and ample bottled beers.  I ordered the local Abita amber and watched with pure delight as the ladies who accompanied me tried more adventurous concoctions, such as an egg white and absinthe creation that required the sexy bartendress to get in her daily shake weight routine with a rigorous cocktail shaker emulsification process which seemed to last a minimum of five minutes.  I'm sure she hated me for recommending someone try it.The culinary delights abounded from the kitchen to the table sides in waves of trays swept through the dining room by deftly capable servers to the exhilaration of some and the dismay of others who expected that is was their time to dine.  Jumbo seared shrimp over creamy grits, tangy moules et frites, duck and white bean cassoulet, shimmering pork belly and clams in tagliatelle, and a bone in shank or chop of some sort jutting from the plate in a stunning, Flintstonesque presentation.  My jaw dropped at the sight of this meaty delight and I could see from the smirk on my wife's face that she was contemplating the Seinfeld dare of 50 bucks to ask for a taste.  After a few minutes of deliberation she turned to me with the proposition only to find that I was no longer there and to her dismay, as she whirled herself around on her stool, saw that I was already taking a knife and fork to the aforementioned meat shank still resting on the oval tray, much to the horrified stares of the diners and servers alike.  I casually winked to the salivating diner whose dinner I had sampled and simply stated, "A most perceptive choice madame."Ain't war hell!After attempting to eat a burger at Port O' Call, but being told there was a 45 minute wait. My friend and I remembered Luke being written up on Yelp, so we headed over to the Business District for a late lunch. Upon entering, the space is a great mix of New Orleans and a french bistro. Beautiful wood floors, white table cloths, etc... The menu has a heavy German/Swiss/Alsatian influence.  So, they have an extensive offering of beers and interesting cocktails. I went traditional N.O. and the Bloody Mary with Okra and green beans was tangy and yummy. I added more black pepper. We ordered the flatbread with emmenthaler cheese, bacon, and caramelized onions to start. The bread was thin and crispy with all of the yummy toppings. It was delicious, but their were too many toppings. It could have done well with less cheese. For an entree, I ordered the Luke burger. The fresh ground meat of the patty was amazing! It was topped with lettuce, tomato, caramelized onions, bacon and emmenthaler cheese. Outstanding Burger and crispy frites... The only drawback was that the burger had such a similar taste to the flatbread appetizer! My friend had the fried oyster salad with avocado. Apparently some of the best fried oysters ever...there was nothing left in the bowl! All in all a great experience. I would recommend Luke for a late lunch or dinner.SO happy I have a friend from Dallas who knows her food. She took us here for brunch and we all stared at the menu for a while until someone broke the ooh and ahh-ing with the suggestion to order numerous plates for the table. The Chapagne Au Peche is SO DELICIOUS. We went on to order the Luke Burger, Croque Madame and then a dish involving shrimp. The burger was delicious and very filling. Even though I just had a fourth, I got what I needed. But I also had the intensive flavor of the shrimp dish (which I'm sorry I can't remember the name of or point out on the menu). It was delicious - but some could say the flavor is overwhelming. It's not for the 'oh yeah seafood is pretty good, i'll eat it if it's around' person. You need to commit to that shrimp. The croque madame was made to perfection and I was basically licking my fingertips to get the last tastings of those fries. You will be well fed here. The waiter will NOT steer you in the wrong direction. We wanted to order something, but our waiter advised against it saying it was typically a great item, but just wasn't coming out strong the day we went. We also somehow got extra fries out of him. It was a great way to kick off the day in New Orleans after quite the night.Wow this place was such a let down. I had heard a lot about it. Heard it equated to Nolas, so friends and I came on in. We endured  more than 45 minutes of wait, so much so that at least two other groups of old ladies got into fights with the staff. "Where's my table!? I expect Service. There WILL be a complimentary bottle of wine at our table. No make that two!" Amusing for me, over a round of drinks. But once we did sit, we were treated only with very average food.By this time I was sick of fried food so I ordered red-fish expected a nice grill. Instead it was the same old fried fish, except it was even soggy! Meaning, it was probably sitting around for some time. Served with some potatoes and limp green beens. Whoopdedoo... Certainly not worth (19). The gumbo was a highlight though (4.5). It was extremely seafoody with a well balanced fishy taste. I should have had that as my entree. In all, everyone's food was pricey and overratted. Wasn't horrible, but really for that kind of money we expected at least a little more.I stopped going here earlier this year because the service had reached new lows in abominable. Not to mention the oysters we had were shucked so poorly and shredded beyond belief. The BF swore them off for good. But I love their French 75 and bargain oysters so I wasn't ready to write them off forever.It's taken me a while to get back on my own and I am so glad that I did! They have a shucker named Anthony who is AWESOME! I told him about our previous experience and he said, very seriously, "That's terrible. Oysters are too precious to mess up."  My oysters (from Plaquemines Parish) were big and salty and perfect. And shucked the right way. IMPORTANT NOTE: Bring cash to tip the shucker. I usually spend more on oysters than I do on booze and I don't think it's fair that the shucker doesn't get a little something. Otherwise all my credit card tip goes to the bar.Last minute decision to come to Luke and a good one too =)The meal:Assiette de Charcuterie - I love charcuterie so I was completely sold when the server said they made their own. I was a little disappointed that they didn't have any cheeses to go with the meats but I guess that's not the norm. Overall, they were all tasty but I wasn't completely wowed by any of the items. Nice presentation though. Etouffee of Blue Crab & Brown Shrimp - This was not a traditional etouffee and I definitely liked it better this way. It was basically like a very creamy rich pasta with lumps of blue crab and large succulent shrimp. This dish looks small but it's so filling. Overall, I had a great experience at Luke. I'd like to try a full dinner here.I know if I did the Man vs. Food oyster challenge I would have no problem downing a gajillion dozen at Luke. And Luke is 1000x's cheaper (happy hour) and a hell of a lot less touristy than Acme.Happy hour is the real deal here...I really can't go into much further detail because I don't want the masses to come out of the woodwork. But if you're smart you'll take my word for it.And the bar service is wonderful. My neighbor and I go often and always get a very warm welcome (disclaimer: we tip...)We've had a few things off the menu...and they were, as expected, delicious, but mostly we stick to a few dozen oysters and some cocktails. Love Love Love coming here before a show at Lafayette Park...or since there's no shows at the moment, on any random weekday!!Went to Luke for breakfast after finding rude people at one place and an hour and half wait at another. This popped up on yelp as being close, good, and a John Besh place. We were able to get a table right away (around 10:30 am on a Sunday). Husband went for the shrimp and grits - very good. The grits were buttery and cheesy. Shrimp were spicy. Add the egg - good call. I went for the cajun breakfast or something that was eggs, bacon, potatoes, and a biscuit. The best part was the awesome blueberry compote that came with the biscuit (and i don't love fresh blueberries). SO good (even if it did make my teeth blue-ish). And, the breakfast potatoes were great! Service started off good then our waiter vanished (coffee refills were challenging). But, a mgr did come by and was helpful and apologetic. Big props to Luke (and Besh) for doing a tent (on veterans day) providing free food and drinks to Marines - very cool. Overall - breakfast at Luke was quite good and i would go back to try more.Caveat: This review is only for their happy hour. I have not been for lunch or dinner but I will update the review when I do.Luke's happy hour absolutely kicks ass. 50 cent oysters in a setting as nice as Luke's would be enough on it's own, but they also made the best Mint Julep ($5) that I have ever had. Bourbon, mint, sugar (simple syrup), ice...sounds easy enough but they are often made incorrectly and, in my opinion, if the ice isn't crushed, it's not suitable for sipping on even the least sophisticated of verandas. Luke's serves theirs in a cylindrical glass with a nice sized snow cone of crushed ice protruding from the top. Sweet enough to take the edge off the bourbon and muddled to release the flavor of the mint without shredding the leaves beyond all recognition, the result is a refreshing cocktail so cold a thick layer of frozen water vapor encrusts the glass once stirred. Perfect.Luke is an amazing restaurant. We decided last minute to have a nice dinner somewhere and we were fortunate that Luke got us in.We started off with foie gras and toast. Animal cruelty never tasted so good. Next, raw, chilled oysters on the half shell. So fresh. Next, cochon de lait sandwich with housemade fries and choucroûte garnie with duck confit and cochon de lait. Fucking unbelievable. This is the first time I have had whole roast pig. Normally, I'm not a big pork person, but this is so good. The choucroûte garnie is a manly dish. All meats all the time. Also makes for the best leftovers of your life. Cash breakdown: 6 cocktails, 1/2 dozen oysters, foie gras, choucroûte garnie, and cochon de lait sandwich: $110. I was shocked that the bill wasn't more than this. Excellent quality of food. The nicest service we had in all of New Orleans. I recommend this place highly. Tip: Full menu service at the bar if you want to drop in for a quick bite.Happy hour is everyday from 3-6 and it's the BEST happy hour in town thus far.  You must get started with a couple dozens of the oysters because they are super fresh and delicious! The charcuterie/pate plate was divine and another must have. The foie gras on this plate was exceptional as well as the pork belly and the pate campagne.  I ordered the shrimp and grits as my entree and it was really good, but I was told from an insider that next time I should add jumbo lump crabmeat and slow poached eggs. Mmm I can't wait until I come here again to try it! I'm definitely a huge fan of all Besh's restaurants!!I took two girlfriends, visiting from California, here last night based on the high percentage of good reviews. First of all, even though a dinner reservation had been made, we were banished to the very VERY back room, passed the first back room, to the absolute most desolate corner table in the restaurant. In said desolate- corner-table-restaurant-abyss, there was no music, no boisterous laughing, and no clinking of glasses and silverware as one would expect from a popular restaurant. Instead, it was just us three and the awkward table of three men seated next to us. I realize this is not really grounds for a one star review. So let me tell you about the service and the food. Our waiter (who took at least 10 minutes to get us a glass of water) forgot our beer order three times. He asked us twice what we had ordered, then brought the wrong beer on his third trip to our table. He did have a small green order pad in his hand, that he apparently forgot about as well. Writing down the drink order could have saved us all a lot of time. I ordered the daily gulf fish special, which was nothing special at all. Just fried fish atop three brussel sprouts and a few small potatoes. One friend ordered the duck confit and white bean cassoulet. I did not try it, but it was basically an entire sausage and duck leg atop very dry and very salty white beans and bread crumbs. She only ate about three bites (which went unnoticed by our waiter). Friend #2 ordered the steak and frites which was the one somewhat redeeming part of the meal. It was cooked rare (to her liking) so at least the dinner wasn't a total bust. Perhaps my expectations were too high. Bottom line: Go to COCHON skip Luke.The GF and I had dinner reservations for Lüke on a Friday night.  However, we couldn't resist the happy hour 50 cent P&J oysters and half-priced cocktails and beer on Thursday.  Needless to say, we took advantage of the special price and had a dozen.  Although not included in the happy hour specials, we also had a half-dozen of the Blue Point and a half-dozen of the Kumamoto oysters.  All varieties were served properly chilled and were exceedingly fresh, juicy, and flavorful.  Although all three were pleasing, the Kumamoto's were my hands-down favorites with their clean, crisp brininess.  Pacific oysters are simply the best!  As for cocktails, the sazerac was note perfect and a bargain at $4.50.  The GF had the French "75", a bright, refreshing cognac-based cocktail with  fresh-squeezed lemon juice and champagne...another bargain at $4.75.  Lüke offers a great happy hour experience which we thoroughly enjoyed.  Despite that fact, we cancelled our dinner reservation since we had filled in the John Besh restaurant block and decided instead to give another fine New Orleans restaurant a try.I will definitely come back whenever I'm in NOLA only for their happy hour specials which includes the PLUMP, tasty 50cents oysters and alcoholic beverages. I ordered 2 dozen just 'cause I lOoooOve me some oysters! I'm glad I did because they ran out pretty quickly so I do suggest you get there early into the happy hour. I also got a plate of etouffee of blue crab and brown shrimp. Shrimp was great and was drenched in brown butter sauce. Sadly, there were only about 3 pieces of blue crab. For $26 a plate I expected a little more than 1 piece of shrimp, 3 pieces of blue crab and a less than handful of garganelli pasta. Don't get me wrong, it was delicious but not filling at all!Overall, my party and I had a great experience (except for those who came late and missed out on the amazing oysters).Went on a date here not long ago, and although the food was good, the service was excellent, everything (including the date, thank you for asking) was top-notch, I'm not a terribly huge fan.  It's probably just me -- I'm a vegetarian, more or less, and while they were awesome about making a veggie dish for me (and it was fantastic), I think that this place appeals more to carnivorous dudes than it does to mostly vegetarian chicks. Two things that stood out to me, aside from the service and quality of the food, were 1) my wine was served in a juice glass, which kind of took away from the experience and 2) the napkins look like bar rags, which also detracted somewhat from the ambiance.Meh. I'm not dying to go back, but I wouldn't be opposed if I was with a group and everyone else really wanted to go.While you may find white table cloths on the table, this is anything but a standard white tablecloth establishment. Luke describes itself as a model of the Franco-German brasseries of old New Orleans. Here you will find used newspapers available for patrons to read, french fries wrapped in paper, oysters shucked openly at the bar and a laid-back, casual atmosphere.Tips: If you like being near the action, ask for a table in the back where you get a nice view of the chefs at work behind a glass room.I've never eaten there for breakfast or brunch, but I have enjoyed many a lunch, dinner and happy hour there.Their lunch specials change daily, but they include some really good eats, if you can catch them on the right day.As appetizers go, you can't beat the deliciously cheesy, buttery, oniony, bacony lamenküche. Delicious!If you haven't guess it yet, I'm a cheeseburger girl. And Luke has one superb Cheeseburger; however, they have many other delectable selections to offer too.Luke's Shrimp and Grits rival some of the best in the city. If you'd rather fish, you won't be disappointed with the fish meunière... go ahead and splurge on the added jumbo lump crabmeat. It will definitely be worth it.A little warning, if you order the ravioli of local crabmeat you will absolutely love it.... for about 5 minutes when you realize that there are not nearly enough ravioli to satisfy you. The portion of this dish seems very small to me.Don't skip dessert! If you still have room left, go for the profiteroles. And make sure to get some coffee. Luke has some of the best restaurant coffee I have ever tasted.Another tip: Be mindful of the cheap oysters, appetizer and drink specials during Happy Hours throughout the week.Most importantly, it's not just the food that make this restaurant 5 star worthy... It's the cocktails. One cocktail in particular, actually. The French 75.I'm sure that their other cocktails are also good, but you will have to check that out for yourself. .You see...Luke is where I fell in love with the French 75. And Luke's French 75 is the French 75 by which all French 75s will be judged through my lifetime.Luke did not hold the same appeal for me that I think it does everyone else.  Perhaps it is because I was trying to behave myself on my diet, or perhaps it is better for dinner than lunch, or perhaps it was because I got creative with the menu, but it wasn't quite the gastrofastic experience that I would expect from Besh. I went for a boozy lunch with my boss not long ago and was, frankly, disappointed in the "le déjeuner" menu.  For starters, almost every offering was New Orleans carb-laden fare with very few choices in the way of light, more diet-friendly offerings.  After angstly waffling among the choices and slurping at my martini, I settled on the "plate principeaux" seared tuna with yard egg, green tomatoes and someothersomething like homemade cheesy goodness, thinking it was a tuna filet with the other business on the side. When my waiter corrected that misconception and informed me that the meal was a sandwich, he offered to bring it as a salad instead. I was very excited. I was very excited and then woefully underwhelmed.  The portion was miniscule. Although it was undoubtedly "délicieux," it was "très petit," which made me "triste."  Like I said, probably my bad, but I was disappointed.Aside from that, I wasn't a fan of the busy, cafe-like atmosphere. I tend to prefer a quieter, less rushed ambiance, especially when forking over (or anyway having my boss fork over) vast quantities of  "l'argent."What a pretentious and disappointing place.Really poor, snobby service. Simply put: This place has gotten too big for its britches. In more annoying detail:Some friends and I ducked in here for some drinks and very early evening hors d'oeuvres before heading out for a fun night. We stopped in at 5pm, and the bar was full, so we asked for a table. After being seated, the service was immediately poor. The first waiter we had never returned after we ordered our drinks. After having to seek out someone to continue serving us, our new waitress immediately soured on us after we told her that we were probably going just order "starters" and a few more drinks instead of getting dinner. It wasn't even 5:30 and we were in our 20s and 30s, not 60s and 70s... why was this a surprise? I can't imagine why the waitress could be put out; we each ordered our own starters (mine cost as much as a main course dish), we were drinking mint juleps, so our tab was going to be close to a dinner tab (if not more), and the restaurant portion was nearly empty, so we weren't robbing her of a higher paying table.After our food came, we didn't see the new waitress for awhile. By this point, all of our drinks were empty. We had wanted to get another round, about 10 minutes before she finally came back, but given the delay and poor service, we decided to bounce.I don't care if the drinks were tasty and the quality of food was good. I also don't mind paying for quality, but ditch the attitude and be gracious hosts. Its the South, not New York or LA, act like it.My second time here, this time for my friends wedding reception! Menu was amazing!We arrived at Happy Hour, 50 cent oysters and half price drinks, so we had both, the ordered the beet salad (divine), mussels, and flammenkuchen (an appetizer I used for my entree),  All were excellent.  I first had flammenkuchen (or tarte flambe) in Strasbourg at a street fair, this was far and above that experience, with caramelized onions resting atop the cheese and hunks of bacon strewn around.  So good!First off, I have a for sure, right on crush on Chef John Besh, so of course I was in love with this place.  Luke was fabulous and yummy. No wait time, service was prompt and friendly.  Great setup in this restaurant, I had a chance to eat in the back room where I could see throw a glass preparing the food, which I extremely enjoyed and made me want to be a chef for a moment at least. Then the food came out, mmmm. I went for lunch and I had a Pressed Sandwich of Whole Roast "cochon de lait". This is probably the best cochon de lait I ever had! It came with house-made fries, which I couldn't stop eating. They were addictive! Thankfully they weren't unlimited because I probably would have turned into a fries.I treated myself to a cocktail, The St.Charles Streetcar. It was St Germaine, Pear Vodka and Champagne. First off, no drink could go wrong with St. Germaine, but add in pear vodka and you have one of those situations that make you want to start singing Janet Jackson... or maybe that part is just me.Truly enjoyed myself here! You definitely should check out.This was the highest rated restaurant near my hotel on Yelp and attached to John Besh so I figured it would be a no-brainer.  I sat at the bar and after waiting about 10 min, finally got service.  They ended up giving me the lunch menu and had to change my order once they realized my option wasn't available for dinner.  I ended up having the chicken dinner with bacon, veggies, and mashed potatoes.  It took a while to come out and when it finally came, it was served in a deceptively small cast iron skillet.  It was a large serving of chicken sitting on the mashed potatoes and veggies.  A little too salty for my taste.  I like to eat healthily and probably should've gotten the salad with fried seafood instead - satisfy my seafood craving, but the fried goodness would get cancelled out by the veggies. They have a $0.50 oyster happy hour from 3-6 pm weekdays, which I'm sad I missed.  Friendly bar patrons so you strike up conversation pretty easily.  Service was ok.Great HH from 3-6 where oysters are 50 cents and drinks are half off.The oysters were a bit sandy, but how can you complain at this price?Service was a bit slow and our waiter said it was because the shucking station was backed up.  Understandable.I also had a delicious red beet salad.  Upon arrival, I only saw a bunch of greens only to find layers of the tangy beet underneath.  It was topped with gorgonzola and spicy pecans.  Quite delicious!Husband had the fried oyster bacon salad.  His advice:  Next time extra bacon and no oyster.  He didn't like the way they were fried.  The cube sized bacon bits were delicious tho!I would definitely recommend this place for if you're in the mood for some oysters and a drink.  Make sure you try the homemade potato chips while you're there!!I have soo many places to review for NOLA...but I chose Luke's to be the first place I wrote down...because...FIFTY. CENT. OYSTERS.yes. 50 cents. Happy hour. 3-6pm. weeknight. half off drinks. and...oh my gawd.... 50 cent oysters!!My friends and I feasted. The bartender told us we ate half the ocean. The goods:-The bartender was soo sweet!! Very friendly...even gave us a free drink :) -The oysters were soo fresh, juicy, and huge! (They were at least 3 times bigger than Acme's..fosho..) -Their Blue Crab Bisque was soooo delicious. creamy, with a little bit of a spicy kick, and pieces of chewy crab. -I suggest you sit at the bar. chitchat with the bartender and the locals. watch them shuck the oysters. Get another drink. -The place is very classy and pretty. wooden walls and decor. pretty lighting. Had a great time! If i had another day, I would have gone back!I assume that Alsatian translates into "Meatlovers Paradise"!  First, the amazing happy hour of 50cent oysters, then the $10 Pate plate. I never thought of myself as a "Liver" man but John Besh has turned me into one. The service was adequate if a little over-bearing but the food and drinks made up for it...Luke was the best dinner I had on my recent trip to NOLA, and was a great counterpoint to the previous night's experience at Cochon.This won't be a comparative review, but the two evenings were a study in contrasts. I was equally excited for each dinner, but all the anticipation I had for Cochon led to a bit of a letdown, whereas Luke delivered with excellence.We were seated immediately after arrival (8:30pm Saturday reservation), and my friends all ordered the highly-recommended mint julep. They were well made and universally praised.Soup course was 3 for gumbo, and 1 for corn and crab chowder. Everyone was happy, and the gumbo was probably the best we had in the city.Dinner topped the soup course well. The hamburger was as large as advertised, and had a fantastic rich, char-grilled flavor. The fries were a treat as well. I had the duck breast and absolutely loved it. Cooked well, with great combinations of sweet and salty flavors. The nightly special of rabbit was also very tasty, and shrimp and grits were wonderful too. I'd love to gush about the food, but hopefully you've stopped reading this review and have already ordered your food at Luke.As for dessert - we all got it, and we all liked it. Bread pudding was a touch too sweet, which made it unfinishable, although it was very good. My friend enjoyed the crepes, but I didn't sample them. The pot de creme was among the best I've ever had (better than my homemade!). Creme brulee was equally good, and notable was that it was served only slightly-chilled, letting the vanilla flavor really sing. Just go. Enjoy it. Order well, and savor!**3.5 stars**Another John Besh restaurant with a European bistro flair, both in ambiance and food.  I visited this place under the recommendation of a fellow Yelper, and I ended up enjoying myself.  The shrimp "en cocotte" was well- cooked (with the most perfect McEwan and Sons grits of course).  The husband's jagerschnitzel was tasty but the gravy had an odd taste to it (I noticed ham bits - is that tasso?).  His meal included a soup and a dessert, which was a steal for $23.  The seafood gumbo tasted alright though the rice tasted old and dry. The profiteroles were a nice touch even when we were all stuffed by the end of the meal.  European with a Cajun flair - not too shabby a place.  I'm glad I tried this place but there wasn't anything that wowed me from this place.While hotel restaurants aren't generally my favorite places to imbibe, I'm a fan of Luke, which was conveniently attached to the St. Charles Hilton. We stopped in here several times for cocktails before embarking on adventures, and found extremely friendly service and tasty concoctions both times. The first time, I went with a house cocktail, which was sweet and unique. Can't recall the name ... The second time, we caught happy hour, and the bartender let us indulge in several mimosas at happy hour prices. Score!Their menu, although meat-heavy, looked like it offered some interesting selections, worth trying,I made a reservation for 2 on a Sunday afternoon. The hostess wasn't very welcoming and barely made any eye contact. My Aunt and I waited 15 minutes for water and waited even longer for our drinks. We ordered oysters which took 50 minutes to get to us. Not to mention 3 other tables around us were served before us, who arrived later than we did. We had noticed we were the only table without complimentary bread. The oysters were great. Just wasn't worth a 50 minute wait!This was a very impressive establishment from the decor to the service. attentive  and helpful along with smiles & conversation. the food was tasty well prepared. finally tried shrimp & grits. 2 salutesLüke is like the reaaaaaaaaally hot ex-boyfriend that you keep calling/praying they'll change.I've been a Besh fan since 2001, when my dad and were lucky enough to eat at August during opening week. It was phenomenal. We were in love.Fast forward to today and I can only offer this advice: cross your fingers and pray to god you came on a good day.The menu is phenomenal, the drinks are great. But for some reason, execution and delivery is where the ball is always dropped. Probably has something to do with the constant flux of wait/kitchen staff. I don't know.I've had great meals and I've had half-frozen king crab claws.It's a great place to bring people if you're looking to impress (check out the belt system for the overhead fans in the main room) or just grabbing a quick drink before heading out. My favorites: 50 cent oysters, French 75's, crabmeat ravioli (although it's been replaced on the menu. BRING IT BACK PLZZZZZZZZZ), brunch in general, mashed potatoes, creme brulee.God Speed.Loved it for Sunday brunch, dinner was hit or miss at our table.Wasn't impressed with the crawfish bisque, and some entrees can be pretty rich, a la the redfish court boullion. The craft beers are great, oysters (at least the ones we had) were small and not very impressive. Don't know if this is temporary considering the hit the oyster fishermen took, but we'll see.I'd say all in all it was a nice dinner, but no real show stoppers. At least on this visit.I must admit, I looked forward to coming to this place. I mean, John Besh has his name all over this restaurant. I actually remembered John Besh as I watched Food Network over the years. I remembered the time on Iron Chef when he beat Mario Batali. I also remembered how he almost won The Next Iron Chef, getting beat by Symon in the finals.Of course, I had no idea what type of influence John Besh had at Lüke besides planting his name all over it. I'm sure he didn't come into the kitchen to prepare our meals (perhaps he did, who knows?). Well, at least everything on the menu looked appetizing.I ordered the pork belly and clam pasta. I thought it had too much oil and tasted too salty.  Also, my portion seemed small compared to my friends' dishes. Granted, they did introduce the pork belly and clam pasta dish not too long ago; maybe they needed more time to perfect it.  I should've tried their original dishes like the shrimp and grits which looked good. I did taste a few other dishes that my friends' ordered. Some of them did taste quite good. So perhaps, I got unlucky with my menu choice. Oh well. At least the server took care of us well. That guy was quite knowledgeable of the menu and had a great sense of humor. He and the rest of the staff treated us well.I would like to come back again to try the other stuff on the menu.  But for now, I'll give the food 3 stars and +.5 star for the service, rounding up to 4 stars.Lunch was great (Maultaschen) and so was dinner.The highlight was the seafood tower and the charcuterie plate.The seafood was probably the freshest I've ever had and served witha nice array of cocktail sauce, horseradish, mignonette. The charcuterie was THE BEST I've ever had.  Too many to describe including some wonderful house-made mustards and savory jams.Deserts also quite good.Wine list is like the food - Alsatian.  Had a cremant de jura which was excellent and an outstanding value. Pleasant and food savvy waitstaff.We had a lovely dinner here to celebrate my friend's brachelorette party. We all enjoyed the meal and were so very satisfied afterward. What I love:1. Super friendly server who is very attentive2. Pate of rabbit and chicken livers: yum yum yum...especially the watermelon pickles3. Crawfish Bisque: very flavorful and rich4. Rabbit stew with pasta: I loved it so much! What I didn't like so much:1. Flamenküche: not so much to my taste but my other friends enjoyed it very muchTips: 1. Definitely make reservation in advance2. Dinner express menu is such a good deal. It comes with a cup of soup and a dessert both of which you can select from their regular menu..50 errrrsters at happy hour! Half price draft beer!If I could've given a higher rating for service and food, I would have. From the moment that we came to the restaurant (an hour before our OpenTable reservation because we saw the Happy Hour at the last minute), we were welcomed in, made to feel like we were cared for and taken care of, and given amazing service, and that doesn't even include the outstanding (!!!!!) food. Casey (the hostess) and Greg (our waiter) were true standouts. They went out of their way to accommodate our 2 separate reservations and combined them into 1 so that we could all sit together. We were treated with respect and concierge customer service, which I didn't expect on a busy Saturday night where many convention goers were finally let loose. We all loved this placed and waddled away happy, even though many of us had eaten here twice in 5 days!The Happy Hr oysters ($. 50/ea from 3-6p) were amazing, but the Shrimp and Grits "En Cocotte" and the Etoufee of Blue Crab and Brown Shrimp were true standouts!  I could have eaten several servings of the En Cocotte.  The other memorable option from Luke was the Sazerac, which will spoil me for all others in the future.  My only disappointment was in myself for not having been able to eat more.  Apparently, the elastic in my waistband was not prepared for the demands placed upon it.  I may never be able to sit up again.  Given the amazing food available in New Orleans, this was the BEST meal we had while here!Second time I visited this restaurant, Food:  5 stars.  I ordered the salmon dinner with sauteed local vegetables.  Superb.Service:  1 star.  Overtly rude, slow, simply awful.Yet, I'd go there again only because they are open late and we came from the airport.Food is simple yet very tasty.  We came here for lunch and left very happy.  We started with a dozen raw oysters, a staple of our meals in New Orleans.  Luke sources them from P&J, so they were on par with those at Deanie's and Acme's.For our main course, we split a bowl of the seafood gumbo and the pressed sandwich of whole roast "cochon de lait" (pork).  The portion of gumbo wasn't very big, but it was filled with seafood, including a whole chunk of shell-on crab in the middle.  The sandwich was much bigger, and featured some of the best sandwich bread I've ever had - very crispy yet buttered thoroughly.  The meat was tender though a teeny bit dry - I got over this by slathering copious amounts of delicious cherry mustard onto it.  The sandwich came with cones of hot and crispy fries.Service is very good.  When we told them we were splitting the food, they split the sandwich and fries for us in the kitchen so we got separate plates.  The french press coffee was so good that I had two pots.Prices for lunch are reasonable.  They have a great $15 lunch prix fixe menu as well.Dear Luke, what amazing happy hours you have!! 50 cents oysters and 1/2 off bar..you heard right! 50 CENTS OYSTERS AND 1/2 OFF BAR ::sigh::We took full advantage of the happy hour of course. Never ate so many raw oysters in one sitting in my life, and that's only 1/2 of what my boyfriend ate. What's even better is this restaurant is literally right across from our hotel so we went here twice on our trip lol. Tip: don't sit at the bar, horrible service. We sat at a table the second time and service was much better, we actually existed! yay.Luke is a German themed restaurant with some seafood thrown in for good effect.  They have some good cold seafood "towers" of various types of shellfish.  They offer some changing daily specials with a core selection of consistent items on the menu.  It is a very pork heavy menu and there is a relatively small selection of main dishes.  They have a few beers that they have specially made for them and they offer some specialty cocktails. My favorite thing to do here is go for the Happy Hour raw oyster special.  The oysters used to be 25 cents each but the BP troubles (that caused us to release lots of fresh water into our wetlands and the fresh water, and not oil, killed off a lot of our oyster beds) caused an oyster shortage resulting in the price doubling to 50 cents an oyster but $6 for a dozen is still a great deal.  The happy hour goes from 3-6pm and it gets pretty crowded by around 4 so it can be a bit challenging to find a bar stool sometimes.  The entrees I've sampled here have been "ok" to good but often the portion size left me wanting more so usually I stick with the oysters and beer.I have been here twice, and I've only been in New Orleans for 2.5 months.My first time was during Restaurant Week. I dined alone on Saturday, September 17th. My meal consisted of:- Rillettes of Mangalitsa pork with savory marmalades and grilled country bread. OH. MY. GOD. This was so good. It makes me want to try making rillettes myself. The marmalades went so well with the rillettes. I think this is probably what Besh is best at: finding flavors that go together so well but that you don't necessarily think of as accompanying one another.- Shrimp Farci over corn and field pea succotash and Hollandaise. Delicious.- L'opera for dessert. This huge cake went home with me because I couldn't finish it. And I'm a plate cleaner, especially when it comes to dessert.Well, and that's another thing about Luke. The portions are huge, which I like, because I love having delicious leftovers. From this visit I took home leftovers from each course. I was a happy child the next day.My second visit was some time in early October. It was another Saturday night and I was on a date. It was kind of an unexpected visit so we had to wait about half an hour, but we got drinks at the bar. I had a Champagne au Peche, which was refreshing.Once we got seated, I resisted very hard to order the Rillettes again. Because it's that good. But I did a good job of resisting and tried the Flamenküche. This reminded me of my short time in Strasbourg. Everywhere we walked, we saw these flat pizzas with caramelized onions and bacon. Needless to say, it was delicious.I ordered the Choucroute Garnie, because I was feeling like a carnivore, and my date got the Jagerschnitzel. It was funny when they brought out our main dishes, because the server thought the Choucroute was for him. I was like, uhm, that's me. Too funny. I guess it is a pretty masculine dish. A bunch of meat and potatoes, you know. I really enjoyed my pork shank, pork belly, and bratwurst, and took a lot of it home. The mustard they served with this dish was to die for, and our server gave me a little container of it to take home with the leftovers.I don't think we got dessert, which is very unlike me, but the date was pressed for time and I was full anyway.Another great time and I can't wait to go back.Yummy Yum OYSTERS!!!We came yesterday for the happy hour from 3-6pm.  Happy Hour is everyday from 3pm-6pm so Thursdays (my only off day) is the ONLY day I can come to take advantage of this special!Happy hour means $0.50 raw oysters plus 1/2 off Beers and Specialty Drinks!!sooo...give us 4 dozen raw oysters PLEASSEE!!The oysters came out nicely shucked..chilled.and fresh.  The cocktail and horseradish were OUT OF THIS WORLD! I know it sounds crazy but with the perfect toppings these little shooters are AMMAZZINNG!!So after 4 dozen of oysters..my husband and I also ordered the Grilled Ham & Cheese Sandwich with a sunny side up. It's called the Croque-Monsieur et frites. Just add the egg on top for $2.00 makes it a whole lot better!We splitted the sandwich and what's so awesome was that they split it for us.  We each even got our own sunnyside up egg! Was waiting for John Besh himself to show up and greet us at our table...but no sign of John Besh (he actually came during our lunch at Restaurant August) so it was me having high hopes..Overall great experience..waiting for my next Thursdays off for more OYSTERS!!! and we'll try more dishes next time!Amazing food at Lüke! This was one of the best restaurants that we ate at in New Orleans. I know, even better than Commander's Palace. I made a reservation via Opentable and were seated instantly. We sat in the back of the restaurant with a view of the kitchen. It was very cool to see the chefs in action. The food was awesome! We used the warm bread to soak up extra sauces from our entrees . I ordered the Aile de Raie ($22) which was a parmesan crusted skate wing, Meyer lemon caper buerre blanc, and roasted veggies. WOW! The crust was perfect and the fish was not salty. The sauce was so beautiful with the fish. Loved the variety of roasted veggies - brussels sprouts, baby carrots, and turnipsMy husband had the Etouffe of Blue Crab & Brown Shrimp with fennel, garlic, saffron fumet garganelli pasta ($26). Oh goodness. This was the star entrée of the night! The sauce was so delicious with the creaminess from the blue crab and spiciness. Yum! The homemade pasta was also a real treat. The blue crab was fresh, and the four shrimps were juicy. This was a small pasta dish, but had hearty, rich flavors.One thing that the restaurant should improve on is the service. Our waiter didn't stop by our table too much. He hung around near the kitchen area chatting with the other waiters as they were waiting for the prepared food.I highly recommend this place!I've been to Luke four or five times, and I've always left impressed. The service has always been excellent and the food and drinks have always been what one would expect of a John Besh restaurant. Luke serves dinner, but it primarily serves as a high-end lunch place in the Central Business District. The hamburgers, sandwiches steaks and oysters are all excellent, and many dishes arrive with fries served in a cup. Accordingly, Luke fosters more of a casual dining atmosphere. It's certainly not cheap, but the food is high quality.My favorite aspect of Luke has to be the old-style decor. The ceiling fans (which all run off of a single motor) are an interesting addition, and the bar (located in the front dining area) is gorgeous. It's worth going here at least once for the atmosphere alone.Great food, great service! We got in with a last minute res for 10. We got a private room on a Saturday nite, and the food was great all around!I got the creole shrimp with grits, perfectly cooked, excellent flavor, and nicely lite. Our server Lee knew his stuff, was pleasant and funny and checked in on regularly to make sure we were good.I would definitely recommend.In town alone for a recent business trip, I was on the hunt for good food in a place that I could eat by myself and not feel like a total loser.  Luke not only fit that bill, but was so darn good that I ended up eating there twice during my four day stay.The foie gras appetizer was delicious, as was the gumbo.  But the real draw for me was the 25 cent oysters during happy hour.  TWENTY FIVE CENTS!  And they were huge and fresh and delicious.The atmosphere is modern and casual.  The servers were attentive and friendly.All in all, I have absolutely nothing bad to say about this place.  And on a return trip to NOLA, it would be high on my list of places to eat again.On New Year's morning, in NOLA's business district not too far away...I enjoyed the very best breakfast of my life at Luke! Luke (named after Chef John Besh's son, although I kept thinking of Star Wars!) is an unpretentious brasserie with nostalgic décor such as copper ceilings, pulley and belt ceiling fans, newspaper racks, and rich woods. Although Julius and I had reservations, we decided to sit at the bar - right in front on the Saints game on TV (Who Dat?!) Julius ordered one of Luke's own beers, while I tried the mint julep.  I told our bartender that my goal was to have every drink invented in New Orleans, and he joked around with me, like, how could this tiny woman handle all that bourbon and gin?  Size matters not...judge me by my size, do you? ;)I already knew what I was going to have for breakfast after I saw Luke's menu three months ago...Eggs in a Jar. It was LUSCIOUS - and I've never used that word to describe anything here on Yelp!  Lightly fried softshell crab, creamy, buttery grits, perfectly poached eggs, and this heavenly hollandaise sauce is what I'm talking about!!! My prior faves (red velvet pancakes in Vegas, and tocino & eggs in the Philippines) don't even come close.  Julius, who tries not to have pork, took a trip to the dark side and had the BLT.  Luke's version included a buster crab, along with a thick cut of bacon between two behemoth pieces of brioche - how Julius was able to get it all in his piehole is beyond me!When we finished our amazing meals, we were ready to blow this thing and go home!  BUT, our bartender topped it all off by giving me a complimentary drink (I totally forgot what he called it, I was already tipsy from the mint julep :P) Awesome service AND out-of-this-world food?  May the force be with you, Luke!I think our server was a little new, because she seemed a little flustered at times.  The service was not all that attentive either, and she actually forgot to give us bread.  The place is pretty cool inside though, and with some better food and staff, could see this being a fun place, even if it is pretty much a hotel restaurant.Oysters - we ordered a dozen Gulf oysters, and while the flavor was fine, they were extremely sandy and gritty.  Luckily though, we mentioned this to our server and she ended up taking them off our bill. She even mentioned it was a little late in the season, so she wasn't sure why they were still serving them (which would have been good to know before we ordered as we would have gone with the other oysters.  Also, they should have more than 2 types of oysters. Just sayin'). Luckily, we ordered a Bloody Mary to go with the oysters, and it was pretty damn good.  Cochon Pressed Sandwich - Given, I'm not a huge ham fan, but I usually like pulled pork, especially if it's got a kickin' BBQ sauce.  But this was way too sweet, and just not my style.  My girlfriend kind of liked it though, so maybe it's just me.Mussels with Fries- My girlfriend ordered this, and her main complaint with it was that it wasn't served with nearly enough broth, leaving some of the mussels at the top a little dried out.  Other than that, the flavor was decent, and the fries are pretty good.  I'll be skipping this place next time I'm in town.  Nothing we had was all that good, and I don't think you should keep oysters on your menu if they aren't in season.  And if you're known for oysters, have more than a couple types to choose from (4-5 from different locales would be a good start).Luke was a pleasant surprise. Our party was on the way out of New Orleans and had a few hours to kill so we decided to stop at Luke's for a meal. We were hesitant because we never heard anything about Luke and it is inside the Hilton in the French quarters. I tend to avoid restaurants inside hotels thinking that they are expensive and usually not that good. I'm glad I was wrong. To our delight, we discovered that Luke has 50 cent oysters during their happy hour. Their oysters were fresh and extremely delicious. We have had a lot of oysters during our 5 days stay, but none compared to Luke's. The fact that it was 50 cent each was just icing on the cake. The delicious oyster set us up for the main course. We were indecisive but all of us ultimately ended up ordering the ribeye. It was fantastic! My medium rare ribeye was sweet, juicy, tender. My friends all echoed the same about their ribeyes. It was just a perfect cap to our wonderful trip. Next time I'm in the Big Easy, I will definitely stop by Luke if only to take advantage of their oysters.Luke is a causal John Besh restaurant located in the CBD. It was one of the few good restaurants open for lunch on Saturday. We had the corn and crab bisque to start and it was very good. For entrees we ordered the burger and stuffed shrimp. The burger costs $16 which seems expensive for a burger (its the most expensive buyer i have ever had), but it was really good. The burger is huge and is topped by a wonderful cheese and smoked bacon. I am not a bacon fan, but apparently John Besh knows how to procure incredible bacon. The burger comes with some really good fries that are placed in a mint julep cup wrapped with paper. The stuffed shrimp was really good and came with vegetables. The wait staff was very attentive and friendly. I will definitely go here again. One word of caution. We at at Luke for lunch and La Provence for dinner. I would suggest only one Besh restaurant per day. There is no way to eat that much food in a day.Delicious! Let's just say that we were already making plans to return before we even finished our meal.  The boy and I celebrated my graduation with a dinner at Luke this weekend.  I made a reservation about a week before and was able to secure a reservation for Friday at 7pm.  I made a reservation through Open Table--an online reservation system--which was fast and convenient.  We were able to find street parking without much effort, but the restaurant does offer $10 valet parking if needed.  We were seated immediately and enjoyed great service throughout our meal.I had initially considered ordering the "Express Menu" option (cup of soup, entrée of the day, and dessert for $23--what a deal!) but our server suggested that nothing on the "Express Menu" can compare to the quality of the other menu items. Well, I trusted his judgment and I am glad I did. For my entrée, I enjoyed the Ravioli of Local Crabmeat, simmered with garlic, cream, lemon, and herbs.  I could tell that the ravioli were homemade, the pasta was good and thick, and both the crab filling and sauce were delicious.  The boy had the Entrecote Grillee au Frites (aka steak and homemade fries). AMAZING! He was generous enough to let me try a couple of bites and we both agreed that the steak was cooked to perfection and the frites were some of the tastiest fries we've ever eaten. *Tip: If your entrée isn't served with frites, order some as a side; I promise you'll be happy that you did.After such a delicious dinner we felt compelled to try a dessert.  We shared the chocolate/café au lait pot de crème (it was called something like that) and it was so good that I was tempted to wipe my finger around the inside of the jar that it was served in to savor the last bits that my spoon couldn't reach.Oh, but there is a con: While I consider the food to be reasonably priced, the drinks were not.  A soda (or "cold drink" as the locals like to call it) will run you $3.50 because it is served in an old-fashioned, small glass bottle; which also means no free refills.  A signature drink will cost you around $8-$9 and a custom-brewed beer is $6.50. If you have the money to spend, bottoms up and enjoy! But if you're just looking for a delicious meal at a reasonable cost, skip the drinks or be sure to get started at happy hour (apparently half-priced drinks are offered daily from 3-6pm).If you want  to try a John Besh restaurant but are looking for a more laid back experience, I think Luke is the restaurant for you.  I like that the menu still tries to incorporate some southern dishes (ie:Gumbo) but if you've been in NOLA for a few days I'm sure you're looking for a little change of pace.  For starters they serve fresh baked french bread.  I have to admit this bread was better than anything I've had all weekend.  If only all Po Boy's could be made with fresh baked bread....  I recommend adding one of the soups as well.  I made an effort to try as many Gumbos in NOLA and Luke's did not disappoint.  If you are a meat lover, you will love the Choucroute Garnie Maison (smoked pork shank, Mangalitsa belly & bratwurst, house-made sauerkraut).  This dish can easily serve 3.  I'm just a big fan of Mangalitsa anything so this was a no brainer for me.  The smoked pork shank was tender and the meat was falling off the bone.  Very rarely will I ever leave any food on the plate but it was too much...I could not finish this dish.My gf ordered the Etoufee of Blue Crab & Brown Shrimp (fennel, garlic, saffron fumet, handmade garganelli).  It's not your typical Saucy Etoufee with rice, intstead it's a light pasta dish but you have to love the fresh garganelli.      Whatever you do, make sure to leave room for Brendan's Bread Pudding.  It's pretty good.I would have given Luke a 5 star review had it not been a rowdy table that ruined the 1st half of our meal.  Instead of throwing the drunk diners out, they just moved everyone from the back dining room to the front.  A small apology was given but nothing material to make up for the unpleasant experience.  I just expected more from a John Besh restaurant.Luke is another John Besh restaurant combining Franco-German food and decor to create another masterpiece. I've been here several times and each time its completely full. On this occasion we went on Christmas night expecting it to either be closed or empty and were surprised to find it so full that we were offered seats at the bar.Not that I mind... I enjoyed watching the oyster man hard at work cracking oyster shells and placing them neatly on ice trays. Who knew it was such hard work? We started off with turtle soup (our favorite)...but weren't too happy when it was served lukewarm. It was still tasty but less than what we expected at a John Besh restaurant. Next, for our main course we ordered the moules & frites and the Luke Burger. Both were very tasty. Having just arrived from Canada I was shocked at the large portion but was quick to adapt to the almost triple sized portions served in the States. The mussels were enough to feed a whole family!!! I highly recommend sharing...unless you got a really healthy appetite. Most people order their oysters...however not being a fan of raw oysters I am yet to try. The burger was good...served along with their house made fries...salty but good! And of course we never leave without dessert: dark chocolate mousse served with orange marmalade. See blog post for photos: hungrynomadeats.blogspot…We went with Jackson's recommendations and were pleased with all of them! From his fav Eggs In A Jar to Beignets to a nice bottle of Champagne. Amazing combination of flavors. Gave them one less star for a lag in their attentiveness to service. The host eagerly sat us without menus. Then a server handed us off to Jackson who did well but was slightly distracted by his other duties at times. Tighten that up and you've got 5 stars! Thanks for an amazing last day in NOLA! We'll be back for sureWish I could've made it back in again. Great atmosphere, great bar with excellent happy hour prices and fifty cent oysters. A bit on the pricey side especially for just a lunch. I'd go back again when I return to this wonderful city.I have been to Luke twice in the past two weeks - once for lunch and once for dinner. Both times, the food and the service have been excellent. For the lunch adventure, I had the Kumamoto oysters, and Croque Madame with Fries. Both were fabulous. I had had the Croque Madame before but this time it was the best I have had! For the recent dinner, I was accompanied by some work associates and we started off with the Veal and Pork Pate. It was SO good, that we ordered another one (just three of us!!!)!!!!. Some Malpeque Oysters (of course) then the Fried Oyster and Avocado salad (delicious)! My Ribeye was perfectly done as was the Bread Pudding w/ Vanilla Ice Cream. Needless to say I was fat, happy and feeling pregnant after that dinner! But it was SOOO good. Kudos to Luke for having a mignonette sauce available in addition to cocktail sauce (both occasions). Place does get pretty packed for dinner more so than lunch, so make reservations!We came here for happy hour (every day 3-6 pm) because they have 50 cent oysters. We had a group of 6 and the two guys LOVE oysters, so they ordered 2 dozen off the bat and added another dozen right before 6 pm. The oysters took a while, but they seemed fresh and they devoured them. During happy hour, the rail drinks, beers, wine and cocktails were also half off. We each ordered a cocktail as they had some pretty interesting drinks. The girls ordered a half dozen oysters and we all shared 4 orders of fries. I REALLY enjoyed the fries; sadly I could not stop eating them. They are thinner cut fries that are golden and crispy. And the amount of saltiness was also perfect. We ordered 2 at first but after everyone kept chowing down, we had to order 2 more. This is definitely a great place to go for happy hour!+ food was delicious (when we finally got it!) and good drinks and beer. Prices are great during happy hour. - however, the service was pretty bad. orders were forgotten and took more than an hour to get an order of fries (which I had to send back b/c they weren't fried enough!). Good thing they gave us our drinks before they forgot so at least we had something to keep ourselves occupied.Eek! Methinks not could not be more accurate! This place was not good! The positive: they were able to seat us quickly and accommodate merging our two groups with two different reservations The negative: the drinks were expensive, the food was salty (I sent mine back it was so bad, and I never do that and I am a salt lover!), some of it was cold and it was not worth the price we paid. Not to mention the rather slow service. The server tried to be really nice, but it often came off as weird (lots of laughing at his own jokes) Find a better place to eat, you won't be sorry!I enjoyed this place quite a bit.  We came after a long, hot, tiring day at the zoo, and I felt a little bit gross walking in and not realizing it was a nicer restaurant.  I wish I could have showered first, but that doesn't take away from the fact that I thouroughly enjoyed the experience of the place.  Our server was really really nice and helpful.  We were all slightly delirious from exhaustion so it was pretty difficult for us to concentrate and think.  The drinks were fantastic.  I went for the St. Charles Streetcar and I wish I would have felt up for another two or three.  I wasn't really feeling up for any kind of heavy food either, and since I didn't feel too much like shrimp, the server got me some crab claws which weren't on the menu.  The claws were quite delicious!  As well as the home-made pickles. One of group ordered the roullettes and said they were phenomenal.  Another in our group ordered the flamenkuche, per my recommendation.  I lived for a bit in Alsace so I am pretty familiar with tarte flambee.  This thing was delicious but NOTHING like a real tarte flambee.  Being that tarte flambee is one of the only things I liked about my experience in France, I'm really glad I hadn't ordered it.  For anyone not looking for the real thing, it was really really tasty and bacony though.Okay, so my girl friend really hated the burger, and thought the spatzle was even worse ... but I loved the pork special, the value, and the fact that they brew their own German beer!  Food: Ordered an onion tart bacon pizza concoction to start things off.  The Emmenthaler cheese is SWEET.  And I think that's what makes the flamenküche (yeah, try pronouncing it) work, the combination of sweet and savory made my tummy happy but at $13, it was only a slightly overpriced tease compared to the amazing pork special I dived into next.  That dish is big, succulent and at $15, probably the best value of any one entree I had all week in New Orleans.  The pork is resting on top of crab and  crawfish stuffed cornbread that layers the bottom of the plate so it almost resembles a casserole, or a Thanksgiving stuffing.  In between the pork and the stuffed cornbread is a generous heaping of greens (kale? spinach?  whatever it was, it tasted great mixed with the sauce from the pork).  The burger on the other hand ... one of the more expensive items on the menu at $16, we both were expecting more, especially after reading the newspaper clippings lining the inside of the restaurant that all raved about this one item in particular.  Sure, it was big and pretty, but the meat really lacked any distinct flavor.  It was kind of bland, and the spatzle my girl friend opted for on the side was even worse.  Our waiter was kind enough to throw in a complimentary order of pommes frites ("because they really are so good") that were also under-seasoned but which I happily devoured anyway.  Basically, you don't go to a John Besh restaurant and order a burger anyway, right?  SO don't follow our strategy either.Service: Our waiter was very conversational and a fellow foodie lover.  We even got to talking about great places to eat in Manhattan.  I just wish we spent more time talking about that damn spatzle because the way he described it to my girl friend was totally off.  We had never had the German staple before, so we were surprised to see what looked like macaroni salad on our table instead of the gnocchi he promised us in the totally inaccurate description.  Atmosphere: A real classy joint that is connected to the Hilton on the border between the French Quarter and the business district.  Every plate is served on top of a wooden carving board, which kind of blends the whole upscale American and hearty German atmosphere as well. There is a full bar also, and happy hour is a must (25 cent oysters and half off drinks and beers).  It feels like a place where business people go to enjoy themselves after a long day of work, checking their briefcases at the revolving door.  I guess you could compare it to the Wall Street crowd in Manhattan, although it's STILL New Orleans we're talking about, so don't worry about it being too stuffy in there.Value: As I mentioned earlier, I really do believe for the quality and quantity of food, Luke is a great value if you stick to the specials.  Happy Hour is one of those great specials, even if you don't like oysters (down a Sazerac or two) and for dinner, they offer 3-course specials at $23 a pop.  Not bad at all, and I heard super things about their chicken and matzah ball soup (one of the 3-course options to start).  Just don't order that burger everyone keeps talking about!Wow! If this place isn't in the mix for best burger in the city, then something is terribly wrong in the universe. The signature burger here, the Luke burger, is quite simply amazing. For starters, it is huge. There is probably a full pound of beef in it. They cook it the way you order it, which isn't always a given at restaurants - medium-rare came out perfectly medium-rare. Then they top the burger with melted cheese and a heap of delicious caramelized onions. If you want mayo, mustard or ketchup then you get little individual bottles on the side so you can add them to taste. Add some great lightly fried and salted french fries on the side and you have one amazing meal. (For extra points, you can even spice up the ketchup with the Tabasco sauce that is on every table, but I understand that not everyone likes their food as spicy as I do.)This restaurant is a little on the spendy side, but they do have an Express menu to help keep the cost down a little. For $23, which is very reasonable for the quality of the establishment, you can have a cup of soup, the entree of the day, and a dessert. They also have some good Happy Hour specials if you can make it there at the right time.Overall, this is a great place. The food is wonderful, and the place has a great atmosphere - the old timey tin ceilings are great! The service was a little slow the last time I was there, but I'm chalking that up as an anomaly and giving it 5 stars for the excellent, excellent food.Stopped by on a stormy day to find it nearly vacant at lunch time; I quickly found out it was because they had lost power and were not expecting their kitchen to begin producing hot food for another 30 minutes. Thankfully, I only wanted some oysters! The staff was super attentive, and I was quickly enjoying 6 of the largest oysters I've ever seen. They kept apologizing for the inconvenience, and the bartender gave me a free bowl of the gumbo base (sausage and okra). Then the oyster shucker handed me 2 more oysters on the house; all of the oysters were very fresh and mild. I can't speak to anything other than the oysters, really, or what their service is like during busy times, but what I experienced was fantastic!Came here last night with my boyfriend after an open bar event a few blocks away. We stumbled our way through the CBD and luckily, Luke had a table ready for us (thank god for flash floods and rainstorms keeping the majority of people home). I'm a fan of the hotel/bank decor, but slippery stone floors and a tipsy rain-soaked me was not a good combination. We sat at a table and immediately ordered wine and appetizers: the rabbit and duck liver pate and a roast beet salad. My Bellini was great, with the fresh peach really resonating, but Daniel was unsatisfied with his wine (it came in a tumbler like Italian wine... weird). The pate was the hit of the night! So smooth and rich and buttery, accompanied with Creole mustard, tiny pickles, and 2 fruit relishes on buttery crisp toast. INCREDIBLE. We literally scraped the cute little glass container out. Restaurant August needs to take a tip on pate from Luke because this was seriously superior.For an entree we shared the moules and frites. Amazing fries, fresh and hot, and a great creamy buttery garlic broth with the mussels (although a few were shriveled and overcooked). At this point we were happily satiated and thus declined dessert... and still, dinner was only $60! I've come before for the oysters and they are great and ESPECIALLY reasonable for happy hour. Their house microbrewed beers are delicious, although the cochon de lait sandwich I tried before was somewhat dry and bland. One of my favorite mid-priced spots for a chill delicious dinner. Can't wait to come back.An amazing concept that delivers! I had wanted to try Luke for awhile now, but we couldn't get down to NO until this month.. Luke made it worth the wait.. My wife and I love France and the food, while Luke is a mix of classic French and German flair the French side is definitely the shining star here.. The decor is a bit simplistic, but in a good way. Light colored hardwoods and shared bench seating are both warm, comfortable and inviting.The menu is is a bit German, a good amount of French and a splash of Creole added. We started out with the gumbo which was perfectly balanced and seasoned well. I'm not a seafood lover and I have to say this was the best gumbo I have ever tasted, my wife agreed. Oh before I forget.. The French bread and butter were done so well it would have made Lionel Poilane smile..For mains my wife had the crab ravioli and I had the ribeye, both were excellent.The pasta looked and tasted handmade and the sauce was creamy yet delicate, while the crab was fresh and large.The ribeye I had was great, I want to address the comment below about  the ribeye being mostly fat.. Ribeyes are just that, a well marbled cut of meat which lends itself well to being slow roasted (Prime rib, Standing rib roast) when grilled the fat will be more prominent especially at lower temps.. Maybe he got a bad cut, but knowing your proteins is half the battle.. Back to the steak, I enjoyed my ribeye and the presentation on a wooden cutting board is a nice touch, however I did not care for the béarnaise sauce.. The fries were a bit salty for me, but I'm a hypersensitive to course salts so some might like them.. After brushing the salt off the taste was spot on and tasted like they were fried in a good oil not just plain ole veg.For dessert we split the bread pudding and were pleasantly surprised at the souffle style presentation.. The taste was good, however the ice cream could use some work and I would try another dessert next time.. Even with the ice cream, it's still a very, very good dessert, I'm just more of a chocolate lover.. Drinks at Luke are AMAZING! It's not the typical NO drinks, these are high end fine cocktails.. The French 75 is well worth the price of admission and the brandied cherries that are put in random drinks are out of this world good.. Also, any time someone goes to the trouble to put a super high end Italian steam pump espresso machine in his restaurant I'm impressed.. The latte my wife had was better than I can make at home using peaberry Jamaican blue mountain.. For the value, concept and variety this is one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans..Five StarsHappy hour for the win!! It really can't get any better than 50 cents an oyster.  The oysters were fresh, large and delicious.  They come pre-shucked so you don't have to do any dirty work.  Simply season them to your liking and slurp it down.  it was notable that none of the 60 oysters that we ordered had any sand in them.  Lüke -- you've really impressed me!The servers were friendly and checked on us frequently.  Unlike most restaurants, happy hour applies to the whole establishment so you don't have to scout out a seat at the bar.  Half price on wine, beer and specialty cocktails.  Now if only I can find an oyster spot like this back home....This was one of my fav's in Naw'Leans!  John Besh, you've made a fan outta me!When you're having cocktails at a venerable NOLA institution and the bartender there recommends another bar, you go. Thus it was that we left Antoine's for Luke on our way to a late dinner. Sitting at the bar, we asked about the oysters on hand and ordered half a dozen Blue Points, plus a dozen steamed, chilled mussels. There was suddenly a rush of activity and the bartender was delayed about twenty minutes; although we assured him we weren't in a hurry, he apologized profusely and then threw in extras of both. Great guy!The shellfish arrived on a round tray on a thick bed of crushed ice, accompanied by plenty of lemon, cocktail sauce and horseradish (asking for more lemon is a pet peeve at raw bars, so I appreciated this.) They were superb. The mussels were perfectly tender and flavored with herbs, with a subtle spicy kick; the oysters were plump, briny and sweet, as oysters should be. I'm forgetting drinks: I had a wonderful Belgian witbier, redolent of banana, and my husband ordered a Death in the Afternoon. The bartender didn't know how to make it but gamely followed his tutorial, asked a couple of questions and then just charged us for house champagne. I cannot say enough good things about the service!After an hour in the sublime hubbub of the bar, we were reluctant to go on to dinner --  but enjoyed our experience there just as much (see Borgne review for more details!)After eating and enjoying Luke for many years, tonight has changed my opinion.  After recently doing some Reveillon menu research on nomenu.com, I found Luke listed, visited their web site and was excited to explore their offering in person and in conjunction with a birthday/Christmas family celebration.  Tonight, 18 December 2013, we made reservations and went to Luke. Let me begin with the service.  Upon arrival, it was paltry - at best - with the exception of one kind gentleman waiter who seemed to get it and really care.  We started with 2 dozen raw oysters - that seemed to be shucked an hour earlier and left on a cooling rack.  Needless to say, it would have been nice to have freshly shucked and cocktail sauce of better quality than Sysco ketchup.I chose the Reveillon.  The 1st course - I opted for the boudin.  It was not nearly as good as other local options like Cochon or Toup's Meatery, but sadly it was the best thing brought to the table in the four courses.  For the 2nd Course, I ordered turtle soup.  Let me preface that I am a Cajun and eat just about anything; and rarely, if ever, send anything back.  Tonight, I sent the turtle soup back.  After being blown away two nights prior at R'evolution, this seemed like canned soup with three or four small pieces of turtle meat.  (quail, duck or deviled eggs or sherry were not involved or offered).For the main course, the Flounder with crabmeat and spinach topped with what may as well been Velveeta was overdone, salty and quite small. In fairness, the spinach was nice. Although others had to wait longer for drinks than I did, the Tin Roof on tap was delightful.  After having enough of the sub par food and long waits, we opted to take the desert home; but that took time too. I offer this to fellow locals and travelers visiting New Orleans.  I appreciate sharing and receiving good, objective information - especially about food; and I want others to have the best meals possible - regardless of the price point - while in New Orleans.  Christmas festivities turned into a Last Supper for Luke.Happy Holidays!Did someone say .50 cent oysters from 3-6pm EVERYDAY??!!this has got to be the best deal in town??unless you know of some other nice rest establishment in Nola with a better deal. holla at me!! After all the superhigh prices and average tasting gumbo, jambalaya and Poboys! i was glad to have found Luke's and their oysters!! I'm no oyster connoisseur but you can't beat .50 cent!! the oyster not the rapper! =P It's right on St Charles on the parade route and right beneath Hilton St Charles!! oh yea, half price beers and cocktails as well from their menu!! def HAPPY TIMES!Front of the house was very polite but I was already hungry so I think I seemed rude to ignore the greeting in order to give them my reservation information.  We sat next to table that just kept growing with diners.Great gumbo.  I preferred the plat lyonnaise over the etouffee.  I went here for dinner and loved having a paper to read.  The waiter was very helpful about recommendations.  I think you can do better than the vanilla cake with creme fraiche for dessert though.5 stars coming from a generally skeptical, sometimes thrifty , and ALWAYS critical Yelper. We came to Luke seeking inexpensive oysters and any type of happy hour drink special. What we got was an amazing happy hour AND dinner experience, after we couldn't bring ourselves to leave. I wish I was still there now.First off, FIFTY CENT oysters. My table of New Yorkers (accustomed to $3 oysters) almost died from both sticker shock, and then the amount of seafood consumed. The oysters were HUGE and unlike anything I've ever experienced. Oysters and horseradish sauce? Never would have thought. Now, a combo I cannot forget. On to the most amazing appetizer of all time : Pate of rabbit and chicken livers. Absolutely, to die for. Along with the crispy bread for the pate, the app comes with delicious mustard and PICKLED WATERMELON bits. Together, a perfect marriage of flavors. This best $10 ever spent is what sold us on staying for dinner.Dinner: I got the jagerschnitzel. This consisted of a gigantic amount of veal covering a layer of home made pasta in bacon mushroom sauce. Everyone tried it. Everyone LOVED it. I am not typically into gigantic portions but brought home easily another huge meals worth. Lastly, and certainly not least: for the duration of most of our meal, drinks were at happy hour pricing. This equates to $4 juleps, the best I ever could have imagined, and $4.50 sazeracs. Service was consistently attentive and knowledgeable throughout the evening. The whole experience was a great value.Got to eat at Luke twice recently, once late (10pm-ish) and once for lunch.  I'd give them a star just for the daring of running an Alsatian (i.e., not Parisian) bistro in New Orleans, which has, I think, nothing else like this.  Alsatian food is great, but badly underappreciated in the US.  John Besh, I salute you.Like Lilette, you get a real bistro feel here.  The decor is perfect.  We came in late one night for what amounted to a second dinner and liked it so much, we came back for lunch 2 days later.The dishes:Salad of chicory, lardons of Allen Benton's bacon croutons and soft poached yard egg with creole mustard and tarragon.  Delicious - not too heavy, but the bacon gives it a great nuance. Fries - these need a separate mention.  They're absolutely perfect - crunchy with a strong potato flavor.  Superb!Moules et frites - the Belgians should be worried about their dominance with this dish, as Luke's is terrific.  Nice traditional broth with chives and just a little bit of cream.  Slurpable!Shrimp farci with blood orange hollandaise, crabmeat and shrimp - I wasn't sure what this was (should've asked about the meaning of 'farci'), but took a small gamble.  They chop up the shrimp and crabmeat, then bread it and fry it.  That hollandaise really makes this dish - it's lovely.I thought about giving Luke 4 stars, but that would be ungenerous - it's great.Their 50 CENT Oysters are legit!I was surprised they were open on Mardi Gras given that they are located ON the parade route.  Other restaurants shut down the whole weekend until Ash Wednesday and they are nowhere near the parades so bonus points for that!  Definitely come here for happy hour (3-6pm) and you can get 50 cent LARGE oysters and half off most drinks.  My boyfriend and I also tried their Luke burger which was surprisingly big enough to share (after ordering 2 dozen oysters).  We told the server we were splitting the burger and they were nice enough to cut it in half and serve on separate boards with our own regular serving of fries (no extra charge).  Awesome gesture but unfortunately it tasted more like an order of salt with some fries.  Other than that, the burger was delicious!  The oysters were fresh!  Oh and I appreciate the plastic "to-go" cups so no pressure finishing your beer there. =)Food:I'll be honest, we came for $0.50 oysters during happy hour 3-6 PM every day - nice medium to large oysters, fresh, meaty, not sweet, but not too salty either. I can eat 2, maybe 3 dozen, if I was really hungry. The shame was I didn't have much appetite in the heat when we visited in March. Our 2nd night, I did try the bread pudding with whiskey sauce ($8), and it was scrumptious. We also tried the Blue Point oysters from Connecticut, but these were so salty, I could barely eat 2. I do prefer sweet-tasting oysters with more delicate brine flavor.Service:We sat at the bar next to the oyster station because we like chatting with and watching the shuckers work, and it was great. The servers are friendly, chatty, and personable. :) Location:Luke is located in the Hilton, on St. Charles, 3 blocks from Canal Street. Easy walking from the French Quarter, and so worth it, if you're looking to chow down on oysters. :)My husband and I were visiting New Orleans from Denver and made a reservation for Sunday night. I had been to New Orleans before and had been to several of John Besh's restaurants but had not tried Luke. We came a bit early and were told that it was a slow night and we could be seated anytime. We decided to sit up at the bar and have a few drinks (always sit at the bar when visiting places, you'll always get the best stories). The bartender Amelie was a delight and made us several perfectly balanced cocktails. Before we sat down to dinner, Amelie had shared several cocktail recipes with us that we promptly saved in our phones.  When we were ready for dinner they sat us up near the kitchen, which you can look into while the chefs are working. We ordered the chicken liver pate as an app and I ordered the plum duck breast and my husband ordered the shrimp and grits. Both were outstanding. We didn't even ask our servers (Camille and Cheyenne) for dessert but could see that we were going all out on this meal and brought us two desserts. Two words. Salted caramel. Wow. The general manager, Robert so pleasant and accommodating. Top knotch food and service. It was really the staff, who went above and beyond to make sure we had a fab meal, that put this over the top for us. I'd go back again and again if I could keep eating like that and not be a huge fatty. The only thing that would've made this meal any better was it Chef Besh himself was in the house.  By far, this was the "Besh" meal I've had in recent memory. You will not be disappointed.I'm a soon to be ex-Tulane student and during the last few years I've been trying to explore the New Orleans food culture to its fullest, by trying everything I could in my brief time. But most importantly, I wanted to find "my" restaurant, the one that I'll go back to many, many times, the one that never gets old. My search isn't over but Lüke nearly took that title.I'll be straightforward, this was one of my favorite dining experiences in New Orleans so far, if not the best I've had during my time here. Maybe I was having a good day or something great occurred recently, but this meal hit home.I went to Lüke my first time on a weekday night around 10, grabbed a seat at the bar, and began to look over the menu for a good 20 minutes, having a great deal of trouble deciding what I want to get. The mix between German, French, and American cuisine was almost overwhelming. After much deliberation, I almost went with the Canard Roti, but this night, when the classic rock kicked on the speakers, I decided on the Lüke burger (I don't know why the music matters but it did at the time). Once the burger arrived (very quickly), I did not realize what I was about to eat. This might have been the best burger I ever had. An over reaction? Maybe. But really, It was so damn good. I finished it in a few minutes hardly noticing a couple staring at me from 2 seats over, commenting on my "Man vs. Food 'blank stare'". Primal eating at its best. To wash it all down I enjoyed Lüke's own beer "Lüke Alt", which went perfectly with the burger. The French fries were great, the perfect amount, fresh and crispy.   In short, I highly recommend this place to anyone who wants a great environment, great service, and delicious food. It could be a perfect spot for a casual date or for a night out to get some great food while downtown.I could have the Shrimp and grits 3 meals a day! :-)Great bar area in front section if with adults; highly entertaining glass walled kitchen for the kids to watch in the rear.  All in all, one of our favorite places in NO.Probably New Orleans' best restaurant. It's like a modern version of a classic New Orleans restaurant.The crab gnocchi is something you must try. It's pricey, but real truffle isn't cheap. There aren't many people not considered foodies who have ever had truffle. So if you're curious, get this. The truffle shares the stage with the crabmeat and the gnocchi is just the delivery system. One of the best dishes I'ver had. I've been here about 4 times and have never been disappointed.I picked this restaurant for my friends and I to try, and I think I had the worst breakfast! I judge places on if they can do the basics best, so I ordered the Southern Breakfast. Nothing on my plate was crazy amazing, and the bacon was WAY too salty. I mean, I prefer salty over sweet 90 percent of the time, but this was inedible. Tragic. One pal ordered an omelette with a crabcake inside, and she said that was killer. My other friend had a ridiculous-looking croque monsieur and also commented on its deliciousness. Sigh. I messed up. But I really wanted eggs and a biscuit!It was kind of pricey, and I left feeling like I could have found something better elsewhere. Plus, no Besh sighting. Oh well.Luke is the hotel restaurant for Hilton St. Charles and is run by celebrity chef John Besch as the place a chef would want to hang out after work.  The bar is the center piece.  It's long and inviting.  There are no televisions.  Instead, it's all business with drinks being made, a fancy espresso machine, and the oyster shucker and seafood guy.  Notably, Luke has their own microbrew beers that are designed by the same guy who designed Abita Amber.  It's some of the best beer in town and it's on tap only at Luke.The staff at Luke is phenomenal.  They are serious about their jobs, there are a lot of staff members, they are pretty responsive to your needs.  I think the managers being on site and very visible and engaged with the staff helps a lot.  Next to ACME, Luke probably has the best raw oysters in the city.But Luke is known for it's burgers and fries.  They are very good and have only the best quality ingredients.  Other dishes are extremely rich as well. I have had every item on the menu several times--none of it is healthy but all good.But the overlooked meal by Luke is breakfast.  They have homemade yogurt, some of the best Anson grits you will ever have, and some of the best coffee (served in a french press) with cream in the city of New Orleans.  Hands down it is one of the best coffees.  I like to just swing in during a tough day at work and indulge in coffee and fries.  This is truly an underrated New Orleans restaurant.  Sure it's just a hotel bar and eatery.  But the food has a soul.  The staff is very friendly and attentive.  The restaurant is upscale and yet relaxed.  I strongly recommend it as one of the better restaurants in the FQ area. One side note: people complain about the prices at Luke.  They are about $5 too high for everything (eg. cheeseburger is $16, but it's a phenomenal burger that you'd definitely pay $11 for.)  The restaurant has ample seating up front near the bar area.  There are also tables in the back.  Large groups should call ahead to arrange for seating.So begins our New Orleans vacation and boy did we come out of the gates swinging.  We landed around 6:30 am, checked in at the hotel and went straight for food. What should I eat at 7:45 am?  You guys have a burger? I'll take it!  Man was this a burger. Brought out on a cutting board alongside a cup of crispy seasoned fries, this burger blew me away. The patty practically melted away and barely stuck together. Inside it was topped with a fat slice of cheese, huge and juicy tomato, semi-crispy bacon (just the way I like) and deliciously sweet grilled onions. Without expecting it, I think I found a rival to the Father's Office burger. The girl went for a more traditional breakfast item and ordered the Grillades and Grits. Yeah, they were pretty good, but I couldn't waste more than a bite because I had that huge burger to work on.Before returning to New Orleans for this trip, the only thing I had cared to visit Luke for was the amazing happy hour- like everyone else I wanted my 50 cent oysters and a beer to boot. But once there, I realized how much more this small spot really offered, so much so that we came back a second time, making our first and last meals of the trip both John Besh meals (wait, our last meal was lunch at August, but that counts too!).I don't need to tell you about the oysters- as other people have said, they're large, very clean, and super fresh, and were even worth it without the happy hour special. And the cocktails were really fantastic too -- perfect mint juleps, and I also enjoyed my Absinthe Suissette, even though I'm not a huge absinthe fan in general. My biggest surprise was the rest of the food-- I'm not a huge fan of German food (too heavy and have had lots of bad spatzle in my lifetime, too), but I love what Besh is doing here, with the German-Franco bistro fare. A note for all- two people dining is NOT ENOUGH to really enjoy the goodness this place has to offer. Our first time, my partner and I ordered just a dozen oysters and the rabbit and duck liver pate, thinking it would be a small meal. WRONG. I couldn't believe it when they brought out a mason jar full of pate, with bread and full housemade condiments (relishes, mustard) to boot. My guilt at wasting food nearly made me sick, trying to finish the pate (we failed). Silly us, we made an even worse mistake the second trip, splitting the hogshead cheese, cochon du pied, dozen oysters, AND a croque madam! The croque madam was split in half, and each of us got a full order of fries each, even though we'd asked to split one order! Total fail again.. but what a magnificent fail it was. Everything perfectly cooked, with friendly and prompt service to boot even late at night. The prices were more than reasonable, though we did stick mainly to starters, cocktails, and those oysters and shared everything. Would love to have a spot like this in SoCal, though I don't think my liver or cholesterol levels could take it!Best gumbo in New Orleans and a truly superior bread pudding.Just stay away from any of the bartender's special drink concoctions -- he thinks substituting apple for pineapple juice is reasonable.Okay I am just going to go ahead and say it...  I wasn't very impressed.My boyfriends burger was dry and I mean DRY.  Besides that though everything was quite good, but really nothing so out of this world.  I had the mussels which were delicious.  My cocktail was tasty.  I would go back but I have other nice restaurants I would want to try before that.The cocktails are delicious, especially the French 75!  Our server was a little rough around the edges but nice enough and efficient.  The boudin noir was AMAZING! Actually the potatoes, apples, onions and sausage were the stars, the boudin noir itself was pretty mild in flavor.  The pate of rabbit and duck liver was delicious too! I love the presentation with individually jarred pates and LOTS of it, 4 accompaniments and lovely buttered baguette toasts to spread everything on.  The crocque monsieur - OMG - I'm already in heaven and may very well die of clogged arteries!  It was also very delicious. The cheese sandwich was rich and decadent and the fries put this dish over the top.  Again, the presentation was rustic, simple and appealing.  A must try restaurant in New Orleans!My wife and I celebrated our birthday's at Luke tonight. Have been reading a lot about this location here. I warned my wife about the service issues mentioned in some of the reviews. We arrived 15 minutes earlier than our reservation time. We were greeted with a smile at the hostess stand and seated immediately. We were sat in the rear of the restaurant where we could see the kitchen. Our waitress arrived quickly and took our drink orders. We had the French 75 and one the namesake dark draft beers. The beer was excellent, the French 75 was strong, but one of those drinks that you just wanted to drink one after another, after another...(the kind that can be "silent but deadly"!)We ordered the rabbit and duck liver pate. A great choice. Not a fan of the pickled watermelon rind though. The stone ground mustard was a great condiment to add to the the bread. For entrees I ordered the ribeye steak and fries. The steak came out perfect. Med. rare, warm hot pink center and crunchy crust on the outside. It had a large pat of garlic butter on top. Steak sauce NOT needed. The fries were good. I had read somewhere that they were fried in "duck fat"? The waitress said, no. Where did I get that idea? I did not like the mini bottle of ketchup and mayo. Wanted a larger quantity I guess.My wife ordered the shrimp and grits. A tasty dish, although not a large portion like I have seen at other restaurants. She enjoyed it and we shared our dishes with each other. For dessert we ordered the gateau basque cake and a chocolate mousse of which I cannot recall the name. The cake was fantastic. Very dense in the center and a nice crunchy crust on the outside. Strawberries that had been infused with grand marnier were the topping. We also had the coffee with the dessert. A great birthday meal. Our first visit to a John Besh restaurant.  Our waitress took great care of us.  Must try Domenica and Restaurant August soon. Luke was fantastic.  Gotta get back there for happy hour.Much love for this place! So why only 4 stars? Well, the chairs can be improved....that story at the end. Gabe and I went here at his suggestion for his "better late than never" birthday dinner. One of the few times I'm allowed to pick up the tab ;)He opted for beer and I opted for wine. Both enjoyable. He got the special which was some kind of sweet and spicy fried chicken. I got the shrimp and grits. The portions were small for those used to large meals but for us, it was perfect. Left room for more beer later. Atmosphere was dark and cozy. Everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. Wait staff was friendly and efficient. Made reservations, arrived early and seated immediately. So about those chairs.... They're super cute but as I leaned over to grabbed my card that leaped off the table, I went down sloooowly. It was funny actually. A manager ran up to see if I was ok. Between my giggles, I told her "yes". Glad it wasn't a first date lol. So was it the wine that caused my graceful descend or the unsteady chair? Let's just say, not 5 mins later, a man at another table fell too....hahaha! I'm blaming the chairs.Loved this restaurant. Probably the best grilled cheese sandwich I've ever had. Also enjoyed some delicious oysters. Very friendly service which made the experience even more enjoyable.Trust the reviews! Every bit as delicious as promised.We're only visiting for the weekend so we're not all that familiar with the area, Luke's was close to our hotel so we gave it a shot. I had the grilled ham, cheese and egg which was excellent. Others had the seafood gumbo which they enjoyed also. I definitely recommend this place for reasonable prices and very tasty food.This places lives up to the Besh-hype. Arrived right at 5pm on a Monday hoping to enjoy an hour of their happy hour (half price drinks and draft beer as well as $.50 oysters. We were sat immediately despite not having a reservation.  We ordered a French 75, dozen oysters, and  shrimp en cocotte (basically the best shrimp and grits ever) and loved every bit of it. Besh knows what he is doing so do yourself a solid and RUN to Luke!Went here on Christmas Day actually, and it is really great.  Wife had the Burger, which is just awesome, huge and delicious.  Even the fries are good.  It's right up my alley to have a nice restaurant with a gourmet burger.  Cocktails are delicious as well.  Highly recommend it.Came here for Sunday brunch, and it was just okay. A french restaurant that reminded me a lot of Bouchon in Las Vegas. Even their logo was in the light green color like Bouchon.We started off with oysters, and they were fresh and tasty. Oysters in New Orleans are so large! Love it!Also had a belini which was a great way to start off the meal. The bread they serve in a napkin, so warm, fresh, and pure perfection. By far, the best part of the meal. We also ordered foie gras, which was good, but I'm not the biggest fan, so I didn't appreciate it as much. went well with the croutons they provide, or with the bread as well.I was craving breakfast food, so I went with the Southern Breakfast. Grits, bacon, egg whites, and I substituted the biscuit with french fries as I was craving me some fries as well. A pretty carbalicious brunch. 3 others got the croque madame with the fried egg on top, one got the shrimp and grits, and the other got the pulled pork and ham sandwich.When my food came out, it looked a bit unappealing as all you see is white mush with 2 small strips of bacon. The grits were okay, a bit bland, and the eggs and bacon were normal. My friend really enjoyed her shrimp and grits, and the sandwiches came out on this fabulous cutting board. Very nice touch. Had a bite of the croque madame, and it was tasty. Fries were good as well, can't go wrong with french fries! My friend said her pulled pork sandwich tasted even better later in the day, which is always a good sign! Our server was great, tended to all our needs. I wish I could rate this place higher, but my breakfast was just so-so unfortunately.Would like to come back though for a happy hour or try out their dinner entrees.I liked this place very much.Oysters - very fresh.Shimp boiled in a little spicy water - very good.Rabbit and chicken liver mousse - excellent, sweet (from the rabbit livers) slightly undersalted.Flamenkuche - very goodChou croutte. The saurkraut was too sweet and the sausage was just ok but the smoked and braised shank was unreal.Shrimp etouffe - really whrimp and crab in cream sauce with garganelli.  Good.Strawberry galette - strawberries were great butt he galette was under cooked a bit and doughy.  Needed a sugar sprikling on the outside.Amazing service and a good wine list.In this traditionally Catholic town, one problem confronting the out-of-town visitor can be where to eat on a Sunday night, when many restaurants are closed.  Fortunately Lüke is OPEN!As most people already know, this is a part of John Besh Empire -- uh, sorry, John Besh Restaurant Group -- this, said to be Alsatian influenced.  As with every dining experience I've ever had at one of his restaurants, the meal was SUPERB!For appetizers, I started out with the pâté of Louisiana rabbit and duck livers, scented with truffle and served with Dijon mustard, caramelized sweet onions, pickled watermelon and housemade croutons -- a surprisingly large portion, and positively wonderful.  Meanwhile, Lynn had the Badischer presskopf (hog's head cheese) -- about twice the amount she expected appeared on the plate, and it just may have been twice as good, too!We each opted for the salad of chicory, lardons of Allen Benton's bacon, croutons and a soft poached yard egg, with creole mustard and tarragon -- excellent -- while Amy selected the fried oyster, bacon, romaine and avocado salad (her Tennessee roots blending with her time in California:  fried food and avocado: what could be better?) that was as good as it gets.For our mains, I chose the moules et frites (Prince Edward Island mussels steamed with garlic and thyme with housemade fries) for $18.  I mention the price, because -- can I just ask:  who serves FIVE DOZEN MUSSELS???  After ploughing my way through 36 of these excellent and tasty little morsels, I waved the white flag of surrender, and apologized for the poor 24 that were sacrificed needlessly . . . .Lynn had the Louisiana redfish with a sauce meunière -- and instead of one fillet, she received two . . . perfectly delicious, yet she, too, failed to finish the second one.Amy, feeling smug that she skipped the appetizer course ("What were y'all thinking?"), chose the Lüke burger -- served with tomatoes, Allen Benton's bacon, caramelized onions, and Emmenthaler cheese with housemade fries -- yet she, too, could only make it halfway through . . . .So the lesson at Lüke is to only order ONE thing!  Well, maybe not, but you gotta save room for the bread pudding -- the best I've had in NOLA since 1970!  Honest . . . .I would have given Luke five stars but they made us wait 15 minutes before anyone came to our table to greet us. Also, to get drinks, apps, and bread it also took a long time. In general the service was spotty as the servers seldom came to the table - we wanted to drink!Anyway the food is fantastic. I had the crispy redfish meuniere which i highly recommend. However, my friend had the pork shin and bratwurst. I think I ate more of the delicious shin than be did. Truly amazing. If you like thin and crispy fries then order a side of them.This place is beautiful. The shrimp and grits changed my life. It's now my favorite dish on the planet and I compare every plate to the one I got at Luke's years back. The first thing we did this year when we arrived in New Orleans was to call in a to-go order of that deliciousness. It's even great from a take-out box, spooned slowly into my waiting mouth with a plastic utensil, while sitting in bed in a hotel room during one of those epically beautiful Louisiana thunderstorms.The fresh, gigantic sweet shrimp from the raw bar are great, the cocktails are pretty good, and the pork belly was fantastic.The bartender we encountered last time was kind of a bitch who was only interested in the 2 rich young gentlemen seated down the bar from us, but that's okay. The food is so good that I don't care about the uselessness of dingbats with too much makeup on, desperate for male attention.I was in the mood for a fancy burger and the one at Lüke was pretty damn tasty and seemingly the size of a VW hubcap.Good fries, skinny and crispy.I was also half buzzed, so I started my meal off with the boudin noir.  It was decent, but easily overshadowed by the diced apples and bacon it was served with.  If I could just eat a skillet of those, I'd be a happy camper.My only gripe is the accompanying condiments...really?  Teeny room service bottles of Heinze mayo, ketchup, and mustard?  I know you share a space with the Hilton, but how about some house made shit?Loved this little find. Had a great dinner late night. Some really good gumbo, decent coq-au-vin, amazing crab raviolis. Really good drinks (mint julep, yum!) and good creme brulee, though I prefer mine warm... Theirs was cool.Really nice atmosphere. I'd definitely go back and recommend to those traveling through NOLA looking for a decent meal at a not-so-steep price.Oh, hello, really cool restaurant in the heart of New Orleans. I think I love you. Based on a friend's recommendation, I visited Luke during my last NOLA trip, and I was not disappointed. Shrimp and Grits? YES. Baked Oyster appetizer? YES YES. Go. Enjoy.this place is so great! I'm holding myself back to go a third time in 2 days! best burger in town, maybe in the state! best burger I've ever had! drinks were delicious! last night we had a terrible server but everything else was so good and I had had a few drinks, so I could care less. Since the bar was right behind us we just got up every time we wanted a drink, so we didn't have to "burden" our waiter. worked out just fine. the only reason why i didn't give five stars it because of that one crappy waiter who seemed to have his panties in a twist. poor guy, maybe he was just having a bad night, i hope that was just it. no worries he still got his tip, of course. as a server i understand, we all have our moments. love this place, love love this place. first time we went for breakfast, and i loooooove grits. so i ordered them with a couple poached eggs, biscuit and some bacon. the grits were luke-warm, so i sent them back, and oh boy I was glad I did, the server came back with a fresh batch and MAN they were awesome. the pork sandwhich with cherry dijon mustard was FANTASTIC too. can't wait to get back to the big easy so I can stop by one more time and try something else!I dig the feel of this place--  old school new york subway station meets  fancy southern restaurant.However, the meal didn't live up to the setting.  The oysters were outstanding, but the prepared dishes felt short (meh on the salad and the shrimp). Also, the service was painfully slow.I was worried when I found that this was located in a hotel, but the food does NOT taste like hotel food.  The ambiance was not what we were seeking, but then, we arrived during the extremely popular "happy hour" when oysters are 50 cents each.  After the end of the cheap oyster period, the place got much quieter.The food was extremely good, and we walked out feeling we had eaten a great deal more than we hoped, but we could not have eaten less.   It was very good.  The service was excellent, and we would recommend Luke, even if you have to walk a little to get there.  Who can complain about walking in New Orleans?This place was sooooo great.  The servers were so nice, and I ordered jumbo Louisiana shrimp "en cocotte" (shrimp and grits)...AmazingAnd for dessert...wait for it....Brennan's Bread Pudding with vanilla bean ice cream and hot buttered pecan sauce.  After the rest of the table that didn't order any dessert saw me take 2 bites 2 of the 3 dug in, and finished it off, the 3rd person stayed away only because they had allergies to nuts.I will be back FOR SURE!!Went in for happy hour and it was great! 50 cent oysters (huge by the way) and half off glasses of wine were a great way to spend an afternoon. We also had the fried oysters and they were crispy with a slight spice. The cocktails were also inventive and tasty. We sat at the bar and the staff was great and very helpful. If I lived in NO I would be here a lot.Credit due to Pierre for another great find in a Hilton.  This was one of the few places left with last minute Christmas Eve reservations so we took it without knowing much.  Pierre said it was a John Besh joint and wouldn't disappoint.  Who dat?  I would soon find out.Continuing with my oyster extravaganza, we ordered 1/2 kumamoto and 1/2 local.  Entrees: I had the jumbo Louisiana shrimp "en cocotte" with white corn grits and Poche's andouille.  The friend ordered my first choice, the shrimp farci.  It came with a fried ball of crabmeat and shrimp with a blood orange hollandaise sauce.  I also got to try the Luke burger, and the bread pudding for dessert.Local was better than kumamoto. Gasp!!  I was totally expecting kumamoto to be better, but am glad I enjoyed good local oysters.My overall impression was: strong and well balanced flavors.  The shrimp was huge, tender, and flavorful.  The grits were a complete surprise.  I really don't like grits, but keep ordering them in hopes that I'll find something I can tolerate.  It figures, I have to go to the South for awesome grits.  It was so creamy and umami filled that I just kept eating it till it ran out.  The blood orange hollandaise was complete and utter magic in my mouth.  Everything else on the plate was a distraction from the goodness of Mr. Besh's magical concoction.  Burger was also great.  Meat had little fat content, hence it falling apart when you bit into it, but it was really flavorful and I didn't mind the meat falling apart, it only reminded me that it IS actually grounded up beef rather than a hockey puck.  Bacon was really smoky and stood out.  Bread was of the artisan variety, yum.  For dessert we shared a bread pudding with a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top.  I'm not a caramel fan so it was a little too sweet, but otherwise solid.  Service was excellent.  We got great tips for things to do on Christmas day, a little bit of back story on our server's family, and extra blood orange hollandaise!! Man, Southern hospitality is something we need to bring to Cali.Only regret, missing $.50 oysters for happy hour :( Unheard of!!You couldn't really tell it was happy hour as it wasn't advertised anywhere on the menu, and the place was definitely not filled with crowds and it was more of a fancier place than anything else near the french quarter.  And the hostesses were absolutely not wanting to be there that day.But we knew why we were there.  Half off beer and 50 cent oysters.3 girls, 4 dozen oysters, $24.Excellent seafood jamabalya and crawfish bisque as well.Ready ... Set ... Feast!!I was here last week for breakfast. The food was good. My mother loved the pancakes with berry cane syrup. I had the southern breakfast, with the cane syrup sausage, which were delicious.         However, the service was terrible. Our sever was very nice, but he seemed to be the only server for the entire dining room. It took almost half an hour just to get a coffee refill. There were several people in server outfits just standing around. We asked one of them to bring water for the table, but it never came. I would give this place another try based on the food, but there are too many good restaurants in New Orleans to waste time and money on bad service.I'm on the fence with Luke based on very poor service yet very good food.  We were greeted by a not so warm hostess and told we would be seated on time based on our reservation. Unfortunately, shortly after a group of 7 came in and were ushered ahead of us because they knew someone working at the restaurant.  Perfectly fine under most circumstances, but not when that ends up with us being seated a half hour after we were told.  Once seated, I was further disappointed that our server didn't know much about the food she was serving. Oh well... Once the food came all was forgotten and I was a happy camper once again.   We had a lot to eat, but the roasted beets salad and cochon de lait sandwich were standout favorites.Who would have thought that one of our best dining experiences in New Orleans would have a German-inspired menu? Who cares?Wow, the food here was great...with a menu featuring the best of both German, French, and New Orleans Seafood, you can't go wrong. For the hungry man eaters, get the pork trio; it comes with a giant Bratwurst, a huge helping of pork belly, and  (as if that wasn't enough) a Flinstone's-sized pork shank. Plus some delicious sauerkraut. Nom nom. I had the ribeye steak, but only at the server's strong suggestion to try it; it seemed like a boring order at the time, but she was right - they make a phenomenal steak. Cooked perfectly, with a nice mix of Southern spices, I didn't feel bad at all. The whole menu has tons of great food, beer, and wine to choose from and the atmosphere is hip and casual...I would strongly recommend this place to anyone!I think this restaurant should be renamed Savory because that is what this restaurant seems to have perfected.  My wife and I decided to come for dinner last Sunday to celebrate our 2 month (yes, month) wedding anniversary.  Any excuse for an outing.  Anyway, everything seemed perfect.  The building itself is quite interesting with distinct parquet floors and the restaurant décor appears to be very basic, rustic, home like feel.  We were sat at the back of the restaurant where you can see into the kitchen through clear panels, a treat for anyone that likes to watch food being prepared.  The room was comfortable and not too loud with about 10-15 tables in the room.  On top of that, service was quick and friendly.The table ordered the rib eye et frites and the poulet grand-mere.  Both dishes were delicious and so savory.  The ribeye was ordered with the béarnaise which added just a bit of extra flavor to the steak, and the fries were thin and golden brown.  The chicken was amazing.  Sometimes I am somewhat cautious about ordering something so pedestrian, but I was not disappointed.  I was given about  1/2 of a small chicken with the wing removed.  The chicken skin was very brown and very well seasoned with herbs and probably quite a bit of butter.  The dish was served with a mix of lightly steamed vegetables and whipped mashed potatoes.  You really can't get any closer to comfort food than that.  In addition, everything was served together in a cast iron dish so all of the flavors from the chicken were easily mixing with the vegetables and the chicken.  I'm sure I will be back the next time I need some comfort food.Oh. My. Lord. Fried oyster salad and much wine. Creme brûlée is on the way! Rich has aggressive customer service. He knew our needs before we did!So I got the MEMO about the 50 cents oyster @ Happy Hour...and during our visit to NOLA...we were so eager to go to eat as many oysters possible at a steal deal price!Arrived around 4ish on a HOT (week)day. We both were tourists..wearing shorts, t-shirts and sandals just like MOST others in the bar (happy) hour area. The hostess was friendly but the waiter was just a plain @$$ ...pardon my language here.Yup, we got the head to toe look and he walked around and talked to us with his nose pointing to the ceiling, oh, come on!! We didn't care really... all we wanted were just some fresh oysters and great beer to wash away the heat.We ordered a dozen of the oysters and the duck liver and rabbit pate $8 with two glasses of beer (we later got a second round of beer).The oysters came out slowly.. we almost finished our beer when they arrived. They looked grossed and not cleaned well. I understand it was 50 cents each..but they shouldn't cut corners on cleanliness especially while serving raw food plus they are a fancy restaurant..how do you expect us to come back for the pricier dinner if you can't even clean the oysters well?We were thinking to order a couple more dozens but the fact that we tasted the debris from the oyster shucking process in each oyster PLUS the unappetizing look of the small shells sticking on the oyster' shells.. we just got turned off!The pate was excellent and we loved the pickled cucumber etc and the warm toasted bruchetta that came with it and $8 was certainly worth the priced. We licked it clean!!We were planning to go to Luke for a couple times during our NOLA visit and even considered going there for dinner (we watch food network and top chef masters) BUT our not-so-great first (and only) happy hour experience @ Luke left none to desire to come back.Our total tab including tax and tip was about $40... they get you on the alcohol..The pate is a 4 to 5 stars..the oyster price is also a 5 stars, BUT the snotty service and lack of cleanliness didn't make the cut..so I'm giving Luke a fair 3 stars.My friends and I decided to treat ourselves during a recent trip to NOLA.I had the express meal which is basically prix fix.  I started with a yummy crawfish bisque, followed by a delicious out of this world seafood stew. My Jesus! So rich and meaty with little rice, hey! Great portions. I finished with delicious bread pudding.  I was amazed by the generous portion.  There was enough for me to have several bites, for my good friend to taste  and for my boyfriend to thoroughly enjoy. My boyfriend had the steak. My goodness!!!  It was served on a wooden chopping block with compound butter and a side of fries. The steak was huge and succulent. I had a bite and mmm! Right up my boyfriend's alley!  The fries were a tasty accompaniment.My friend also had the express meal.  She was thoroughly pleased.  We both savored each bite of our express meal, especially the stew.  Our one complaint: service simply was not what we are accustomed to. We weren't sure if we were being ignored or that's just how things were. We were not served any bread, though other tables were.  We were left wondering if it was because we didn't order alcohol?  I prefer to eat my money rather than drink it, unless I'm at a bar of course...Either way, I do recommend Luke.  The food is delicious.All in all, I left full ad satisfied. My meal lasted me all te way until mid day brunch the next day. Even through my morning wokoit. Nice. !Came back during happy hour with a friend, and it was just FABULOUS!  We got two dozen oysters, and literally devoured it!  It was soooo good, especially after not having it for a while.  The oysters were a pretty good size, considering it is the off season.  We then ordered a cup of gumbo, the pate de campagne, and split an entree of shrimp and grits.  OMGOODNESS!  The shrimp and grits were absolutely scrumptious!  The sauce was just divine!  I loved everything about the dish.  The grits were at the perfect consistency and complemented the shrimp so well.  This dish was unanimously the best dish.  The gumbo was good and flavorful, and the pate was decent.  (Maybe I'm just not that big of a pate fan.)  We also got the bread pudding for dessert, which was good as always.  Can you believe two little Asian girls ate this much?!  Oh it's possible after a long week of school.  Hahah.We also had a very friendly waitress. She paid the perfect amount of attention to us and also brought the plates out in good intervals.  Overall, a lovely meal and I can't wait to come back for more!I had a really great experience at Luke! I went to lunch with my mom. She ordered the Luke Burger, I ordered the Cochon de Lait. I loved that they cut both of these in half so we were able to swap halves with each other. I must admit, the burger was phenomenal. I'm not sure if the Cochon de Lait just paled in comparison to the burger or if it wasn't spectacular, but either way, it was just "okay". Both came with generous portions of delicious french fries. We sat in the back room and got to enjoy the view of the chefs working behind the glass in a part of the kitchen, which was cool. I think I'll request the back room when I return. Desiree, our server, was excellent. I'm glad we lucked out after reading some of the reviews about the subpar service. She was friendly and checked on us just enough without being overbearing. My only gripe about the place was the fact that they served the soft drinks from little 8 oz bottles, like someone noted below. It's just a pain.I will definitely be returning and will recommend to friends!I basically have a crush on all John Besh restaurants and I LOVE that this place is open later than most!!The beet salad is great!  I love the mix of blue cheese and pistachios.  It's a perfect appetizer to go with the bread they bring out.  I went for the bacon cheeseburger, fancy I know.  This thing was huge and so good.  The fries that come with it are small and thin so if you're into that you'll be all over it.  I've been for brunch before a Saints game but since it was so crazy busy that day I can't judge the service too bad.  Everyone is distracted on football Sunday!  The waffle was delicious no matter how long it look.Came here on a Sunday night and it was fairly crowded. We had a reservation and were seated promptly. The restaurant is not too large, but not too small on the inside. It is a foodie experience in a casual setting. A no frills kind of place.We had the seafood gumbo and the Flemenkuche, which is a flat bread type dish. It was excellent! The combination of ingredients was just right and our whole table enjoyed this appetizer. I highly recommend trying this. For my entree, I had the Louisiana Jumbo Shrimp. The dish came out actually as a smaller portion thatn I had expected, but it was just right. The shrimp was huge and cooked to perfection, with the right amount of char.The service was good and by the time we left around 10:30pm, we were one of the last. Great last meal in NOLA!HAPPY HOUR OYSTERS & BEER!Stayed at the hotel and went down for HH. No waiting for a table. Our waiter was very, very sweet BUT he must have been new because he struggled with our questions...AND he was very, very slow. When we put in our drink orders, I had to remind him to bring the drinks after waiting 15 minutes. But I couldn't be mad at him- he was nice and he brought me a FREE beer & when I told him I love lemons- he brought me TWELVE lemon wedges....WOOHOO!! We had 5 dozen oysters (between 3 people), they were on the small side but you can't beat it for the price. They brought out vinegar as one of the condiments for the oysters and I am sold- loved it! Can't wait to go back!Cool wood floors, tall dark wood walls, lit candles,  old tin ceilings, a new orleans feel for sure. Mostly seafood items on the menu- just a heads up. I got the crab ravoli and the sauce on it was awesome. The ravoli was made by hand and tasted great. I tried the fries that had the perfect seasoning and came out in a mint julip cup. It wasn't too crabby tasting which I was a bit worried about. I had the St. Charlest Street Car to drink and it was good if you like fruity/sweet drinks. Other items i enjoyed was the hot appitizers. One was a deep friend beef type ball that looked like a hush puppy. Our service was slow and when we asked of what some of the favorites are said it was all good. I hate that answer. Just tell me what the signature dishes are. She still was on the fence and said try everything.Prices were a little high for the amount of food you get but its a higher-end nicer resturant. A great location for a special occasion or romantic date.$1 oysters 1/2 beers and cocktailsWhat more can a girl ask for?!?!This review is long over due, but I'll make it quick and let you judge for yourself.  I've been to New Orleans twice now.  Both trips, I've made it a point to go to Luke.  On the second trip, we went twice over the 5 day stay.  Yes, it really is that great.You may have noticed that I went to Domenica and Restaurant August as well.  They're just as good, but Lukes has a special place in my heart.  The happy hour is just wonderful!!  Half price French 75s, $1 oysters, and pates are decadent pleasures one can never encounter for a bargain, especially not with the same quality.  And man-oh-man, the oysters at Luke are plump, juicy, and sweet, reminiscent of the Tomales Bay variety!  Have not had much off the menu, but I'm sure it's top notch.  The appetizers alone are winners in my book. Can't wait until my next rendezvous at Luke, and hopefully to catch a glimpse of the talented Mr. Besh!Review for happy hour only:Luke has a great "happy hour" every day from 3-6 where all drinks are half off and raw oysters are on sale. Oysters used to be a quarter each, but they're now 50 cents due to the oil spill :(. Still a great deal though. Drinks-wise they have an extensive bar and wine list and a lot of great beers. Definitely try their house brews and the Covington Strawberry beer. Service is usually prompt as it's pretty slow this time of day for them.The short list first: Order the Shrimp & Grits, Cochon de Lait sandwich, & or the Stuffed Shrimp. Thank you to our Yelp research Mom, hubby, and I ordered these 3 dishes to share. I'm pretty convinced these are their top dishes, so if you stray from these I can't make any promises. Oh yea, & the burger at the neighboring tables looked awesome too, but we had had too many burgers that week already. We went here after missing service at Green Goddess. It was late afternoon at that time where many restaurants close for dinner prep, so keep this place in mind if you get caught in the situation where you can't find good grub during the 2:30-5 hours. The happy hour is super. I love it b/c it's so easy to remember. All drinks are 1/2 off. How simple is that? They also offer raw oysters at a good price during that time. I'd go back for sure. Oh! Almost forgot. Our waiter was a jerk. Really. He had an awful chip on his shoulder. He should get out of the service industry. All others form Luke were very courteous and welcoming. Needless to say, we got the bad egg that day. I wouldn't let this deter a try.I wanted to like this place more. It may have been a problem of my expectations. I thought that Luke was Cajun but a lot of the dishes were French.I enjoyed the beet salad a lot more than my shrimp and grits. They were ok. The shrimp and grits at Dante's Kitchen are way better. My friend did not like her fish dish. After reading the rave reviews, I was disappointed.The service was a little off. It seemed like our waiter was trying to upsell us and the prices were steep for what you actually got.Went here on a lark, basically.  I had enough of C list luncheries and wanted something a bit better.  I ended up getting a Luke Burger and devoured it in moments.The service was top notch.  My waiter, Richard, was always attentive and even made a glass of sweet tea for me! (Note: they serve only unsweet tea)  Earned him a 25% tip for that.It will be a good bit before I try it again, as the average price for a meal is $16, but when I want treat myself to a delectable burger I'll come here.I came here for two things: OYSTERS and HAPPY HOUR.    The oysters were fantastic and amazingly priced at $6/dz.  They were quickly shucked at the bar and served up promptly.  I had wine by the glass, which was 1/2 off.   I agree with Jessica- the wine served in a juice glass and the napkins that look like bar towels did throw me off a bit- but again, I was really just here for oysters, so that towel went to good use.  I have heard good things about some of the other menu options, so I will definitely be coming back to check those out as well.  Thanks Luke- I shall return soon!Happy hour here was off the hook. 50 cent oysters the size of my hand?! Crazy. We basically ate all we could stand for the price of a dozen back home in California. Nice but small beer selection with half price bottles during happy hour (if you're from out of town and are a beer snob, you have to try the pecan beer from the Lazy Magnolia Brewery in Kiln, Mississippi - home of Brett Favre! At least the town produced something good.). Also, the Luke burger (no special happy hour pricing, but worth it anyway) was amazing. We ordered it and were later informed that it was ranked by someone who knows such things (we forget which magazine) as a "Top 10" in the country - well deserved. The only bad thing is that with so many amazing restaurants in New Orleans, we weren't able to make it in for a regular meal this trip. We'll put that on the agenda for our next visit.Such a great place ... My new fav spot for lunch. Very good food, and incredibly  friendly staff. For me, this the perfect mix of traditional service, comfortable atmosphere and great food.I came here on reservations with a party of 26 and we had the opportunity to try a 3 course meal for parties around our size. To me, their interior design was reminiscent of a vintage hotel. It is recommended to have a reservation due to its high volume of customers (at least when I went). The service was top quality, despite our huge party.The bread that was given prior to the 1st dish had an outer crust that was firm, yet crisp. The inside of the bread was soft and carried a light flakiness.The 1st dish was a blue crab bisque. The bisque had a medium consistency and packed a bold flavor. Each spoonful was filled with the crab's distinct taste, but left my pallet with a light spice. Personally, I felt like the bisque lacked in a balance of flavor that I was expecting and was a bit too salty. Perhaps that crab and saltiness could have been tapered down a bit.For the 2nd dish, I had shrimp and andouille over creamy white grits. The dish gave off a wondrous aroma. The shrimp was not as "jumbo" as I expected them to be, but each packed a flavorful punch. The shrimps carried that bold, Cajun flavor but was not overwhelming. The grits balanced out the the shrimp by providing that neutral flavor to refresh the pallet.For dessert, I had bread pudding with vanilla bean ice cream and hot buttered pecan sauce. Flavor explosion can be used to describe this dessert. The pecan sauce was very rich, but was balanced out with the vanilla bean ice cream, and both matched well with the bread pudding canvas. I would have liked more ice cream.Overall, I was satisfied with my meals and overall experience, and I definitely would love to come by again next time I'm in New Orleans.Ok for the first time my review #75 was removed by Yelp because "Your review was flagged by the Yelp community, and our Support team has determined that it falls outside our Review Guidelines (yelp.com/faq#great_review) because it lacks a first-hand consumer experience" I'll add more details:Think about this place only if you are so tired and do not want to take a taxi and go to a better place, in fact if you are at the Hilton or the Intercontinental hotel look for a subway close to the hotels and you will get a decent meal.I ordered a gumbo and a burger and both were not good. The gumbo was cold, the spices used were not right and the portion was not worth of the amount that I paid for. The burger was even worse because it came with the patty extremely cooked and tasted bad, in my opinion there is not way to cook a bad burger but guess what, these folks did it. Overall the quality of the food was not good and because I was so tired I decided to pay it and leave because the experience was not good.A no no option if you are in NOLA area in my opinionMany who are familiar with celebrity chefs will recognize the name: John Besh. A Southern boy, Besh is a well-known chef throughout the city, owning several restaurants. We decided on Lüke for our first dinner. According to the website, it is Besh' "homage to the grand old Franco-German brasseries that once reigned in New Orleans."We made reservations for 5:30 and we're greeted and seated promptly upon arrival. Our waiter was Lee, who had been on vacation for a little while. It showed. More on that later. I decided to order the nightly 3-course pri-fixe special. My wife decided to choose her own. First off for me was seafood gumbo á la Creole. The gumbo itself had good flavor, but some of the rice was burnt and one of the oysters had a lot of grit.My wife ordered the Shrimp Bisque. It was very flavorful and enjoyable. With a velvety consistency.For my entree I had the navarin d'agneau braised lamb with gnocchi and Covey Rise vegetables. I had never had braised lamb before. It was okay, but needed more seasonings. Unfortunately, the stars of the dish were the supporting cast: the gnocchi and vegetables.My wife had the shrimp farci (with blood orange hollandaise, crabmeat and shrimp). It was very enjoyable with the hollandaise really elevating the dish.Again, my meal came with 3 courses. We were both quite satiated at this point, but dessert came with the meal. The original bread pudding that came out had a hair on it. Immediately it was sent back to the kitchen. The manager apologized, and brought out two new desserts! TWO! We could only pick at each of them. The first was a "gateau basque" vanilla cake with blackberries and crème fraiche. We were split on this one; I enjoyed it, while my wife thought it was kind of boring for a dessert. The second dessert we were brought was a chocolate pot de creme. It was very enjoyable with some chocolate pieces on top adding to the texture play.As I mentioned earlier, we would come back to our waiter. Lee, though nice, would come by every 2 minutes to make sure everything was okay. The service was thus suffocating at best. We kept getting interrupted in the middle of our conversations due to him "checking up" on us. The food at Lüke was decent, nothing that made me say WOW! But it seems like a good restaurant. Perhaps the service problems we had was related to Lee only, but it put a bad taste in our mouth for the restaurant. Maybe next time we're in NOLA, we'll give John Besh another chance. (We hear that Restaurant August is AMAZING!)Not my best New Orleans dinner experience.  Service was slow on a Tuesday night when they were no where near full.The bread they bring to each table is meh.  Opening corn and crab chowder was very good.  I ordered the Tuesday special, a trio of pork.  I expected the pork belly to be fatty, it always is, but the slices of pork were mostly fat, and the fried pork neck was bland.  Overall, the dish had about 7-8 bites of pork meat. I was still hungry.The fries were good.PS. I forgot when I first wrote this. My dinner came with bread pudding for desert. Best. Ever.  Crusty on top with lots pecans, soft and delicious in the center.i won't be beating down the door to go back.Had reservations for 2 & was seated immediately, in the back part of the restaurant (the front looked cooler).Ordered a coffee, took 10 minutes to be served.Overheard our waiter cuss at co-workers and snap at customers.Left immediately. Did not stay to eat.The food here was awesome. There was no wait to be seated and everything smelled delicious.  It had a nice vibe going on here.The menu was a little confusing at first because we had no idea what was what, but the waiter was very patient with us and everything we ordered turned out so good!  I got one of the dishes with chicken and it had so much flavor.  I also recommend getting a flatbread appetizer, it was amazing!Great New Orleans staple!  If you haven't been to Luke's and your in the mood for New Orleans food but in a more casual atmosphere, this is the place for you.   The gumbo, oyster salad, and buster crab sandwich are to die for delicious!The service is excellent and Besh never disappoints. Great space to have business lunches or to catch up with friends.Honestly, I really just want to give it 2.5 stars but the happy hour specials being as great as they are don't warrant knocking this down to a 2.How excited was I to try out one of John Besh's restaurants?  So excited that I, at 5' tall, braved my way on foot through mardi gras parade crowds ON MARDI GRAS and the rain to get there.  I was a little nervous since the hostess was rude and dismissive when I'd called about a reservation but I was willing to put it off to them maybe being swamped because, well, it was mardi gras.  When I arrived I was suprised to find that, although it was about halfway through the blessed Luke happy hour, they weren't that busy and there were about 6 unbussed tables that didn't get cleared the entire 20 minutes I sat at the bar waiting on a table. I really like the table I was seated at though.  Front room, back corner single table.  Perfect. My waiter (I'm looking at you, Bobby L.) approached the table with pretty much a Don't-Give-Two-Sh*ts attitude.  I know that this isn't August, and I wasn't expecting fine dining service but, at least be slightly congenial or relatively polite.  Thankfully he seemed to warm up ever so slightly so I at least felt as though I wasn't going to be suddenly abandoned.  Though that could've been because of the two couples that got seated next to me.The meal:$0.50 oysters from 3-6!  Yes!  Needless to say, I started off with a dozen oysters and a blanche du bruxelles.  Well, I would've started off with a dozen oysters if the duck and rabbit liver paté hadn't come out first.  When I say I'd like to start with the oysters and then have the pate, that's pretty much what I mean.  My table was small so it was very cramped with a tray of oysters and the paté set up.  While I'll admit that having that as a problem should really exhibit how lucky I am in life, I'm going to be a brat anyway.  Bobby delievered my oysters with no smile, no oyster fork and no lemons.  After waiting 5 minutes for him to come back around, I was able to get those things.  Regardless of that, the oysters were great quality and very tasty, but I did have to disconnect the muscle on almost all of them myself.  The paté was just fantastic.  Accompanied by bread and butter pickles, pickled watermelon rind, sweet relish, grainy mustard and toasted ciabatta slices - I devoured it.For dessert I had the maple pot de creme.  It was alright.  Not sublime, but not awful.  The texture was perfect but something about all the different flavors - the maple, the vanilla bean, the espresso caramel and candied pistachios - all sounded like they should've worked together but they just don't.  I guess I may have also been a little put off by the fact that it arrived in the same container type as the paté and had a simlar color to it.  I can't fault the dish for my brain's insistence that each bite was supposed to taste like paté.  I know they're going for the whole down-home thing, but I think they could've come up with a better dish for the dessert. Overall, it was a decent experience.  If they could just amp up the service some, it would be a great experience.  That seems to be the common theme in the reviews I'm reading.  I would certainly hope that John Besh would want his customers treated better than the way I saw them being treated.  In the meantime, ask for a different waiter.My husband and I came to this restaurant and decided to eat at the bar since there was a wait for a table. The bartenders were far from friendly and acted like we were bothering them to order a drink. My duck came out raw, almost like Sushi, I sent it back and asked if the dish could be cooked more. The bartender came back and said "the cook said that is how duck is cooked, you will have to order something else." Funny, because I have had duck at several restaurants and earlier that day  at Brennan's and never had it served like Sushi. I ordered Shrimp and Grits and that was OK. My husband's burger was an overpriced, piece of burnt meat on a stale bun. The manager came over and voided my first entrée and did not even apology for our experience with my dish. Sad, that they treated us like tourist because we are locals and would have gone back if our experience was different. In addition, we have told our friends and family our experience here. Please don't waste your time and money!!We never got the oysters that we ordered before our entrees. When our entrees came they were far too salty to eat. As former residents of Belgium we were not impressed at all with the food. We were offered dessert to apologize for the oysters but honestly with so many other restaurant options in NOLA we still will not be back.The cocktails, however, were good so maybe happy hour would be decent but again, I unfortunately can't comment on the oysters.It's been over a month now....and every once in a while I just think "hmmmmmm, wish I had another soft shell crab blt with that really good pecan beer".....I just cannot get it out of my head! SO DAMN TASTY.I have to say...I have never been disappointed in a Besh place (unlike Emeril - steer clear)....always great food and excellent service....keep doing what you're doing 'cause I am lovin' it.This is one of my favorite restaurants in the city.  I've been over and over with nothing but excellent service and food.  Their burger and fries are amazing.  Also, the braised lamb with gnocchi and vegetables was unbelievable.  I kept grabbing pieces of bread to soak up the sauce.  The paneed veal cutlet is delicious, as are the croque madame and corn and crawfish bisque.  I definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone in the CBD or surrounding areas.Don't forget to try the Saint Charles Streetcar or  Champagne au Peche.And when you finish, not matter how full you are, please get the bread pudding.  I have tried it all over the city including Mr. B's and Commander's.  This bread pudding is to die for!Really wanted to like this restaurant....but was sort of disappointed. Mediocre experience. Appetizer (lobster bisque) was good but my fish was suuuuper fishy, ick. And I am a big fish lover. Bf was not particularly impressed with his meat order either. I am not sure if I'd go back although I feel it might deserve another chance to try other menu items. Also, didn't really love the atmosphere, wasn't much personality to it. Just didn't do it for me.Had an early dinner at Luke's and it was awesome!  Restaurant was busy but we made a reservation and got seated in no time.  We skipped the appetizers and went straight for the happy hour oysters (50 cents each from 3-6pm!).  Oysters were fresh, went down smooth, and were very nicely sized too.  We ordered two dozen, and then ended up getting 2 dozen more because it was that good and so inexpensive.  My husband also ordered the grilled rib eye - cooked medium well - and it was perfectly seasoned and grilled.  I'm not a huge meat eater and I thought it was delicious.  The fries also hit the spot - perfectly seasoned and piping hot.  Would definitely return to Luke's on my next visit to New Orleans!Had res at 6 and got there a little early seated anyway and had the 50 cent oysters very good.  Shrimp and grits yummy as was my sons jaeger something(a veal dish with spaetzel). Veal good and smoky spaetzel excellent.  Had the best wine ever here, a german Riesling from loose bros. vineyards, absolutely delicious!  And even better had 2 glasses while happy hour 4- per glass, would be happy to pay full price for this wine.Bread pudding for dessert very good.Wait staff good, could be a little more attentive.Prices good.Ate at NOLA the night after this and although more formal and quieter than Luke, the food was very disappointing, and had a snide douchy waiter.Paid more at NOLA and didn't even have wine.Best bloody marys I've ever hadOur best dining experience during our trip to New Orleans.  The service was fantastic (Thanks, Chris!) and the food was as good as we expected.  John Besh does not disappoint.The standout was the Pate.  I am still thinking about it.  Probably some of the best I have ever had.  Oysters were delish as well.I even finished off the meal with a Sazerac.  Certainly a different cocktail than what I am used to but I recommend everybody try at least one when they are in the Big Easy.This was my first real meal in New Orleans, and I'm so lucky I picked a good one! The service on both visits was impeccable, with my first server in particular recommending many great bars that I visited throughout my trip.LUNCH - $15 EXPRESS MENU (Soup + Entree)CORN AND CRAB BISQUE: Best ever, not that I've ever had it, but it was the best ever. BEEF BRISKET: Just danced in my mouth.BREAD PUDDING: Because I was so happy with the first two courses, had to try dessert, and the bread pudding didn't disappoint in the least. I didn't try it at any other restaurant in New Orleans (because they all have bread pudding), lest my memory of this one be tainted. 2ND VISIT - DINNER (last night in N.O.)I really just wanted to have a full bowl of that corn and crab bisque, but when I got there I couldn't resist trying more.First, I asked for a fancy pants bourbon and got a glass of Booker's, 126-proof, unfiltered. I had to take little tiny droplets of it on the tip of my tongue and swallow a bit at a time because, oh yeah, it burned. Burned so good, though, tasted like maple syrup lit on fire in your mouth.Then, post corn and crab bisque, I was tempted into trying another dessert, the gateau basque, or vanilla cake, with blueberry compote and creme fraiche. Killerrrrrrr.Highly recommend this classic bistro!Pretty good burgers, sometimes a little overdone. Good fries.My husband loves the gumbo.Everything else is ok.Bc it is in the CBD, it can be a pain to park at.And it's pretty expensive. Burger and fries will run about $16.When I found out that a Jon Besh Restaurant had a $15 Express Lunch special, i knew i had to come here. Good service, good food, weird locationThe restaurant is located in the Hilton Hotel on St Charles Ave, on the stretch of the street where it's surrounded by boring state/city offices. Completely uninteresting. The inside of the restaurant is done up like a french bistro. Food:$15 Express Lunch Special: A different entree for lunch everyday of the week (Wednesday was Veal Raviolo, which is what i had) + Soup of Choice on the menu- Seafood Gumbo: Pretty yummy, esp with the warm crusty roll of bread that was provided- Veal Raviolo: Tasty veal filling. The only thing that i really didn't like about the dish was the massive amount of Shaved Almond topping. What's up with that? Not only did it blitz out the dish, the crunch was an odd balance to the meal and did not add any tastiness to it. The dish would have been tons better without Any almond at all. It just didn't go with the dish. Otherwise, a tasty dish. Lose the almonds, please!Went to eat from the bar but service was non existent. There was a tender and oyster chucker guy but after getting a glass of wine they were not to be found.  I hung on another 20 min without service and went elsewhere.  They really need better service.But ... Since im staying at the hilton and its a hundred degrees out I came back a few days later.  Had some coffee and vanilla cake.  Cake was five stars.  But "fresh" blueberries were still thawing out.  Service at the bar was a bit better but still slow.We dined here our last night in NOLA hoping to end our food adventures on a high. Sadly, we were disappointed.The food was good, but not amazing, and the service questionable.PROS:1. Ambient. Not too loud. Not too crowded. Nice booths and tables.2. Decent food, but nothing to go out of your way for. The dessert was better than the entrees. OMG, try the pot de creme (a chocolate mousse dessert) or the L'opera (huge ass layer cake with chocolate sauce on top).3. Amazing coffee. Best coffee I drank in NOLA.CONS:1. Questionable service. I called to make a reservation for 5 around 8:30. The hostess said they were busy and it would be about 20 minutes. We walked in at 8:45, so a few minutes early. She said, "Your reservation is not till 9. Your table won't be ready until then or maybe even later. That's your table over there. They just need to clear it." WTF. First off, she didn't give me the time when I called. Second off, our table was empty. Just not bussed/cleaned yet. She sent us to the bar while our table sat unattended and unbused for 40 minutes! They weren't even terribly busy and I have no idea how this system makes sense. How long does it take to clear a table? Apparently a long time.When we finally sat down, we were ready to order given the fact that we had 40 minutes to look at the menu. The waitress asked us, "Anything to drink?" I said, "Sure, but we're also ready to order our food." She said, "Oh, I can't take your order yet. Just drinks." I asked, "Why not?" She said, "I need to place this order I just took first. Then I'll be back." Again, random and weird excuses.DO NOT GO HERE unless you want to experience potentially strange service protocols. DO GO HERE if you are okay with this fact and want some good coffee and dessert.As for me, I won't be coming back.Expert bartenders here!Went during happy hour. (3-6pm, every day)50 cent oysters, half price cocktails, beer, wine.Oysters come with horseradish, cocktail sauce, and this red wine sauce that is amazing. Best sauzerac in all of New Orleans.I've had a better Mint Julep.Like champagne?Try the French 75.Have an affinity for basil?The Riverbend was delicious.It was one of out better stops in NOLA.Very casual and unpretentious yet very nice, the place was packed on a Saturday night. Our party of 8 got seated right away in a back room with a full kitchen view. Our table had the pate, oysters, crawfish soup, Luke burger, croque madame et frites and the etouffee. All good. Not outstanding, but good. The croque madame was mine and although it looked incredible (receiving ooohs and aaaahs from everyone), the bread was hard to cut through making me have to jam my knife into it with much more force and effort than I would like to use during a leisurely dinner (and why I took a star away). The burger was a good gourmet burger. Not BK but not too memorable either. The pate was one of the stars of the bunch. Presentation was great as was taste. What was outstanding was the FRIED OYSTER, BACON, ROMAINE& AVOCADO SALAD!!!! We ordered two of those and everyone kept stealing from my plate! It was unexpected and beyond delicious. Service was friendly and overall good. I have to say that our waitress was quite patient and efficient with our large, rowdy group. I would definitely give it another go if ever in town but only after I cross off other restaurants (like August) off my list.We came here around 20 minutes before the lunch menu began. Our waitress was nice to let us order from both the breakfast and lunch menu not to mention she checked with the cooks in the kitchen. We ended up not deciding what to order until it was already the lunch hour. I think I ordered either the Croque-Monsieur or Croque-Madame et Frites ($13) and orange juice ($3.50). There were other items on the menu that sounded goods, too. We waited awhile before our food came out. My food came out on a cutting board which I had never seen before served for a sandwich's plate and there was good reason for it. The crusts on both pieces of bread were really hard. It also could be the fact that I took awhile to take pictures; regardless, the crusts will get hard. Besides that, the sandwich tasted good and it was light on the stomach. The fries it came with were small and were mostly crunchy. Of course, the orange juice was good. My friends seemed to enjoy everything they ordered as well well. Great place for brunch!Best happy hour ever!! 50 cents a piece for delicious raw oysters to start followed by amazing etoufee and swordfish dishes!! The house beers are also not to be missed items.  I'd be a regular here if I lived in town.We ordered Boudin Louisianne and Crabmeat Masion for appetizers. Both were good. We ordered a few entree's and shared them. Love the shrimp and grits!!! We ordered the Luke burger. The burger was good. The fries were just okay. I think they were too greasy. We also had the crab and corn bisque which was very tasty.  We also had the court bouillon. (Definitely a small portion..) The portion sizes are small on most entrees so sharing was good for our group to taste a few things on the menu. The bread pudding was okay. Good food overall !!!I gotta say... I LOVED LOVED LOVED LUKE!!!!! We were in New Orleans for my 30th birthday in early July and decided to dine at Luke on the Friday of our arrival. Everything from top to bottom was great. Besides the good food and excellent service, what I really liked about the place is it's casual, pub-like feel.Our waiter, Chris, was fantastic!!! If you ever make your way into Luke, I recommend that you call ahead and ask to be seated in his section. We specifically told him that we were hesitant to order our entrees together with our appetizers because we were in no particular hurry. He promised us that he would take the order but not put it in until we gave him the go ahead, and that's exactly what he did.  He was very attentive but very laid back at the same time, which suited us well that evening.I definitely recommend that you try the fried oyster salad and the rabbit and duck pate - both were savory and delicious!!Luke is pretty good.  Went here for lunch with my husband and his parents who were visiting for the weekend.  I wasn't surprised to see that it was rather busy during lunchtime on a Friday since it's in the middle of the CBD.  Despite the crowd there was hardly a wait before we were seated.Luke was definitely perfect for the in-laws.  Right up front they've got well-known newspapers for anyone to grab at their convenience in case you want to catch up on the news while enjoying your meal.  The newspapers were right up my father-in-law's alley.  I really liked the decor as well but then it's just my taste in dark wood and I was impressed with the vintage pulley fan system.  I think if it was just my husband and I, I would have preferred to sit up at the massive bar.  The service was swift and friendly.  My father-in-law thought his gumbo was too cold so they immediately brought him a new one at the correct temperature.Personally, I got the express menu for the day which includes a cup of soup and an entree.  I ordered the crawfish bisque and the redfish "court-bouillon" with crab, shrimp, oysters, and rice.  Good deal, I'd say!  The bisque was perfectly smooth and creamy.  It was a relatively cool day outside and it warmed me right up.  I might be biased though since I'm a fan of bisques in general.  I wasn't sure if I would like the redfish court-bouillon but it was excellent!  It came out in a small cast-iron dish and it was just a great mixture of seafood and rice.  The sauce had a kick to it without being too spicy.I would definitely come back here again as I was rather envious seeing the Luke Burger being carried to other tables.  It just LOOKS good sitting on a wood plank alongside some fresh fries and you get these cute, teeny, personal condiments.  So yeah, next time!the shrimp n grits and grilled oysters were yummy. great service in the middle of mardibgras weekend .the burger looked ridic and most couples were sharing one with eeach having their own truffle fries. check it out!The food is great but the service is terrible.   Wife had shrimp grits (awesome but a little salty)  I had the rib eye and it was cooked to perfection. But I am still waiting for the dessert menu an I think I will be here until infinity.Half a dozen succulent oysters, a Sazerac cocktail, 2 absurd German beers, gumbo, veal schnitzel with spaetzl in a mushroom-bacon gravy, and some damn good bread pudding with caramel for dessert.Yeesh, I'm a pig. I wonder how much this is going to cost me? $35. WTF? Is that a mistake? No, everything's on here. WTF?Well drinks and beers are half price in addition to the oysters for a quarter 3-6pm every day. That's happy hour done right, folks.Disclaimer: This review is solely based upon a few cocktails, oysters on the half shell, and pomme frites.  I enjoyed Luke's happy hour. As my dining companion put it, "Luke is the John Besh restaurant for the working class." Nestled nicely in the dining dearth of the CBD, seer sucker clad businessmen and women are of great attendance here. Oysters are 50 cents, cocktails (originally priced under 10) are half off between the hours of 3-6 pm.  The champagne au peche, St. Charles Streetcar cocktails were tasty, but not as stiff as I would have preferred. The oysters were fresh but lacked anything to accompany them (such as crackers). We asked for bread and solved this problem. The pomme frites rank third on my pomme frites Nola list.  Overall, very enjoyable.We went for brunch -- at 11:30 on a Saturday afternoon, we could walk in without any issue.The atmosphere is quaint and cozy, and everybody was friendly, from the hostess to our waiter, who patiently listened to me waffle back and forth on what to order.I went with the crab and asparagus omelette -- because when in New Orleans, you should probably have crab on everything.  It was good -- equally impressive was the mixed greens salad on the side, dressed perfectly, and the french fries, which seemed ok to eat because they were with a salad.  I thought I had ordered pretty well until I tasted my friend's crab cake benedict.  Trust me, get that instead.  I spent the rest of the meal staring at it in sheer unbridled jealousy.The service is horrible here.  This was the second restaurant that my friends and I went to in NOLA, so we weren't sure if that was just how the service was in NOLA, but after being to a few other places later on, we found out that the servers here were just plain rude.  I admit we had a big group, but it took us literally half an hour before we could order and another hour before we got our food.  Whenever we asked the servers for anything, we'd have to ask them multiple times, before we finally got it.  This wouldn't have been a bad thing if what we were asking for was salt and pepper or tabasco, but we needed utensils  or it wouldn't have been so bad if they didn't come around once every 30 minutes.  Worse, one of the servers spilled a drink on my friend and didn't even come back with any towels or anything.  He just came back with another drink 15 minutes later.  These are really the type of places that annoy me, when they put an automatic gratuity for tables larger than 6.  If the server only checks on you 2 times during the course of your meal, you shouldn't be forced to pay over a $100 tip.Anyway, I will also admit the food was pretty good.  I'm not sure if it was because we were all at the point of starvation at the time, but it was good.If you plan to go, try going with a smaller group, I don't know if that will help at all, but I figure it couldn't hurt.They now have an excellent happy hour from 4 to 6 where oysters are a quarter and most drinks are half-price. This brings the drinks down to what I would consider a normal price, i.e., I had a glass of beer that was normally $6.50 for $3.25. So if you're in the neighborhood you could definitely pop in just for beer and oysters. Or if you were with someone you could split the 3-course express menu ($23), which is good and more than enough to feed two people.On the downside they had the air conditioning cranked and I was literally shivering -- make sure you wear a few layers.Sorry for the delay in this review - I was in NOLA for a conference 10/09 and stayed at a hotel across the street  and stumbled over to Luke's for convenience sake on the first night in town. Went for the easy choice, burger with bacon and cheese and asked the bartender to suggest the beverage..and he send over Celebrator - a bavarian double bock and I was love struck! This was honestly not my favorite meal in NOLA but it was good food,  conveniently located to hotel, great beer to grab and go or sit.I was lukewarm to Lüke, which is a shame as it was the New Orleans meal I was looking forward to most.My dinner had potential, but it feel apart largely in the execution, starting with the cut of beef. I ordered the entrecôte grillée au frites, which featured a sizable ribeye with a side of fries. Unfortunately, a third of the ribeye was fat, it was full of tendon and was cooked well below my requested temperature of medium. Nova seemed to enjoy her shrimp and grits more than I enjoyed my entree, but she did comment that the dish almost had too much going on. Bold flavors generally don't bother her, but she felt a few subtractions would've greatly benefited the overall taste. Our server was pleasantly friendly, but ineffective when it mattered. When she inquired about my meal, I mentioned the issues I had. She seemed genuinely disappointed that I didn't enjoy it, but she really didn't do anything about it either. So if you're visiting New Orleans and thinking about trying out a Besh place, I'd recommend going to another of his spots. Friends of ours have liked their meals at both Restaurant August and The American Sector. Sadly, however, Besh is the second Next Iron Chef contestant who's let me down with their food. I guess there's a reason why they didn't win, huh?Dinner @ Lukes was a total disappointment.Bad Yelp -  you lead me astray!Even though we had a reservation, we were stuck at a small corner table near 2 large corporate dinners so it was very loud. The atmosphere was average.   The menu did not have all that many options so I settled on the shrimp and grits which was too spicy, a small portion and not all that great.  I forget what my husband had but he was equally disappointed.  Service was inattentive and slow.  NOT RecommendedHad lunch with a friend.  The Shrimp & Grits very good.  The Cochon de lait sandwich was Delicious!  Stuffed shrimp & veggies, good.  It was a great lunch.Only one thing disenchanted me.  The waiter was good but not very friendly.  He handed me my straw with his hands on the straw where you put your mouth,  :($.50 cent Oysters need i say more?Happy hour everyday until 6 with 50 cent oysters and 1/2 off drinks.  Plus an awesome location.  Would go here everyday if I lived here.Fabulous experience and meal.  Second experience at Lüke. Brought friends for a special anniversary dinner. Wait staff was attentive but not intrusive.  Food was presented well and was one of my favorite meals of all time!Might be the best burger in town.  Juicy, tender, well seasoned, tender bun, and awesome flavor.  We really enjoyed the happy hour specials as well. Wonderful selection of local and craft beers. The oysters were fresh and briney. Only reason they didn't get 5 stars was service.  I'm  not sure if she was in the weeds or just not feeling her rhythm, but we along with the tables next to us were felling neglected.  It seemed like she was distressed. Overall wonderful experience and look forward to our next visitHad dinner here last night and got lucky without a reservation got seated right away. Our waitress Alison was working a double shift but was one of the most pleasant, funny people I have met down here. The raw oysters were fabulous also had the crab app... So fresh and delicious .. Étouffée was perfect balance of shrimp and rice.. Dessert was the yellow cake... Sounds simple ... It was not to sweet and hit the spot. Would recommend this place to everyone!Awesome! Best dining experience in New Orleans over a 6-day stay. A fresh-faced server with a northeastern accent was exceedingly friendly and helpful.The burger is in the top 3 I have ever had. Fries were good too!The gumbo was tasty and nuanced.Nice conservative, comfortable, clean atmosphere.Go here, Please.Disclosure: this review was written for their happy hour $1 oysters.  The ambiance was a kind of French-bistro feel, reminding me of the likes of Thomas Keller's Bouchon, which gave me high hopes.  Unfortunately both service and food quality were lacking.  We ordered a dozen oysters during their happy hour, and I was quite surprised to find how flavorless and large these oysters were.  They were almost gross they were so big. Needless to say we tried a couple and sent the rest back.  When we expressed our displeasure with the oysters there was no apology and no effort on the part of the waitress to right the situation.  Very, very unfortunate to encounter that level of attitude, especially in such a friendly city like New Orleans!Perhaps it was the choice of entree - the burger a customer had ordered next to us looked quite good.  And admittedly the pizza we got was very tasty - but we still were hungry after sending back the oysters.  And the cocktails (while half price during happy hour) weren't roll-over impressive either. Needless to say we moved on to greener dinner pastures.During happy hour, this place gets 4 stars.  With $0.50 oysters there really is nothing to complain about.  I have also eaten here twice during non happy hour (once for lunch and once for dinner).  I got the burger one time and the croque madame the other time.  The burger was pretty tasty.  The croque madame was good as well, but both seem overpriced for what they were. The meals come with small condiments which were a nice touch.We had a great anniversary dinner at Luke.  The atmosphere is very welcoming and the staff were all very nice and informative.  The food was delicious and excellently prepared!  Robert and Vusi took great care to make sure that everything was perfect.  It was the best dining experience we had during our visit to New Orleans.Great variety of unique options to choose from.  Went here twice.  Both times i wasn't disappointed.  You will be satisfied.I would certainly return for the fantastically seasoned shrimp and grits dish, however, our tableside service was somewhat unpolished. Two of our sides were never submitted to the kitchen and arrived only after I mentioned it to our server, which was as we were finishing up our meal.  The dishes were removed from our bill and while appreciated and not prompted by myself, I did very much enjoy Luke and its food offerings, we'll be returning for dinner.Luke was definitely a pleasant find for a nice relaxing breakfast. The atmosphere was warm and the staff made it very personal. If Lee is there, he'll keep you entertained with his NOLA charm throughout your meal. I love my coffee and theirs was as rich and warming as it gets. I didn't get too adventurous with my breakfast, but the grits were to die for and the sausage and bacon had me drooling even before I took my first bite. I have to imagine lunch and dinner there would be just as good. Very reasonably priced with good sized portions. I love the classic dark wood decor!We'll definitely go back next time we're in town. Hopefully Lee will be serving again!Came here for lunch after my brothers graduation from Tulane to celebrate.  I made reservations on Opentable and even though we were ten minutes late they had saved our table (but the hostess mentioned she was just about to give it away).  I'm happy they were patient.We ordered the cold foie gras appetizer, which was good though the bread it came with was way to greasy.  The foie gras was much better on the regular small baguette bread they provided to the table.  The waiter had mentioned this when we ordered and we agreed.For our entrees, I ordered the Friday red fish special.  I really enjoyed it, perfect portion and nice mix with some shrimp, crab meat and oysters.  And the craw fish bisque soup was great too.Others ordered the jumbo Louisiana shrimp, grilled ribeye, and shrimp farci.  All were good but we didn't realize the shrimp farci was a fried dish. Since three members of the party ordered it and each was surprised and disappointed, that's minus one star.Also minus one-star for service, it was a bit slow.  The server was nice and pleasant, but we had to grab out own ketchup and waited a bit too long for drink refills and finally to pay the bill.I'd come back, just order the right menu item and have some patience.Restaurants in hotels give me pause, but this is certainly not the typical instance.The space is not very large, but the tables are not cramped.  The service was very friendly and there was a good soundtrack of New Orleans classics playing.The food was well-prepared and tasty. The brasserie trope consists of comfort foods, to a great extent, not haute cuisine, but the quality and prepartion are outstanding. There are daily specials, making it more affordable.  I had the rabbit stew, which was quite tasty, but a little short on meat content.  My wife had a burger, which was ok, but pricey.  My other table mates had chicken and schnitzel, which were both  quite good.  The fries were just about perfect.This definitely goes on my favorites list.I was pleasantly surprised with my dinner at Luke. Several people in my party have specific diets gluten and vegetarian to be exact. The staff was very accommodating and made the visit even more enjoyable. Our waiter Alessandro and the manager Robert were very attentive and helpful in helping us pick dishes. They were able to make changes to the dishes  and the end result was perfection. I grew up in Germany and the spaetzle could rival my grandmothers. The flamenkuche was a slice of yum and the garlic mashed potatoes were amazing. Just when you think the meal couldn't get any better we ordered dessert. The baked chocolate mousse was like having a piece of heaven in your mouth. If this is what a John Besh experience consists of sign me up every time.Thanks to the large, bald-headed man that looked like the manager... Lüke, you make me want to PUKE!! Service was so horrible, it left a bad taste in my mouth from our trip to New Orleans. They did not make any effort to accommodate our bachelorette party group without a reservation!Awful.I ordered a bowl of muscles. More than half were undercooked. including the ones that were open. They also weren't properly cleaned and the entire bowl was grainy. Only reason it deserves a star is because of the fries.We ate here for breakfast and the pancakes with pecan butter were awesome! My husband had the eggs in a jar and they were good as well- actually were served in a jar. The coffee was one of my favorites - freshly pressed and delicious! I would definitely recommend Luke!I love this place!  The chicken was amazing, and the server was very kind and accommodating.  I would totally come back here again, and might do tomorrow for lunch.  *So* awesome.  I even told the front hostess about our server and how awesome he was, which is a rare occurrence for me.Luke has been my favorite restaurant for a couple of years now.  I have tried EVERYTHING on the menu at least twice so I think I have a pretty good basis for comparison.  This restaurant is not for everyone.  If you are new in town and looking for classic New Orleans creole or soul food cuisine.  Look elsewhere.  If you don't like Alsacian food (or don't know what it is) you might want to pass.  But if you are game you will find Luke serves earthy food with a light touch.  Literally everything is good, but there are standouts.  The Luke Burger is made of fine beef and served with fries that I believe are cooked in duck fat.  It is the tastiest combo in town.  Although it's great, I don't often get the burger because it weighs about 5 pounds.  You will need a doggy bag.I do get the matzo ball soup and Luke salad often.  The soup is a rarity in NOLA and I'll admit that I don't get the connection of this Jewish staple to the French/German border.  Who cares?  It tastes a little like chicken gumbo, which means it's delicious.  The redfish is probably the best all-around dish.  It's lightly sauteed and covered in lump crab meat .  However, my personal favorite is the Flamenkuche aka German pizza or bacon, Emmenthaler and caraway cheese and onions on a tarte.  This dish is savory and so good that I sometimes dream about it.  At the risk of belaboring the point, there are plenty of other standouts.  The redfish court-bouillion.  The white bean and duck cassoulet.  The cochon de lait.  Did I mention they put on a fine breakfast?  Grits and grillades.  Buttermilk pancakes.  Etc. Etc.The service is friendly and attentive.  The decor is cool and very detailed.  Note the old fashion belt fans in the front room (I didn't notice them until my 10th visit.)Just check the restaurant out.  It's got plenty to offer.  I hope you will agree.Is it me or does it seem like every Besh restaurant in NOLA has really gone downhill? Service, not food. When Luke first opened, I had some really wonderful experiences here. In the past 6 months, not so much. Service is lazy, rude, and incompetent. The waitstaff doesn't seem to care about the diner's experience. It really just seems that the staff is not well trained or managed. However, I saw this most recently at the American Sector only 2 weeks ago as well. It seems to a Besh "empire" issue. As I've heard this from folks who've also gone to August and Domenica recently. Perhaps it's time for a new management partner...The food that comes out of the kitchen is still delicious and well done. However, if they could only match that level with the service. The burger is delish as well as their moule frites. Great homemade sausages and excellent raw bar. 50 cent oysters from 3-6. The bottom line: There is amazing food at the other 1200+ restaurants in NOLA; get great service AND great food.Second time here and it was just as wonderful at the first time!  Got there just before 6 on a Saturday and got half price appetizer and drinks! Got the local gulf oysters on a half shell and they were yummy.... flavorful and creamy.  Had the pate of Louisiana rabbit and OMG it was soooo good so if you are a pate lover this is a must!  Also ordered at our table were the mussels, the pork shank (both huge) and the Grilled ribeye with bernaise. Also worth mentioning were the fries... Think they are the best I have had in a long time, thin, flavourful with just the right amount of salt.  Everyone thoroughly enjoyed their dinner and we were too full to order dessert! My only negative comment would be the atmosphere. It was good in the main room but unfortunatetly we got seated way in the back and it was freezing and we were pretty much alone in this room most of the time. Would have preferred a table in the main room with the bar so if you make resevations and like this atmosphere, make sure you request a table in this room.Great atmosphere, nice attention to many details. Seems more like a $$$ than $$ with $20+ brunch plates, but it was well worth it. A nice break from the sea of tourist traps and gimmicky locations.My date and I decided to head into Lüke after our first wedding anniversary dinner at Restaurant August.  We were staying in the St. Charles Hilton, where Lüke is located, and decided to have an after dinner drink at the bar.  We were feeling a bit euphoric after our fantastic dinner and the wine that accompanied it, I guess we just weren't ready for our night to end, but weren't quite ready to tackle the French Quarter.Lüke is warm and inviting.  Quoting the website, this is John Besh's "homage to the grand old Franco-German brasseries that once reigned in New Orleans" and I tried to picture what those places might have been like as we observed people entering, eating, drinking, and chatting.We sat at the bar and enjoyed way too many St. Charles Streetcars (St. Germain, pear vodka, and champagne).  We watched in awe as the gentleman behind the bar shucked what seemed like hundreds of oysters.  After a while we decided we should order some for ourselves.  We had some P&J's along with some Kumamoto's.  I love Kumamoto oysters, and they were terrific, but in this case, we probably could have just had the P&J's, which were out of this world fantastic.  My husband slipped the oyster guy an extra tip, he is one hard working guy and it might sound silly, but his perfectly shucked oysters were a work of art to us.We had a nice time and great fun people watching, I woke up the next morning with a slight headache, but it was worth it.  This is one place I'll head to when I'm in NOLA again and in the mood for some quality oysters and premium beer!The wife and I were in town with some friends for NYE and paid this place a visit.We stopped by for the happy hour and turned out to be the best food decision of the trip!  50 cent oysters....can't beat it!The wife normally isn't a big fan of oysters, but managed to scarf down a dozen herself which is saying a lot, since normally she gets grossed out after the 3rd oyster.Service is great.  The only knock on this place is that it's a bit small and there's a wait...but this is one of the few places where the food is definitely worth the wait!!!Decided to try out Lüke's since it was next door to the hotel I was staying at.The hostess seemed surprised that I didn't want to sit at the bar because I was alone. Three parties were seated before me, but I was finally seated after waiting 10-minutes.The server took a while to get to me and only showed up sporadically to check on me, but was very friendly when he did show up.Started off with the Blue Crab Bisque - nice flavor and nice helping of crab.For an entrée I had the Jumbo Louisiana Shrimp "En Cocotte". Wow!!! The shrimp was very flavorful... The grits were absolutely wonderful!!!I'm a foodie from the Carolina's, so I have a high standard for certain foods, shrimp and grits in this case. I was wowed, shrimp and grits did not disappoint. Simply amazing. Sat at the bar and chatted with their professional oyster schuker while enjoying a fantastic meal.good foodI loved this place! Great service, shrimp and grits and hot mussels are excellent. It is a bit loud!Worth the hype! Had a fantastic dinner. The secret ingredients, as always: great, uncomplicated food and great service. I had both at Luke.First, the waiter, Ryan, was excellent. The kind of waiter whose recommendations actually mean something. Easygoing but very attentive.Second, the food. Oysters, duck and rabbit pate, Luke burger, and bread pudding to finish. I was Thanksgiving full, but I couldn't stop eating. Everything was on the money and a great treat on a rainy NOLA night!!! Highly recommended for dinner (breakfast was okay, but not memorable).We were looking for a place to have a Mimosas and brunch. I had the eggs in a jar, it was comforting, delicious, and if I could have licked the jar clean I would have. My girlfriend had the southern breakfast, she thought the ham was wonderful and tender,loved the home-fries, and her eggs were perfect. If there was a clean plate club, we would have become members that day. After a healthy amount of Mimosas, we had coffee, perfectly hot, and we did order desert, I had the pots de creme, super, luscious, and a lovely presentation, try it it is worth it. My girlfriend had the baked chocolate mousse, it was everything chocolate should be and more.We also didn't have reservations, and were seated right away, in the front room, it has a nice ambiance, and we had a really nice time.Upon discovering that Luke had $.50 oysters during happy hour, I just had to go there. The oysters were fair in size although the flavor was a bit lacking. You can't blame that on the restaurant completely though. We ordered the crab bisque which was delicious, as well as the chicken and rabbit Pate. That came with some mustard, pickled watermelon rinds, bread and butter pickles, and a marmalade (I think). Very tasty. My bf ordered one of the drink menus but didn't seem too happy with it. It seemed like our bartender was easily distracted because we told her we wanted a dozen oysters, and instead of letting us finish our order she went straight to the POS to input the oysters. I had to call her back to finish our order, which was a bit odd. My water cup was empty for the longest time, and after eating so much horseradish I really wanted some water to wash it down. We also didn't get any crackers to eat with them, which was disappointing. It was quiet during the happy hour, but you could tell everyone who came there knew about the oysters. I'd definitely go there again for that deal, as well as to try one of the daily specials.Loved it! Ate here our first night in town and headed back tonight. Friend and I can't decide if we like it here or at Cochon more, but it's not apples to apples so please eat at both!She had the drum fish and veggies while I had the mussels and frites. Both were good but we both wanted to fill our water bottles with the broth from the mussels, wow, so good! We shared the Louisiana shrimp appetizer; they were great too. As it was happy hour, we each had a cocktail. I had the mint julep and she had something pink and yummy that for the life of me I cannot name, sorry. The important part was they were good and half price. Yay!One of the best chefs in the world runs a brasserie?  Amazing, amazing stuff.  Come for lunch (the specials are some of the best $15 you can spend) and leave stuffed and happy.  I'd recommend this gastropub to anyone, local or tourist alike.The oysters are fine (P&J!) and the redfish is amazing.  Try the Luke Burger as well, and go with the house-brewed Alt or Export to wash it down.  You'll thank yourself.So the reviews about the staff being snobby are a correct. Though we were dressed like everyone else in there, (khaki shorts and a polo), we were given the up and down. However, the food was worth it. We had heard about the 50 cent oysters and half priced drinks, but when I asked about the specials, it wasnt mentioned. We ordered oysters anyway, on the bill they came out cheaper than our ice teas! For appetizers we had the rabbit pate. I dont normally like pate, but it was pretty good. My boyfriend thought it was the best he had eaten. It came with some flavorful pickled stuff too and buttered toasted ciabbatta bread. For the meal, I had the shrimp and grits and it was my favorite thing I ate in NO all week. My boyfriend got the pork shank, with cabbage and a bratwurst. He liked it but was so stuffed he couldnt finish it. I am going back to NO in a few weeks for work and you can bet I will eat here at least twice.This place is off the chart! Awesome food all around. We had 4 in our party and we all had a great dining experience. Service was perfect and the food was delicious. The ribeye was the best flavor ever!Hum this to the tune of Lady Gaga's "Bad Romance"Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh! I'm going to split my pants!That's what I was singing after I tried to eat a complete Luke burger.  Oh my Gaga, that thing was a monster!   Did I eat the whole thing?  You'll have to read on to find out.Was staying at the Hilton and several people recommended eating at Luke and we're glad we did.   We each had a great tap beer...b/f had the jaeger schnitzel, bffc had the flamenküche which is like a pizza with Alsacien onion, bacon, caraway and Emmenthaler cheese.  That was off the charts delicious.   I had the burger which was just so delicious but it was huge!  As Richard Gere said in "Officer and a Gentleman"...No, sir. You can kick me outta here, but I ain't quitting.  That's what I said when the giant burger was set before me (ironically, there was no MAYO-nnaise on it).  Anyway, I couldn't finish it.  I had to quit.  Guess I was more like David Keith's character than Richard Gere's!  (Read the synopsis on IMDB to see what happened to him if you haven't seen the film)Our server was delightful...she had great suggestions, a lot of enthusiasm and clearly loved her job.  This Besh guy, the celebrity chef of Luke, really knows what he's doing.  I'm a fan.This food lifted me up where I belong.I have to say upfront that I was a pain in the ass during my visit to Luke... I would have been annoyed with myself if I had to deal with me. Wait... oh ok, that made sense.So this was a birthday dinner for the wife during our trip to NOLA. We showed up an hour late from what we booked online. The host wasn't fazed at all... he said that we'd be punished later and led us to a table in the back. This restaurant was PACKED so I was appreciative of him finding us a spot and a little humor goes a long way with me.Let's talk about the food... If you like oysters, MAKE SURE you order the Fried Oyster Salad. You get several huge fried oysters on a bed of romaine, bacon & avocado. Fried...bacon...how could you not want this? It was delicious and a lot of food for a salad.We shared a crab meat bisque and it was good but spicy! We got a bowl brought to us with a crawfish head floating in it... I immediately grabbed it (yes with my fingers) and sucked all the crawfish goodness out of it. I was met with a mouth and throat on fire from the heat! After downing the glass of water, wiping away the tears and waiting for my wife to stop laughing...I got the strength to whisper "hey that's got a little kick"Yeah... I'm a joy to eat withAs we continued... I got the moules et frites after some talking to the server...poor woman got asked a ton of questions and didn't seem to mind a bit. The bride & I don't do french OK, stop judging us!The wife dug her shrimp dish, I can't recall what it was called, but the shrimp were huge. I think she was more impressed by her wine selection but the meal as a whole got a great review from her. Way to make me look good!All & all, the joint is a little pricey but very good. It's a great selection of regional dishes executed especially well. Epicureans looking for something fancy won't be disappointed.A pretty fine place for a dozen on the half shell and a cold, cold Spaten.  The well polished brass and wood bar fill out with a lively after-work crowd,  young professional types animated with stories of the day's clients.It is very loud, there's zero acoustical dampening, and the tile floors seem to bounce every click-click of the high-heeled lawyers that sweep by behind you.  Although maybe the floor is a 100-year throwback and real sounds are part of the draw.Sort of a packaged retelling then of a turn-of-the-century big city, dark wood with white tile and maybe the prices to go with it - the cheeseburger was nearly twenty dollars.   The mussels with fries go well with the cinema of the bar, but the lifestyle  price of this traditional dish is more unpleasant than a mystery.  The Sazerac was keen, and after the first one you may need another.My favorite restaurant hands down. Lovely service most of the time. We go for happy hour 3-6 seven days a week. Oysters on the half shell, pâté, Half price champagne! Everything is good!I wanted to try out a John Besh restaurant but didn't want to blow the budget on August, so this was a great compromise.Casual vibe in the Hilton hotel and hubby and I got a great laugh since the waiters all look like little med students running around in their short white coats with pens in their pockets!Service here is excellent and attentive.  Prices are very reasonable.  We missed happy hour unfortunately but had an early dinner.  Their quick pre-selected 3-course dinners are an amazing value at about $23 each.  Loved my crawfish soup to start!  My main was the redfish bouillon that was OK but not memorable now that I'm back home.  Enjoyed the creme brulee.Hubby had a salad and burger a la carte - very good.  Fries are thin and fresh.It's in the central business district so it's a bit quieter than other parts of the city.  Overall great value and excellent service.Besh, Besh, Besh-- everybody tells you to go to some part of the John Besh empire, and who am I to say no?  Looking for something open on Sunday night, but less expensive than August, we ended up here.  We were nearly turned away at the door-- "no walk-ins for at least the next hour," we were told.  But we found a small corner of the bar and ultimately convinced the waitstaff to let us squat there.The name of the game is shrimp.  Shrimp cocktail for an appetizer: these things are substantive, meaty, and flavorful-- nothing like the bloated, frozen stuff I buy at the grocery store.  Shrimp and grits for an entree-- a tasty, rich, sauce, for more delicious shrimp and grits like nothing I've ever had up North.I liked my sazerac too.  In a town like New Orleans, I am told you can eat much better, but let me tell you, you can also eat much, much, worse.Update:  Downgraded to three stars after my experience at Cochon-- which rendered this but a pale memory.Walking into Lüke's is like walking into the past - some decade in the early half of 20th century America - and gives me the urge to take off my fedora and trench coat, even when I'm not wearing one.  Being one who enjoys that era in history, I would come here just to admire the decor, food be damned.  But luckily, the food is plentiful and quite good.  I had the mussels and could not finish it, they gave me so much.  There's a full bar.  I have to go back sometime soon because I hear there are 50 cent oysters during happy hour!  The only downside to this restaurant is parking, since it's located in an area where there's not a lot of street parking.  It's walking distance from the French Quarter though, so if you're ever there on vacation or for business, Lüke is definitely worth checking out.I went for Happy Hour oysters over French Quarter fest weekend and definitely got my money's worth from the food. Four dozen oysters, a sandwich and drinks between two of us came out to be around $60. We called ahead and were assured that we had to get there early or they couldn't accommodate us, which might have been because it was FQF weekend, but the place was empty upon our arrival and had plenty of seats available when we left.  Being rushed in early and the attitude that accompanied that cost them a star in my review when added to the "lukewarm" service (sorry, couldn't resist).  I'd go back again when I can spare the time (shucking oysters takes a while) and when they can offer to accommodate me at an hour that doesn't make me feel like I'm too late for lunch and too early for dinner.Came back here with the wife for dinner.We shared a cup of the crawfish bisque and seafood gumbo.  Both are probably top one or two we had while in NOLA - probably the other contender is Acme's gumbo.  The bisque came with a stuffed crawfish head and the gumbo had chunks of oysters and shrimp with perfectly spicy-salty dark roux and fluffy white rice.Next came the oyster-avocado-ham salad which had crispy greens, perfectly dressed.  The fried oysters weren't greasy at all- crispy outside and creamy inside.  So far so good!The entrees were good but not great.  Wife had the grilled gulf fish with crawfish, artichokes, and mushrooms.  The portion looked a bit small, and the fish although cooked well tended to have a bit too much pepper in the seasoning.  I had the roast chicken which came in a nice cast iron pot with steamed veggies and garlic mash potatoes.  I gave the drumstick to my wife and she loved it- meat falling off the bone and crispy skin.  I felt the test of the chicken had good taste for the most part, and you do need to eat the meat with the skin.  The chicken was slightly overcooked around the breast unfortunately.  A pretty good dish, but still a notch below Thomas Keller's Bouchon chicken dish.  Veggies (carrots and cauliflower) were cooked well and tender.For dessert we had the bittersweet chocolate mousse with dulce de leche ice cream topping.  Excellent choice - the sweet ice cream combined with the bitter dark chocolate mousse underneath is a winning combination.  My wife commented that when she scraped the bottom of the dessert glass things started to taste sweet again.  Interesting contrast of flavors.Service was flawless with the server checking up on us frequently.Oysters + beer = happy is probably all you need to know...! Really standout and delicious oysters. Same goes for the beer, although I'm not sure that had anything to do with Luke (although they kept it cold and poured it nicely). Overall, it was really fun to sit at the bar, watch the game, and down some great food. The oysters were probably some of the best I've ever had, and it was a great intro for the husband.We'll be back, and I can't wait to try some more items off the menu.Yeeha! More amazing Nawlins' eatin'.  Yelp pointed me to Luke, so thanks to all those hard workin'  "yelpas" (as they like to say in Boston). Luke provided a fantastic lunch. Cocktails were a must, so we set ourselves up with a French '75 and Sazerac. There was a Herloom Tomatos salad on the specials menu - 2nd best edible of our entire trip (beaten only by Delachaise's Apricot Riesling Creme Brulee). Really amazing flavors. Wifey got the crab meat omlette, which illicited a "yay" response. I got the Cochon au lait pressed sandwich, which fullfilled all my shredded river of pork dreams. In regards to the whole look of luke - it has the french Bistro tiled thing going on. But in addition to that, all the waiters look like 1950's lab technicians (or pharmasists), with white coats, notebooks in breast pocket, and black rimmed glasses. There are a ton of interesting decor choices -  newspaper racks, a still behind the bar, animal head above the bar. All good stuff. Luke is a "must visit"  to anyone visiting New Orleans.The food is excellent.  I've been twice and both times it was really off the charts.  Had the same thing both times, oysters on the half shell and shrimp and grits.  My only beef is with the service.  The first visit the service was ok.  However, the second time I ate at the bar and it was pretty abysmal.  They didn't clean my area of the bar from the previous patron and, for all intents and purposes, refused to do so.  The bartender just put a napkin down and served me my food.  I'll still come back though, the food is just too good.Went here for happy hour--fifty cent oysters and half price drinks--and had one of the best meals of my life.  Since that meal consisted of two dozen raw oysters on the half shell and several champagne cocktails, I got a great deal.  Can't vouch for the rest of the menu, but the place was packed with happy people.Great service nice ambience but noisy. Food was good, gumbo rue was fabulously light and tasty. Had the crab appetizer. Husband had the sausage trio, not our cup of tea. Nice choice of wine beer. Fun atmosphere.Visited at Happy Hour on my quest to run into John Besh. They do 50 cent oysters from 5-7. They were amazing. Rest of the menu looks pretty southern. Service was attentive and the atmosphere was nice. I'd go back for dinner.Very good food and atmosphere. The crab bisque and shrimp grits were excellent. The staff are friendly and attentive. I will definitely be back when in NOLA.We weren't planning to make this a stop on our trip, but I'm glad we did. This was our first meal in NOLA and we did not have time to make reservations anywhere else. Our concierge recommended this place so we went along with it. It is located in the Hilton just outside the French Quarter. He ordered the burger, which the server notified us was one of the top 5 burgers in the US. When it came, it made me wish I ordered one as well. After having a bite, I was blown away. The bun was hearty enough to hold everything in the burger, but soft and absorbed all the juices. The meat was juicy and cooked well. The bacon was not salty like storebought bacon. It was smoky and tasted amazing. Just a note, our server recommends ordering this burger the way you order a steak. They grind their meat fresh every morning. I started with the beet salad with greens, spiced pistachios, and blue cheese. Toasted pistachios are a weakness of mine, and the textures of the cheese and nuts went well with the beets. The entree I ordered was the mussels. This is a favorite dish of mine to order at restaurants, but never had I received an order with so many mussels! The broth was not oily and was perfect to dip the french fries in. Without help from the boyfriend, I would not have been able to finish this entree on my own. Our dining experience would not have been complete with our awesome server, Rye. He knew the menu inside out and gave us history of the restaurant. Everything served is locally grown or grown by the restaurant themselves. Luke also has choice of its own two beers, a light or amber beer and a great local beer list. We were too full to even look at the dessert menu, but I am sure there were some great options on there!Thank you Chef John Besh!  My husband and I stayed at the Hilton hotel on St. Charles. One of my main goals was to find some delicious New Orleans grinds.  I was starving when we arrived and didn't want to do any research on Yelp for a place to eat.  Thank God Luke was connected to our hotel!!!  We ended up eating here 3 times over 5 days.  It's usually full of business suits, but that doesn't bother me when the food is so good.All the traditional dishes were good, but the huge surprise was the burger.  I was against ordering a burger while I was in New Orleans, because I wanted to try as many local eats as possible... and you can find burgers anywhere.  I overheard this lady raving about how delicious her burger was, so I had to order it the next time we ate there.  She was absolutely right!  It was one of the best burgers I've ever had!  It was huge, juicy, and packed with flavor.  I also highly recommend getting their bread pudding a la mode.  It was mouth-watering good and straight out the oven!With rock star status,  New Orleans Chef John Besh serves up amatuer garage band grub at Luke.  Is he peddling some sort of  Alsatian - Creole - Black Forest - Bistro grub?  Who knows; I don't get it.  On a recent visit to Luke, my red fish was served coated with a soggy batter and covered with a tasteless dollop of lump crab meat.  The desert of bread pudding was swimming in an overwhelming praline sauce, making this New Orleans staple virtually unrecognizable.  The waitstaff look silly in white tunics.  Is this place REALLY a John Besh restaurant?Having previously dined at August (another Besh venture), I find Luke to be terribly disappointing ... completely incongruent with Besh's reputation.  NOLA has much better to offer within easy walking distance (away) from Luke.Enjoyable atmosphere - we had a great view of the kitchen from our table and really enjoyed watching everyone in there do their thing while we dined.The tables were a little on the small side. Our party of 4 was a bit cramped, and there weren't even any larger tables to switch to. Food was brought out in a slightly haphazard fashion - our drinks, gumbo and salads were all brought out simultaneously (after we waited for a good ten minutes). Our server was obviously bothered by this and removed our salads (delivering them later, at a more appropriate time). The menu was inventive - gumbo and spaetzle on the same page! The gumbo was really, really excellent. The entrees were good. Not terrific, but good. My family enjoyed some braised lamb that was pleasant, some mussels which would have been better if there were more sauce in the "bucket" they came in, and a sausage platter that was tasty and a little mysterious (never could quite pinpoint what meats were used, without asking). The bread pudding was heavenly. Really, really, really worthwhile.I wouldn't know a celebrity chef if he bit me in the ass, so I really don't care about whoever Jon Besh is.  But this restaurant rocked!  Had the frisee salad with lardons and fried pig's ears, Dave had the express lunch of smoked beef brisket.  Both were outstanding.  Dave also had a Sazarac, mainly because he remembers Katharine Hepburn getting wasted on them at the end of "Man of the Year".  He's not a whiskey drinker at all, but really liked his drink.Also, the service was almost too good.  This was just after Mardi Gras, and the waiter said he hadn't shifted out of high gear yet.Excellent food, service and atmosphere. One of our favorite restaurants in New Orleans. As an appetizer, the blood sausage with potatoes and onions is wonderful.  Served on an iron skillet, the potatoes and onions were still sizzling. Blood sausage is the type of dish that can be very, very good; or very, very not good. Lüke's blood sausage was superb, leading to my dining mates requesting a taste of it for themselves. For the main course, I chose the burger and fries, which was said by a friend to be one of the finest in the city. The burger did not disappoint, with a high quality, melt-in-your-mouth patty and thick bacon. The french fries were long and crisp with a slightly spicy batter. Paired with a pale ale from the fine beer selection, the meal was a fantastic lunch during a very long and busy day.Lüke is located a few blocks away from the convention center and the French Quarter. This provided a welcome respite from the crowds with a very relaxed atmosphere inside of the restaurant. The bar in Lüke is very well stocked, and staggeringly high. The drink of choice for our group was the French 75, which includes champagne, cognac and lemon juice(!) It was amazing, and hands down the best drink we had while in New Orleans. When visiting the Big Easy, do not hesitate to add Lüke a stop on your trip.I decided to come here 4 nights in a row to test out the various menu items. Happy hour is excellent w/ half-off oysters and bar drinks. That was a 5 star experience. The entrees each night were great. Definitely not the best I've ever had but very solid, dependable and great combinations of flavors. The salad of avocado, deep fried oysters, and thick cut smokehouse bacon was intense. The Wednesday lamb shank was terrific. Service was friendly although a little cliquish. Behind the Bar, Jessie was great - very client oriented. Thomas - arrogant, in-attentiive and rude, always acting like he's doing a favor by waiting on you. He should be fired.  The bar side is definitely more fun than the sterile dining room side.    Sit at the bar near the waiter service window and you'll really here what's happening in NOLA.My boyfriend and I went here last week just to try out for dinner. I don't know because we came in a little late but the servers didnt give us the service like an upscale restaurant suppose to be. They put us in a corner all the way at the end where it was so dark that we had to ask for better seats, and they wasn't busy at all. Then we had to ask for our plates because the guy forgot to give us when they served the bread and butter. On top of that, all the servers was messing around, talking, laughing really loud to each others. They even started to punch each others, chasing around right infront of our table. The food was ok that why I have two stars. Don't know if we should come backJohn Besh is fast becoming my New Orleans foodie-crush in the same manner that I casually stalked Rick Bayless (pre-top chef days) while living in Chicago. These men can cook, create a menu, make the world whole once again. Rarely do I find a restaurant at which each of the three courses is executed in such flawless fashion. I started with the local oysters, which were some of the largest and sweetest I have ever tasted. I didn't even long for the mignonette which I have become accustomed to in New York; they required no added flavor besides the simple squeeze of a lemon. An order of peel and eat jumbo shrimp came on the same "plateau" and I couldn't have been happier. Possibly the most incredibly fresh and meaty shrimp I have ever had. For the entrees, I ordered the shrimp and crab étouffée with fennel, saffron, and tagliatelle. This dish was rich and garlicky, but well portioned and perfectly balanced. The sauce was neither too thick nor too thin and acted as a nice compliment to the chunks of blue crab. I also tried some of the pork shank with sausage and house made sauerkraut. Now, sauerkraut is not something I'll usually write home about...it's more of a garnish or a faded memory of German home dinners to me. But this was different! It wasn't overly vinegary and had an almost sweetness that accompanied the meat instead of overpowering it. The pork was briny and fall off the bone tender, and the sausage (with a cherry mustard) was ground and packed so finely; almost the smooth texture of bologna, and amply spiced with nutmeg (perhaps even a bit TOO much nutmeg).I tried to resist dessert, but then I saw pecan bread pudding with ice cream and caramel and accepted my impending pant-size-up, plus coffee (with the freshest cream I've ever witnessed tableside). The bread pudding was soft and cinnamony, with sweetened pecans and the buttery thin caramel that just all melted in your mouth. No regrets (and I don't even normally eat gluten).I also ordered a sazerac. This led to no disappointment. In fact, the drink was so smooth, had I been feeling like getting into a bit of trouble, I would have had a few more.As a note: yes, I DID come back here again during my short 4 day trip. It's that good.I have been here for lunch and dinner. Very casual.Small winelist, but lots of good stuff. Try the daily specials. The redfish and brisket specials are fantastic. Located in the Hilton which requires they are open 365.Also try the crab salad and stuffed shrimp with orange hollandaise. Amazing sandwiches at lunch. My wife had a softshell crab blt that was enormous.This place is slipping. Service has gotten slow.Keep your afternoons free for Luke! Happy hour here is truly a deal you do not want to miss if you are in the area. In the words of the man who prepares the oysters, "50 cents, super fresh and de-lish!" Plus, all the beers, wines, and liquors are half off. For cocktails, I would recommend the St. Charles Streetcar. If you like fresh oysters and cheap, but delicious, drinks, you will most likely want to go back again and again to take advantage of this deal. (Plus, you'll get to see your nice, friendly waiter again like we did!)Went here for a late lunch on Friday a few weeks ago and had 1) one of the best-done burgers I've ever had in New Orleans, 2) some great oysters and 3) Some great cocktailsMy standard for a burger is high and they went way beyond it. Every element of the burger worked for me. The bacon was soft and crispy and the burger was actually medium rare like I requested! The tower of oysters given to my table could have had larger sizes but the taste made up for it. Great place to go for a way to wind down after the workweek and before a Friday night.I had a great experience here. We came in for happy hour on a Friday. It was busy but we were quickly seated. 1/2 off specialty drinks and $.50 oysters...they were great! We split a ribeye that was cooked to perfection and topped with lightly seasoned crab meat. Excellent!Go anytime, but make sure not to miss their brunch. It's like breakfast, but better. A bunch better. Bunch + breakfast equal brunch. Go early, your'e not the only tourist in New Orleans.I didnt know this place had breakfast! A small morning menu but worth the money. Thats the thing with any John Besh restaurant is this; he rarely lets his executive chefs play around to create new and exciting dishes. In reality there's very little creativity in his food. All his food is based on classic recipes, revamped for the hungry appetites of NOLA residents. With that said though, those classic dishes (I had the Croque Madame for brunch) still taste amazing!VERY important to remember, try Luke's hamburger someday!!!My husband and I ate at Luke last Saturday for our 29th anniversary.  The food and the service were excellent!  I would definitely recommend this restaurant to everyone for a very special dining experience!We went for the $.50 oysters, of course! We ordered 4 dozen oysters, frites, and veal pasta. The oysters are large and good but not as good as Acme. Then again, you are getting it for half the price of Acme. The oysters aren't briny like Acme either. You do get hard sharp shell bits in your oysters which makes me think if the shulker has experience. I know I shouldn't complain for the price but it took away from the experience when you have to pick out shell bits from your oyster or your mouth. They are good though. Customer services is Amazing. They are so friendly and accommodating.  I didn't like that even though the restaurant only had two other customers there they put us in a tiny tiny minature two person table because we ordered alot of food and there was no room on the table.  They had to use a rack to stack our food on top of each other.  We couldn't even see each other to talk.  If the restaurant is empty, they should put us in a bigger table for comfort sake. I would highly recommend this place as a must for the value.The food was great. I had a light meal here (the place had caught my eye on the way "home"):-- 1/2 dozen P&J oysters were fresh and ICE COLD-- Fried oyster salad (?) ... Recommended by the server, who insisted that it wouldn't be oyster overkill. The salad was a little overdressed with salty dressing, but holy shit, the chopped up pieces of thick sliced bacon and fried oysters hit the spotService was okay. Not extremely attentive, but not bad either.Atmosphere:-- Decor was spot on for a hotel restaurant-- Eavesdropped: "She thinks she's so cool for going to school in Alabama..." (AWESOME)First the Bad (what very little of it there was): The rice in the gumbo tasted like instant rice. Incredible gumbo with cheap rice. I would just assume not put rice in the gumbo. Also, my Sazerac was on the slightly tiny side.Now, the good: I didn't order any foods I hadn't ever had before. I've had my fair share of head chees and Cochon de lait; I've had more links of smoked sausage in 25 years than one should in a lifetime; I've had cracklins a few times; and I've had enough Gumbo to float an aircraft carrier in.I've never experienced the taste's I did that evening at luke. The familar items gave me tastes I've never had before in my life. It was dream like. Also, the house brew beer was more than noteworthy.So good, I went there twice while in New Orleans.The duck/rabbit pate is to die for, and the oysters are spectacular.I also had the mussels which came in a great cast iron pot along with ample amounts of broth, and more than enough flavor.  I swear there were about 30 mussels in that pot!Best of all, it's not some pretentious, up scale place.  It's solid food at a great price.Almost five stars, but not quite, folks...Their space is lovely-the room takes you back in time. From the printed tin ceiling to the oyster shell mirrors, it's all in the details, and they worked it out very well here. Take a walk to the bathroom, it's worth it...Cochon with greens was one of the most savory and interesting things I've tasted. Frites were perfectly crispy and thin. Then I had a MAJOR issue with the oyster salad. It was delicious (how can you go wrong with Benton's bacon?) until I came to a giant rock hard lump of corn meal with a petrified oyster inside. Nearly broke a tooth. There were a few of these "rock" oysters in the salad. I notified the waiter, who brought me 3 oysters on a plate.Dishtowels as napkins make me laugh, though. Others may find them charmant, mais pas mois. I find them linty and strange. Our waiter had a great personality and described the dishes quite well, but wasn't there when we needed him and forgot about bread. Also, I was hoping for a complimentary something or other after the salad rocks. I would go back in a minute, though. The food is great (mostly) and I love the room.Cheers~I don't even know how to begin documenting my experience here. We came here on a Wednesday night, 8pm reservation for 7 people.Our server brought us water and we ordered drinks. Let me tell you, their special drinks menu is classic..haha. As I looked at their cocktail menu, every drink had a bourbon, cognac, or some other "acquired taste" type of liquer. I guess we know who their target market is. Some guys (late 20s) in the group ordered the Mint Julep, they hated it. I had the French 75, that actually came in a cognac glass. I didn't mind it and sipped it throughout our meal.For food, we all started out with oysters. Those were GOOD! Horseradish was a little strong though. I then started with the crawfish bisque, salty but delicious. Entree for me was the crabmeat ravioli. It started out tasting a little funny, but as I ate more I started to really enjoy it. What bothered me about that dish is the fact that the raviolis were all stuck together (the skin) but broken apart in the middle and all the stuffing was everywhere. My boyfriend had the ribeye with crabmeat on top (served on a cutting board). I think the ribeye would have been pretty average if it weren't for the delicious crab meat. For sides, I had the sauteed local vegetable, too oily but tasted good. My boyfriend had the fries that were really good but salty. I tried our friend's asparagus and it was good. The service was SLOW and unattentive. The funny part of the night was when a married and drunken Brazilian woman in her late 30s who started hitting on this dude in our group despite her husband being right there. She told our friend that she's never had a black guy before and she heard that once you go black you don't go back...wtf..haha...she was at our table whispering to him for like 15 minutes before we had to get the server to tell her to leave. She was friends with all the servers and busboys in the restaurant so maybe she work(s)(ed) there(???) Definitely not classy..though entertaining.SO, OVERALL, as you can see by my rambling, everything is followed by a "but." The food was delicious but you just dont go away feeling like everything is top-notch. Always a little something missing.I had the duck confit and white bean cassoulet. I also had the chocolate cake, bread pudding, and profiteroles for dessert.The duck confit was outstanding. A quarter of duck was cooked with a nice crisp on the outside, yet tender and delicious inside. The cassoulet was yummy with a nice flavor of bacon, although a little dry. The garlic sausage was great. The dish came with three big chunks of fried pork belly for a nice alternative. This is a VERY meaty dish. I tried the Monday special - daube of slow cooked lamb and it was excellent. Little patties of tender lamb, flavored perfectly. For dessert, don't waste your time with anything but the bread pudding. The chocolate cake was dry and profiteroles just okay. The bread pudding was warm, boozy, and with the right consistency. A big hit for me.Mint julep- Very very very strong. I guess they give you your moneys worth but I felt like I was just drinking a big cup of bourbon. I did not taste much else besides thatGumbo- Flavorful and chunky goodness. Prob the best gumbo I had in New Orleans.Jumbo Lousiana Shrimp En Cocotte- Loved every bite of this. Shrimp was fresh and cooked just right. Grits was creamy and perfect. This was my first time having grits and I was impressed.Brendan's Bread Pudding was ok but the Gateau  Basque Vanilla cake was gross. It was excessively sweet also very dry. Disappointing.After a long day of sightseeing and experiencing New Orleans, we were looking for a convenient place to dine.  Since we were staying at the Intercontinental, we spotted Luke Restaurant at the Hilton right across St. Charles Street.We enjoyed their daily price fixe, a fantastic lamb dish that was prepared perfectly.  The ambiance reminded me of a speakeasy or tavern from the 1930s.  Service was classy and all 3 of our courses were more delicious than the next.The price was reasonable, the location couldn't have been better, and we left stuffed and satisfied with a wonderful taste of New Orleans.Highlights of the menu:The burger - huge and comes with house made friesCroque monsieur/madame - high end ham& cheese (spring for the egg on top)Pate of Rabbit and Duck livers - the flavors complement each other perfectlyThe maple sausage served in the Southern breakfastShrimp and Grits - the grits are a revelation (though the portion is small)A great stop for breakfast, lunch or happy hour - I wouldn't waste a coveted dinner spot since there are better Besh spots.Judging from the ceremonial sword and lots of little military touches in the interior design (eagles, stars, etc), I'm guessing John Besh is a former Marine. Also dig the antique ceiling fan setup (very steampunkish) and the classic brass/wood theme throughout.I ordered the roasted cochon de lait sandwich, and really enjoyed the pork's flavor. The country style cherry mustard is delicious, I had to get a second serving due to dipping the sandwich in it (like an au jus sauce) for nearly every bite. The house frittes are appropriately seasoned (as in, while the oil was still hot) with big grains of sea salt. Drank an Oak-aged Arrogant Bastard which "hoppily"(sorry!) paired well with the smoked little piggy. Finished my lunch with a French-75, and if I'd known they made them this good I probably would've started lunch with one as well.. Get the French-75 but be careful or else thenext day, your head WILL feel like you've been at the artillery range..Service was a little spotty (-1) as in, hard to get my waiter's attention (on a slow monday afternoon) after being left for 20 mins to review the menus again and again and again.. Friendly staff, but I could see it being an issue if the place is crowded.We went to Luke and tried a variety of dishes this past weekend - and it was fantastic! Drinks: The cocktails are awesome. They're a little expensive but they're worth trying one.  The Champagne au Peche (or something close to that) is delicious.Appetizers: We started with the raw oysters.  They were possibly the freshest and best tasting oysters I've had in 3 years in New Orleans.  The cocktail sauce was also perfectly crafted with a nice taste or horseradish mixed in.   We also got the foie gras appetizer.  This one is always delicious.  You can actually eat it as an entree too.  It may not look particularly large but if you eat the entire thing, you will be filled up.  The balsamic vinegar adds a touch of flavor to the dish as well.By the time we go this far - we actually opted for salads as our entrees.  We got the lardon and poached egg salad, but the name escapes me right now. The flavor of the lardons and poached egg are great - the greens are an interesting texture.  I think this salad might be better with spring mix of some kind - these greens are kind of chewy and dense - so if you don't like that, you might try something else.Desert: We opted for the creme brulee - which was fantastic.  The custard was very nicely flavored (I find at a lot of places its often bland).  I think the vanilla bean custard gave it a little more flavor than just a generic vanilla blend.  The top was crusted perfectly.  It comes with fruit on top - which is not just a garnish, but really brings out the flavor of the dish.Finally, we tried the coffee.  Not that it was anything special - but it is french press and had good flavor, so its a nice way to end the meal.I've eaten here numerous times and tried many dishes and loved them all.  The burger and other sandwiches are always great - as is the Gumbo.  I can't recommend this place enough.  It is pretty affordable and you really get your monies worth.There is only one reason for the 4 vs the 5.  We will get to that. I took my angel here for our top of the line dinner during our most recent trip to this magnificent town.  She was the focus of my attention as she was wearing "that dress" and she looked magnificent.  I was proud she wanted me on her arm!  In any case we had a reservation for 8:00 and got there a touch early so spent time at the bar.  Our bartender knew his craft and was fantastic.  When you can ask a bartender to do something different than the norm with gin and he comes up wth corpse reviver number 2(?!) thats a pro.  Unfortunately we got forgotten at the bar for over 45 minutes and then got attitude from the hostess as we asked for our table (wtf?)  We got a great table once we did get seated and proceeded to love love love this place.  We were seated right on the glass showcase kitchen and I was able to geek out on technique and process and the like.  This was pure theatre for me!  My angel got the chicken dish which was sublime.  I know chicken right?  Its been brined for 3 days, crispy to the outside with tremendous flavor and juicy to the inside.  WOW.  I got the shrimp and grits and was not at all disappointed.  Finished with the Bread Pudding.  Holy cow!  We had a great time, wonderful food and amazing company.  How can you lose?Dropped in here for dinner upon arrival at our hotel since it was very closeby.Rabbit liver pate - I guess my palette wasn't ready for this but I didn't like it much and the fiancee totally hated it. It was a different taste than the regular liver pate I'm used to.Seafood etouffe - Great flavor along with a different presentation - served over fresh made pasta.Shrimp & grits - Everyone on Yelp raved about this so I gave it a try. The shrimp was bursting with flavor and the grits were perfectly cooked and creamy. Shrimp was perfectly cooked as well. It was, however, a bit salty - was probably the combo of the roux, sausage, and spices in the sauce. I had a glass or 2 of water before finishing the plate (while normally I don't drink at all until I finish my meal).A bit overpriced for what we received but at a restaurant of John Besh caliber, this is expected.It is the early evening and I got a tip that the restaurant in the nearby Hilton Hotel had great steaks and creative entrees. It didn't take much effort to convince Niki to give it a try since she was in the mood for a nice big juicy rib eye. So we got ready and out the door we went. It was a short walk from our hotel which was nice and once we arrived at the Hilton we noticed that the restaurant had its own separate entrance and over the door the sign welcomes you to LUKE. LUKE is a very nice restaurant, everyone in this place was dressed up and enjoying themselves which just added to the experience. Once seated we were promptly offered fresh baked bread and our drink order taken. Now the bread was fantastic but is it me or when dinning in a restaurant with a french chef, does the butter always taste better??? After spending some time reviewing the menu Niki chose the Rib Eye (what a surprise, lol) and I chose a cup of seafood gumbo to start and Rabbit Fricassee over pasta.After a short wait my seafood gumbo arrived, it was great, no excellent, It was the best gumbo I had in a long while, French Chef, no surprise there. It was just how I like it hot, full of seafood, and just a spoonful of rice. Bravo! Our entrees showed up and Niki's steak looked sooo good and served on a wood cutting bored, how cool is that? The rabbit fricassee and pasta was to die for and a rare treat that I will have to enjoy again. I know alot of people cringe at the thought of eating rabbit but boy was this so so tasty.For dessert I ordered the bread pudding. It was delicious and perfectly made. Alot of places just go way overboard with bread pudding and stuff it full of stuff. Here at LUKE simplicity is perfection and the just hit it every time.I usually try to come up with some kind of catchy hook now to get you to go try a place but I think I will sum it all it in three words. GO TO LUKE!I knew that I wanted something memorable to eat on New Years Eve and since Luke was across the street from the hotel I was staying at, it seemed like the perfect fit. We were immediately seated in the back room and I was ecstatic to be able to see the kitchen in action. The decor at Luke brought me back to another time-very old school indeed. Our server was great, though I can't recall his name. We followed his lead and started our meal off with a 1/2 dozen oysters and the cochon balls which were fried. Literally these are pigs feet that are simmered for hours upon hours and finally balled up and pan fried. I can say without a doubt that I would recommend these to anyone who went to Luke. They melted in my mouth and were accompanied by a rich sauce. The oysters were fresh and in peak season. We were in agreement that these were the best oysters we had ever eaten. To continue our meal I had the shrimp and grits. These were the best shrimp and grits I had on my food tour of NOLA. The shrimp were succulent and the grits were creamy and smooth. My boyfriend ordered the pork shank. When it arrived we were shocked to see how large this entree was. The pork shank was the size of an infant and was accompanied by a house-made bratwurst, potatoes and huge chunks of pork belly. It was incredibly rich, but he demolished his dish. Since I was feeling good that the bf's meal was a great deal bigger than mine, I opted for dessert. At our server's recommendation, we ordered the Gateau Basque. Our server told us it was prepared by pouring the batter into a pan that was already heated up-clever. This makes for a crunchy, almost burnt crust and a soft, gooey interior. The manager also let us know that while the cake is baking it is injected with a syrup to keep it moist. Topped with candied citrus and creme fraiche, this was one of the best desserts I have ever tasted. It was the perfect balance of textures and flavors. Overall, the bf and I enjoyed Luke so much that we came back 2 more times on our NOLA vacation to take advantage of the 1/2 price oysters and drinks for happy hour. The 3rd time we came service was pretty slow and inattentive, but our previous experiences outweighed this minor problem. I will support anything that John Besh puts his name on after my experience at Luke.When looking at various John Besh restaurants, I thought Luke would be a good try but I wasn't thoroughly impressed. The atmosphere is great if you sit in the back where you can see the kitchen staff hard at work through a clear glass. Otherwise, be forewarned that the front of the house is accompanied by their uncooked seafood (hello, wafts of ocean...).The food is more so where the 2 stars come in. While the service and set-up was great, I really think you're paying for the chef name and recipes. After trying the vegetarian dish once (veggies and pasta), I asked our server to woo the chef into making me an original dish- most places take on this challenge with absolutely no compliant. What came out was- wait for it- pasta and veggies. Same dish, different noodles. My parents tried two different carnivorous meals and both said they were "meh," especially after our previous meals that weekend. Overall, worth a shot if you're looking for a fun night and some new food. Irony is, after seeing the two things on the menu that we thought "Who would get those at a place like this?", we realized those should have been our orders. Their hamburgers and the ham and cheese sandwich looked good enough for a vegetarian to try! Mind you, I'd sub the ham for tomatoes, but they were exquisite! And their french fries are totally worth it.Loved the LUKE FRU (beer). CRABMEAT and BROWN SHRIMP ETOUFEE was delicious. It's not typical. It comes with a white sauce and pasta instead of rice and is flavored to perfection. The PORK SHANK (not sure what it's called on the menu) is so juicy and a very generous helping. Sitting at the bar was fun. You can watch staff shuck oysters and make gigantic seafood pyramid platters. Staff behind the bar were very friendly. If u don't want to sit at the bar MAKE RESERVATIONS.We tried Luke for dinner since we'd heard good things. My friends ordered the burger and the shrimp & grits. The burger was pretty good -- it was similar to fathers office in LA but the bun wasn't as crunchy/crispy and it didn't have blue cheese. The portions are huge! The shrimp were super juicy and the steak was also quite tasty but came out a bit rarer than I asked for. Our waiter was awesome -  very personable and friendly. I want to give this place 3.5 stars, because although the food was good, it wasn't a wonder to behold, which is what I had been expecting after all the hype.Since it's a John Besh restaurant, I went into Luke with very high expectations. Unfortunately, I was not much impressed. First of all, the service was extremely slow. It was just under 30 minutes from the time we sat down until our drinks arrived... and the rest of the meal followed the same unhurried theme. Luckily for us, we were celebrating a birthday with another couple, so we were happy to sit and talk for a couple of hours, but any other time, and I would definitely have been annoyed with the slow and inattentive service.The food was all good, but nothing spectacular. We started off with the assiette de charcuterie, which is an assortment of duck prosciutto, pâté, and different relishes and mustards to accompany. It was all good. We also had the escargot au gratin... now this was the best part of the meal... it was delicious. The veal glace and red wine used to prepare it was mixed perfectly... and it was served with delicious bread for dipping, it was very good. For entre, I had the Jagerschnitzel, which contains paneed veal cutlets atop pasta, all covered in a mushroom sauce. The sauce was clearly underserved, with only a little on top of the veal, and not nearly enough for the pasta underneath. The pictures I saw here on Yelp of the same meal show quite a bit more sauce... so, with the little sauce that was on the plate, it left the meal rather bland. My wife had the shrimp and grits... I stole a bite, and that was all I wanted. You can get very good plates of shrimp and grits all over the city of New Orleans, and this was not one of them... For dessert, we split the bread pudding. Once again, it was ok, but nothing special. It had some vanilla ice cream on top and a pecan sauce... but once you got through the top layer, the bottom half of the bread pudding was bland and dry. We didn't finish it. BOTTOM LINE: It was ok... the service was slow and the food was moderate at best. I can think of 10 different places in the same price range and with a similar menu selection that I would rather go to, so it is unlikely that I will return to Luke.I can't remember if I wrote a review for this gem back in fall 2010, and I'm too lazy to go look. In either case, both reviews - then and now - would and will share the same result: wonderful.In 2010, the week of Thanksgiving, I had the best-ever restaurant dining experience in my life. I was treating myself to a full dinner, and dining solo, I was a bit worried that service would be "meh" as it often is at finer places. Rather, my waiter was fantastic. When I told him I hadn't really had raw oysters before, but was curious, he fetched me two on the house to try out (resulting in something yummy!). And, when I had a little green organic visitor in my salad - showing that everything was extremely fresh - they took care of me. I didn't care much, as it wasn't something that signaled a lack of cleanliness. But, they swooped on in without a word, took my plate, and dashed off. The manager swung by, and apologized profusely, swearing that everything was 'taken care of'. And, he wouldn't let me argue (I seriously didn't mind paying!).Everything I had - a full five courses - was delectable. Not to mention, they made a darned good Old Fashioned.Since then, I've craved a return visit here. And, two weeks ago, I was in town and had just killed off the better part of Saturday walking around the Garden District... exhausted and in dire need of a light bite and a beer before the wedding I was set to attend that evening, I made a special hike over to Luke. I got there in the middle of their happy hour which is everyday (weekends too!) from 3-6pm and includes $.50 oysters and half-priced drinks (I think there are some that aren't, but many/most are). I sat at the bar, ordered a full dozen and a house beer, and found myself remiss to leave in time to hoof it way back to my room to shower and change for the wedding.Now, the oysters weren't as good as the ones I had two days before at Felix's, but... for $.50/ea. and decent conversation with the bartenders, it was a welcome stop at the end of a long, hot, tiring day.I will return again on my next trip. And, for someone who is always looking for a new place to eat, to find one to repeat visits to, that's saying a lot.Stopped by Luke's for our last lunch before we leave New Orleans.  The place was pretty busy for a Friday afternoon when we were there. My bf had their special of the day (forgot what the name was) and it was awesome.  I had their roasted chicken, and we both said it's the best roasted chicken we can remember eating for a LONG time.  And then we realized why, it's cooked with pancetta, which means it's probably cooked in chicken and bacon grease.  Um... what's not to like?!  Super buttery/creamy mashed potatoes and yummy squashes veggies on the side.  I might get a heart attack on my way to the airport, but I would've died happy.  Also kinda funny people watching, some looks like high brow business people, some look are tourists, some young adults getting together with friends. Lucky for us, the "couple" next table kept us guessing/occupied...  Older guy with younger girlfriend?  Mistress?  Dating service?  Mystery unsolved but entertained none the less.   Service is ok, not awesome, not terrible.  Can't say they're super attentive but not neglected to a point where I was annoyed.I've been to the one is San Antonio and I thought I would give this one in New Orleans a try.  Needless to say, in both places they ruined my order.  I'm never going to another Luke's!Food was ok.Service sucks!The food was superb.I'm so confused!!!  The pictures of the burger look so amazing how can you not want to just eat your phone BUT the BBQ oysters at Red Fish Grill I know are amazing BUT the BBQ shrimp cooked in spices and herb butter at Deanies are so highly regarded.  SO where would you eat if it was your last lunch of a great NO trip?  Hard to choose, right?  Wrong!!  We went to all three and were not disappointed in the least.  I suggest you do the same.  Start at Lukes and split the $16 dollar burger kinda pricey but very tasty.  Then Walk over to Red Fish Grill and eat  two orders of their BBQ Oysters (you'll feel cheated if you get just one order) with an Ice cold beer. Now realistically that should be enough for lunch but its only fish, not too filling? Now onto Deanies to sit at the bar and eat these amazing shrimp, however, I'm not sure what was better the shrimp or the loaf of French bread to dip into the butter with and washed down with an ice cold Heferweisen on tap!!! My God was it satisfying. I haven't felt that satisfied since my "first time"!!! Screw the calories I'm in Nawleans! Now I think I know what a junkie must go thru when he needs his fix.  You can't just get these flavors anywhere you know. And if all of the above wasn't enough like too idiots we walked to Café du Mond for coffee and beignets. We took a cab back to the hotel because we obviously could not walk, had a quickie and took a nap so we could dine at GW FINS which was also a fantastic experience.  Try the Scallabutt (scallops fused with a hunk of Halibut).  Se bon!! and Happy eating!Arrived on a Friday evening in time for  Happy Hour with half priced drinks and 50 cent oysters.  Pleasant atmosphere, varied menu and exceptional service.  I had shrimp  ettouffee (?) and my wife had Jaegerschnitzel and bread pudding for dessert.  Most enjoyable.Food was good.  Hostess was extremely rude though. Hostess' behavior seemed to be racially motivated as we were the only Asians in the restaurant.  I don't know if the food quality is worth the rude behavior by the staff.  I will avoid this restaurant in the future.This was perhaps the best meal we had during our time in New Orleans.  We decided to give Luke a try for a change of pace and because we wanted to see whether a John Besh restaurant actually lives up to the hype.  In a couple words: hell yes!Our meals consisted of the following:* "Le Plateau" of jumbo Louisiana Shrimp (1/2 dozen): Humangous shrimp that were juicy and oh so fresh.  It saddens me how Chicago's seafood can not even begin to compare to what the folks down in New Orleans get to eat.* Pate of Louisiana rabbit and duck livers: I developed a newfound appreciation for/obsession with pate from my trip to Paris last year.  Luke's pate was absolutely phenomenal.  The pate is served in a little jar and comes with an assortment of garnishes as well as some "country bread croutons".  After we went through the first batch of croutons, we got a second helping and proceeded to polish that off too.  That's how good the pate was.  * Moules et Frites: A French bistro staple, Luke's version of it did not disappoint.  First off, the portions are absolutely massive and the mussels themselves are ridiculously plump and fresh.  Our server taught us a little trick on how to use the mussel shells as pinchers for removing the meat -- so clever and effective!  The mussel broth made for a perfect dipping sauce for the frites.  Terrific dish and yet another reminder of how New Orleans seafood kicks major ass.I also got a cocktail called the French 75, which was basically cognac, lemon juice and champagne.  Very refreshing on a hot muggy day!Service was terrific -- friendly and polite, what one would expect dining in the South.  Prices were very reasonable and the ambiance is relaxing and inviting, which I much preferred over the rowdiness that one might find while dining at a restaurant on Bourbon St.  All in all, it was a fantastic meal.  Consider me a believer of John Besh!Outstanding Oktoberfest menu. Great value for money as well as splendid beers to compliment the four course dinner. My wife ordered half dozen oysters on the half shell; they were fresh and delicious.Highly recommended.So I thought that Lüke was straight up German food. I was totally expecting brats and beers. Better yet, it's actually an Alsace-Lorraine themed restaurant which is completely awesome. There are touches of German influence, touches of French, touches of Cajun, touches of Creole, but all in all this place is touches of awesome. Okay, so it's not exactly the most affordable of restaurants, but it's definitely worth visiting once, maybe twice.The onion tart with pancetta or pork belly or whatever it was, well the onion tart was all kinds of amazing. My friends had seafood, I had the shrimp and grits. It all looked amazing, but I was real pleased with the shrimp and grits as my choice. Give it a go already.I came here the night before I left NOLA...Wish I knew about it earlier.Creamy, buttery oysters, Nice staff, although they were busy and I waited a few at the bar.. no prob...The chef / oyster shucker  ( i think he was filling in shucking) was easy on the eyes. Grew up in Sausalito..I love bay connections.I was originally going to order the veal pate, but the bartender recommended the Pate sampler. Amazing...head cheese, scary to most, but I love that gnarly shit...a whipped something with a truffled fat...fois gras, rillette of something..I cant even remember what they all were, because I was hungry and forgot after a bottle of Gruner.. Either way...I ate most of the whole sampler ( 2 friends came and sampled it) and killed a dozen oysters.Will be a go-to restaurant when in New Orleans,Cheers!!I went here this past weekend with a girl friend of mine. I had a great experience that was due to the food and company!I reserved my table on OpenTable for 7:15 pm and arrived there for 7:05. I was seated right away all the way to the back of the restaurant. I arrived a little earlier than my friend and was waited on right away! The service is excellent! We had 2 waiters that waited on us throughout the night, so we were never waiting for our drink refill or any requests to be fulfilled. When my friend dropped her silverware on the floor, without even asking, the waiter brought her a new one within a couple of minutes! Talk about prompt service!! We hadn't even had the chance to ask for a new one. I guess he saw it and brought it right away! That's never happened at a restaurant before (well, not so quickly at least).We started off with drinks. I ordered the Champagne au Peche and she ordered the St. Charles Streetcar, which was divine! I ordered two more of those streetcars that night! What we ordered:-P&J oysters. A must try!!!! I don't care for Drago's oysters much. My favorite oysters were from Borgne (another Besh restaurant), which are similar to these. However, now these are my favorite! The oysters aren't over cooked while the topping is perfectly cooked and crisp! SO GOOD!!!!!!!!! And trust me, I know my oysters. I can eat 2 dozen raw anyday (minimum). -Terrine of slow cooked foie gras with brioche and sea salt. This is a slice of foie gras and probably my favorite spread of the night. The brioche was great! Crispy yet soft. The perfect combination with the foie.-Assiette de Charcuterie. This was the charcuterie board that had the most variety. Along with the rabbit pate (which was divine), hogs head cheese, and something else that I had forgotten by now (I don't know if it's due to the wine or old age, haha), it also came with stone-ground mustard, house-made pickles,  and pickled watermelon (different and delicious!)I had a great experience here. Atmosphere was sometimes loud then sometimes a little quieter, but remained a constant energized and happy ambiance. There were tables of families, dates, friends, groups; variety of people. Would definitely come here again. I want to try the escargot!As I found common in NOLA, no veg options on the menu, but they were so happy to accommodate.  Luke had tons of different (and delicious sounding) sides, and our server asked if I'd like the chef to incorporate any of them into the dish.  Feeling adventurous, I asked to just be surprised.  I did the right thing, because I never would have come up with what I received by looking over the menu.  My entree - lightly roasted vegetables over perfectly seasoned spetzel(!).  Beets, turnips, green beans, asparagus, and tomatoes on top.  My meat eating dinner companions raved about their picks, though I was too awe struck by my own meal to remember what they ordered.  Desert for me was the apple & currant tatin.  Best desert ever.  Please feed me this for desert with my last meal on this planet.  The strawberry shortcake (assumedly seasonal with local berries, and not on the menu) and chocolate-filled puff pastries also received much accolade.  Service here was great.  No eyes batted at a split check request.  Very helpful servers with our special requests and any and all inquiries about the menu.I like Luke...ok, I really like Luke, and they have a top 5 happy hour in Nola for sure.  I've maybe had three lunches here and two or three dinners, and despite not being wild about cajun inspired cuisine, I find this place to have plenty of inspiration and more than enough technique to crank out a great meal.  The cochon-de-lait i had at lunchtime about a year ago might be the best one I've ever had.  The burger is definitely one of my top five in the city.  Awesome selection of oysters on the half shell and good drinks to boot.  Still, something is missing from the dinner menu.  It's not the size of the plates it's just that there doesn't seem to be anything that I want to just jump out and order, or anything that I am dying to order every time I go there.  I think if I order oysters then I can order an entree have satisfied taste buds, otherwise I don't think the main courses have enough variety even when they have big flavor.  Don't get me wrong, I think the food and service are outstanding, and I really do like the atmosphere.  I'll be here many times more...there's just kind of an "err" about the main courses' feel to me that seems to persist.The food is pretty good but it doesn't match my image of what a John Besh joint should be like. Great local classics like gumbo, oysters and boudin noir (blood sausage)...you can also get a nice serving of mussels with fries or a good hamburger. They have a $ 0.50)/ea oyster happy hour from 3 to 6 pm. The service is mediocre to bad by any standards and he reason I rate this place three stars instead of four.A quick trip to NOLA means going to a John Besh restaurant, right?  Yessireee!  Went between lunch and dinner on a Friday so we got really great, personal service and didn't feel rushed.  Started with oysters (mmmhmmm) then gumbo (sweet elixer) then moules et frites for me and shrimp and grits for FB.  I totally ended up with entree envy.  The moules were great, but poorly chosen, you can get good mussels anywhere.  The shrimp and crab and grits and sauce were heavenly and quite possibly the highlight of the entire trip.Nice, classy casual atmosphere, as the site describes.  The perfect way to spend a hot afternoon in NOLA.It pays to have friends who are chefs. Even better is marrying a chef who has chef friends, which I managed to do in March. Lucky us, one thoughtful chef friend gave us a gift card as a wedding gift to any of John Besh's restaurants, 3 of which are in New Orleans, where we honeymooned.We chose to go to Lüke, because it seemed the most "us". The restaurant is lovely inside, and feels intimate because there are several rooms, even though the space is quite large when you combine all the spaces. We were led back to the room near the kitchen, which might annoy some people, but for us, being able to look through a large plate glass window at the goings-on was added entertainment.I'll give you the rundown of what we ordered.Charcuterie plateA symphony of pork, rabbit and other delicious things. Paté, head cheese, fois gras terrine, house-pickled watermelon rind and other pickles, stone ground mustard and plenty of toasts.Crabmeat saladMostly crab, served on greens, very lightly dressed. Sweetest crab I've ever eaten. Seriously.Fried Oyster and bacon salad with buttermilk dressingYes, there's lettuce, but the giant chunks of bacon and the most succulent fried oysters I've ever eaten sit atop this lettuce, and they don't skimp.Mussels and frietes I think this was like, 2 pounds of mussels in the best broth I've ever had. The fries were good but I enjoyed dunking the crusty bread that came with the salad and the waitress happily brought more. I think the kitchen staff was sort of amazed watching me eat ALL of this, and I am still not quite sure how I did it either. But I really like mussels.The Lüke BurgerThis thing was huge, the bacon on it was amazing, and husband enjoyed finishing it back at the townhouse as a latenight snack.The service here was amazing. Our waitress was so friendly, patient and answered all our questions thoroughly. We could see the amazing efficiency and care in the kitchen, and the sommelier visited with tables and made suggestions clearly loves his job. It was a very lovely meal, and even without the gift card, would have been worth every penny -- though honestly I think this is a very affordable and accessible dining experience even for those who don't think they like fine dining. I think it's no accident Lüke is located in the financial district. I am sure they get lots of business people in there for lunch and dinner.This will definitely remain one of the most memorable meals of our honeymoon in New Orleans, and I hope to go back someday!Fancy food for the average joe. 50 cent Gulf oysters from 3-6.Matzo ball soup was not bad and the crawfish bisque was okay.Brats were delicious, (though I will always prefer them grilled).Happy Hour is why I come.We sat. And we sat. And continued to sit..... for our server who was for a lack of a better term, acting as if she was mentally challenged.  She wasn't seen serving any other tables, but I was willing to give the benefit of the doubt. Our story unfolds,   the wine I selected was unavailable, and the 2nd choice was warm.    The food-muscles were delightful, but the bread options were lacking.  I do not need a Susan Spicer artisian bread for muscle  gravy run-off.  I need a plain white french.  Co-author had the burger, and although enjoyed it- didn't warrant the 17 dollar price tag.  Fries were good.   We didn't stay for dessert.  Server was a wall flower who didn't "wow" us, didn't "sell" me,  and wouldn't care if we came back.   Too bad, I would have liked to.  I would have liked to come back and get served by someone who had passion for the food he/she was serving, and we would have gladly dropped more dime.Props to the hostess for quick seating, and for standing in front of the flaccid and wilting floral arrangement at the door.  Sorry, I still noticed it.  Also, thank you for all the paper menus to go, I like to keep them.Delicious, lovely ambience especially the European-looking single-stripe careworn hand towel instead of a napkin, but I have to say everything was heavy with oil and butter. That's how German food is, of course. The Saturday special - spaetzle (dough drizzled into boiling water then pan fried) was oh-so-delicious with a tangy hint of citrus that complimented the battered veal well. My next meal, the catfish, was delicious but again too heavy with oil. Overall a nice experience and worth the price.[ Visited in October, 2010 ]Lüke's is really a great place to have dinner with that special person, or with 7 other friends. The waitstaff is very attentive, food is EXCELLENT, and the environment is just romantic enough to impress that special person....should you need to (don't worry, they'll be impressed more with your excellent choice of cuisine). Check out the shrimp and grits because you cannot imagine how fantastic it is until that first fork of greatness enters your mouth.Walk over to the Central Business District and go to Lüke's...it's worth it.Went for brunch on a Saturday. They offered us the "breakfast" menu-about 3 things on that menu. Ok-maybe 5, but certainly no more than 5. The couple that sat next to us 3 minutes after we ordered received an "expanded" brunch menu. Annoying. I ordered an omlet with crab, and my husband ordered eggs and meat. The coffee was delish-but they didn't give us hot milk as with the first. The eggs were cold. I mean COLD. The fries that came with my omlet were well seasoned but COLD. Everything was cold. And the final bill for two breakfasts with coffee and nothing more-$48. Extremely disappointed.We enjoyed a very good meal with friendly people and a knowledgeable, helpful waiter. The bisque was good. Lana's ribeye steak was very good. My thick chunk of pork (cochon) was moist and falling apart, sitting atop a bed of spinach which sat, in turn, on a corn-bread base. The dish was smothered in a raspberry-dijon sauce. It was very good to excellent. The waiter suggested a Bourdeaux which was reasonably priced and complimented both entrees. The banana cream puffs were very good. In sum, the food was very good and very consistent. In addition, three other customers sitting apart from each other but near us engaged us in pleasant dinner conversations.One note: I see that Luke is rated $$. That price range probably applies to lunch or perhaps to appetizers and a drink. Our dinner with tip was well over $100.00 and well worth it.I wanted to like Luke more, but my two visits here have led me to only 3 very generous stars.   First visit here a year or so ago we were seated towards the back by a bust stand and stared at dirty dishes all night long.  This was so distracting I can't even remember if what I ate tasted any good.  It must have been decent since I didn't just leave mid meal.  I complained to the manager who had the dishes removed but within a minute there were dishes piled up on the stand again. Second visit we had the seafood tower for two and it was a huge disappointment.  I'm tempted to try Luke again because of all the great reviews but not sure if I will.I had come to New Orleans with few ambitions.  However, one of them was to eat at a Besh owned restaurant.  A group from the conference I attended wanted to have something other than jambalaya.  We settled on Luke because the menu had lots of homey options like steak frittes and roasted chicken.  I started off with a cup of the crab and corn bisque.  It was tasty had had a sharp kick that I enjoyed.  I also ordered the duck.  The huge entree consisted of half a duck and lots of hash brown-like potatoes.  The duck was completely rendered of fat and not at all gamey (which is sad for me because I actually like the pungency of duck).  I did steal a couple of frittes from my colleague's plate and they were okay.  I ended the evening with the gateau.  Delicious.  It was probably my favorite thing I ate all week in Nola.  The cake was dense, rich and wonderful.  The brown butter sauce with sauteed quince was perfect.  I could have done without the tangy whipped marscapone but I understood that it cut nicely into the richness of the dish.  Why only three stars then, you ask?  There were more than a couple of misteps in the service.   While our server could not have been nicer she seemed to mix things up like setting down juice glasses instead of wine glasses and serving freezing cold frittes.A John Besh Bistro. Very high quality ingredients, expertly executed at reasonable prices.I'd recommend the boudin noir, country pate, rabbit and duck liver pate, Luke salad, beet salad, and, of course, P&J oysters. I didn't care for the hard croutons the rabbit pate was served with though.One of the best values in New Orleans is Happy Hour at Luke from 4 to 6. It's hard to beat $5 martinis and $3 a dozen for gulf oysters.Although we were seated without a reservation on Christmas night, generally for dinner I'd recommend a reservation if you want to be seated at a table. The bar is first come, first served. Service is pleasant enough.I loved my time at Luke's - excellent food and bar in a casual setting.I didn't ever have a full meal here but cocktails, wine, 50cent oyster happy hours, and small plates several times during my stay as a warm up for my next lunch or dinner meal. I loved the charcuterie plate - especially the accoutrements (mushrooms) -  the Louisiana rabbit and duck liver pate is some of the best I've ever had in the states (New York dining included) and after pestering the bar, found out that you can pay an extra $5 and take this home/togo (will someone ship me some more?). I would love to see more options for the wine list and I'll reserve a 5 star ratting until I have a full meal here.  Enjoy.I really wanted to like this place...from all the write ups, I was definitely expecting to.But I wonder if everyone was at a different restaurant?Our service was slow, slow, slow. I realize that there is a slower pace here in the South, and that's fantastic, but this was unacceptable. And our server made it known several times over that he wasn't from here. It took about 20 minutes for us to get an order in -- any order. The server was nice enough to stop by and tell us he'd be right back, but that only goes so far when he would only take food orders and not drink orders. So he takes the food order (in a really weird order, and couldn't be interrupted or asked any questions) , does not allow us to order drinks...puts the food order in then comes back about 15 minutes later to get drink orders. This was the service all evening. The server was nice, sure, but it took FOREVER. It wasn't even crowded...perhaps it was an off night, or others had called in sick, but based on my experience, I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.My burger was ok, though kind of cold; none of my other dinner companions raved about their dishes...unfortunate, really. In a food mecca like NOLA, I would have rather spent my money elsewhere.Luke is a no-lose kind of restaurant.  The menu has a variety of options so that your vegetarian, seafoodie, and meatlover friends can all enjoy a great meal. The atmosphere is nice but casual.  You can play it up to be a nice date, or dress it down to a jeans and blouse brunch.  No Budweisers or Miller Lites here, the beers are brewed at the restaurant, which I think is a nice distinction from other NOLA restaurants.  Our waiter was very accommodating and brought us sampler glasses of beers for us to choose from.I love this wine list, mostly because there are 2 Gamay options (a beuajolais, lighter and tarter than a pinot noir).  The list is extensive and the prices range from affordable to business-expense only.  The many options reflect the diverse menu.I have eaten at Luke a few times and have never been disappointed.  I appreciate that all John Besh restaurants use local purveyors, so you know your food is fresh and helping Louisiana farmers and fisherman.  The poulet was the most perfectly cooked chicken I have ever had.  The crab bisque was not too heavy to enjoy the rest of my meal.  Oysters served on the half-shell are always a safe bet.  The shrimp and grits was good, but I would have liked a bigger portion with more of the stew.  The pork sandwich was probably the only mediocre dish I had.My only wish is that, like other NOLA restaurants, the weekday lunch menu would be offered during brunch. Otherwise, Luke is consistently a palette and appetite pleaser that won't break the bank.Pretty good food, on the French bistro side of things. Went for dinner, packed on a Monday night. We were seated all the way in the back with a view of the kitchenThe choucroute plate was great, with a huge but tender smoked pork shank, boudin, squares of crispy/melty pork belly, and house made sauerkraut all nestled in a cast iron serving pan. GF had the special, fried pork loin with grits and greens that was tasty but pretty ordinary. Took a WHILE for entrees to arrive, but we left stuffed.The food was are you kidding me fantastic. The service was meh.  In my weekend in New Orleans I hit up Luke twice, and would have gone back more if I could. Day 1 was the crouqe madame, and was so tasty and perfect.  Day 2, I went with Allan Benton bacon on my mind, and settled on a Luke Burger at 10am - what a fantastic choice. The burger was sheer perfection, everything in the right proportion and complimentary. My only regret is I did not have more space/time to try more food, everything on the menu and dishes around me gave me bouts of food envy.Ok, the service was a bit weak. I sat at the bar both times, and ended up having to get my own silver and condiments both times. Drinks took a while to refill and the bartender while well versed in the booze was not well read on the menu.  If it is food alone 5++++ stars. With the service gotta take one away.A culinary tour de creole! I stayed at the Hilton for a business meeting in New Orleans and my associate made a reservation at Lüke raving about the place. Naturally, I was skeptical. The restaurant is on the ground floor of the Hilton in St. Charles St. in downtown "Nawlins'," as it's called. I'm from Ohio -- so, needless to say, I was on the search for some great creole and cajun food.It was fantastic!!! We had a small group, so we started with the cold seafood platter with oysters, clams, crab, shrimp, and mussels; and an assortment of pate, cheese and bread. WOW. Obviously the fresh oysters were fresh from the gulf -- you could taste it! The texture was light and ever-so-slightly salty. The other seafood was okay, so if I had to choose again, I'd just get more oysters. Great cold seafood bar! The rabbit pate was pretty good too, so be adventurous and try a few different items!I had recently made Shrimp and Grits at home, therefore decided to see what they actually tasted like in New Orleans. Not bad - mine were better. I think it's mostly because I liked my grits a little creamier. Theirs were lumpy and slightly dry. The shrimp were perfectly cooked and seasoned with what tasted like a little blackened seasoning. I prefer a more tomato and garlic approach. Nonetheless, they were still tasty and delicious.Again, since I was jonesin' for some cajun food, I had a cup of seafood gumbo as a side. Whoooowheeee, awesome!  It was very flavorful and had a decent amount of seafood. The bowl was completely empty... The service was impeccable on the Monday night I visited. The server was attentive and very helpful with recommendations. I recommend you sit in the back of the place near the kitchen, which is enclosed on 3 sides by glass, so you can see all the action! Charming ambiance that makes it appropriate for a dinner for two or a business dinner as well.We came late on a Saturday and was promptly served, even though the restaurant was busy. We started with the flamenkuche, mostly because I make it myself often and wanted to compare against a professional chef's version. They put it on a very thin crust and load it with cheese, deliciously sweet caramelized onions and huge chunks of bacon. I wasn't a fan of how the bacon was cut- I prefer my bacon diced smaller and spread out more. But I did love the onions. I had the etoufee and it was delicious- love the tasty sauce and the shrimp was cooked just right. I cleaned the bowl, sapping up every bit of that sauce with bread. I think I would prefer it on rice vs penne, but it was fine. My husband got the cheesiest croque madame I've ever seen, with a runny egg and lots of ham. Not a fan of the oily thin fries though. All in all, good solid meal at a decent price.My friends and I were visiting Nola for the first time and decided to yelp a restaurant close by to our hotel. This place had pretty good ratings so we decided to give it a try. We were on a laid back vacation, we were all dressed quite casual. This may or may not have been the reasoning behind our effortless service. We could tell we were being judged as a group of young kids pretending to be grown ups. Where was the southern hospitality? Not found here, at our table at least. I ordered the shrimp and grits, which was said to be a favorite, and I was extremely disappointed. It was SO salty, I was only able to take a few bites and had to stop eating. I really regret not sending it back but the service made me feel uncomfortable. So I basically paid $26 for a couple bites of sodium enhanced grits. Taste aside, the portion was also saddening. You get a little scoop of grits covered in too much sauce. While taking our orders, the waiter asked us if we wanted soup or salad. Where I'm from, this signifies that it comes with the order. But not here. So each of us ordered a side and got charged $5 for it without even meaning to. Almost everyone else at my table had ordered a burger, which they seemed to enjoy very much. It came with fries which also seemed to have endured a heavy hand on the salt. Their large burgers with fries were much cheaper than my tiny plate of shrimp and grits. So to round it all up, my personal experience consisted of bad service and unsatisfying food. The atmosphere was nice though. I'm sure the other costumers who dressed a little nicer and knew what to order had a better time than I did.Made my 2nd trip to Luke today. I came a year ago for dinner. That was a great meal with a really yummy sazerac. Today I went for breakfast. Service was great. My coffee cup never got low! I had "Eggs in a Jar". It was a breakfast version of Shrimp and Grits: poached eggs, fried shrimp and jalapeño cheese grits. Yummy and so, so rich. Diet starts next week. This week I am in New Orleans. (Best food in America)Luke, like all John Besh restaurants, is amazing.  Go for happy hour and stay for dinner.  Mussels and frites are highly recommended.  Great drink selection and cocktails!A great place away from all the noise, waitstaff friendly, prices a bit high but well worth it. A very classy spot. I love how they are open until 11pm.I came here during happy hour and found a seat at the bar. The bartender was attentive and friendly. Service was quick here. Oysters were 50 cents a piece during happy hour. I ended up eating a dozen. I also had a cup of seafood gumbo and their Sunday special veal as well as a few of the Tin Roof beers. They have a different special for every day of the week. The gumbo was decent. The veal was very delicious and the presentation was good as it came out in a metal dish. All in all, between the great food and service, I would definitely come here again and recommend others to come here for a delicious meal!Hands down to the 50cents oysters for happy hour!! They were clean and fresh. Love it. The whole dinner experience was delightful. The jagersnitzel was very good with generous portions. The shrimps and grits were ok, a bit salty for me. The luke salad is good but it's sooooo plain and simple. The gumbo is one of the best I've had so far in LA. Drinks are not as strong. It's happy hour, I kind of expected that. Overattentive service. If you like the attention, this is the place for you.Since my cousin was in need of someone to talk to, he called me and suggested meeting for dinner at Luke.  I balked much because I had alot to do for school but the guilt in me wouldnt let me turn this invitation down.To listen to my cousin complain about work and to eat great food.The restaurant is attached to the Hilton and so really there is no seperate parking lot.  As it is located in the Central Business District, parking off-street and paying by meter is one option or you can park at many of the pay by the hour parking lots in the area and walk over.The place reminds me a bit about the Palace Cafe.  The no-fuss design of the bar, the tables and chairs.  It was all very country French bistro.At any rate, I got there first and was told to wait by the bar for the other person, so I went and sat in front of the guy adjacent to the bar---the oyster shucker guy.He had his own thing going own.  I asked him what it was that he had going on down below the bar.  I leaned across the bar to look and saw 6 compartments he was keeping fresh ice around.Lobster tails, spiny lobster crab legs, squid, mussels, clams and lemons.  I ordered a gin and tonic and chatted up with the oyster shucker.  Pretty soon, he hooked me up with 4 different oysters---Hootenanny, Malbec, P&G, and some Canadian oysters --cant remember the name (it was french that much I do recall.)All good and shucker asked which was my fave.  My reply was the Washington State Hootenanny.  Good stuff.By that time, my cousin came and so we were seated.I had the Baked Oysters with bacon.  It was ok.  The Matzo ball and chicken soup was great.  The fried oyster sald with apple bacon reminded me of Palace Cafe.All goodMy cousin had a prix fixe meal.  For only 21 bucks, he had his choice of soup, an entree, and a dessert.  Cannot beat that.  His blanquette of veal was wonderful.  Cooked down, it was so tender, you dont even need a knife to cut anything--the pieces break off so easily.  It was wonderful.  Im going to have to get that next time, but only on Thursday night for dinner.Here is a link to their menus:lukeneworleans.com/menus…The service was good and I had to warn my cousin to keep his mouth shut or else I would never go to another restaurant with him again.  You see, he is a chef and so he's always so critical at other restaurants and when he's not happy, he's quick to tell the server.  At any rate, it was all great and the food was well worth the price.  I didnt feel overdressed--it ranged, but definitely no short shorts and flip-flops.Reservations are recommended.Went here the first night we were in town.  Was not expecting the casual atmosphere, but very much appreciated it as we were so beat from traveling.We had made a reservation, but it was Monday night and New Orleans seems to be sleeping in the beginning of the week and wakes up as you advance in days.We loved the Flamenkuche, which was like a flatbread with onions and bacon.  Very tasty.Very much liked the croque madame, cooked crispy and the fries were salty and plentiful.But in my opinion if you know what a Jewish matzo ball soup tastes like, then you will want to skip onto some other choice on the menu.I'd go back, but it might take awhile to go through all the other restaurants in town.Super Busy!A bit pricey!Nice Waitstaff!Ate there for dinner during the week. My girlfriend and I had the chilled shrimp from the raw bar and gumbo for our shared appetizers. The shrimp were good they had quite a meaty texture to them really hard to explain never had this before, I wonder if they were smoked or something? The gumbo was decent, definitely not the best I have ever had. I ordered the shrimp with grits for my entree and my girlfriend had a sauteed mussel dish served with frites. My meal was stellar the sauce/broth was very flavorful and I used one of her mussel shells to scoop out all the sauce from my dish. Her mussels were tasty but had them before at many other restaurants. We shared a bread pudding for dessert which was so yummy one the best I have had.Not as good as I had anticipated considering how many stars it got.Food: Some onion tarte thing with bacon & cheese, ravioli with crabmeat, rib eye, bread puddingTaste:- Onion tarte: GREASE! It seemed like after they had cooked it with the bacon & cheese, they deep fried it in oil and brought it out to us without letting the oil drip off. It was kind of tasty though...- Ravioli: Garlic butter oil sauce? I thought it was going to be creamy, but it was more oily & the portion was kind of small. The crabmeat was good.- Rib eye: I was expecting it to be a little more soft considering it's one of the more fattier steaks. I wasn't impressed.- Bread pudding: Never thought I'd be a fan, and I was right. It was too sweet for me, but the ice cream was good. My husband enjoyed it though.Value: Not really worth the price.Parking: Walked, but I think it's only valet (&10).So f'in good, I dined here three days in a row.(1 dinner, 1 lunch, 1 breakfast)The food and the caliber of talent in the kitchen speaks for itself. Great barGreat staffHonestly, I didn't think it was going to be any good.#1. It's a hotel restaurant. Uh-oh, I thought. #2 It's a celebrity chef restaurant. Usually spells trouble, but they haven't screwed it up yet. They've started cloning it all over the place though. The flammenkuche was a favorite. The other items were all specials. Here today- fleeting memories. Dessert? Yes. Save room. The room is a little hard and a little cold, but not deafening. The second dining room is a little more intimate.The bartenders here are my favorite in New Orleans.  I'm lucky enough to stay near here pretty often and I often stop for a nightcap after a long day of work.  If you are unlike me and are able to get out of work pre 7 PM, it's always half-off oysters which are usually pretty decent-sized and fresh.  Their menu is pretty heavy, but everything I have tried has been absolutely delicious.  Burger and fries were ab-so-lutely heavenly!Southern brasserie in New Orleans.  When you walk in, it definitely has a feel of a brasserie but in New Orleans?  Yes, it works and delivers.  I can't keep track of all the Top Chefs and the various seasons, but this is a "Top Chef" restaurant.  It was not the TV that led the way but rather Yelp.  Besides, haven't there been like 20 seasons of Top Chef by now?  I've lost track of all of them and their various restaurants.  Top Chef or not, it beat out NOLA and Cochon as my favorite place during my visit to New Orleans, and we only went there for brunch!Like many of my New Orleans meal adventures, we ordered excessively.  To kick start the brunch, we got 1 dozen oysters and the rabbit and duck liver pate.  We could've stopped there, and I would've been happy.  I never would've dreamed of wanting to lick the canister of a pate jar, but I've discovered a new aspiration.  For my main meal I got the crab omelet.  It was served with fries and a salad.  The salad a nice, bright bundle of wild greens and the fries albeit excessive and unnecessary were a welcome addition, because I am not one to ever reject fries. The brunch only made me wishing we had gone for dinner.My girlfriend and I came here for lunch one Saturday afternoon and we split a dozen raw oysters and the Cochon de Lait sandwich, washed down with peach mimosas. It was all very good, but it wasn't happy hour! Unfortunately, we only learned about the happy hour after our meal and since we were only visiting New Orleans for a few days, its we couldn't just give another go at it. As much as we enjoyed our food, we couldn't help but feel like we could have enjoyed it a lot more during happy hour. Whenever I mention to anybody that we went to Luke in New Orleans, people ask, "Did you get the happy hour?" and I can only sullenly lower my head and utter, "no...".Without the happy hour, it just feels utterly ordinary.We went for breakfast. The food was great and the service attentive.It is away from the crowded parts of town so nice for a quiet brunch.John Besh. Marry me?Rabbit and duck live pate -- wow.Moules et frites -- wow.50 cent oysters @ happy hour ---wow.Half off sidecars and other cocktails @ happy hour --wow.I've been wowed. Why didn't we go here every night of our NOLA stay?1. Surprised this is attached to a Hilton2. Space is small3. Food seemed salty4. Wine list all EuroStarted w/ French 75 Cocktail. No mention of sugar on menu (cognac, lemon juice, champagne) but sweet. Had the Salad with Oyster, split for two. Lots of Oysters for a split. Shared Burger and Cassoulet. Burger was ok, did not like the small wooded cutting board as a serving plate. Awkward. Fries in Mint Julip cup were fine but salty.Speaking of salt, Cassoulet was very, did not like the Garlic Sausage or the beans with Panko on top. Server was nice. Prices decent.Service was slow and absent and the heat was high. Summer in the Big Easy. However, 50 cent raw oysters and happy hour bar prices made up for it.The home brews here are tasty and well thought out and the smoked pork shank w/ sauerkraut plate would have made any German and Cajun mother rejoice with thanksgiving.I'd like to go back and try more, but so far so good.Heard about the happy hour oysters. So I thought, we can't miss that!The hostess and pretty much everyone but one of the staff (a young man who cleans our table) seemed to have something hooked their noses up, or have some restraint air to them.  Hm.. is it because we were wearing our hoodies when we walked in (it was really windy and really cold that evening!) and we were wearing casual wear?  But looking around, this is not a dress up kinda place. People came in jeans, Tshirts, casual, yeah some in their working shirts. But still, this is a tourists place. You gotta be ready to serve with a smile. Whatever.  We came for the happy hour. And thank goodness for that. Or else I probably won't come here at all (or anymore for that matter).Oysters are fresh but tiny.  The trumpeted home fries are, well, regular french fries. You can get much better one from In-n-Out.   Crab and corn soup is good but nothing screams special.  Wine is good, but come in a short glass typically use to serve your table water (??? WTF ???)  I almost thought it was a mistake!  I didn't say anything.  I think it was a poor presentation.  Luke's is good, but not great.  A typical joint, expensive and positioned themselves as an exclusive restaurant, but take out the fancy price it would be a=just another seafood and bar.What a delicious surprise! Went here twice while I was in New Orleans. Just really yummy.Luke Burger - One of the best burgers I've had ever.  Medium rare is the way to go.Fries -  GoodLoud, casual...food is good.This restaurant was pretty good. My date and I tried one of John Besh's other restaurants, August Restaurant, and loved it so we figured that Lüke would be great too. We had reservations at 8pm and was seated right away in the back part of the restaurant. Our server was helpful with the menu and very attentive. My date noticed particles floating around in the water glass the server was pouring from and notified him. The server replaced it right away. We shared the Terrine of Slow Cooked Foie Gras, which came with bread croutons. My date thought that the portion was really tiny (about 2 x 3 x 0.5 in), but it was plenty enough for the both of us. The bread croutons were fried, so they were soaked in oil... We tried it with the foie gras and all we could taste was the oil... so we told our server about this problem and he exchanged our fried bread croutons for toasted ones, which was MUCH better. We could taste the foie gras, which was light and creamy. There was a little bit of gelatin on the side that was for sweetening up the taste. The flavor is so rich and filling! We both enjoyed the foie gras very much, delicious! I ordered the Jägerschnitzel. It was okay, very light in flavor. I really enjoyed the taste of the panéed veal cutlet, very crunchy and mildly flavorful. However, I wished the spätzel (egg noodle type pasta) was more moist. It was rather dry, and I didn't taste much of the bacon mushroom sauce. The portion was huge though! I had to box up a quarter of it.My date ordered the Jumbo Louisiana Shrimp "En Cocotte" and we read reviews about this dish being rather salty. Yes, a bit too much salt. The grits were really creamy and flavorful, and the shrimp tasted scrumptious! His dish had way more flavor in comparison to mine. I dipped my spätzel in his dish's sauce and it taste WAY better. However, my date said that after eating most of his dish, he was tired of eating it because it was too much of the same thing.For dessert, we shared the Baked Chocolate Mousse. I really, really love sweets and chocolate, so this dessert really hits the spot. The chocolate wasn't too overly sweet, and the mousse was so soft and creamy. Yum!Overall, enjoyed Lüke, but not as much as August. There was a slight mishap with our food here. My date found a piece of blue crab in his dish and I found some sort of pork piece in my dish... My date was concerned about how the cooks in the back handled the food. He wondered, "what if I were allergic to crab?? Then what??" But he really didn't mind finding the piece of crab in his dish, it just shouldn't happen at a restaurant that's supposedly high-quality. Anyways, yummy food and would come back again!This is me and my wife's top 5 restaurants. Service is always great. Food is really good. Atmosphere is tight and cramped toward the end of the week.. And I kind of like it that way.we came here 3 times in less than 20 hours. once for dessert, then breakfast, and finally happy hour/late lunch.happy hour = 50 cent gulf oysters!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! =Dbreakfast = HAVE TO GET THE EGGS IN A JAR!! the pain perdu was meh......i wish i got something else.dessert = everything. yum. get it. we shared: Brendan's bread pudding, gâteau basque, steamed chocolate, and dark chocolate bavaroisWE LOVED THE SERVERS!! they're all super friendly and nice.I went to Luke with fairly high expectations.  The food was actually very good, but, the atmosphere was far from what I was expecting.  I had heard Luke had a nice Charcuterie dish and it was fantastic.  However, the atmosphere made my wife and I feel like we were eating at a diner .  There were plenty of people at the restaurant, and again, the food was outstanding, it was just all in the presentation of the feel of the restaurant.  I would give the food a 5 star, but, the restaurant only a 3 overall due to the atmosphere of the place.  If you are looking for high end food with a very casual atmosphere, this is the place!We went here for brunch before the parades while visiting New Orleans Feb. 2014. We didn't have a reservation, but they did seat us. It is loud and was very cold. My husband decided to order the hamburger. It was a $16 hamburger, so he thought it should be spectacular. He said it was just okay. I decided on the steak. I ordered it medium. First time they brought it out, it could moo. I asked to have it recooked. When it was brought back, it was tough and flavorless. I have to say the fries were great and the weight staff was wonderful. But I would definitely not go back there.they love salt in New Orleans.  another restaurant where the flavor was good but overly salty.  plus a place like this should have fresh fries but ours came out cold soggy.  so tried the famous shrimp and grits, rich heavy sauce, nice sausage but too salty.  also shared the seafood platter medium which had a nice assortment of crabs (2 types), clam, oysters (weren't sandy), mussels.This place rocks! The burgers/sandwiches/steak/french fries, everything is yummy. I know New Orleans has so much to offer in terms of dining, but Luke always seems to pop up in the itinerary when I go..Excellent food, service and atmosphereYes it is pricey but the service and food here is IMMACULATE. On every visit to NOLA I have to have Lüke's Louisiana shrimp and grits. Very small portion (seems to get smaller each year) but they do not skimp on the flavor. This dish is seriously made with love: cheese grits made to perfection, large, juicy perfectly flavored shrimp, roumalade is out of this world. I do not eat red meats, so I remove the andouille from the dish. Pricey but so VERY worth it. Champagne au peche is a must have as well. It gets pretty busy around lunch time so go for breakfast if you can. From the hostess to the server to management, you will be treated like royalty. Easily 5 stars.Went for the Happy hour after friends had highly recommended Luke. We were in town for a cruise so we flew in a couple days early. From the airport after flying for 14 hours we checked into our hotel and then bee lined it to Luke before happy hour finished. The bar was packed, but luckily a table for 2 opened up and we were seated with 45 min left. We started with 1 doz baked, 2 doz raw oysters, and a couple glasses of champagne. Baked arrived first and my wife was in heaven (she doesn't care for the raw ones) next the raw, these are plump  med. size gulf oysters, fresh as can be, simply wonderful !! We were going to order a bottle of the same champagne at the same time as I was ordering another 2 doz raw, but our waiter informed us that it was cheaper to order by the glass during happy hour. With 15 min left I got a call from my 82 y/o mother who had also just arrived in town with her 3 friends. I asked if she wanted some oysters and of course she said yes. Our waiter was great, after informing him that we needed  another 4 doz  raw for my mom and her friends he cleared a table next to us even though happy hour was almost over. All of us had a great time, the service, food, drinks, and atmosphere was as advertised and then some. The next day my wife and I decided to go back and we were seated at the same table. The manager recognized us and came over to chat, commenting that he had just seen us at the same table 23 hrs ago. NOLA has a lot of great restaurants and happy hours  to choose from and we think Luke  should definitely be high on your list to experience.Excellent food! Highly recommend.First time trying Raw Oysters and they were very fresh and tasty. They have great drinks and a cool Happy Hour daily!This was our first meal in NOLA. I wanted to try out a Besh restaurant, and this one was the closest. The overall experience was great. I had the crawfish bisque that was absolutely delicious. There were even bits of seafood in it, which you don't usually find. I had the Amberjack special, which was a nice chunk of thick fish covered in a crawfish sauce. Needless to say it was delish. We had two waiters so we never had an empty glass of anything. Definitely a must try.An amazing experience!  Our waiter Carl recommended we try the pork shank and the shrimp and grits.  They were amazing and we are so glad we listened.  The pork shank was tender and the grits were the fluffiest i have ever had.  He was very knowledgable about all of the food and really made our dining experience enjoyable.The next time I step foot in New Orleans, I will most definitely be here.  We stumbled into this place looking for a good lunch place close to our hotel and we are so glad that we did.  We came in a party of 12 so we ordered almost everything on the menu.  I had the foie gras, liver pate, head cheese, and onion tart appetizers and it was very well prepared.  Actually, everything we had was very well prepared.  They don't kid around in this place about what they bring out because everybody down the length of the table had immaculate presentations of very good food that afternoon.  For entrees, I tried the hamburger, red snapper, crab sandwich, veal, and shrimp and grits.  The stand out would have to be the red snapper and crab sandwich.  The place is a bit pricey but the splurge is totally worth the quality of the food.  I didn't really notice the wait service too much, which I don't mind in a dining experience because that usually means that they did all they were suppose to do and stayed out of your hair.I went to Luke for lunch yesterday - as usual, they have the best fries in town... Service was excellent and food was good. I had the croque monsieur... lotta meat and cream. It was a bit heavy for lunch so I only ate half. For those of you who love John Besh, you'll love this restaurant. I highly recommend. I work downtown and have only been for lunch. I'll have to try it for dinner one of these days!For all those who watch Food Network, we all know that John Besh should have been the next Iron Chef...Thank you John Besh!  If not for Luke, I would have left New Orleans extremely disappointed.  Luke (sorry, no umlaut hot key) was simply great.  We ate there twice and left both times wowed by the food.  The boudin noir was awesome, pommes frites perfectly prepared, and the Luke Burger magnificent.  I could go on, but I will not bore you with the details of just how good our meals were.However...For all you yelpers that like an awesome hamburger, then you must try Luke's.  I was amazed and know for a fact that you will be as well.  Besh has hit the right combination with his use of Emmenthaler, bacon, and caramelized onions.  This hamburger is so good that the use of mustard, ketchup, or mayonnaise seems sacrilegious.  Funny, but the best thing you can eat in New Orleans is not gumbo, etc., but the burger at Luke's...Wow. So disappointed as it was the first John Besh restaurant I tried and it didn't meet any of my expectations at all.None of the food was memorable, in fact, some of it was simply bad. The frites came out cold and instead of replacing them they tried to re-fry them into brown sticks of starch - ugh.The bartender didn't know how to serve pastis - in a French Brasserie?Food was cold or delayed. The server forgot drinks. And, nothing tasted great. Sadly, there are too many other good restaurants in NOLA I would try again before here. Damn, I really like John Besh, too.So this review is for the happy hour only - as my group did not eat dinner, but just enjoyed the happy hour specials - ie 25c Oysters!!! that's right a dozen for 3 bucks in an old bistro type setting.  This deal is every day between 3-6, drinks are half off  (wow looks like according to another review they've upped their prices due to the Oil Spill, I was there just as the spill happened).  Definitely give the house made beer a try it won't disappoint.  Overall its hard to get a better happy hour deal than this from a pretty classy spot.Casual elegance, good service, great food, well worth it if you are in the area, although a bit pricy.While our waitress was a little uninteresting, the rest of the wait staff was great and polite with the classic hospitality I would expect from any well mannered individual.We had the local oysters and they were great! Support local food and forget that imported or flown in stuff. We shared a Flammekuche was a definite new food for me and it was fantastic. We also had a burger and ravioli and both were great. I didn't find the burger overcooked for my medium and it tasted great, not amazingly wonderful but it was a good burger.The bread pudding in its own little cast iron pot was crispy top with fantastic vanilla ice cream. I used to hate bread pudding but I thought I would give it a shot and I love it!I will definitely come back the next time I am in NOLA and have a good time.Went here on Thanksgiving, when I was not able to get a reservation at August.  I enjoyed my experience, but was not thrilled.  I liked the concept, German/French brasserie.  The food was comforting, and comfortably good, but not inspiring.  I ordered the shrimp farci, which disappointingly, was flash friend.  My companion had the shrimp and grits, which he enjoyed, and I'm told is one of their signature dishes.This place was recommended so we decided to stop by. It wasn't busy so we got a table right away. We got the seafood gumbo and the shrimp with grits.  Overall good dishes. The gumbo was not the best I've had but it was pretty good.  The shrimp with grits was really good. My mother told me she had to force herself not to lick the bowl.Friendly wait-staff and overall good dining experience.Fifty cent oysters during happy hour!!!Prices and food are really goodService was mostly good, a little absent sometimes.I would have given this place 5 stars BUT it was a incredibly slow service.  It didn't help that our party was flying out of New Orleans that day and we were in a time crunch.Sunday for happy hour.  1 dollar oysters.  Juicy and Plump.  Oysters were great.  Had about a dozen, I assume this was why it was slow because our hot food came before the oysters.  The gumbo was awesome.  The best I've ever had and the crunchy rice on top was awesome.My girlfriend and I shared the burger which was really good.  But the rest of the food at our table was awesome.  Fried chicken and the pressed sandwich were amazing.  Just really really good.  No other way to describe it.Every bit as good as August The rillete is the best I have ever had.My parents decided it was due time for a reunion, and so for Christmas 2011 we made plans to meet in in New Orleans because of the following:1. Warmer weather than the Midwest2. Lots of birds and wildlife3. Good seafood. We went to Luke for Christmas evening dinner, this was one of more pricier fix prixe options of ~$55.  While the food and atmosphere were mostly good, I've had just as good/better for a better price.  Our seating was by the door of the 2nd back room, it was slightly uncomfortable as there was alot of movement with other patrons and wait staff walking by.I opted the fixe prixe meal of beef daube, crab bisque, pork roast and some sort of  sweet potato desert. We also ordered another fixe prixe dinner of, pasta with shrimp, fresh gulf fish (drum), and half dozen of the oysters and jumbo shrimp. I barely sampled the other dishes (prime rib was deliciously bloody, and house-made pasta was wonderful). According to the rest of my family the jumbo shrimp were tender, but one of the oysters were off, which ruined the remaining ones.Great atmosphere and the happy hour some of the best value for money.Personally I am a small oyster fan...(Hate complaining that most oysters were way bigger than my taste) but then again - it was still fantastic.!!The food was fair, wait staff nice but service was poor and it is quite expensive.$5.75 for a Shiner or $8.5 for a Stella Artois... WHAT? That is not a good beginning in a restaurant when you see the menu. Finally, I order a coke, and the small one was $3 (no refill). About the food, I need to say that was one of the best gumbo I've never had. I also try a kind of big sandwich with smoke ham, that was just good, and shrimps and grits, so-so. I really liked the decoration of the place, but the service wasn't that good. We needed to wait for a while for our meal. Overall, kind of disappointed.OMG, everything I had was amazing! Service was good, a little on the slow side but server was entertaining!! I had the court-bouillon and it was OMG good!! I also had the special selection oysters and they were amazing!!! They had blue points which is one of my favs!!!! The hubby got the burger and he said it was in his top 3 BEST burgers!! And the man LOVES his burgers!!!!! Oh and the crawfish bisque is pretty freakin' good as well!! I'm still high from happiness so excuse my exclamation marks!First of all, my experience at Luke was just perfect. In my opinion, Luke is the best of Besh. It was my last night there while on a business trip so, I sat at the bar. The real benefit of sitting at the bar of a wonderful restaurant like Luke is informative conversations with the bartender is possible. They work there and have had everything on the menu several times. I stuck with the hors d'oeuvres (p&j oysters, crawfish boudin, gumbo, salad and a few raw oysters), Every dish was just delightful and forever memorable. Luke is a mandatory go-back for me.Went here for brunch while on vacation, and it was so delicious. I had the crab omelet. It was light and fluffy and came with a salad that had a sweet dressing on it. My boyfriend had the yogurt, which he enjoyed. His also came with toast and housemade preserves, which I couldn't stop eating. I would definitely go back.Luke is a let down compared to Besh's other restaurants. The food is german diner style with seafood? I am confused. The happy hour on raw oysters is pretty good, but how hard is it to serve food you literally don't cook...We were not vey happy with the food, which was clearly overpriced and below expectations.Having a yen for some German style food, we stopped here last Saturday for lunch,and I'm sure glad we did.  The Gumbo and Crab Bisque were top notch, but the Fried Oyster Bacon and Avocado Salad was truly blessed, and the "Jagerschnitzel mit Spatzle" (the Saturday special) was out of class; that wonderful local bacon in both of the latter dishes, and the best Spatzle I've ever had; helped me forget that Berghoff's in Chicago has closed.  If this is any example of John Besh's work, I've got to get to Restaurant August next time I'm in town.  Aside from being open on Sunday, this place has extended hours for lunch, which, for us, was very helpful.NOLA has more local boosters than any city I've ever been to; we were seated next to two of them enjoying the Burger and the Pressed Sandwhich,  and advising us about the local products, including bacon, utilized by Chef Besh.   Good company and good service too.Another John Besh masterpiece!  Been there 3-4 times, and it's always a pleasure to dine there.  I usually order the ham and cheese, which is HUGE, or I get the bacon cheeseburger.  It's a bit pricey, but the local bacon (from the Northshore, I believe) is worth it.Service is usually a little slow though, which is why they get only 4 stars from me.I was really torn between 3 and 4 stars, but my boyfriend votes for 4.I give the menu 5 stars, everything on it sounds divine.  I give the food somewhere between 3 and 4 because it was well executed, but nothing really stood out as magnificent to me (and it was a little over-heavy or oddly seasoned).  Nothing was bad either.  Solid, French/German fare witha creole flare.And the service was at least 4 stars.  Attentive without being intrusive, lovely warm bread and good cocktails, good wine list.  All those little things that make a bistro more than your average american diner.  Those were done with panache.  I would come back, I would eat the redfish again (if there are any left after $#@#$@$@$# BP).  Maybe not the tart.  But the pate was very nice indeed.Superb. Everything was perfectly prepared. The bread was crusty on the outside and so fresh. Richard had one of John Besh's signature shrimp dishes. I had tender, perfectly seasoned mussels and how did they ever get the greens so smooth and smoky?Everything was perfectly prepared and the service was great, too. So glad we came here!My first time to Luke.  I was very impressed.  Staff was friendly and prompt.  The waitress we had was amazing. I had the burder which was incredible. Perfectly cooked, great flavor and delicious ingredients rounded out the taste.  I had the asparagus as well.  The people dining with me had the fries and the sautee'd veggies- All of which were delicious.  If you want a nice atmosphere, great service and well seasoned food, this is a great stop just a few blocks off canal street attached to the Hilton.  Bravo Luke!This was the shrimp and grits I have ever had.  The shirmp were cooked perfectly.  You don't find that often, they are almost always overcooked.  They have a local beer, Luke Alt, that was good.  Tried the Fru, but that wasn't my favorite.One bad piece of news, the waiter was really bad and the back room was quite loud.My friend had the bratwurst and it was pretty good too.  The bed of potatoes that the brat sat on was way yummy too.So...food great, staff bad!!!!This is a 5 star place in any town but New Orleans and it is one of my favorite places to eat in town, but I can't give it a 5 star rating due to the competition.  If I could do 4.5 I would do that.I have nothing bad to say about it.  This was my 2nd dinner there.  Good stuff.  I had the Ravioli last time and it was superb.  This time, my wife got the shrimp and grits and I got the chicken.  I ordered wrong as mine was just OK.The Shrimp and Grits were awesome.  If you are looking for something that is moderately priced with a good New Orleans feel, I recommend this place.Like I said, this would be 5 stars in any other town.Luke is my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. reasonable (Yes), Food Variety (absolutely), Get a table (Easily), Food (delicious), and Dessert (Heavenly).Affordable --- The prices are around $20sVariety -- You have Hot & Cold appetizer from Oysters to Fois grasGet a table -- We came twice Thursday and Sunday without making reservations. This restaurant splits to two larger restaurants separated by the Hilton Hotel Hall wayFood -- I was in heaven while enjoying my Duck/Rabbit Patter and Fois gras appetizers then my oysters and my mussels EntreesDessert -- Vanilla bean ice cream is the BOMB! You must order itI will miss you Luke! Cant wait to go back to New Orleanswent to Lukes three times during this recent visit to New Orleans.  Happened to stay at the Hilton right there (which is very average and passable).  But I am still thinking about the Luke burger and wish they would deliver to NYC.  The burger comes with bacon, cheese, lettuce,tomato and this bbq sauce.  I had mine medium rare and I still am thinking about it a week later.  I also really enjoyed the the jumbo Louisiana shrimp "en cocotte" which I had the next day.   The oysters were served with three different sauces - and I enjoyed the horseradish one the best.   I give Lukes five stars for the burger, the shrimp and the oysters.  My friend had the ravioli which she did not say much about.When I went to New Orleans, the Intercontinental Hotel was literally across from this restaurant. Now I'm giving it a 5 star rating because of what we got there. Now this isn't based on the other foods selections that they offer; however, I wouldn't mind going back one day to try it out. From 3-6pm there is a $0.50 cents oysters special and 1/2 off drinks!Food: We ordered 3 dozen oysters which only cost us $18 total! Yup, you heard and read right....only $18 bucks!!!! We also ordered an order of fries on the side and mint juleps which were pretty strong, but tasty! That was a pretty decent happy hour snack! Yum!!!! Ambiance: It's pretty clean and everyone there is well dressed to service you. There are tables with a bar once you walk in, but there's also a room way in the back as well. I'd have to say the tables in the front are a bit squishy if you want that extra wiggle room, I'd ask for the back room. Service: Everyone was definitely nice and friendly here. Water was refilled and they checked up on us to make sure things were ok.We went to Luke on my birthday with friends and had a great time.  They fit our 4 top in last minute as we had a change in plans.  Started out with a order of their hand cut fries and a bottle of wine as we perused the menu.  We enjoyed the rabbit and duck liver pate and thoroughly it.  It is a great portion and is served with toasted bread and a few delightful garnishes and relishes.  As for dinner I had the smoked pork shank, pork belly, and hand made bratwurst dish.  The portion was huge and the dish was executed well. My wife had the deconstructed cassoulet with duck confit and garlic sausage.  Another great portion and great flavors.  Our sever was a bit bland, yet did his job.  Luke is well worth the money for the portions and is a great place to go if you are the big portion meat and potato kind of eater.  Classic food and straight forward.This would be five stars except we were seated in the back room (probably because my daughter and son-in-law brought their baby) and boy did it smell strongly of mildew!  I was so looking forward to the cheese plate I had here several years ago, but was disappointed to find it's not carried any more.  The food and service were excellent, but be sure to ask to sit in the front room.Pearl!Only once so far have I eaten here (but will go next visit).  I actually found a pearl in an oyster here at lunch!  I saved it.  So I HAVE to give Luke 5 stars!But...... you know what, it might be worth 4 1/2 stars anyway.  Great oysters, even if there wasn't a pearl, and a pate that was really good.  I'll be back later to update review because I prefer at least two visits before reviewing a restaurant. Cin Cin!We were in New Orleans over the weekend of April 20-22 and ate at Luke that Friday, hoping to get a great introduction to New Orleans French cooking from a master chef and New Orleans institution, John Besh. Unfortunately, this place failed to live up to the expectations I had in terms of food and service. Our waiter was clearly uninterested in our table of 2 and saw us twice, once to take our food and drink order and once to drop off our check. All other interactions with staff went through runners or bus boys who dropped off drinks/food. We also went to NOLA while we were in town and John could learn a thing or two from Emeril in terms of good customer service and wait staff expectations.On to the food, we were just unimpressed. They oysters were just ok, we had far better at multiple spots in the city. While they were large, they were also muddy tasting and not firm, juicy, and plump. They gumbo was boring. The shrimp and grits were just ok.With so many great places to eat in New Orleans, we definitely won't be back.I came here solo on a Friday at 5pm. You can be seated anywhere in the restaurant to get the Happy Hour menu (ie you don't have to sit at the bar). Staff was really friendly and I had happy hour drinks (wine, cocktails and beer all half off) so I had them pour me the most expensive class of bubbly (the chardonnay champagne, $18) is REALLY good. I had a half dozen oysters (50 cents during happy hour!!) and half a dozen baked oysters. This was my first time eating baked oysters and they were SO delicious. The raw oysters were very fresh and absolutely delicious- and huge! It took courage to slurp them all down (although multiple glasses of champagne was helpful). Also, you can make a reso on open table.Probably would give 3.5 stars, but settled on 3. Best part is the price of the oysters, you can't beat 50 cent oysters during happy hour. Drinks were ok, but nothing specialThis is a go-to spot for my boyfriend and I.  You really can't go wrong with 50 cent oyster happy hour, and the oysters are huge!  We go to happy hour for oysters and drinks at least once a month, and the service is always excellent.  Drinks are strong (and half off during happy hour) and delicious.  We ate appetizers once - I believe we ordered the bacon avocado salad and the crab bisque - both were amazing, and we'll be sure to go back for dinner sometime soon.  We've gotten lucky with walking in on Friday nights, but calling for reservations would be the smartest thing to do as this place gets crowded for happy hour.The food here was absolutely fantastic. Im a big sauce person.  The sauce can make or break a dish, and let me tell you,  this restaurant didnot disappoint. The crab bisque was PHENOMENAL. For my meal, I had the jumbo louisiana shrimp en cocotte. This was also extremely delicious. From the first taste,  I knew that I had chosen correctly. The grits with cheese toasted on top,  and the sauce that drowned the dish, typed with shrimp,  made this dish a flavor explosion. I loved eveything about it. I'll be sure to visit again the next time I'm in New Orleans and try another great dish.Dined solo at Luke one night while in town for a work conference.  Ate hear after the 2013 New Orleans Oyster festival and had high hopes after reading the glowing reviews.I was not disappointed.. Not only were their cooked oysters better than anything at the festival, the rest of the entire meal was superb- my first stop on the next visit to New Orleans.Gets busy... Get a reservationTalk about not judging a book by its cover. A friend recommended Luke so I thought it would be a great place to have our first Nola meal upon arriving to the city. When we walked in, I was a little disappointed with the atmosphere-- it was very bright inside and seemed a little bland, decor wise; however, the menu definitely piqued our interests. Wow, so much amazing dishes to choose from, and the food, excellent. We ordered the escargots au gratin as an appetizer and I went with the shrimp and grits for my entree. It was the perfect amount and so very delicious. I will definitely be back!We made a reservation at 7PM on a Tuesday.  When we arrived, the restaurant was half full.  We were seated in the furthest room in the back behind a wall where we couldn't really enjoy the atmosphere of the restaurant. My expectation would have been to have a nicer table, considering we had made reservations and the restaurant wasn't very busy. Our server took 10 minutes to initially greet us (again, his section was only half seated) and took a drink and appetizer order.  We ordered baked oysters as an appetizer and signature cocktails.  The oysters were delicious (best I've had anywhere), but our cocktails didn't show up until we had eaten all of them.Then, our entrees arrived.  We had shrimp and grits, mussels, fries, and the etouffee.  Whoever dropped off our food didn't ask us if we needed anything else or offer to refill our totally empty waters and cocktails.  We waited patiently for our waiter to come by so that we could have something to drink with our meals. When he didn't show up after 10 minutes of letting our food get cold, I was just about to walk up to the bar and seek out a manager, when a woman, who I assume was the manager came by to check on us.  I told her we needed 2 more cocktails, water refills, an empty bowl for the mussel shells, and some ketchup for our fries.  She got everything over to our table in a timely fashion.Overall, the food was wonderful, it's just too bad that it was tainted with such inattentive service.  Did we eventually get everything we needed to enjoy our meal?  Yes.  Do I feel that a restaurant with such a great reputation should anticipate customers basic needs more successfully?  Absolutely.Over the next 2 days we ate at several casual restaurants uptown and in the french quarter.  NONE of them had the sterling reputation of Luke.  ALL of them had better service.I just wasn't impressed. With so many wonderful places to eat in NOLA, I expected something really fantastic and just was completely under-whelmed.We made reservations on the Yelp app 30 minutes we went in. Their bloody mary was really good. We had the charcuterie and cochoa au laite pressed sandwich they were both delicious.Visiting NOLA from Los Angeles, I got to experience at Luke what dining out SHOULD be.ATMOSPHERECasual but cool, but not trying too hard. Comfortable seating, reasonable decibel-level. We were seated immediately as walk-ins at 7:45 on Saturday night.FOODExcellent quality food, appealingly presented, from a menu of wide but not overwhelming choices.My wife and I chose to split the following (allowing us, on a short budget, to enjoy more courses):- Mint Julep cocktail - hand mixed, not pre-mixedFried Clams Bacon and Avocado salad - Kudos for the thick-cut bacon and the tasty batter on the clamsone cup each of Corn Bisque and Gumbo - both flavorful without being heavyShrimp and Grits - rich and hearty with a bit of spiceBlack Forest cake - chocolate on chocolate. 'nuff said.oh, and the bread was hot and crusty.SERVICEAs opposed to L.A. servers [whose M.O., whether pleasant or abrupt manners, is to have their minds on other things - their next audition, or the last one ;)] the service at Luke (and generally in NOLA) was ALL ABOUT THE FOOD, and introducing it to its patrons... this was a lovely change of pace for me.VALUEGreat Bang-For-the-Buck. I have spent more to get less more times than I care to remember.Fine dining with its hair down--superb, though I could do with two fewer dots over the u. The service is fun and rowdy and attentive and knowledgeable, the food is delicate (rabbit pate with pickled watermelon) or unrefined (crab ravioli), the decor's bar-ish, a little rough around the edges and overlit, but it's bustling and delicious and pleasant. I'd come back over and over if I could. Spend a lot or a little: $11 for a croque monsieur or $85 for a fruits de mer platter.If you're not from New Orleans watch out for the oysters, they're weirdly saltless, I always avoid them.So there we were the week of Mardi Gras on a Saturday evening and We were early for our reservation so the super cool hostess who I think may have been the manager told us about Happy Hour on a Saturday? During Mardi Gras? Up to the bar we went and had a great bartender I think his name was Jonas  2 for 1 drinks and I asked him what appetizer he would recommend He recommended the Pate Plate assiette de charcuterie.Now I am in no ways a pate kinda guy but this stuff was amazing! all different kinds with some head cheese that turned me into a fan!Later for dinner I had the HOUSE Special Jaugersnitzel and it was so good except I'm not a veal fan so I didn't enjoy it and couldn't eat  but it tasted real good but that's what Happy hour can do to a guyThis review is for Happy Hour Only. A trusted fellow food lover suggested Luke as my go-to spot for oysters while in New Orleans.  Not only are the oysters 50 cents a piece at happy hour, but drinks (except top shelf) are half off.  We went twice during our 5 day trip.  Oysters were fresh and delicious; drinks were well made.  Even more impressive was the bartender, Tomas, who was very informed about the various beverages and was able to suggest good beers based on our interests as well as whipped up some tasty NOLA staples (Sazerac was delish!). Next time I pay a visit to the town, I will make sure to return for Happy Hour!The best hamburger I've ever had! And the fries -- to die for! Everything from the decor and ambiance to the drinks and food were perfect. And at reasonable prices for New Orleans.If you can't afford Chef Besh's more expensive restaurants, then this is the next best thing.This place is meaty! Not much for a vegetarian. The staff was super friendly and helpful. The express menu seems like a great deal. A soup, entree and desert for around $22, I believe. It's loud but comfortable with a fun atmosphere.mit umlaut und...delicious burgers. I heard good things about this place but wasn't convinced until I made an appearance. The bacon was other worldly...I need to know where to order that from...amazingly delicious supplement for a burger.The waitress was brilliant. She knew what was in the food and could accommodate or substitute accordingly. She even knew where the products originate, speak about loving food & your job.Customer service was above and beyond and the delicious food also made a difference. I will definitely put Luke's on the short list of places to re-visit especially because I was too full to indulge in dessert.I was hoping for more. We walked in at 9:00 on a Tuesday night, and they were out of the cochon de lait special. I had the schnitzel with spaetzle instead. The meat was dry and the breading was salty; the spaetzle was a bit dry too. The apps were good, and maybe I should have had the oyster salad...I may never find out since there are many other places to eat in the area.While the place was not full, the maitresse still made us wait five minutes while the servers set up exactly the right table for us(?) Our server was fine.Nice atmosphere, but not the experience I was expecting from a "top chef" restaurant. I think you need to pick the right dishes to get the best experience, or get there early to score the daily special--never the winning trait of a good restaurant in a big city.Was in town for a bit, and made it my mission to stuff myself as often as possible with as much food as was in sight.Great location near downtown, and the French Quarter. Trendy vibe. There were 4 of us, Kim was our server. She was great. Her prancing around the restaurant makes me chuckle to think back. She talked highly of the head chef Besh. Our food selection was a bourgeois for my tastes so I will give it a 4. But many things: delightful and attentive service, kitchen with large windows so I could ensure my cooks weren't intentionally doing malice after I screwed our order up, and great prices.Apps: Some pizza with bacon on it- delicious. We got the Pate, and I've never enjoyed pate, and believe it to be acquired taste. We hardly touched it.Wine: Pouilly fuisse- FANTASTIC with all of our dishes. A second bottle made it to our table, and we all looked at each other like 'who ordered this'? But did we complain? Hell No. I wish I had a glass of this in my face right now, and at $52- great.Entrees: We got the Shrimp & grits. I've never had grits before, but from what I've envisioned- they don't normally taste like this. WOW.  Market Fish was Mahi-Mahi. Holy toledo. Do this, now. Dessert- something mousse. MehhTHEY SPLIT ALL OF OUR ENTREES. Good luck finding an establishment this preppy to do that for 4 people.I have been there three times.  Once for happy hour, with half price drinks and half price oysters.  Once for lunch, where I had one of the best burgers I have had in town; and the third time for dinner where I had a pork shank with sausage and sauerkraut that was incredible.The half price oysters ($0.50 each) where of excellent quality and extremely fresh.I will continue exploring their menu, because everything I have had so far has been excellent.The flamenkuche and the croque madame were a real treat. A real tribute to charcuterie. Pork fat rules.The raw oysters were very fresh. They tasted like they just came out of the sea. It doesn't get any fresher than this.Ok so I had never been to Louisiana before and I was so close on a work trip that I had to come down. I looked up on yelp top rated places to eat and this place had by far the most reviews with 4+ stars. I knew it wouldn't be cheap but by he rating it wasn't as high as others close by. I loved that I could do a reservation through the app. Anyways I ended up ordering a jalepeno cheese grits, shrimp, hand made sausage etc. it was super delicious. I also knew I wouldn't get full off these types of portions and I also ordered the crawfish bisque and it was fantastic. You get some sourdough bread complimentary as well. Nothing great. Overall it was wonderful and I loved the city.I've been for the 50c oysters many times. Recently went back for dinner, and sat in the back dining room, which I didn't know existed. It hasn't quite got the atmosphere of the front, but it's nice enough and you can see the open kitchen. I like the casual brasserie vibe, the menu is mostly great - the french fries are a must, as is the charcuterie plate. If you can't quite afford August but still want to eat at a Besh restaurant, this is your go to. Impressive, affordable and relaxed.More of 3.5, and I'm rounding up. This was our big splurge meal of the weekend.  Another group of 7 ppl, and the food was only ok.  I split the seafood tower without the  lobster ($65) with a bunch of people, and everything was fresh, but I feel like there should have been more seafood for the price.  Ambience was good, up-scale without being stuffy.  I split the smoked pork shank with my girlfriend who's on the Paleo diet (urgh, don't ask), and it was a bit dry, in my opinion.  The sauerkraut underneath was delish though.  The bread pudding dessert was rich and satisfying.  Coffee: sooo good.  I only got decaf and it was full-bodied, and had no burnt, acidic aftertaste that is so signature of that place called Starbucks.  Everyone else seemed to be enjoying the food, and the service was quite friendly and attentive.Lovely place very good foodService very slow as everywhere in New OrleansPricier than the 2$would let argueProbably the best oysters I've ever had. Wife had a Riverbend cocktail: delicious. The German style alt beer was great. The Belgian-style fries were disappointing--a paper cone filled with tiny pieces of what were once french fries (kinda like the very bottom of a McDonalds french fry bag). Service at the bar was ok. The entrees looked great, but we were full from the two dozen oysters.After several more successful dining experiences here, I have to up my stars from 3 to 4. I recently had some of the best Gulf oysters here, and I'm a big fan of their sausages and charcouterie. Go for happy hour and get 50 cent oysters, half price specialty drinks and $2 drafts (12 ounce pours). I also ordered the fried oyster salad, which I've had before, and it had a lot more lettuce last time. I told the server and he brought more greens expertly dressed. Great service.Simply amazing! The Étouffée with blue crab & brown shrimp is hands down my favorite dish EVER! It's THAT good. The chargrilled oysters are also amazing. The bf ordered the grilled ribeye and was super satisfied with it. The buttery sauce added to the juicy flavors of the ribeye & the grits complimented the dish well. And you get fries on top of that! Holy moly! Needless to say, we were stuffed with all the deliciousness in front of us.We ducked into this place as the rain started to pelt down Friday night... what a happy accident!  It was the best gumbo we had in NoLa.I had the redfish meuniere, which was delicious and not overwhelmingly fishy.  The burger was also fantastic, but the hit of the night was the jumbo shrimp "en cocette".  Heaven.Ask to sit in Nate's section - he is almost freakishly knowledgable.  I think he must have an eidactic memory of every menu in town.  He recommended drinks, dishes and even other restaurants for the next night.This place is outstanding.  I went with group of 12 for a work dinner, and they did a great job serving our group.  We started with the "Le Grande Plateau de Fruits de Mer" - it was a great seafood mix appetizer.  We also got the "Le Plateau" of Prince Edward Island mussels, which were great.Luke had a pretty comprehensive French wine menu.  We started with the Chateau des Tuquets, which is a Bordeaux, as well as a white that I cannot remember.  The Chateau des Tuquets was the only part of the meal that was just okay; everything else was top notch.  I had a great Belgian beer there - Grimbergen Blonde Ale - definitely worth trying.About half our table got the corn and crab bisque, which was incredible.  For my entree, I got the jumbo Louisiana shrimp "en cocotte" (shrimp & grits).  It was by far the best shrimp & grits I have ever had in my life and one of the top meals I had in 2009.I will definitely return to Luke next time I make it to New Orleans.Ate Xmas dinner at Luke with my wife. We were made to sit at the bar though a good amount of tables were empty the whole time we were there. Horrible service at the bar. Both of our meals came out undercooked (burger and mussels).  I've had a decent lunch there in the past, but won't be going back.The food that wasn't overly salted was very good. We started with the fried oyster salad, which would have been great if the bacon's saltiness didn't take away from its taste. Like most people, I love bacon, but not when its salty taste stays in my mouth hours after the meal ended.  However, the bacon might not have been the only culprit. The crab omelet was also extremely over-seasoned.  On a positive note, the salad had the proper amount of dressing and the fried oysters were delicious (it didn't have any of the ooey gooeyness that I dislike about oysters). We also ordered a croque madame.  I had high expectations since this is a town known for its French food. Unfortunately, I've had much better ones in San Francisco (Bay Area folks - check out Tartine's croque madames).  The bread was soggy and the cheese was lacking.Overall, the food was fine, but it didn't live up to the hype that some other Yelpers gave it.Excelent.  This is hands down a great restaurant. I wnt to Luke for lunch and sat at the bar with the regular mid-week lunch crowd.  lI enjoyed three courses: salad, soup, and entre.  This was coupled with three local beers.The salad was a Slow poached egg withChicory, Bacon, Crispy fried pigs ear, with a Mustard dressing. This was a unique and tasty poached egg salad.  The bacon was especially good, with a rich, smokey flavor.  The fried pigs ears were tender and suculent.  The soup was a signature crawfish bisque.  This was by far the best crawfish dish I've experienced, aside from a straight boil.  The bisque was so full of crawfish flavor, but not heavy or weighed down by butter or cream.  The bisque was acompanyed by a crawfish head filled with a delicate stuffing that, when drenched in bisque, melted in the mouth.  I was told that this was seasonal based on the availability of quality crawfish.  A must-try if available.Finally, the entre. Being lunch and as an out of towner, I kept the crawfish theme going with a Luisianna "crawfish boil" po-boy.   The sanwich came on a thick French roll, layered with slices of green tomatoes and hard boiled eggs, a signature slaw, and creol seasoned boiled crawfish tails.  While the bread was a tad thick, the flavor of the slaw, tomatoes, and crawfish was perfect.  The sandwich was acompanyed by a healthy portion of frites. Overall this was an excellent meal and great experience.  The wait staff was attentive and friendly.  I will be back.The food was great but the service was awful. It wasn't busy yet it took 20 minutes to get a drink from the time we sat down at the bar. We went to the bar waiting for a table 4 minutes there and no drink. Our table was ready so we were seated and continued to wait. I asked the waiter for a napkin, it never showed up.  Food was really good it's too bad the service will make me think twice before returning.There's not a thing bad to say about this place. The price may seem a bit alarming at first but it's definitely worth the price. They offer a buffet, but unless you are just looking to be stuffed, adventure to the menu and sample one of Jon Besh's French/German dishes with a Louisiana twang. Sat down and enjoyed Nicaraguan French pressed coffee that was chocolatey and silky that sort of cut into its strength. I enjoyed the shrimp and grits that had a delicious New Orleans kick. Julia had Crab stuffed Eggs Benedict that topped caramelized onions with bacon crumbles.. LALICIOUS (it's beyond delicious)So while the food was filling and inspired a slower moving day, the coffee got us ready for or next New Orleans adventure. DEFINITELY STOP HERE!Arrived at Luke's late in the evening on Christmas day. Not sure if it was an off day for them, or if we had arrived too late, but for a restaurant with four stars on Yelp, it was sadly very disappointing! We wanted the special of the day, which they had run out of, and settled instead for the fresh gulf fish and a bowl of gumbo.The gulf fish was okay, but nothing to write home about. The gumbo was by far the most disappointing -- it came lukewarm at best, which quickly turned to cold. Also, the gumbo lacked any discernible seafood and instead was filled with sausages? It was a disappointing start to our food adventures in New Orleans, but luckily the exception rather than the norm.Classy restaurant!  Go during happy hour to get the great deal of $.50 oysters and 1/2 off drinks everyday from 3pm-6pm.  We did and boy were we more than satisfied! We also tried their gumbo soup which was excellent quality -- I love fresh seafood and these guys had it!  They also served the unique New Orleans drink -- Sezarec -- which is mostly rye, it was strong but good!  Love the peach champagne too.Luke's is a warm, fun, boisterous atmosphere with amazing food and excellent service.  The smoked pork shank was served with pork belly and veal sausage over a bed of slightly sweet sauerkraut.  It's a heart attack waiting to happen but so delicious it's definitely worth it.  Just an FYI-this dish is dairy free and wheat free but does contain barley (the shank is marinated in beer.)The soups and salads my fellow dinners had were reported to be great, and the bacon mushroom sauce on the veal cutlets was so good that my husband wished he had more to cover the spatzle.Our waiter was the nicest waiter I think we've ever had.  He was attentive but not imposing, nice but not condescending, and had great recommendations on both wine and food.  It was a wonderful experience and I plan on coming back to Luke's every time I visit New Orleans!Lobster with home made Penne pasta!!  Yummy!!Hearty beef stew Delicious!!They tout themselves as upscale but that was not entirely true. The price was extreme but we found in this case that it was worth it.  The wait staff was attentive and friendly but not to knowledgeable.Happy Hour: $6 for a dozen ginormous oysters. How can you beat that? Throw in some half price drinks. Heaven.It gets better. The Louisiana Shrimp and Grits was AMAZING. Super creamy and cheesy, and tasted of saffron. I pretty much licked the entire bowl clean.Also had the Charcuterie plate which was good as well.Friends had the burger, which is apparently the #4 burger in the US. She wasn't that impressed though. Other friend had the gumbo which was good as well.I am so hungry  now.4 stars for the food:  Loved the: raw oysters and escargot,  shrimp étouffée, grits shrimp, and gumbo.2 stars for the ambience: Felt like a meat locker in there.  Waiter tells me it's the hotel.  I literally had to get up and leave because it was so cold.A very good meal at a decent price.  We got the daily special which also came with Soup and Dessert for 24 dollars.  Well worth it.  I would go back.A dining establishment that's located in the CBD and away from the din of the French Quarter.  We had two waiters (presumably because one was a newbie).  The waiters were fairly attentive for the most part, but they didn't keep my water glass filled, which is a minor pet peeve.  Overall the food was pretty good: sort of Cajun/Creole with a Modern American twist.  I liked that the restaurant had two in house brews on tap; I had the alt amber, which was tasty.  Overall, I'd recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a casual dining experience with reasonably priced food, away from the noise and crowds of the Quarter.Excellent Louisiana cooking presented in an upscale way.  I have the smoked pork shank and it was melt in your mouth great.  A little loud inside but still a very nice place for dinnerI finally got the opportunity to eat at this wonderful restaurant and it was GREAT! The staff was extremely kind and attentive but not overbearing. The food was amazing as well. I had the steak topped with crab meat and it was cooked to perfection with the juices running all over the wooden board, so nice! My dining partner had the roasted chicken and the crab bisque which was divine as well, also the oysters which were so fresh! I cannot say enough good things about this restaurant. Go eat here and you will understand my admiration!We spent xmas eve 2012 dinner here and were all pleasantly surprised!My first John Besh experience and boy was I made a fan! The oyster shuckers and bar attendants were very attentive while we waited for our table. The gulf oysters were phenomenal and nothing like any that we've ever had in the northeast.Once seated, we started with the P&J baked oysters, the escargots, and the bacon/oyster salad. The baked oysters were just so-so and the other items were pretty solid.I had the grilled ribeye and frites for my main course and it was quite possibly the best meal that I had during our 4,700 mile cross country journey!I'm already planning our next trip to NOLA as we speak and Luke's is at the top of the list of must visits!The food was good but not great.  A bit overpriced for the food and the lack of atmosphere.  Also, when we were there on a rather busy night, it felt very chain-like.  Still, I'd give it another shot and go between 3-6 for the oysters.The waitstaff was overly attendant but very slow moving.  I thought it was just a southern quality but it was a bit over the top.  We were there for over 2 hours with a large group and a pretty empty restaurant.  If you want to take a slow leisurely brunch, then this is your spot!  But if not, I'd skip it because the food wasn't extraordinary either.  Their jalapeno grits are enjoyable.The back section of Lüke is devoid of the charm that makes the front of the restauant such a delight to eat in. The air conditioning was uncomfortably cold because the neighboring hotel had the controls. (I wish I had brought a sweater.) The single serving coffee press might be cute, but the waiter couldn't keep enough full coffee carafes on our table. Also, because the air conditioning was so cold, the coffee cups were equally cold and as soon as the coffee was poured into them the coffee went from hot to lukewarm. (It is only with the greatest restraint that I kept myself from using a wonderfully awful pun by adding an umlaut to lukewarm.) The hostess, the waiter and I had some kind of miscommunication which ended up messing up one order. That's a laundry list of complaints right? You'd think that's deserve a two or maybe three star review. Well that's not the case for Lüke, because they still make the best Shrimp and Grits I've had in my life, and I've had a lot of shrimp and grits.I ate here with my boyfriend on New Year's Eve for a nice dinner before heading out for the night. While the food was very good (4 stars), the service was poor. We ordered a second round of drinks, but the waitress completely forgot to enter the order. The waitress was not around to get her attention to remind her. Luckily, a hostess/manager was floating around the restaurant asking how things were and we told her about our missing drinks. She was able to get our drinks quickly; although, since our waitress forgot, we didn't end up getting them unitl after our meal was served. I also noticed that other tables had received bread and butter, which we never got. It also took awhile for our dinner plates to be cleared and for our check to come. Also, there was a very drunk group at the bar, wandering around and bumping into the servers and making loud remarks. I would expect a group like this on Bourbon Street and not at a nicer restaurant, yet nothing was done and they kept on serving them drinks. Overall, the service was slow and not very attentive.I would dine here again in hopes that the poor service was a fluke. The raw oysters were probably the freshest I had on my visit to NOLA. The Shrimp & Grits dish was good, althougn not as good as Mr. B's.Excellent meal! I had crab & corn bisque, wife had gumbo to start. Both were very good. Then Shrimp and grits for me and Luke burger and fries for wife. Best shrimp and grits I've ever had. Burger was good but she loved the fries. The negative was service. It took about 20 minutes before server came to table to take drink orders. After she brought drinks, another server replaced her then our service was much better.  Food was really good!Good breakfast, a little pricey, but worth it.I wanted to try this place after reading reviews and looking for some classy Louisiana fare.  I hadn't visited a John Besh restaurant before, and went with rather high expectations.  I started with the baked oysters, which were delicious.  For a main course, I ordered a steak, which was cooked right (medium) but was brought to the table at about room temperature.  My wife ordered a burger well done, it came out very red...however, they did correct that mistake with no hassle.  For the price, I'd expect better.Was good.  I had the chicken and it was a little over-cooked but all in all the whole meal was excellent. I had some oysters as an app and they were huge.  If you like oysters check those out.  Ambiance was a little touristy/family which isn't bad per se but it is what it is.Great place. We had the mussels, the foie gras and oysters. Breadpudding for dessert -- everything was spectacular.My wife and I had a great experience here while on a work trip/vacation.  First, the service was fantastic.  We started with a half-dozen big, fresh oysters matched with great cocktails.  I had the Choucroute Garnie Maison, which is a massive pork shank, a bratwurst, all on a bed of awesome sauerkraut.  B had the Moules et Frites, which she loved.  And the Bread Pudding for dessert was so good that we must've been making a scene - after finishing our dessert, the couple next to us was like, "You two really liked that dessert!"  Hell yeah, we did!Great food and service. You must try when in NOLA. Our server Price was excellent. The bread pudding is excellent!Awful service.  I'd recommend not venturing to Lüke.  The front hosts are rude and skipped our party several times even though we had a reservation for 9:30.  After sat we were served cold and bland food.  Eating at Lüke was more a pain in my ass than a pleasurable experience.Even with a reservation and noting that dinner was for an anniversary, we were seated in the front area-the noisiest part of the retaurant.  Just a note, I had really talked this retaurant up to my wife before our 'experience'.Conversation was almost impossible.  Service was erratic.  We received a round of drinks 'on the waiter' becasue they screwed up the drink order.  The food was ok but overpriced.  There are much. much better options withina 10 minute walk (such as the American Cafe Grill at the JW Marriott).This was my 3d visit to the restaurant.  First was good (I was seated in the back room which is much quieter) and the food quality was ok.  The second visit was awful.  Service was the worst I have encoutnered in NOLA in a year and the quality was not great that night either).  This was the tiebreaker and the tie went to another restaurant---any other restaurant.My friend was having a bachelor party and this is were we ended up going. We had made reservations, so when we got there we were put in a private room.  We ordered drinks and that was when the trouble started. The service we had was absolutely terrible. The first round of drinks took about 20 minutes to come out, during which time we were completely unattended to. Everything was slow. We arrived at 8 pm and finally left at 10:45. In the whole time we were there we maybe saw our waiter five times. It was not the kind of service I expected from a restaurant of this caliber.Moving on from the service, the food was excellent. We ordered three dozen oysters for the table, appetizers, and entrees. Everyone was extremely impressed by the food. If it wasn't for the food, I would have given this place two stars, but it is excellent. I can't say I would return, due to the quality of service, but the food is fantastic.Last night in NOLA and we had stayed away from luke since it is in a hotel. But it is definitely not a typical hotel restaurant. Made reservations thru opentable like 2 hours before we wanted to eat with no problem. Got there, table ready, and started on our food exploration. Menu has some items in French so don't be afraid to ask about items. They have a 23$ special where you get a soup, entree of the day and dessert. We ordered as appetizer the seafood bisque and matzo ball soup and a pork pate that was really good. For entree, the unanimous choice for best of the table was the Luke burger. Everything else was great (coq au vin, roasted chicken, ham and cheese sandwich) but the burger got reviews such as best burger ever. Desserts were ok. Definitely worth the visit.I love everything about this place.  Went here for lunch on a recent trip to New Orleans.  I had been stuffing my face the entire weekend with authentic New Orleans food (delicious but very filling and unhealthy) so this was a very welcomed change.  The beer they make, not sure exactly what it's called was AMAZING.  Got some in a to go cup on the way out.  We shared a Luke salad which was basically as good as a salad can get.  I had a cup of the crab and corn bisque and a Veal Entree. All were wicked delicious.  They have a really good lunchtime deal where you can get a cup of soup and the entree for the day for $15.  The atmosphere and service were both lovely.  Will definitly return next time I'm there and would recommend it to everyone.Went to Luke for dinner. I have been to this restaurant once already and it was great. This time. I decided to go again (a year later) to see if the magic was still there.  I walked in without a reservation and had to wait a little bit.For an appetizer we had the dozen shrimp  cocktail. They were just delicious. The shrimp tasted as if they were just plucked from the Gulf only moments earlier. I couldn't help but to channel my inner Bubba Gump and ponder the many uses of the shrimp. Next for a first course we both had the crawfish bisque. It was like drinking liquid crawfish. Seasoned just right. I had the ribeye topped with crabmeat. My lady friend had the redfish stew of some sort (one of the daily specials...Friday). Equally as good. Lastly, the bread pudding. It was good. I have had better...but not many. Definitely a place you should put on your lists of restaurants to visit when you go to New Orleans.My husband and I ate at Luke for lunch, around 12:30 on a random Thursday, when visiting New Orleans from out of town. I can easily say that this was one of the best meals of my life, and I only had a sandwich.Since I'm allergic to shellfish, the menu was a bit limited for me--I'd estimate that over half the dishes contain crab, shrimp, or mussels.  However, I was not at all disappointed with my choice.  I ordered the croque madame with frites and my husband had the pressed sandwich of cochon au lait with frites and an excellent hefeweizen.  It's pretty hard to screw up what is essentially a ham and cheese sandwich with an egg on top--but this was absolutely incredible.  The egg was perfectly cooked and I broke the yolk so the whole sandwich had the wonderful flavor of it.  The ham was perfectly sweet and salty, and I'm not sure what they do with the bread to this sandwich but it was melt in your mouth delicious.  The frites were perfectly cooked, and the service was impeccable.I will dream about this sandwich from afar, and if I'm ever in New Orleans again this will be the first place I visit.Wonderful food and a great cocktail.  Great customer service. I was here on a work trip and needed a place to eat that I felt comfortable sitting by myself.   This not only fit what I was looking for but had the best NOLA version of a cuban and fries.I will definitely be back..  Get over the fact that it is in a hotel.  It is worth it!The Roasted Beet salad was great. I got the entrecote grille au frites . They served the wrong sauce with the steak, although good not what I asked for, cooked perfect though. The fries were cold within minutes of service. The beer selection was unique, I got Belgium ale that was great. I would give it another try the next time I'm in New Orleans.The 50 cents oysters are such a great deal, and the location is convienient. I like the mussels and frites also.The food was great. Me and my 5 year old went on a Thursday night about 7:30. Staff was more than pleasing. They adjusted tables so we could sit side by side. Our waiter was great and did everything he could to make it seamless for us. Will be back for sure!OYSTERS AT HAPPY HOUR!!The second time we went, we sat at the bar by the man shucking them, and he passed us at least five freebies!Shrimp and grits was delicious also, bf and I shared a plate, and they served it to us divided with no splitting fee.  Perfect shrimp and creamy grits. Good stuff.We made reservations on Open Table and were seated at the time of our reservation. Saw some complaints on Yelp in the reviews regarding the service but ended up being pleasantly surprised.Wow is all i can say! Started with the rabbit Pâté which was accompanied with three toppings of which the watermelon rind was out of this world. Had the concotte(sp) which was the grits which was infused with cream and butter and a wonderful sauce that surrounded the grits topped off with 5 healthy grilled shrimp. AMAZING DINNER for the price. Gonna be in New Orleans all week. Will be returning. Contrary to the negative review on service: Gene was our waiter and he could work in any 4 star restaurant. Had great suggestions and was attentive. 5 minutes did not go by and he was checking on us. So my recommendations to any of the nay Sayers c/o of the service is try Luke's again!P.S. dessert was delicious but after being overwhelmed with the litany of taste blowing favors from our meal; we ordered light and tasted a small tart crammed with fresh strawberries and topped with creamy ice cream. Nice topper for a great meal.Just ok. This restaurant was attached to our hotel. Bread pudding was burnt on top and all of the yummy sauce dripped off before it was served.The "bacon onion pizza" (I cant pronounce the actual name, but we felt "flamin cootchie" was a possibility)was supposed to be awesome, but I felt the torte was soggy. The beet salad was great. Shrimp étouffée  had a good sauce, but small portion. As mentioned in other reviews, expect to spend some time there because the waitstaff is very nice, but slow.All in all, there are better places to eat in NOLA.Huge oysters for happy hour. Would've liked to have tried the other menu items but passing thru. Love this as an alternative to the quarter mayhem.I went there for lunch.  Don't eat meat or a lot of seafood so the selection was limited.  I had the beet salad which was, of course, delicious.  I got the sides of grilled vegetables and grits.  You can't go wrong with grits at a place like this and I would suggest that you CANNOT go there and not get grits in some fashion.  Pretty and understated decor.Best oysters hands down!!! Got a dozen of  P&J oysters and inhaled them in 10 sec flat! Bisque is amazeballs too!!My partner was so turned on by the foie gras he stopped breathing for a few minutes. The first words out of his mouth after his near-death experience: "so buttery..."This was one of my favorite meals when visiting NOLa.  Do yourself a favor and get the Shrimp & Grits. It is by far one of the best things, if not the best thing I ate when visiting the city.  They also had a German meat plate that one of my friends had that looked like it was enough food for three people (very tasty as well).  For apps I recommend the oysters and one of the local soups... they are all good.  Bread pudding for dessert as well.  I will definitely be back when I am in town.We were here during the French Quarter Festival and it was an exceptionally busy night which is why I am going with 3 stars instead of two. That being said I believe a restaurant should be just as on point regardless of what capacity it is operating at. Most of the food here was excellent. The boudin, the croque madame, and the fish du jour were very well done. We ordered a dozen jumbo shrmp however and found them to be exceptionally mealy and quite disappointing. At $21/Dozen in New Orleans shrimp should be fresh and have a nice snap to them, these were none of that. The service was also pretty spotty, waited a long time for drink refills, and generally found that when we needed something the service was nowhere to be found. To be fair, they were very nice and polite when present.  So all in all I would imagine we hit them on an off night. We did go to one of the chef's other restaurants, August, and had a 5 star experience.Popular downtown spot with good food and service. I wouldn't call it special, but it was a convenient place to eat before an NBA game.Oysters at 50 cents a pop for HH are a deal... maybe even a steal! The Luke ale was crisp and I thought the crab bisque was delightfully fresh with an abundance of crab meat- not bad for a $5 soup.One word:  divine!  Had the baked oysters ~ flavorful. Not at all slimy. Also the pate was orgasmic.  But my fav was the frisée salad ~ amazing!!I liked Luke but I was not blown away.  I think my friend liked it more than I did.  The food was good but, with one exception, nothing overly special.  The exception was the P&J oysters which were absolutely fantastic.  If I were to go back, I would make this my meal.  Unfortunately, the shrimp and grits were average and not nearly as good as I have had elsewhere.  And the vanilla cake was really nothing more than a basic pound cake.  The atmosphere is a really cool, which I did not expect as a restaurant located in the first floor of a major chain hotel.  Unfortunately, given all the great food options in a city like New Orleans, Luke is really quite average and I would have a hard time justifying going back.This is a review for its happy hour special of 50 cent oysters, which is an amazing deal! If you love oysters, this is the place to get them for cheap. A lot of the oysters are pretty huge too, which is a big plus! Beware though that it will take some waiting time for your order of oysters to get to the table, so make sure you order enough of them the first time around. I've also tried their crab bisque, which is delicious, but I thought the portion size for a bowl is pretty small relative to its cost ($8).Love this place! John Besh needs to come to NYC! Conveniently located across from our hotel, Intercontinental, so we went there twice in 3 days. The duck po'boy dribbled delightfully between my fingers as the egg yolk mixed with the duck juice, and then I licked it all off! Then at the 2nd visit, the happy-hour oysters and the shrimp and grits really made it one of the most memorable part of our entire trip; it's up there with the Segway tour and Preservation Hall, I'd say.  You may hear different things about various shrimp and grits while in New Orleans, but we've tried it in 3 different places and Luke's was our favorite.Very affordable brasserie from John Besh of the Next Iron Chef fame.  Had the fish of the day prepared with lemon and brad crumbs.  Great choice.  It is very affordable for a restaurant by a nationally known chef.  Got to say the bread pudding has a caramel on it that you would expect on a cuban flan, just a depth of flavor you don't get with a regular bread pudding.I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE their happy hour! You can bring your own wine and appetizers are discounted! Regardless of how you feel about oysters, definitely try their P&J Oysters - absolutely fresh and delicious! Every bad thing you've heard about the taste of oysters - none of it can be found here! The hoghead cheese and boudin noir are absolutely mouth-watering, & both come with great pairings! The Luke burger is pretty good but definitely try out their sausage dish or something else if you like to be adventurous....you can't go wrong. As for dessert, skip the apple galette (unless you love apples) and Creme brulee (I've had better) and go straight for the bread pudding and baked mousse - two of their best!!!Food...excellent.  Service, extremely subpar for such a highly-rated establishment.  Service in need of repair.Just so so, only is that location good, near to conference center and CBD, the food is definitely not $$, very little food for each entree, taste ok. Service, as we experienced today is not that good, wait a really long time for dishes. And no waitor add water.OMG!!! Happy hr is the BEST!!! Half off on Cocktail menu and $6 for a dozen of OYSTERS!!! YUMMMM! I wish LUKE will come to Los Angeles! You must go! HH is week day btw 330-6pm. Don't miss out!Great Brunch!  I had the Crab Bisque, Pork Grillades and Grits.   Great service too.  Check it out.Traveling by myself , sat at the bar the bartender was very friendly and helpful. Hands down the best cup of gumbo I have ever had and the bread pudding could very well been the best I've ever had too.Great Burger.  I kept thinking I was eating a smoked briscuit sandwich it was so flavorful.Wanted it to be so much more.  The pate de champagne was good but everything else... average.We had Sunday Brunch at Luke and enjoyed it so much that we went back for dinner the same day.  So good!  The shrimp and grits were delicious, perfectly done.  We sat by the kitchen and enjoyed watching the chefs do their thing.For dinner we ordered the seafood platter ("le grand plateau de fruits de mer") and mussels ("moules et frites") to share between the four of us.  The oysters and mussels were my favorite, but everything was amazing.  The platter also included shrimp, ceviche, and crab legs.  Service was great, even though we came in 30 minutes before close!We will definitely be back when we are in New Orleans!There's something about food in New Orleans that just makes wonders. I just think that every place (small or big, fancy or humble) in New Orleans put so much effort in food.  Luke is one of those places.  First of all, you must take advantage of the happy hour. Not only for the booze but for the amazing oyster at .50 cents..., opened as you ordered them.  They have an amazing burger.  The seafood gumbo is equally great.  Service is good and location, too.The restaurant has a warm and inviting feel and the food was delicious.  Of course you must start off with some oysters...and the horseradish that goes with it will make you cry!  Yum!  After that, our group had the pate plate was divine just as Dieu N. says....For dinner - our group had:- Shrimp Farci - the stuffing in this was so good and the blood orange hollandaise - yum!- Shrimp and grits - probably one of the best things at our table...if that is even possible.- Crispy Pork Shank - it was huge - something that you need to definitely share- Crabmeat ravioli - the meyer lemon with the crab is a perfect combo.It's worth the walk for a dinner you will definitely remember!In town for a conference, looking for a nice place, not too pricey, where we had seafood and non-seafood options.  Luke fit the bill nicely.  We walked in at 7 on a Saturday night, had a drink and some fantastic duck pate at the bar while we waited for our table (20 min wait) and then were seated.The food was fantastic, the burger was amazing, the fries were wonderful.The absinthe frappe and the mint julep were great.  If I had more time (and money) to spend in new oreleans I would go back and try more of cocktails, and appetizers!The interior is crowded and dim, but not in a cozy way.  We were seated at a table so close to the next patrons that we heard their entire conversation as if they were sitting with us. The menu is limited and the service was so so (with the exception of the greeter who was genuinely friendly and attentive). Regarding the food, the biscuits were bland; the fries were cold and the corn bisque was watery.I ordered a Bloody Mary - although it was tasty, it was almost non-alcoholic.For those it matters to, I think we were the only locals in the place.Fantastic!!! Me and my husband were in NOLA for 2 nights only and were trying to see and try everything in that short period of time. We went to LUKE for a happy hour and were pleasently surprised. The waiter was fenomenal, we ordered a few local brews, dozen raw oysters and a plate of steamed mussels and that all, let me tell you, was the freshest, tastiest seafood i had eaten in NOLA!!! Outstanding quality for half the price! The oysters were so gigantic you have to cut them in half! Fresh! Luke was one of the highlights of our stay in New Orleans, period!Had a good lunch here today.  Everything was solid, fresh & well prepared.  The service is sort of upscale diner so don't go in with high expectations, but prices are reasonable and there are definitely some good choices on menu.Brunch was fair.  Nothing was particularly offensive, but the overall quality didn't feel consistent with John Besh.  FYI, I'd avoid the crab BLT.  Between the real brioche bread, mayo, thick-cut bacon, deep fried crab and french fries, sometimes too much of something is just too much.First, the staff was very attentive.  Not only your waiter, but the whole staff.  Very nicely done.  We had the Reveillion dinner which was four courses.  Excellent in every way.  We sat next to the big kitchen windows in the back of the restaurant.  It is amazing to watch the crew get the food out.  Very nicely done.  We were very pleased.Will be coming back to Luke on my next trip to NOLA. Pâté plate & the shrimp & grits was superb. Service was great.Food was amazing. Fresh and tasty. We were a big group like 7 and they were able to fit us in. Everybody ordered something different and nothing I had was less than stellar.Another home run for Besh!!  Here for breakfast with the family. Beignets were awesome. The French toast was very good as well as the fried chicken sandwich. My favorite was the shrimp grits. THE best grits I have ever had. The poached egg and he cheese made for a flavorful, runny conglomeration of goodness!!!$.50 for oysters during happy hours. No other compliments actually needed.Other than the fact the service is great! We ordered a steak. The waitress, knowing my girlfriend and I are sharing, separated the meal without us requesting. Also, roasted oysters are splendidly crumbed with cheese & spice while so tender inside. They also gave us brand new seasonings. Visiting this restaurant made our night in New Orleans.A concierge highly recommended this restaurant.  It was solid-good.  I would not say out-of-this world great. I found the gumbo to be fair at best. My shrimp and grits entree was very good. The wine list was good with nice selections by he glass. Service was very good.  No reason not to eat here, but frankly nothing that would make me want to go back either.My dinner options were rather limited on account of it being Christmas Day, so I chose Luke based on the reviews and the fact that they were serving their Reveillon menu on Dec 25 as well. Who doesn't want to experience Reveillon when they're in NOLA?There's a lot that's good about this restaurant. There's also a lot that isn't quite up to par.Pros:- Happy Hour: 50-cent oysters? Pretty sure I died and went to heaven. And they were huge, succulent, deliciously briny Gulf Coast oysters! Some were easily twice the size of normal oysters- Delicious cocktails: Seeing as they were half off because of HH, I indulged and got both the Champagne au Peche (Champagne and fresh peach puree) and the St. Charles Streetcar (St. Germain, pear vodka, Champagne). Both were tasty and refreshingCons:- The Reveillon menu left a lot to be desired. For the first course, my boyfriend got the shrimp remoulade and I got the crispy sweetbread with beluga lentils and blood orange brown butter vinaigrette. The remoulade was flavorless and forgettable. The sweetbread was actually well-cooked (very crisp) but got to be too rich after a while.     The turtle soup and seafood gumbo that made up our second course were both terrible. There was maybe a kernel of turtle meat in the entire bowl of soup and the gumbo lacked seasoning. Our third course consisted of crispy flounder stuffed with crab, shrimp and mirliton dressing, and a rib roast with oyster dressing, turnip and apple puree, and cherry compote. The roast was decent if a bit chewy, but the flounder was so rich that my boyfriend couldn't finish it. Our final course was dessert--bread pudding with vanilla ice-cream and hot buttered pecan sauce for him, apple tart with caramel and praline ice-cream for me. The praline ice-cream was great, but the bread pudding was too sweet in my opinion and the apple tart was virtually inedible on account of being too dry.- Service was also disappointing for a restaurant with this reputation. Our server was nice enough, but she would disappear for long blocks of time during inopportune moments when we really needed herAll in all, I'm glad I did a Reveillon dinner in NOLA, but I don't think I'll be recommending Luke to anyone.My first five star review. This place is the perfect combination of price and quality. Reasonable prices for excellent food. The mussels were great, even my 8 year old daughter loved them. The herb roasted chicken my wife had was equally impressive. Decent French wine selection with very good restaurant prices. Service was also very good. I will hit Lüke again when I come back to this foodie town.Hard to beat 50 cent oysters at happy hour.  The specialty drinks are delicious as well and since those are half price, happy hour from 3-6 is an incredible deal (as with all the Besh restaurants).  The only thing is that our server seemed touchy, but I guess that's understandable when people come in just for the specials and get 3 dozen oysters.I'm too cheap to eat here normally, but their happy hour rocks my world! 1/2 price oysters and drinks every day from 3-6pm. I go in for a dozen raw and a fresh lemonade. Yummmmmm.I tried the hamburger via the Bartenders suggestion and it was very tasty indeed!  I wouldn't say this place was extraordinary in any aspects but it was tasty and I didn't have any service issues.Great spot!  Shrimp and Grits tasty and spicy.  Gumbo was delicious and bread pudding was very, very good.  I'd recommend it.I went to Luke with a large group of friends during a very busy weekend in New Orleans.  We were all absolutely blown away by the food and the serviceWe started with the appetizer on special along with a Boudin and Oysters.  Everything came out in a reasonable amount of time and tasted phenomenal.  I had a gumbo before dinner that was also impressive, although a rather small portion.  As for entrees, every single one of us in our 8 person party got something different.  Many items were passed around and everyone was as into their own as they were the next.  Next time I'm back in New Orleans and looking for a great dining experience, I'll be back!Service wasn't great. The food was pretty good, but not nearly as good as August!The oysters are amazing and especially the warm chocolate mouse dessert!Mint julep was strong!  The shrimp and grits was a bit salty but quite interesting and good.  The bread pudding was amazing.  Service was good but a bit slow.  Maybe hire more waiters?  Overall, very comfy experience.Before I get deep into this review, I want to say that sometimes the Yelp star rating throws me off a bit.  I tend to judge an establishment more on whether or not I could see myself coming back again in the future.  To me, that's really the deciding factor.  That being said, yes, I would come back here again!  While Luke Restaurant may not be a pioneer in the culinary world, the kitchen does deliver sound dishes that cannot be ignored.Luke Restaurant is located on St. Charles Ave. in the CBD, directly across the street from One Shell Square.  It shares the adjacent space with the Hilton Hotel, which, if anyone remembers pre-Katrina, used to be the boutique Hotel Monaco.  Luke Restaurant used to be The Cobalt, a hip and modern lounge/restaurant owned by Susan Spicer, where great cocktails, as well as amazing eats could be found.  While the restaurant has changed owner, chef and style, the quality of the dishes has not diminished in the slightest.  Luke Restaurant advertises itself as a fine dining Bistro and I would say this description is accurate.  I've been frequenting this restaurant off and on since it's opening in 2007 and I've never been given a subpar product.I would like to draw special attention to the detail of the interior design inside Luke Restaurant.  It reminds me of a social steakhouse ripped straight out of New York City in the 1920s.  Heavy and very ornately carved wood cabinets, doors and bar surround the dining area.  The floor near the bar is completely tiled in black & white while the dining area is situated upon what resembles vintage wood flooring.  To the front and left side of the restaurant, there is a large wooden board containing various newspapers for businessmen to peruse.  Above dining guests are slow-moving ceiling fans which are operated via a pulley; a system no longer common these days.  The restaurant sports a very vintage feel and I believe this works in Luke's favor.  The only other steakhouse resembling Luke Restaurant in terms of interior design and dish offering that comes to mind would be Anthony Bourdain's home base, Brasserie Les Halles, located on Park Ave. in New York.The last two occasions that I dined in Luke Restaurant were over lunch with colleagues.  I am somewhat a slave to routine so I placed my order for the Luke Burger, a monster of a burger that attempts to contain tomatoes, Allen Benton's bacon, caramelized onions and Emmenthaler cheese within the confines of the bun.  It also comes with housemade fries.  Now, believe me when I say that while this burger is steeply priced at $17, I dare you to eat it all in one sitting.  I typically cut the burger in half and take the rest home, as it easily can feed a single person twice!  It is delivered to the customer on a cutting board and you are given pocket sized bottles of Ketchup, Mustard and Mayonnaise.  This is one heck of a huge burger but it's worth every penny!Before diving into the burger, I also placed a starter of the gumbo that, when paired with the fresh rolls, is out-of-this-world!  The rest of my table ordered various dishes and starters but all who had selected the gumbo also stated it was terrific!My burger later arrived and it looked amazing.  The flavor was breathtaking.  The large cuts of bacon, the delishus swirl of caramelized onions and cheese created a sweet aroma so thick, one might say you could swim in it!  The meat was perfectly seasoned and cooked and the flavors came together in a manner that literally created an orgiastic feast of the senses.  In the nature of a true wine connoisseur who takes most pleasure from a vintage's distinct scent, I thoroughly enjoy breathing in the fresh smells from a dish produced by a kitchen.  At such times, one could wish for the olfactory powers of the canine.  It's often occurred to me that pulling a dog away from a scent is akin to seizing a scholar at the museum by the scruff of his neck and dragging him away from his studies.As I've said before, Luke Restaurant may not be groundbreaking but what it does deliver is exceptional quality and great service.  This is a wonderful place to pop in by yourself or with a small group for lunch or dinner.  If you find yourself hungry and within proximity, do yourself a favor and visit Luke.  Your tummy will thank you!Lüke is a magical place that manages something few restaurants in New Orleans have come close to: taking me away. When I walk through those revolving doors, I'm whisked back to my beloved Philadelphia. The European influence is evident on this menu, and I feel like Chef Besh captured the essence of what a cuisine does as it mutates over the years. He just skipped the 50 years it would take for his menu to evolve by being chef-smart and pulling it together. Others have complained about the beer and wine in odd glassware, but it somehow suits the restaurant. I feel like I should bring my grandfather here for lunch. Retired lawyers and doctors and high-powered business people would spend their morning here, reading papers and sipping a beer and chatting. Lüke feels like the Galatoire's for a different class of people. I've eaten at Lüke a couple ways: straight dinner, just apps, and a mixed meal. The very best decision I made was P&J oysters (a dozen for $13!), the poached yard-egg salad sans bacon (oddly filling), and a slice of Black Forest inspired cake (rich, creamy, heavy with Chantilly cream). The oysters here are always delish, and the price of the local oysters (P&J, for those not in the know) is really competitive for a restaurant in the CBD. If Lüke is my magical fantasyland of a restaurant, why only three stars?Le sigh. Say it with me: the service.  The first time my lady and I came, our server looked like she was on speed or something. She was spacy and wired and jumpy without ever making eye contact. Of course we had a chat with the manager. I honestly thought it was a fluke because there were three other servers working the back room (where we sat) that were amazingly attentive and charming. Then I jump on Yelp and see that everyone else hates the service. But...but...but I love Lüke! I don't want to hate Lüke! This is my little oasis in all of New Orleans! Am I deluded? So I visit again. Similar experience. And the third visit is really what sealed my review. I came on a Sunday night after work. I sat at the bar with my Kindle. There were two bartenders, hopping around Doing Important Things™. Between making drinks, gossiping with waiters, avoiding the managers, and running back to the kitchen, I sat for 20 minutes before anyone greeted me. Then the really surly bartender threw my menu at me as she walked past. That was surprising. The rest of my meal unfolded in similar, odd fashion with long periods of being ignored followed by rushed service. Having to defend my plate of oysters kept me amused which was good because I probably would have lost it and snapped at someone after the 4th attempt to remove them before I was finished AS I WAS SLURPING. It was like a game, only I would always be the loser. The food runners who brought my salad and my dessert didn't speak to me when they set the food down, but I don't think I can fault them on that. I was obviously reading. It was clear that I was busy so I think they were trying to respect that. That dinner took two hours; to say it borders on excessive for one person, seated at the bar, with no cooked food is an understatement. I think I'll keep coming to Lüke, but my expectations have shifted. (I'm getting so much better at managing my disappointment.) Lüke, if you ever shape up, I'll call you like that proverbial ex-boyfriend who promises to join the Army and get things together. Accessibility notes: Revolving door at entrance is not automatic. Restaurant gets very loud at peak hours. Back half of restaurant is up several steps. No braille menu or signage.As embarrassing as it is to order a hamburger in New Orleans, do yourself a favor and get down and dirty with a Luke burger.  It is unquestionably the finest hamburger I've ever tasted.  They use a slightly sweet bun, cook a huge hunk of high quality beef to an exquisite, dripping, true medium-rare, ladle on a pile of delicious carmelized onions, garnish with bacon and some Emmenthaler cheese, and kick in some thick-cut tomatoes and leafy lettuce for good measure.  It was huge.  It didn't need any condiments.  And it put me in a blessed state of food coma.Came for happy hour with my son.  We ended up starting with two dozen 50 cent oysters and fries.  The fries were fantastic.  Not crispy and frite-like as I expected but slightly sweet, creamy interior and well seasoned.  Oysters were great, oddly the first couple of dozen didn't have much liquor, but they were clean and not a hit of a bad one.  We ordered another dozen which were swimming in their own juices, briny and even more delicious.  But were were pretty much stuffed to order more.The staff was fantastic.  Very attentive, the waitress couldn't tell me much about the Luke Alt so afterwards came back and asked me about it's hoppiness vs. malt.  (pretty balanced actually).  Got a Mardesous next cold and perfect.All in all, simply couldn't ask for more even though it was just happy hour.  The price was definitely right, the staff was righteous and I will be back.We had reservations for New Years Eve. Dinner and service were amazing. Shrimp and grits are amazing, the grits are the best I've ever had, they cant be beat. My favorite was also the baked oysters. Delicious! I've also gone for happy hour which is such a deal. They shucked our oysters right in front of us and were so nice and welcoming. This is definitely my favorite restaurant in NOLA.We ordered the raw oysters--they were huge, but very bland--and forgettable.  We heard great things about the chef, but can't attest to anything but the oysters.  Pass."Amazing!!! From the soups (tried both) to the oysters, to the bread pudding- perfection."Overall had a good experience.  Being a top chef fanatic it was nice to hit a "celebrity chef" restaurantWe walked in without a reservation on a Saturday night.  Initially told there were no tables for 1-2 hours. Then while discussing where else we were going to go... poof!  They magically found a table.  That was niceI had had a big lunch so didn't order an appetizer (rare for me!)For my entree i had the fish of the day meuniere style. with roasted veggies and spaetzle.  It was satisfying.  Felt like i could get something similar at a million NY restaurants though.  Nothing particularly N'awlins about it.My mother had the roast chicken with veggies and french fries.  The juices from the chicken were soo tasty i kept dipping fries in it.  I guess i liked her dish better than mine!A solid meal...It's our first night in New Orleans, the flight was average, American Airlines sucks. But that won't dampen our spirits, were going to partake in a food orgy over the next several days. I've been researching restaurants over the last few weeks and will begin our journey at Luke. So we start our order for dinner with a few appetizers. Absinthe Frappe - Obsello and Peychaud's bitters over ice, wow that's a strong drink. It's got a licorice taste to it. I gonna stick with vodka from now on. On to the appetizers 1.) Raw oysters (P&J, Komomotos, and locals) delicious and fresh served on a tray of crushed ice. These morsels are sweet and meaty. And with a spicy cocktail sauce delicious. 2.) Mussels steamed were good but on the small size, not as meaty as I would of liked. 3.) Clams steamed in a nice sauce, but again on the small size, barely got the clam taste after one bite and done. 4.) Gumbo that had a rich and flavorful rue, oh that was GOOD... 5.) Assiette de charcuterie, for the less sophisticated a plate of pate, sliced sausage, and other delicious meats. A country bread crispy toasted, and sliced thin like a cracker. Wonderful flavors and textures to the pates. The hogs head cheese was spectacular. And the grainy mustard's and pickles, together on the bread just exploded in your mouth. 6.) Flamenkuche you ask? No this isn't a foul word its a pork belly pizza with sauteed onions and some damn delicious sauce. And it's served on a flat crispy pizza cracker. Oh my god this kicks ASS. Moving on to the salads we start to feel a bit full, but that won't stop us yet. Salad Luke was concocted of bibb lettuce, cucumbers, beets, and a buttermilk dressing. Very tasty and fresh. Roasted beet salad was just that delicious beets with toasted pistachios. I really enjoyed the crunch with the beets, nice offset. Everything we ordered turned out great, and the service was excellent. They times our orders so that we had plenty of room on the table. Very nice and professional. Can't wait to go back and try there entrees.It's one of those places that can make a trip memorable. Came in at 1:45 and had such a great time with great food and excellent cocktails that we didn't leave till 4:30. Greg was a knowledgeable and gracious server who facilitated our party to the fullest extent. John the manager brought us a round of traditional "southern" shots and a trio of delectable desserts rounded out a truly fabulous experience. Will definitely be back!! Go here for a great time you won't regret it.My second trip to New Orleans in less than a year started strong with a lovely dinner at Lüke.  My boyfriend and I had a 7:30 reservation, and were surprised to see a good number of children in the restaurant.  This was by no means a bad thing, though, and reflected on the casual, welcoming atmosphere of the place.  The decor was simple and relaxed, with lots of brown wood and an open kitchen.  We sat right outside of this kitchen and had a great view of the chefs preparing our food.The service was so fabulous it deserves its own paragraph.  Our waitress was a wonderful friendly woman who made conversation without being intrusive and answered our questions with a smile on her face.  She was very attentive, checking in on us regularly throughout our dinner to make sure we were topped off with water and wine.  She also gave us great suggestions on what to order.The food ranged from good to stellar.  The bread was a great start.  It came wrapped in a little towel like a delicious newborn baby, and it was warm and crusty and served with good butter.  We were starving, but still happy to wait for our orders with the help of this bread and a nice bottle of wine, which our waitress helped us select.For our appetizers we got the assiette de charcuterie and the fried oyster, bacon, romaine, and avocado salad.  The charcuterie was really great, a substantial selection of meats served with stone-ground mustard, house-made pickles, and some tasty grilled country bread.  Almost everything on the plate was good.  The a pate of Louisiana rabbit and duck livers that was nice and creamy, with a forward livery flavor that I found rather welcome.  The pate en croute of local veal and pork came was pleasantly meaty and it came with some fantastic watermelon pickles.  My favorite was the rillete of Berkshire pork, which was rich, soft, and salty.  It came with an irresistible savory pear and ginger marmalade.  The one item I did not like was the Badischer presskopf, or hog's head cheese.  I don't think this was Lüke's fault at all.  This was my first experience with head cheese, and I think it may be one of the few things I've tasted to which I have a categorical aversion.  I found the gelatin weird and the idea unappetizing.  The fried oyster salad was very tasty.  It was a filling salad, with a creamy dressing and chopped bacon on top.  The oysters were the star of the show, beautifully fried so that the breading added a nice crunch without disturbing the luscious oysterness within.For our entrees I got the shrimp and grits and my boyfriend got the Lüke burger.  The shrimp and grits - or, the jumbo Louisiana shrimp "en cocotte" with McEwen and Sons cream white corn grits and Poche's andouille - was out of control.  The shrimp was perfectly cooked, and each piece was firm and juicy.  The sauce on top reminded me of the sauce in barbecue shrimp, very butter and dark with some deep heat.  The grits were creamy like a great risotto, with little savory bits of sausage infusing it with flavor.  I don't think shrimp and grits gets any better.  I took a few bites of the Lüke burger, and it was pretty decent, if not deserving of national acclaim.  This came topped with tomatoes, Allan Benton's bacon, caramelized onions, and Emmenthaler cheese.  The meat was good, as were all the individual components, but the burger didn't make my mouth water.  Neither did the side of housemade fries, which was disappointing.  They looked so good in their tall cone, but they were sadly limp.For dessert we ordered Brendan's bread pudding, with vanilla bean ice cream and hot buttered pecan sauce, and the "gateau basque," which was a vanilla cake with strawberries, simple syrup, and creole shrubb.  The bread pudding was good, but not the best in town.  I'd say the souffle at Commander's Palace and the bread pudding with whiskey sauce at Mr. B's were both better.  I liked the pecan sauce, but thought it would've been better with more pecan.  The "gateau basque" was the better dessert, very simple but with great flavor.  It had a really good crumb, too, like a cross between that of cake and cornbread, and the syrup moistened it up to great effect.Our dinner at Lüke was a delightful experience, with warm service and some lip-smacking food - our waitress got a good tip and those shrimp and grits will be my standard for years to come.  If this restaurant were in my neighborhood I'd use it as a default for a nice but casual weekend dinner.  I also liked that the food was very New Orleans at heart, and I would recommend Lüke to locals and tourists alike.Love the old-school, modern yet vintage charm of this place, and the seafood-heavy menu!! Great food, great service...and the best Southern shrimp and grits we've ever had!!!  My mouth is watering just thinking about it!!The service was terrible. The waiter brought our food and never came back to check in us. The oysters were terrible. They were not shucked to order. We told the waiter and he said that happens when it's busy. We told the manager who apologized and took them off our bill. I will never eat there again!Food was good but the service was off. Bread wasn't served until after we finished with our salads, although the beet salad was very good. And for dessert we watched our tasty ice cream melt on our bread pudding while waiting for utensils to eat with.If they worked out the service issues it would be a four star. Also the place is noisy so not easy to carry on a conversation.This place deserves more than 5 stars! Definitely one if my favorite restaurants in the world! It never disappoints. Consistently blows me away every time. I had the Flamenkuche for appetizer. Was big enough to be my meal, but I reluctantly shared. It's a crunchy thin crust that has sauerkraut, cheese, and pork belly on top. Absolute gluttony! I ordered the Gulf Fish of the day. Unbelievable. Lightly breaded and perfect moist. Was drinking a blueberry and basil concoction. Not too sweet, not too strong. Don't overlook this place when visiting NOLA. The place is cute, too.Luke has become one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans after spending six months here. First of all, it's a John Besh restaurant, and I have grown to love his food in this city. I started off giving Luke four stars in my head, but knowing that I would be going back fairly regularly, I decided to hold off on the review and wait until I had more experiences to rate. I've been here at least 5 times, and I have 3 more weeks to add to that number. My favorite thing to do is go for their Happy Hour, which is a little known gem. Between the hours of 3p-6p daily, they have the best $.25 oysters. You just have to order them by 6pm, and you'll probably wait quite a while before they arrive on your table. It's worth the wait, because these are the best value you'll find in all of town. Share some oysters and the appetizers (rabbit and goose livers, the flamenkuche, foie gras terrine). As for the entrees, depending on your mood, I would recommend the cochon de lait or the croque monsieur if you want a sandwich or the shrimp grits if you want southern comfort food. One of the daily dinner specials is a pork dish over andoille cornbread stuffing. I don't know about the pork, but the cornbread can be ordered as a side (if it's the right day) and it's really, really good. The great thing about this place is how laid back and chill it is. The service is usually spot on too. Last tip, so you don't say I just repeated other reviews: My friends and I figured out how to make the sandwiches EVEN better. Ready? Take the pate and spread it in the cochon de lait. OMG it is sooo good. We told the waiter to recommend that to John Besh, but we're not sure if the message ever got there. If you're reading, Chef, try it!Here's Johnnyyyyy!Seriously, the man is everywhere in the public eye these days, not just in New Orleans but nationally. Restaurant August is a religious experience for many, and while that's all well and good, I wanted to see if chef Besh's skill was matched by his range. Luke (no I'm not typing the superfluous umlaut) is often spoken of as the low brow foil to August, and a glance at the menu would seem to confirm that, provided you know your French well enough that "en cocotte" comes off as a fancy way of saying baked in a ramekin. The luxury inherently associated with anything French is then more of a charade than anything else.  Would the atmosphere therefore be as proletariat as the menu positioned itself to be?Unsurprisingly, yes and no. Walking in, I was stunned at just how brotastic it felt. Though not sportsbar loud, it was quite lively. Corporate types in the midst of their midlife crises slurped down freshly shucked oysters with abandon. Amicable chatter flowed down the length of the bar, while families with children either cowered in corners or screamed at their precious little houligans. Before I'm written off as either a stuffy old man or some sort of codger, I should point out that I'm twenty-two years old, and I'm not counting this sort of atmosphere as a detraction from the restaurant. It wasn't what I expected, but it wasn't entirely unpleasant for that. That's not to say this matched the ambiance of a typical New Orleans local hangout, and I don't believe that is how one would describe Luke. The gift and curse of being located in a hotel means an ever changing clientele. This largely explains the eclectic assortment of diners, and the clashing within those segments. Normally a loud atmosphere is associated with joviality, but at Luke, it was simply a function of various groups talking over each other.Having on good authority that the food was going to be excellent, I was ready to call this review Luke, the tragic hero of the philistines, that is, until we were finally seated. As our hostess whisked us past the bar, we came in sight of the true heart of Luke; its second dining room. With warm lighting, appropriately spaced tables, and an open view into the kitchen, it oozed elegant and self assured sensibility. But really, should you have expected anything different? After all, how cozy and unpretentious can a location on the 300 block of St. Charles really be? This ultimately confirmed my suspicions that Luke must have retained some trappings of its plush surroundings and the regal nature of its preceding restaurant. Having yet again experienced the dichotomy of the restaurant, on the one hand avowing accessibility while on the other maintaining illusions of French grandeur, I became even more curious about the food.Luckily, the food, in most ways, never disappointed. Besh truly is at his best infusing Creole classics with his Western European training. The food was comforting enough to feel familiar, but refined enough for one to discover unique touches and ingredients throughout the meal. My only complaint is a bit nitpicky. In a menu touting all of the house-made and house-cured meats available, I find it odd that the bacon is not given the same treatment, and is instead sourced from elsewhere. This is not to say that Allen Benton's bacon is bad; indeed, far from it. It just seems to be somewhat an admission of laziness on the part of the restaurant not to make their own.All in all, Luke makes a worthy attempt at championing itself as a place where anyone can go for unpretentious food and professional service. Closet foodies will appreciate the secretly (sometimes not so secretly) pretentious food, while everyone else will like the lack of affectation.The prix fixe is positively affordable, and the pricey cocktails are matched by a robust and inexpensive tap selection. For this, it deserves our praise, not anti Besh backlash. Why only four stars then? Because you screwed up my Sazerac, Johnny.I've always wanted to come here, especially since I always bypass this on my way home from the gym. Though we had to get this lunch to go since we ran out of time waiting for it (it was a bad idea coming here on a Friday, the first one of Lent), the bread was really good and the waitress was really great despite her having to bus a lot more tables than probably the norm. Had the Friday special - redfish 'court-bouillon' with crab, shrimp, oysters, and rice - they gave me two huge, fresh oysters and the crab and shrimp were really fresh too. I wish I ate it when it was hot, but it was still good!Just an overall fun experience, bustling.Of the fine dining restaurants in Nola, this is my favorite.  I would stop short of saying it's the absolute best food in town, but I like the combination of good food, interesting menu, and comfortable atmosphere.  The service is usually good too.  The cold seafood is always great, as are the fries and bisque.  I generally get the ribeye, which is not the best steak I've ever had, but combined with the frites and homeade steak sauce, its pretty damn good.Okay, this was my favorite restaurant that we visited in NOLA.  We tried several including Mr. B's, EAT, Acme (Ugh), Cochon and American Sector.  I loved Luke!  It isn't as fancy as Mr. B's, but the food was the best.  The oysters were fantastic--fresh and sweet and cold!  I loved that it was just a very relaxing place to be with great service and all the food we tried was awesome.  I had the best dessert I've ever had here.  A very rich vanilla cake (almost like a pound cake) with a bourbon berry sauce and whipped cream.  So good!  If I ever come back, I'm definitely coming back to Luke.First meal in New Orleans. I had the $15 lunch special, a seafood stew (with oyster meat, crab claws, shrimp, and redfish) that came with a surprisingly thoughtful salad. Yeah, it's weird: I'm not even a fan of seafood and, to be honest, I wasn't even really that hungry. Still, before I knew what I was doing I had wolfed down the entire thing. The spice, consistency, tenderness of the meat -- all was precisely just right. Well worth your while.OMG, i knew this was going to be due to all the revies on yelp but i was a bit afraid i might be let down, bt NO IT DIDNT.  OMG $6 bucks for 1 dozen oysters (happy hr), u cant lose with this and it was great!!  The drinks were strong and good, i got the luke hamburger, it was def one of the best hamburger ever, well worth the 16 bucks for a burger :)This place is the f'in bomb. Went here with my friends while traveling in New Orleans. $0.50/oyster for happy hours 3pm-6pm. 50 cents to New Orleans locals sucks since they are used to 25 or 10 cents, but someone from NY/PHL/DC? 50 cents is awesome! And they were juicy and plump. Service was amazing. All servers are in white-jackets, akin to the Palm restaurant style - very classy. Very relaxing atmosphere. If I ever go back to New Orleans, I am going back to Luke.A friend on Facebook recommended this place to us and I'm glad he did.  When my companion heard that this was a John Besh restaurant, she insisted we go at once.  I'd never heard of the guy.  I guess he's some former marine cook from the Food Network or something.  Either way, it was a good choice.  My companion was drooling over the guy and his blonde haired marine muscles from the minute we arrived.We arrived about 9:30ish and the restaurant was packed.  The waiting list was 45 minutes long, so we sat at the bar.  The menu and decor at Lüke is classic brasserie, right down (or up, as the case may be) to the pressed tin ceiling and ancient belt driven fan system that hovers above the dining room.  All they need to do is throw down some Beirut on the hi-fi and it would be easy to feel like we were having dinner someplace in Alsace or Lorraine on the eve of World-War I, our motorcycle with rumble seat parked out front.  As far as the crowd was concerned, it was all-inclusive.  There was an amusing "Lon-Gisland" style couple next to us (inappropriate facial piercings, excessive jewelry, spiky hair, too tight, overly decorated T-shirts, etc.) who were a trip to observe.  The male was somewhat dull, sticking to vodka and cranberry and ever-so-hesitatingly trying the delicacies his female companion knowledgeably ordered.  She was amazing.  She dug into their pate order with enthusiasm (I pictured her licking out the inside of the little jar it came in, so eager was she to get at it) and she threw back absinthe and oysters with great gusto.  I always find that kind of joie de vivre impressive.  The bartender indicated that they were regulars.   They looked like they'd just come off the beach while other people were in jackets - definitely a casual atmosphere.Being at the bar, our first mission was drinks.  Lüke has an extensive beer list, including three house beers produced for it by an outside brewery.  I've been into IPA's as of late and though they had some Stone Brewery IPAs available, chose to stay local with the Lüke Export, a hoppy pilsner.  It was good and just bitter enough to keep my attention for another two draughts.  My companion stuck with wine, though upon admitting that she had never had absinthe, I insisted she give it a try.  The bartender was great in bringing down three different bottles for her review, choosing one he felt appropriate for the novice (Clandestine La Bleue) and explaining to us the difference in color and reaction to water in the Clandestine he poured for us and the other absinthe he poured for Miss "Lon-Gisland".  To begin, I had the fried oyster, bacon, romaine, and avocado salad.  It was nice - the oysters were crispy on the outside, tender on the inside and didn't reduce the lettuce to a wilted mess.  The avocado was perfectly ripe and the thick cut bacon, while sparse and a bit too chewy, was an overall good contrast in taste and texture to the other ingredients.  The dressing, a cracked pepper and lightly mustardy vinaigrette, was limited to the lettuce, allowing the other flavors and textures to come through.  My companion had the roast beet salad, which she appeared to enjoy. My main course was the croque madame with pomme frites.  The croque family is like my second favorite variety of sammich after the monte christo (which is really just another version of the croque anyway), so I was excited.  My companion had the pressed sandwich of whole roast "cochon de lait", also with fries.  The sammiches were brought out on little wood cutting boards with very expensive cutlery (laguiole steak knives - $200 for a set of four at your better kitchenware stores) and the fries were thin cut and served in paper cones in metal wire stands like they do over there in that France country.  My croque was quite good and perfectly moist.  I've often had croques that are doused with béchamel sauce to help cut the dryness acquired after a day behind a case.  Not here.  The fried egg on top was perfect, the yolk cooked to just the right degree of thickness.  My companion marveled over her cochon de lait, describing it as pork wrapped in more pork.  It was perfect - sweet, tender, and not too salty.  For dessert, we split the gateau basque, a vanilla cake with strawberries, a touch of simple syrup and creole shrubb (an orange liqueur), and a dollop of cream.  My companion, a notorious alcoholic, quaffed some sparkling wine with the cake to help rouse the flavor of the strawberries (I stuck with coffee - only ever ordered after a very satisfying meal).  The cake was just on the right side of being just right, if you can pick up what I'm laying down.  It was very dense, slightly moist, with an outstanding crust.  I would have increased the syrup and strawberries just a tad, but overall it was delicious.    I will eagerly eat here again when I return to New Orleans in the future.  For a city that's lousy with Creole/Cajun restaurants, Lüke is a nice break and a real stand-out.Best place for oysters in New Orleans! During happy hours, you can have 12 oysters for 6 dollars! And a mint julep for 4,5 dollars! Nice atmosphere too!!wow, very unexpected but oh so awesome.  I had the rabbit and chicken liver pate (perfection) and a croque madame.  Hubby had the crab bisque and a gigantic plate of pork shank, sauerkraut and sausage.  Perfect for a cool Dec evening, wonderful comfort food.  Service was fantastic, despite a couple big tables that were throwing things off, there were other folks filling the gaps for our server, making it seamless for us.  For sure we'll be back, thinking will try for breakfast.Truly a sad experience that left me wanting....After being in a conference all day myself and 10 others went to Luke's to unwind and have dinner. Sadly one lady at our table received a cocktail with a baby fly who decided to do the back stroke in her drink (Why didn't the waiter look at her drink before serving it? Who knows?), our table waited two hours and thirty minutes, yes 2 and 1/2 hours to receive our meal and when the meal was presented three people received a cold platter of shrimp and grits and my burger was well done, not medium rare liked I requested. Overall, the service was so bad that the manager gave all 11 of us complimentary entries. I felt really sorry for our waitress because she had an opportunity to really make a great tip; nevertheless, it is what it is. I am sure Luke's is a great place to dine. Unfortunately, my first experience left me disappointed and desiring a better dining experience.Very nice.  I ordered a hamburger with no tomato and when it came with the tomato on it, the maître d' was there in a heart beat and offered free wine for the error.  Came back later to apologize again.  Absolutely superior service.  BTW,  food'a really great too!Came here so the Yibbie could get her oyster fix even if they were out of season by a bit     The Happy Hour special was a bargain and was shocked in a good way when the check came considering how many oysters she had and how many beers I drankGood food but great service! Seated in the back upstairs corner table, managers checked in often. By Linh was the best server on the planet!!Located at a hotel, it can't hold a lot of people. Had the seafood gumbo soup which was pretty good. Had the Shrimp as the main course which was done right and seemed to be fresh. The server was nice and explained most of the food to us. A group of 4 would be just right, anything larger would probably require a reservation. Just 5 minutes from Bourbon Street and not that far from the antique shops.This is purely based on the bread pudding because thats all I had while here.It was my last stop before my ride to the airport, so in essence the absolute last bite of food I put in my mouth before departing the great mecca of culinary deliciousness known simply as "NOLA".I sat at the bar and honestly, after eating like a complete ANIMAL for 8 days and just having a decadent meal at Willie Mae's and a few beignets at Cafe du Monde my belly was ready to tap out. However, it was on my list of things I HAD to try before leaving. After reading the reviews of the bread pudding and seeing the pictures I was still psyched even though I was so utterly and probably more so disgustingly full.But yes, I soldiered on. And what a masterpiece it was. Arriving it its own cast iron staub pot, piping hot and served in a pool of a whiskey caramel rum sauce. A heaping scoop of vanilla ice cream melting on top (EAT THIS ONE FAST!), and some huge Louisiana pecans dispersed throughout for sure. No joke, I got through half of this in about 20 seconds flat before reminding myself to slow down and enjoy it. I could see the rest of the people in the bar staring at me with envy. They were surely reading my facial expression to see how much I was enjoying it.What a fantastic dessert, Or maybe even a breakfast. Or maybe you can have three and call it breakfast, lunch, and dinner. In a trip that included lots of bread pudding, this one was among the best... and best I've ever had. Great way to end a great trip of gluttonous, delicious feasting!!!!!The happy hour here is fantastic! Great drinks and oysters!!!Recommended to us by a local. We came for the happy hour: 50 cent oysters and  half price drinks  made us quite happy. I asked for coffee and got a full carafe of terrific coffee. The service was great and the atmosphere was inviting. Attractively designed. One of my favorites on a recent trip.During my visit to New Orleans, this was by far my favorite restaurant. After many misses due to recommendations from our hotel concierge, we came upon Luke, and returned everyday for the remainder of our trip. Their burger is by far one of the best I have ever had, and their bartenders really know what they are doing, they serve wonderful drinks, specifically the French 75, we have been to many bars after this and nobody has been able to make this drink as well as Luke.  I will definately return the next time I am in town.Excellent oysters and pâté app was fabulousFive stars because we actually could have eaten here 2 nights in a row and that's not too common for us.I couldn't decide what my first taste of NOLA should be, toss up btwn the étouffée and the shrimp and grits. At the same time, upon entering, they had fresh king crab legs! And there was an amazing jagerschitzel which I knew my husband would be getting. I went with Shrimp & Grits because they are really the best grits, so I wanted to taste great grits.I started with a Jambalaya too so as to know what theirs was like. Is was Ina "dirty broth" of everything crustacean- tasted like the ocean. Very delicious and warming in a spice kind a way.Everyone raves about the burger too, saw it and it looked great. So many choices! But I came to eat what I can't get in California.My kids had the most perfect chicken strips that tasted amazing and cheesy noodles that tasted amazing too,My shrimp & grits were out of this world! I could eat those grits all day long! You'll eat them nodding your head with understanding how delicious they really are!The schnitzel was "off the hook" crumbled bacon on top and sitting on the spaetzel that was cooked in smoked bacon, it was bacon overload but in a delicious OMG way. There were also some mushrooms..blanking on the kind, the brown stalky slender ones. So good!Great great food.Portions were good too that we could enjoy the desserts! We usually don't order but def. Don't miss the bread puddings/ vanilla ice-cream  and the vanilla cake w/ creme fraiche and blueberries!! Magnificent meal indeed!We went here for lunch right after getting off the plane from DC and checking into the JW Marriott. I had the crab sandwich which I did not know would be a whole soft shell crabed in there. I thought it was going to be like crab meat BLT sandwich so that was a little surpriseing. We both got the gumbo which we loved. Hubby got the lunch plate with the 3 sausages and he ranted and raved about them the whole trip. I thought the little diet coke in the glass bottle was too cute! We are used to seeing little glass classic coke, but not diet coke.The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly.  here is the lowdown, on my wife and my experience.  Good:  made last minute reservations,at 8pm, on a whim and within 15 minutes of a phone call and short walk from our hotel, we sat at our table.  Bad:  It then took about 15 minutes for anyone to come offer drinks and or answer questions about the menu.  Once our waiter came, he was nice enough, but interestingly honest, when we asked him about the menu.  Very informative about the homemade, fresh, local food.  They raise there own pigs and veggies and whatnot. I was looking to do the brisket special, but was told that was a bad choice, as per my waiter that, and a few other items were subpar.  He recommended the burger(made with ground beef and brisket), due to its national acclaim.  So I went with the burger, my wife the crab ravioli, homemade pasta.  Ugly turned Good:  I ordered  a absinthe suisse, (once again the waiter warned against, stating that it was quite bad, but i figured i would give it a go anyway)... should have listened. two words, Nas-Ty.  He asked how I liked it, I was polite, but honest, and he said no worries, we will get you something else, no extra charge.  next drink much better.  Well now comes the finale, I wish it were grand but it was a mixture of G,B & U.  We did not get our food for about an hour and 15 minutes, keep in mind i we ordered pasta and a burger, not quite a time consuming ordeal.  Was it worth the wait, yes!.... and no.  When our waiter checked on our food that was just brought out, he asked if the fries were warm enough, prompting that he knew they were most likely not. (now he didnt straight out say sorry about the wait, food was done for a while and sitting under the heaters, but his comment and the LUKE warm fries and burger, surely did.)I ordered my burger medium rare, but got medium, medium well. I would agree that it is one of the best burgers that I have eaten, and I am a burger fancier, but the interesting thing was my favorite part was the bacon, interestingly enough, when i commented on the bacons excellence to my waiter, he straight out told me that it was brought in, and not part of the pork they raise.  once again great honesty, great bacon, good job finding that amazing melt in your mouth flavor, but kinda funny since his main selling point was the interconnectedness with all the ingredients.  Ate a few fries, cold, so-so, let them be.  Now my wife's crab ravioli was pretty darn good, fresh, tasty, and a bit of spice, helping to tame down the sauciness.  perfect blend of yum.  the only thing that could have made this dish better would have been for it not to have mass quantities of crab shell in it.  I understand stuff happens, but would not expect to see it in a quality restaurant. Im not perfect, and i understand things like that happen, like i said I would have preferred it didnt and would have bumped up the star rating a notch had it not. but in one of the bites I had of my wifes plate, I had a shell the size of my fingernail.  Lame.  Had I swallowed that it probably would have hurt quite a bit going down. So there you have it, a mixture of good and bad service, good information and introduction, bad follow through on service and time management.  Good food, so close to Great that it is sad that the few Ugly shells from uncouth preparation destroyed what obvious potential this meal has.I give this place 4.75 stars. Why you ask? This place has great food, great decor, and reasonable prices for a quality restaurant. However, it does lose a quarter of a star because I saw some less than spectacular service/performance going on. This place is split up into two sections, a back area and a front area. The front area has the bar and a few tables, the back area has the open kitchen where you can watch the chefs cook and where you can have bigger parties sit.I came here the first time for dinner; my friends were going to Restaurant August and I didn't have that kinda cash, so I settled for another of Besh's Restaurants, which is how I ended up here. At $22 plus or minus a plate, I would not call this place cheap, but it is a discount compared to the alternative. I ordered the Jumbo Shrimp En Coccotte. It was 5 or 6 shrimps served on top of creamy grits in a cast iron skillet. The flavors were absolutely amazing, very savory and complimented the grits. I also tried the creme brulee and the Galette aux fraise t for dessert, both were very tasty. The creme brulee had fresh fruit and was excellently done. The Galette was like a strawberry danish with a scoop of ice cream. Good but not amazing. Before we left, one of the busboys, who kinda reminds me of Kenneth from 30 rock, recommended that we try the pancakes for brunch. He told us they were delicious, but could not tell us why. We took his advice anyways and came back for brunch. We ordered a stack of Mimi's pancakes (comes with 6 pancakes) and a side of home fries. The pancakes were some of the best I have ever had, unfortunately I cannot explain why. They are just good. The home fries came with onions and Allan Benton's bacon. This was the first time I had ever had Benton's bacon, and it was just soo good that I had to order some to go. Both times I came here, the food was absolutely delicious.The only down side to my experience was a couple of servers. Our server was Chris, and he seemed like he just did not care very much. He did the bare minimum to be our server including checking in on us, and refilling drinks. When asked about the shrimps, he just said they were good (which to his credit they were), but he did not describe them in any sense. You would think a waiter would know what they are serving. I also saw another server eating a handful of fries, from his hand, while working, and in sight of the customers. That just seems like something that would be frowned upon wherever you go. And that is where the half a star went. The other servers and staff members were very nice and helpful.Overall, very good food, helpful staff and I will visit here again when I get a chance.Happy Hour from 3-6 offers 50 cent oysters, which are super fresh & delicious, as well as 50% off cocktails, which are also quite tasty. The gumbo was amazing! Great food & atmosphere, an absolute must go.WOW!!! I dug this!!!! Went there for lunch today & got their Thursday lunch special (veil roast, vege's & gumbo) EVERYTHING was VERY TASTY!!! dug dug DUG the GUMBO!!! So good!! & really really enjoyed the veil - so tasty & it was really just the perfect amount for a lunch!! the vege's were nice - green & yellow squash, grape tomatoes cooked perfect - not cooked to death & not seasoned to death either!! oh there was something underneath the veil ?? I don't know what it was ?fried potato pancake?? I don't know - don't care - it was YUMMY!! Service was fab! friendly!! I really enjoyed it!Dude, happy hour at Luke was excellent. Half price on excellent cocktails - I tried the Cypress and the Riverbend - and  cheap oysters. We also got the shrimp and grits and the flamenkuche, which was a crisp bread covered in creamy cheese and onions. Our Swiss-German coworker said it wasn't as good as her mom's, but what ever is? Definitely a good place for a nosh.I was really excited to try Lüke when we were in New Orleans and was sadly disappointed. I was extremely excited when I saw Jaeger Schnitzel on the menu; I haven't had good Jaeger Schnitzel since the last time I was in Germany. When my meal came out it was schnitzel on a bed of lettuce and tomato slices. Umm, interesting. I told them that I was really looking forward to having some jaeger sauce and they told me that they would whip something up for me. I was happy about that and thought that our waiter was extremely friendly about it. But...when the sauce came out it was some kind of EXTREMELY salty sauce with a bacon flavor to it, not the creamy mushroom sauce that I was thinking that it was going to be. My husband's friend ordered a burger medium-rare and it came out well done, so he had to send it back. I feel bad because I try not to be one of those picky, awful customers that you hear horror stories about, but our meals were not what we had ordered. I'm only giving it two stars because the staff was so nice about everything and the manager came out to apologize about the mix-up, otherwise I'd give it one star.So, brunch in a touristy friendly place can be a very painful experience, in that you will be cooling your heels on a sidewalk in the hot sun for 40 minutes with nothing to drink or eat. This is often why i avoid the brunch, Im too hungover and hungry in the morning to deal.This is why LUKE was such a revelation. It's part of the Hilton I think, or some not so great hotel, which automatically keeps away the restaurant purists. This means 10 of us were able to walk in at noon on Saturday and get a great table. It was neat because we have views right into the kitchen, through these huge glass windows, so it was really fun for a foodie like me to watch.The Bloody Mary's were phenomenal; spicy, peppery, nice and strong. Hot damn. We get 2 dozen oysters, and they came with a great horseradish and cocktail sauce' I just loved them. My entree was the shrimp and grits, served with poached eggs. OMG this was absolutely worth it. There were vegetables in the mix too. this is the pinnacle stick-to-your-ribs NOLA type meal and I couldn't get enough. It was reasonably priced too at $14.95.I cannot believe I am giving a restaurant one star, but here it is. We were visiting Nola for the holidays, and got a recommendation for Luke from our concierge. This is the unfortunate story of our dinner there.First, we had reservations, and were seated promptly. Our server took a few minutes to get to us, but ok - they were full. No problem. We ordered drinks, then he ducked away as we were going to ask questions about the menu. Ok, again, it was busy. The drinks arrived promptly, and we got water, and were able to ask a few questions about the menu, which is honestly pretty poorly explained. For example, the menu lists an item called "shrimp en cocotte" - we asked what that meant, and he didn't answer - just repeated what the menu said. We ordered said shrimp dish, and I ordered the "entrecote" (ribeye), and a bowl of soup. The soup came immediately, Matzo ball chicken, and it was great -  peppery, not too salty, nice texture to the Matzo ball. So far, so good.At this point, looking around, I realized that our server had all the tables in the front two thirds of the place. He was running his butt off, admittedly, but virtually no one else was helping him out. There were a couple of  food runners, but they were only coming out of the kitchen to bring food to tables - nothing else.So then our entrees arrive. My steak looked delicious, but there were no fries. And clearly, the dish is "entrecote and frites" on the menu. The food runner disappeared so fast, though, that he didn't hear me calling after him. I also had only the butter knife, and try though I might, it didn't get through the steak well. My guy started in on his shrimp right away, and it was great. Shrimp were tender, perfectly cooked, and the grits were phenomenal. It was literally three or four minutes before ANY server, of any variety, passed anywhere near our table, and I could ask for fries and a steak knife. I did get both, at last, and the fries were tasty, but not freshly cooked. For a $25 entree, you have got to be kidding me. The steak was very flavorful, though, and prepared medium rare as requested.And this is when it got bad. I can forgive errors in the kitchen, or a food runner bringing out the wrong thing. But we sat for over 20 minutes after we had finished our dishes, napkins on the plates, empty water glasses too, without seeing our server. Or actually, we saw him plenty. He was hustling, even took the orders of tables right next to us, and pointedly avoided looking at our table so he wouldn't have to deal with our empty dishes and need for further service. All the time waiting, with nothing to eat or drink, gave me the opportunity to look around. At some point, I noticed that the tables in the front third of the restaurant had bread rolls and butter, but NONE of the tables in the second third (where we were seated) did. Odd. Maybe bread rolls are only provided to half of the patrons. I never figured it out, but literally the whole time we were there, all five tables that I could see in our section didn't get bread. But I saw it being taken to the front tables. Finally, finally, the guy came over and apologized for neglecting us, and actually said he had been stuck with a table. Only, he hadn't, because I had been watching him for the past 15 minutes. Yes, our server was moving, but the place was ridiculously understaffed. Except for the three, yes THREE, hosts who they had on duty. What restaurant needs three hosts? It was so frustrating to see them literally standing around doing nothing while things were not getting done in the restaurant. Anyway, no matter how good the food is, terrible service ruins a meal. I really had been looking forward to dessert, but there was no way I was giving them more of my money, or spending more time there. This place is so horribly mismanaged that no one should waste there money there, even if the chef is a James Beard award winner. He clearly has nothing to do with this place anymore. And yes, we still tipped over 15%. We just can't ever short-change someone in the service industry. But this place does not deserve your money. Don't go.It's okay.  Kind of cold and not very welcoming.Loud!  no soft surfaces to absorb noise.The burger that everyone loves was really nothing special.Hey, I'm allergic to onions (yeah, that stinks) so they bring me a burger without the grilled onions BUT IT WAS ON AN ONION ROLL!!!Maybe they were trying to kill me....anyway, I wouldn't go out of my way to eat at Luke.no matter how they spell it.We ate at Luke on New Years Eve night. We had our own private room to accommodate all 15 of us. We started with some excellent appetizers that included pate foie gras and raw oysters. I had the mussels for my main course and they were cooked perfectly but needed just a little more flavor. My friends swordfish was incredibly savory. We finished the meal with a creme brule and some champagne which we later took to the roof to enjoy the fireworks. Service was good, however, the waitress incorrecly wrote down someones order but took no responsibilty for it when the wrong food came. She instead said my friend told her incorrectly what he wanted. Other than that small incident I was very impressed with everything else.The happiest moment of my New Orleans visit may have been when the waiter informed me that french fries came with my omelette... I had been having a strange craving for french fries for days! Ok well maybe not the happiest moment... But I was pretty happy.    Omelette was ok, french fries were amazing.  Everything we ordered was good, not great.  Wait staff was very friendly and accommodating.  Was not compelled to return during the rest of my visit.We reserved a table in the back for a party of 12 or so. Had a great time, great service and as a group we pretty much sampled the whole menu.  Everything from the oysters to to steak fritters was wonderful and the service kept the food and drinks coming!  I highly recommend for groups and romantic dinners.We went here for dinner on Christmas Day - what an excellent experience - a carnivore's dream!  The food is inventive without being off-putting and the atmosphere is classy and friendly. Plan to ask for extra toast points if you get the foie gras.ate here for my birthday  with my family which included my 3 year old niece and 5 year old nephew. we wanted some place affordable but nice. the place was affordable yes nice not really. for a place that has an expensive frutti di mare on the menu. i would have expected it to look more upscale like his other restaurants. i had the famous burger my sis had the shrimp and grits and my niece and nephew chicken tenders. my burger was good but not the best ive had. my sis shrimp was good but the grits were too dense for my taste.i may be back perhaps for brunch.Really, really yummyActually, the service was so fast that we had to slow them down (which they were happy to do). Very good French 75 to start, delicious baked oysters, excellent gumbo, grits and shrimp with great sauce on it and bread pudding with ice cream  for dessert.  WOW  great. The atmosphere is lively... Nothing quiet or stuffy about it.  Not romantic...just great!Went here for our first dinner in the Crescent City. Soooo glad we avoided the tourist traps of the Quarter!!! A W E S O M E food!!! We had the oysters and drinks for happy hour and the rib with crab meat and shrimp w grits for our meal. Both were fantabulous!!! I repeat, stay out of the quarter for food!!!Like a lot of the other reviewers, we went for Happy Hour, twice during our 3-day trip. The have the BEST gumbo in the business!Get here if you can. Delicious food, pretty good service, in a loud atmosphere. Dessert is a must!!My husband is obsessed with the floor in this restaurant, to the point in which he wants to design our kitchen floor after it.  We go to Luke every time we head downtown for the evening...white linen night, Julia Jump, Wednesdays at the Square, etc.  We love that you can just pop in and get a great table with good food.  The decor is very manly (again my husband wants to design our kitchen just like it!) but the food is very non-gender-specific.  My good friend loves the mussels .  I usually get the burger and my husband usually gets the sausage and slaw.  The fries are the best part.  Thick shoelace potato fries, fried in duck fat and served in a cup.  Can't be beat.  We almost had our rehearsal dinner here.  The staff is friendly and willing to answer any questions or concerns you may have.  Only downside...parking.First stop on our trip to New Orleans and it was delicious! My girlfriend was set on going to a great restaurant in town and picked this one and I'm very glad she did. We both had delicious appetizers and meals and, though a little pricier than what we're used to, it was worth it. She had the gumbo and I had the crab bisque for apps, then enjoyed shrimp and grits and the ribeye and fries for meals, all which were great. Our desserts were ok, not as memorable, though. Would certainly return and recommend!I went there for the breakfast bar, but was blown away by the individual breakfast item choices on the menu. The food is incredible and the service is excellent.Coffee was quite good. The French country decor was cool. however,  limited menu, sausage a little sweet, service a tad slow even when the place was not that busy.My second time to eat breakfast at Luke this morning, and each time it gets better!  The first time I went, I had the traditional Southern Breakfast...bacon, eggs, blah, blah.  It was good, but not something you couldn't get at your local Denny's.  This time, I opted for the local favorite, Grillades and Grits.  For those that don't know, Grillades are slow cooked pieces of meat with vegetables served over grits.  The meat can be beef, veal, or port--at Luke they use pork shoulder.  I accepted the upsell of two poached eggs for $5 added to the already hefty portion of grillades and grits I knew was coming.  The grillades were crisp on the outside and tender on the inside and perfectly seasoned.  The vegetables and sauce they were bathed in were reach and creamy, and balanced well with the thick grits they were piled on top of.  The eggs didn't do anything for the dish in my opinion, except for that they looked nice on either side of the cast iron dish they were served on.All in all, the dish was great.  I have had better grillades (try Coulis on Prytania) and for less money ($18 at Luke), but these definitely made my top 3 in taste.  The price is what I have the biggest problem with--traditionally in Louisiana, this is a hearty breakfast dish made with inexpensive, leftover cuts of tough meat, served over grits, which are also traditionally inexpensive.  By adding two poached eggs (which were quite overcooked), the dish before tax, tip, and beverage comes to $23.  I doubt any Cajuns had this price point in mind when they came up with this dish back in the day!Luke's service has been consistently good over my last two visits.  The Franco-German look and feel to the restaurant was quite well done.  I will return to Luke in the near future to try their lunch and dinner dishes.  They were stocking the seafood bar as we left this morning, so I may have to check out their oysters and mussels on a future visit as well.I really liked the decor and feel of this place.   It had a lot of character and charm.  I was unaware of this restaurant's fame when coming here.  Apparently it is on tourist's to-do list when they come to New Orleans.  Honestly, nothing on the menu really appealed to me.  Mussels, duck, shrimp and crab are not my cup of tea. I decided to be safe and go with the grilled ham and cheese sandwich.  It wasn't a traditional grilled cheese sandwich.  It was smothered in a creamy cheese sauce and was quite good. My husband had the handmade sausages.  He was not too thrilled with them.  He claimed they were very dense and barely finish his meal.  Overall, it was a nice experience.I was in New Orleans for three days for the labor day weekend 2011 and I had food at Luke on all three days. Best Etouffe I have ever had. Service was exceptional. The oysters are half price at happy hour and my wife and I had about 60 of them. The grits are simply awesome. John Besh really knows how to create recipes. I am a fan.Got the matzo ball soup. The broth was absolutely mind blowing and the matzo balls were fresh and delicious. I would definitely recommend this dish and restaurant again.My friend got the roast chicken and thought it was awesome.The customer service was excellent as well.So, I almost want to give this place 3 stars because they serve wine in cups, not wine glasses.  This is not an Italian restaruant with a cheap house chianti, yet they serve all their wine in little juice glasses- everything from rose to red.  That bugs.  They do have a great burger though.  And their bread pudding is pretty good also.  I did have a terrible dessert that I sent back once, also.  Choose wisely.Delicious bewilderment.  That's the best way to describe this experience.  I didn't know food could taste this could or make me so giddy.  My friends and I would like to give a special shout-out to Cochon Restaurant for being closed on Sundays-- we never would have discovered Luke otherwise.  The 5 of us ordered up a total feast.  And everything was not only delicious, but otherworldly.  The meal hands down blew anything I've ever eaten out of the water, and I've been to some 3 star michelin restaurants.  APPETIZERS: We started out with a dozen gulf shrimp and a dozen clams on the half shell.  I was a bit confused why the restaurant refused to serve the clams raw, but cooking, then chilling certainly worked (though personally, I still prefer raw).  The shrimp were AMAZING.  Huge prawns, seasoned like crawfish, firm meat (very fresh).  The platter came with cocktail sauce and remoulade.  The remoulade was superb.  Never had better.  Next, we had Louisiana rabbit and duck liver pate with a variety of sauces (honey mustard, fennel relish, pickled watermelon rinds, sweet peppers).  Creamy, rich, and yet still light.  The portion was a lot larger than I expected.  They could definitely have served half as much at 3/4 the price, and I would actually have been happier.  We also got seafood gumbo and shrimp bisque.  The shrimp bisque was perfect, but for me the seafood gumbo was the only miss of the meal.  There was nothing bad about it, but it was very forgettable in an otherwise unforgettable meal.  Finally, we had flamenkuche (basically, caramelized onions, bacon, and cheese on a flatbread).  Together, the ingredients don't sound all that extraordinary, but the way Chef Besh marries the flavor... total delight.  We were ooing and ahhing through that whole dish.  Either Besh sources grrrrreat bacon, or he has the world's best smoker.  We were literally sucking on the bacon.  ENTREES: We had fried mangalitsa pork, cochon de lait sandwich, crab omelet, and the Luke burger.  Outside of the mangalitsa pork fried crispier than I thought possible; inside, the pork was juicy and tender.  The cochon de lait was the best I've ever had (and it was paired magnificently with a cured ham).  Initially, I was worried about the ham overpowering the cochon, but Besh calmed all fears.  This sauce came with the sandwich and it was also mouthwatering.  The crab omelet was perhaps the most delicate item we ordered.  You could taste the technique in the preparation.  The Luke burger was about as good a burger as you can get.  The bun just CRACKLED every time you bit into it... yet maintained a nice clean texture... not an abrasive one that super-toasted bread can have.  I am in utter shock at how good this restaurant is.  AMAZED.  Chef Besh, please open a restaurant in the Northeast.  PLEASE.I had the pleasure of visiting Luke on my mini-vacation (more like food-cation) to New Orleans. The restaurant is inside the Hilton and I will tell you, the only reason we stopped here was because I WANTED MY SHRIMP AND GRITS DAMMIT! (pause) And boy did I get them!!The hostess promptly sat us and we were acknowledged and served in a timely manner. Our server was great. Just awesome. The restaurant itself is very nice. At first glance, you don't really appreciate how nice it is, but as I sat and looked around, I realized how nice it was. Very cozy and intimate. I wasn't here with a man but if I was, I would definitely go back to Luke. The shrimp and grits was the 2nd best thing I ate in New Orleans. OMG it was so good, as soon as I got back home I went and bought some grits! You will gain at least 10 lbs foolin around in New Orleans! The only reason I took off one star is because it was so expensive! $22 for some shrimp n grits???? Haysoos Christo!!! Other than that, great restaurant, great service. Will definitely return the next time I visit.Happy hour review only. I had a sazarac at pretty much every bar I went to in NOLA, and this one, while very good, doesn't rank anywhere close to the top. However, the price was absolutely unbeatable...I didn't think it was possible to get a sazarac for under $5!  We also split a dozen of the happy hour oysters, and really, all I can say is that they were worth the $.50 each. I've had better oysters in DC, and way better oysters in New Orleans. I'm guessing the non-happy hour ones were higher quality, and I think next time I'd pay a bit more money to get better ones. Ultimately, everything we had was pretty good, but with so many excellent restaurants nearby, I'm not sure I'd make it back.Had the opportunity to go to Luke's tonight with come great friends and had such a great meal and fantastic experience.  Not only was the food outstanding but the service was amazing.  We were lucky enough to have Richard (AKA Richie Rich) who was an absolute delight.  He "read" the vibe of our group and played right along with us.We were a little concerned when looking at the menu on line as we had some "picky" eaters in the group but everyone was able to find something that fit their tastes and all raved about the food by the time the meal was over.Will definitely be a place we return to on the next trip to the Big Easy!!just ate there. full. this is my new favorite restaurant in new orleans. BEST HAPPY HOUR IN TOWN. without a doubt. half price drinks and 50 CENT OYSTERS!! i/we ate and drank properly for around 20 bucks per person with tip...    word.(happy hour is everyday from sometime til 6 i believe)Simply awesome food - shared a plate of oysters with friends. Ordered the Luke burger, which exceeded my expectations. I've been overwhelmed with uniquely NOLA cuisine during my trip and it was nice to John Besh's take on the cheeseburger. Also, the fries are a thing of beauty, served in a decorative metal cup. Tasty too. My highest recommendation.I posed the question, and NO's Yelpers answered.Having time for only one meal in NO, Besh or Emeril?  Overwhelming majority suggested John Besh.  Having been a fan since "the next iron chef"(which he was completely robbed), it was hard to turn down the opportunity to dine in his restaurant.Service:  friendly and knowledgeable server Matt took good care of us with recommendations and prompt service.  Ambiance:  clean, modern, casualFood:  we ordered the following - Oyster Salad, stuffed crab ravioli, steam mussel, seafood gumbo, fresh local veg stir-fried, and the duck egg crème brule.  The fried oysters were lightly breaded and fried to perfection, the steam mussel is delicious with its herb/light cream sauce, the seafood gumbo was deep and rich in flavor, and the duck egg crème brule was absolutely velvet smooth.Value:  priced reasonably, we had the entire meal above for about $120 with  1/2 bottle of wine.  Verdict: Luke lived up to Besh's reputation and I would recommend this restaurant to anyone visiting the area looking for a casual but upscale dinning.The food was good.  The service....it was beyond words.  I have never had service this BAD anywhere, and I eat out a lot.  I don't even really know where to begin.  Let's just say: Sit in the front room, keep your order to raw bar and the burger and you should be fine.  This was the first time EVER I was compelled to leave less than 10%...yes, it was that bad.  Besh, I expect more from you!Okay let's just say it was an odd menu.  But maybe not for New Orleans.  Prices are extreme.  A $19 burger?  It was good but it was still a burger.  My husband had a $15 BLT.  It had 2 small whole fried crabs in it.   My diet coke was a laugh.  They must have had to really search to find bottles that small.  an 8 oz bottle, Just got off a cruise and really wanted a soda.  Okay so maybe I was just out of my comfort zone with this place but not impressed.  A big fat zero on service as well had to wait about 40 minutes for our food.  Waitress was sweet but it was just to long a wait.Decent food and good beer. I was kind of underwhelmedAwesome Burger & Fries! you will see some of the reviews are bad from a hippie looking for a veggie burger, an idiot that wants Cajun and thinks the menu is French?? If you're in the Big Easy and want a break from the typical NOLA eats after 5 days of business/pleasure it can get a little old, Go to Luke and grab a burger  you won't regret it!Great atmosphere and service! We really enjoyed our dinner here on New Year's Day and would love to come back on a return trip to New Orleans. Unsure if it had to do with having reservations, but we were placed in the back area of the restaurant. This section had a clear view of the kitchen. So you could be entertained watching the staff prepare your meal. I had the shrimp and grits and my husband had the étouffée of blue crap and shrimp. I loved both entrees but I think my favorite was the étouffée. The pasta was a tad bit bland but it was still very tasty!There are too many great places to eat in New Orleans for LUKE to deliver such uninspired food and inattentive service. It was the only disappointment we had on a great food weekend. Cochon, Butcher and Herbsaint are all nearby and so much better. Luke's only saving grace was the raw bar but even that took way too long to get a platter of oysters out of. The Burger is also good and a safe choice."He was a bold man that first eat an [happy-hour] oyster." -Jonathan Swift I append my attestation of the astonishing happy-hour at Luke. After my third visit, I feel that I can fairly assess the quality of this after-work oasis, insofar as oysters and beer are concerned. Every time I went, I got a table immediately and the service was prompt and above par. I always order the raw oysters, but you can get them cooked anyway you want for 50 cents each between 3 and 6 pm. The first time I ordered the slippery mollusks, they were small and not well shucked; before the second round we ordered, a veteran shucker luckily came in to take care of business. They were still small but a good shucking makes a big difference. It should be noted that it wasn't quite oyster season that time around. The grilled oysters are very good as well. They're a little like Drago's but without the deluge of butter and cheese.I also partake in half-off libations for beer, wine, and well liquor. They have custom made brews so I tried the pale ale first. It was empty tasting and not great. Next, I ordered the Luke Fru, a blonde, which was much better and went well with the oysters. From what I hear, this place is good for dinner too, but I am a bargain diner and it's a little out of my price range. If I want to try the cochon de lait, I will have to wait until I come into some money or I bring along a wealthy benefactor. For now, I will continue to go to Luke regularly for the extraordinary happy-hour specials.First meal we had in NOLA did not disappoint. For lunch, we started off with crab bisque and the rabbit liver pate. Both delicious! The serving of pate was more than enough for the two of us. My friend had the boulettes d'agneau which is the daily special. I took on the louisiana shrimp and grits, delicious and flavorful. The last bites tasted heavy with salt. We enjoyed the casual and nostalgic ambience.One of my favorite places to eat in the city! Especially during happy hour (1/2 off drinks and 50cent oysters??  Are you kidding me??!)  Sitting at the bar and chatting with the bartenders and oyster shuckers is a great way to come down from a long work day.The entrees never fail to impress me.  I could pick off of the menu at random and always leave happy (even the burger was impressively good).  Try the beet salad if you're craving a few bites of something healthy (roasted beets, pistachios and crumbly cheese on fresh baby greens) but, if you're craving something a little less healthy, check out the fresh sausages for sure! Oh and get the french fries (yes, the french fries).  They taste fresh, look hand cut and, rumor has it, they are fried in duck fat.  All other french fries pale in comparison.We loved it! Went to NOLA with 3 of my best friends and this was definitely a highlight of the trip! The food was delicious. Even the fries were notable.First entering the restaurant we remarked at the New Orleans classical decor inside. From the tall, tin clad ceiling to the belt driven ceiling fans. It had a real warm feel to the atmosphere with the woodwork and brass fixtures.Since me, my wife, and college daughter had never been here we decided to order 3 different entrées so we could get a broad sampling. Understand, i will describe these entrées simplistically because I cannot recall their names. I had the shrimp and grits, the shrimp were sitting on top of a bed of grits layered with bacon pieces and andouille sausage. The 5 huge shrimp were grilled to perfection served in an oval shaped cast iron skillet. It was incredible--the grits were smooth as I've ever had them and the layers of favors with the bacon and sausage was perfect. My wife had the grilled amberjack on a bed of bacon grilled corn with big chunks of grilled bacon. The fish was little dry but the corn and bacon were delicious. My daughter had the bacon burger, I had a bite and it was smoky, bacony goodness. Overall as you can tell we thoroughly enjoyed the experience.Best place we ate in NO in my opinion.  Super friendly, reasonably priced considering the food quality and atmosphere.  Supposedly the dude won something on Top Chef.  I smashed some duck livers and pork shank.  The place was killer!I am torn on this review as the food is awesome both at this location as well as the San Antonio, TX location and i think Besh is great.  The issue I have is that the server was a complete asshat.  I am a very positive person and will rarely call someone out on the Internet (in person where they have a chance to defend their self is more my style). this was rude to my mother and cut her off mid order then proceeded to act like a prick to my sister-in-law.I will most likely visit other locations or other Besh restaurants instead of  this one in the future.Great GREAT food. To die for pate. Loved my shrimp and grits. Also smooth, creamy oysters.Food was good.  Tiny portions.  Service was severely lacking.  They are not quick.  Our food showed up roughly about an hour or more from time of order.Loved it! Great atmosphere and food, and reasonably priced for the quality. Try their Luke brand craft beers and make a reservation because it does get busy.i wasn't gonna come to new orleans and not go to a john besh restaurant.. thankfully this was located nearby my hotel.. so it was just a short walk to this amazing restaurant.. service was perfect.. the waitress even gave me some cough drops since i've been hacking away with a post-nasal drip for a couple weeks., as for the food.. it's absolutely phenomonal.. i had the  poached yard egg salad with fried pig ears, bacon and chicory.. the crispy smoky pig ears and bacon are absolutely a sinful delight.. the poached egg was perfectly cooked.. i love a runny yolk i then had the seafood gumbo.. although i wasn't in new orleans for very long.. this is the best seafood gumbo i've ever had.. it was spicy and deeply flavored.. the seafood flavored was infused into the gumbo. as for my lunch entree.. i had the crab BLT.. holy crap it was a good.. a soft shell crab served in a BLT on a cutting board.. absolutely genius.. the french fries were also magnificent.. perfect browning and crunch.. this was the second best meal i had in new orleans..  the first is at august (another john besh restaurant)..Not my favorite place.  It's waaay expensive for simple foods.   It's like Zea's except that they charge double!  My friends love the oysters and oyster prices, but I'm just not an oyster person.We went to Luke's for a Monday morning breakfast around 8:00 am.  The restaurant didn't appear dramatically busy but we weren't in a huge hurry since our flight wasn't until later that morning. My boyfriend ordered the eggs in a jar  which was described being served with fried shrimp, cheddar grits, jalapeños, and a poached egg. He was turned off by the word "fried" since he didn't want a heavy breaded fried shrimp but reluctantly ordered it. I ordered the crab omelet with asparagus with a side order of Mimi's pancakes. I was happy I asked about getting a side order of pancakes since it saved $4 off the bill and you get 3 pancaked instead of 5, which is plenty. The wait seemed like a long time considering the restaurant was not busy at all but you almost have to expect this for a nicer restaurant. After all, you are the for the experience along with the food, right? It would have been nice though to have the waiter ask if we wanted another drink or to give us an update on our order. But, 20 minutes later the food arrived. We got the shrimp and grits along with the pancakes. My boyfriend LOVED his. Perfect balance of cheese and grits, not too spicy at all, and the shrimp seemed more sautéed than actually fried. Delightful surprise. Shrimp we're perfectly cooked and with such good flavor. I was regretting not ordering it myself but was looking forward to the omelet. Oh yeah, where was it? I only got the pancakes so far. I ate one pancake and it was okay. I mean you can't really screw up a pancake, right? The pecan butter on top was a nice change to the standard version we get in western New York though so I wasn't unhappy. Since they seated us at a small table and there was not a lot of room, I decided to have the waiter take away the pancake plate to make room for the omelet and I didn't want to overeat. After that, the waiter must have realized I didn't get my omelet yet so he quickly hurried off to the kitchen to check on it after he blamed someone else for the mistake. He brought it back finally and when I tried it, I was unhappy to taste a sweet flavor, which I later found out was mascarpone cheese. It was also barely warm. Not good overall. Plus they serve it with a side salad which, frankly, I think is bizarre. I mean, no toast? I saw they had multigrain toast on the menu though so I though I would get a quick order in so I flagged down the waiter to get some. I had maybe 2 bites of the omelet and just couldn't eat anymore so my human garbage disposal BF ate it. Thankful to not entirely waste $16, I eagerly awaited the toast. And waited. And waited. And waited. The waiter finally returned, sans the toast, and asked if the was anything else he could get us and I tried to politely remind him about the toast. Well, he apologized after he again tried to blame someone else, than ran off to the kitchen to get some. Well, the toast was burned on one side and untasted on the other. How the heck can you screw up toast? It wasn't warm and the jam it was served with was a blueberry and strawberry blend. No butter? At this point, I was pissed and we had to hurry up to check out of the hotel and catch a cab to the airport. It would have been nice if the waiter asked how our meal was. At least he didn't charge me for the toast. I would try Luke again but not for breakfast. After $75 and it being my last meal in New Orleans, I was not a happy girl. I would also not want Charles for a waiter again. I honestly expected better from a Besh restaurant. The shrimp dish deserves 5 stars though!!!I work in the medical field and the white lab/doctor coats the waitstaff wears, just throws me off. Also the kitchen rags they use as dinner napkins. I get it, they trying to pull something different off, right? The food was okay, not great as I heard it would be. Worth skipping and eating some place else.Truly a great little place, connected to the Hilton, but very nice menu and drinks.  Would return!  Salad fresh, soups great, entrees not over sauced, can really taste the food.Without question, one of the best dining experiences ever. First off, we sauntered in about 10pm on a Saturday night (sans reso), and they entertained the idea of seating us anyway. We had to wait a bit, but the bar was perfect for grabbing a coupla of pints prior to dinner. I rarely eat oysters, but the man next to us at the bar had the most humongous and delicious-looking plate of oysters I have ever seen. I'm talking mutant-ninja looking oysters. Incredible. Eventually we were sat at our table and quickly made our way through the unique drink list. The drinks were strong, and really good. The crawfish bisque was delectable, as was the pressed sandwich of "cochon de lait."  I ate and drank myself stupid in this restaurant, and I can't wait to go back and do it again.On our trip to NOLA, my husband & I used Yelp to help us pick places for dinner. (John Besh is apparently some sort of restaurant god in NOLA.) We were seated in the rear of the first floor of the restaurant (another seating room up a few stairs in the back). The restaurant appears to share restrooms w/ the lobby of the Hilton Hotel--from the previous reviews, I had no idea that it was connected to a hotel.Oddly, the hostess sat us at a two top right next to another two top instead of at a 3rd two top farthest away from the other seated couple. It became even odder when we realized that the couple was involved in the most private & devastating conversation that they will probably ever have. When we arrived, they were at the point where the wife was asking the husband where he had been meeting the woman w/ whom he was having an affair--at their home, a hotel or somewhere else. She then asked whether the other woman was going to get a divorce & if that was her husband's plan as well. Why he hadn't left her & their 3 kids last year & when he had become such a good liar. Smartly, the husband kept his answers polite & vague. He didn't have a plan, he didn't know why he hadn't broken up w/ his wife, he wasn't sure how long it would take them to figure out if they were getting a divorce or not.  Needless to say, my husband & I were shocked when we realized what was going on two feet from us. To our further horror, the waiter kept reminding them that there was no rush! I wanted to yell, "Do you know WTF they are talking about?  Don't you want them to leave?" I guess all the experts say you should have this kind of conversation in a public place because it encourages some restraint from yelling & getting violent, but don't tell that to my husband & I when we're just trying to have a good meal on vacation. They eventually left & were replaced by a gay couple who ended up asking to switch seats because it was too cold at that table. Cold is right. Cold from the cheating vibes lingering.  We managed to order drinks (beer & nice, but small, Chardonnay) & put in for appetizers. I thoroughly enjoyed the Luke Salad despite the odd platting--the whole leaves of Bibb lettuce were lightly dressed w/ the Buttermilk dressing, but the cubes of cucumber tossed in dill w/ carrot slivers & pieces of pickled beets were served underneath the lettuce. I could see the beets peering out, but I almost forgot about the other accoutrements. I know that Bibb lettuce is fragile, but I would have preferred the salad tossed or topped w/ the other bits or if the plate was larger so everything could be visible. In any case, it was a tasty salad. My husband had a cup of the crab bisque, which was too crabby for me. He enjoyed it, though to be a bisque, it should have been a touch thicker or creamier.  For entrees, my husband had the crab ravioli which he liked. I had the "cassoulet" w/ duck confit & pork sausage. Since it's cassoulet, I imagined the pork would be stewed in w/ the white beans & vegetables & there might be small piece of duck confit. Well, boy was I wrong. It came out in a 9"cast iron dish mouth-searing hot. The duck was not small, but a WHOLE LEG; the sausage was not stewed in, but a whole German-style long BRAT laying on the side of the dish. To finish it off, there was PORK BELLY about 1"2 on top. It smelled delicious & I smartly enjoyed the aroma while it cooled down. When I stuck my fork in, I found a scarcity of white beans & mostly breadcrumbs cooked, get this, in small pieces of PORK FAT. To recap:"cassoulet"=2 large pieces of fatty meat+1 small piece of fatty meat+bread crumbs+a few white beans+more meat fat. My husband found this kind of amusing since I am an advocate of eating meat fat since it's super tasty (Bourdain=proud of me), but this has got to have been the most decadent, over the top, ridiculous cassoulet ever served (Bourdain would not have approved).  I tasted a bit of each component before I called it quits. The server, to his credit, asked me twice if it was not to my liking to which I honestly responded, it's just "so rich." I'm just not the type to send things back & make a fuss, but the dish should have been a 1/5 of the size & an appetizer NOT called "cassoulet." It's not that the description on the menu was completely inaccurate, I guess...personally, I think the server should have warned me. It's too bad my husband wasn't feeling well & that we don't love oysters (since they have a raw bar) because I think we would have tried to salvage my meal w/ dessert or seafood or cheese/spread plate.   The menu at Luke is not all over the top like this though we heard the server explain that there is an off the menu vegetarian plate because literally there were NO veggie entrees on the menu which is to be expected at a French/German restaurant, but still. Somehow I think a place that bills itself to be pretty nice could do a more authentic cassoulet & have a French/German/NOLA inspired veggie dish.Nice French brasserie, with a nice take on seafood.  The 3 of us enjoyed 2 dozen oysters, P & J's and some Atlantic variety I can't recall.  The cold app assiete was awesome, especially the pate and the headcheese.  I went with the redfish with crab meat on the waiter's recommendation.  It was a bit disappointing...everything just tasted like butter and lemon.  One friend had the shrimp and grits, and it was definitely the highlight.  Delicious.  My other friend had the entrecôte grillée au frites.  Tasty, but nothing special, although the fries were just as good as everyone else has said.  Finished off with a dessert whose name I can't recall, but was kind of a beignet-bananas-foster dish.Had the pleasure of revisiting New Orleans shortly after my roadtrip. We made it back this past Sunday for an early dinner (to take advantage of the .25 P&J's) Ordered the shrimp & grits and it was to die for. The pate was excellent as well as the BLT.John Besh, I love you. Your rabbit and chicken liver pate is heaven on earth. The gumbo is one of the best I've had in NOLA, and mussels are pretty good too. I wish that I didn't have to wait 30 minutes for my table, even though I had a reservation.  It's casual and worth the price of the menu food items. It's a great way to sample Besh's cooking without the heavy price tag of August. Luke, I'll be back!Had a great meal here. The warm bittersweet plantation goat cheese salad was amazing. The crabmeat ravioli with galic, cream, lemon, and herbs was delicious. We ordered a few desserts to share and while the flavor was good, they were all too sweet for me. However, this does not deter me from recommending this place because everything else was excellent. Would love to dine at other John Besh restaurants.We got to Luke about 8:30pm on a weeknight. It was about 1/2 full-quite impressive- considering a movie production had been filming above the restaurant all day and still took up all the  street parking with their trucks. We started with the fried oyster, bacon, romaine and avocado salad. The dressing was a peppery and creamy. The bacon is from their own hand raised pork and I am salivating at the remembrance of it now. The oysters were perfectly cooked. Then on to a 10oz. hamburger (they split the plate for me and my husband), perfectly cooked, oozing with cheese, that amazing bacon and carmelized onions. The kitchen also gave each of us a tin of thin fries-delicious!  I was extremely impressed with the service. Not overbearing but right on the spot for keeping our drinks full and the food timed. New Orleans is not known for very good service but we got it at Luke.Oh. My. Was this good....I visted this restaurant on a work trip, so nothing was off limits.  I had the crostini appetizer with assorted pate, mustard, and crudite (the mustard was my favorite), followed by the carmelized onion thin crust "pizza."  This was absolutely amazing, the onions were carmelized perfectly and I am not sure which cheese combination was used, but it was like butter in your mouth.  The entree was half (yes, half) a roast chicken on a bed of fresh green beans with mashed potatoes.  I must say that I might have experienced a food coma over this dish.  It was plenty of food, enough for two, and I ate practically all of it because it was so delicious.  For dessert, we were brought an assortment of mini desserts, all served in mason jars (very cute).  I opted for the bread pudding (seriously, you need to try bread pudding everywhere in NOLA) and a bite of the pumpkin/sweet potato creme....yummy!  Hands down, I would visit this place again.I came here with a few girlfriends for dinner and the service was a joke. Our server was rude for no reason... I mean, he set our water carafe on my breadplate. Wtf!? Weird. The only bad service we've experienced in New Orleans. This city is awesome.Food was fantastic, very comfortable surroundings and we were seated right next to the kithcen where we had quite a show while watching the kitchen staff make their tasty morsels.5 STARS FOR HAPPY HOUR PRICED RAW OYSTERS!! This was my absolute favorite place with the best oyster happy hour in nola! Will be back next time I visit =)Great matzo ball soup!  Nice place for a drink too.One of the best happy hours in NOLA. ALL wines by the glass, all beers and well drinks half price- and they have a terrific selection of craft beers and belgian ales, as well as some excellent French wines and champagnes. Also, their most popular oysters are only 50 cents apiece. Super fresh and served with a wide selection of accompaniments, even my favorite, red wine vinegar. Service is friendly and professional. Can't wait to try it for dinner.Best meal I had in New Orleans while visiting for Jazz Fest.  Came for a late-ish dinner at 9:30, not too crowded, service was great.What we ordered:Drinks: St Charles streetcar, sazerac, riverbend, and french "75"- sazerac is really strong!  very authentic.  The riverbend was probably the favorite, but all were delicious.Food:-dozen gulf oysters (these are huge!! We probably should have just ordered a half dozen for the 3 of us, but were very good.  Needed to cut the oysters in half they were so large.  Not very briny (what I'm used to eating, but good and mild)-chicken and rabbit pate (Delicious.  Must order.)For entrees we got: Shrimp and Grits, the crab and shrimp etouffee and the Luke Burger.  I would definitely stick with the seafood.  The burger was just ok (needed some sort of sauce?) But the shrimp and grits and etouffee were phenomenal.  Highly recommend the shrimp and grits, etouffee and pate, this meal was amazing!!#Yelp365 6/365swine and veal pate + blt sanwich + sunday special = holy smokes! this place has some cajun influences but it's a straight up gastropub... a badass gastropubthe buster crab sangwich was fantasmic... texas toast, ripe tomatos and bentons bacon.  nom nom nompate de champagne was off the richter scales, i think i soiled my pants eating this app....went with your mom... we had a nice brunch togetherfor starters, the oyster happy hour cannot be missed. $0.50 per oyster and 1/2 price bar from 3pm to 6pm daily. these are local oysters (the kumamotos etc are regular price).  waitstaff is efficient and friendly. great gumbo. delicious cochon de lait. excellent bratwurst. heaping portions for an affordable price without sacrificing quality. casual easygoing atmosphere. my only complaint are the tables can be a bit small for a party of 4... especially if you are ordering apps in addition to an entree. also bathrooms are outside of the restaurant in the adjacent lobby.We came to NOLA for one night and chose to dine here. It was a great decision! I had looked on yelp through hundreds of restaurants because I wanted to find THE BEST. We discussed old school, new American, tapas, seafood, steaks, pretty much everything. Then we all agreed on Luke. We checked into our hotel, grabbed the shuttle and sped over to Luke just in time to catch the end of happy hour. Half price drinks including wine (my fave). We really wanted to make sure we got some of the fifty cent oysters. The hostess and our server made sure with only a few min left we were accommodated! We began with sparkling wine and 2 dozen oysters. Both were amazing. Oysters were full and so fresh. They were served with cocktail sauce, vinegar and enough horseradish to make our eyes water in delight. Our next course we switched to a really awesome white wine (sorry I don't recall the name) but it was suggested by our awesome server. His name is Christopher Doppenschmidt in case you would like to ask for him. I then asked if it would be possible to get the shrimp from the raw bar hot. His response: we can do that! As was his response the whole night. He served he shrimp with local clarified butter. The butter was so amazing. We then tried the blue crab bisque. It is making my mouth water remembering it now. For dinner we shared the ribeye and the jäger snitzel. both were great. There are no words to describe the homemade bernaise for the steak. One of the best parts of the night was meeting Brian Katz the General Manager. We all laughed and had fun and he made sure our experience was one not to ever be forgotten. This was our second time dining at Luke. It will be hard to go back to Cincy and miss out on the culinary treats of Chef John Besh. We will soon return!i was surprisingly unimpressed by lüke. after all the raves i would have expected better. the skate fin entree was so heavily breaded that more of the crust was left on the plate than there was actual skate fin. the root vegetable were alright, only because i'm a big fan of turnips and such. i ordered a side of potatoes (and i can't remember exactly how they're titled on the menu but it's EXTREMELY misleading).  basically, was came to our table was three whole boiled red potatoes - no seasoning, olive oil, nothing.  i mean, john besh - really?!?!?!  i thought this was a fucking total lack of effort on the restaurant's part.  to boot, i didn't touch them because i was pretty pissed about it and the waitress didn't show any concern for my disdain for the dish.  having worked at pretty much every position in a restaurant, i would have done my best to take it off the bill because i would recognized how displeased the customer was with this dish.  i'm all about naked cuisine, but this is just bullshit.  $5 for three boiled potatoes.  HUGE turnoff all together.my brother's dish was not very impressive either.  i would have to say i'm not really into giving lüke another try because this effort was pretty damn weak.  there's SO many more staples that i frequent that just make this meal look so lackluster and junior varsity.Another visit, this time seated at the bar, and I need to admit that aside from the snit that their "etoufee" put me in, this place is really damn good. More of the best shrimp and grits I've ever had, the best raw bar experience I have ever had AND one of the greatest burgers ever as well - not just greatest in New Orleans, either.We only had oysters and beers but I love this place. Friendly staff, the oysters were big and delicious, and the guys behind the bar even snuck us some extra. I'd go back!Went there for Sunday brunch and was disappointed with food, menu and ambience. Oysters were good though. Will not returnAll I've had here was shrimp and grits and wow was I impressed.  Loved the service and atmosphere too, look forward to a return visit next time I'm in the World's Best Food City :)  Somehow I didn't know about this restaurant, a Besh restaurant no less, it just happened to be across from my hotel.  Man am I glad we stopped in.This place was so good I went here twice when I was in New Orleans last summer.   Once for their surprisingly reasonable Happy Hour ($.50 oysters!) and once for a high end, celebratory dinner.   As someone mentioned, the portions are mostly large enough to share and so tasty you will want to have some of everLuke was recommended by our hotel staff and it was a good suggestion and close by.  Smart looking but casual spot, with sort of a French bistro menu.  The chicken paillard was excellent; the fries were very good and I am told they have one of the best burgers in New Orleans.Our large group was seated in a private room (good choice on Luke's part, we tend to laugh out loud a lot).  I had the crab bisque as a starter, and the cochon de lait, both were delicious.  The bread pudding for dessert was good, but not great.  I sampled some of my friends' dishes as well, all were good.The bummer here was the service.  The waitress seemed flustered and not very knowledgeable (perhaps she was new?).   I ordered a bottle of champagne and after waiting 20 minutes (the rest of our 15 person party had already been served their drinks), she informed me that they were checking at the bar to see if they had a cold bottle.  Okay, no worries.  Another 10-15 minutes later, she comes back to tell me they weren't sure they had it at all, and asked if I had a second choice.  Well, after another wait, it turned they didn't have my second choice either.  By then I was getting frustrated (by this time, some of our party was on their second round of drinks, and we all had our first courses on the table), so when she came back to ask me for a third choice, I asked her if we could just cut to the chase and could she just tell me what they DID have!  She brought me two tasting size glasses to try, I took a little sip out of each and picked one of the two.THEN SHE TOOK THEM BOTH AWAY.  Thanks lady, I already have to wait one more time for my bottle of champagne, and now you're going to leave me drinkless again?  I can understand if you take away the one I don't want, but sheesh, leave me the two sips left in the glass of the one I ordered.  I'd hate to imagine what the service would have been like if I had just ordered one glass and not a full bottle - not that it should make any difference in the service, but I was once a waitress myself, and we all know that a bigger check usually equals a bigger tip.  The more you can get on that check, the better.If the bottle service had been more prompt, a second one would have likely been ordered.  But by the time we got the first bottle and finished it, everyone else in our group was pretty much done eating and drinking.  The food is easily 4 star as expected from a John Besh joint, but the drink experience left such a bad taste in my mouth, I'd hesitate to go back.  If I did, I think I'd stick with water. :(If you like practicing your lip reading skills (noisy) and daydreaming about who on earth trained the wait staff (who can't manage simple things like a water refill when they bring your food and your glass is dry; who can't bother to serve an a la mode dessert with less than completely melted ice cream; who don't warn you that one of the desserts is drastically different from the description on the menu), this is your place.  The mediocrity of the food won't distract you much from that core experience, though the bill might.I wish I could be dishonest, but I can't.  The service here is so atrocious that I'm perplexed beyond my wits. (the staff were arguing and cursing in front of me)  Does John Besh really own this place?   The food is good, eclectic pub food. The wait staff is hung-over, unkempt, and uninspired.  I'm sorry, but after 3 fair tries, I've made my final judgement.    The Burger was very good. Oysters were average. Shrimp and Grits was fine.  Review is mostly for the terrible service.Best happy hour in Nola! I love the oysters and French 75! 3 cocktails and a dozen oysters for $22! Can't beat that!To put what I think of Luke simply - the food is great, the service sucks. Luke's located in the Hilton on St Charles, across the street from the Intercontinental and a block or two from Poydras. And as usual in the New Orleans CBD - parking is a bitch, or expensive. but nevermind that -Luke is one of John Besh's restaurants - he seems to be taking over the restaurant scene nowdays - think a casual French bistro complete with newspaper racks, wood tables, knives and forks wrapped in kitchen linen - the windows also bring in a good amount of sunlight so coming in to eat lunch here it becomes a bright spot. However the way the restaurant is with the front and there's a back open entrance to the lobby/kitchen/whatever if you sit in the back tables you can catch a nasty draft. I'm a big fan of the wild boar and also the rabbit pate - they come in these jars and crostinis - however once in a while I'll get one that feels like it has been in a refrigerator on the highest cold setting and it gets kind of a real hard consistency - but for the most part - creaminess. They also have a charcuterie plate, soups such as gumbo, a matzo ball soup (which is pretty much vegetable stock and a dumpling). For lunch they also offer specials - I think it's a cup of soup and an entree for about 20 bucks - they serve up different choices each day.I got the Luke burger - which is just a great burger. I feel kind of dumb getting it a lot but sometimes nothing beats a well cooked burger for lunch. My friend got the mussels which come in this huge cast iron pot (cheap - 17 bucks i think?) - I also tried the shrimp and grits, which is kind of a smothered in this rosemary sauce - extremely rich. There's also the shrimp farci which I think is one of their best dishes - shrimp stuffed with crabmeat over this extremely rich blood orange hollandaise. They also have a pretty big raw bar - with crab legs, fresh oysters, etc.So food is on point.Service however - every time I came in here the servers seemed kind of aloof - one in particular I had on my recent trip - she had extremely bad breath (I think every server should be carrying a pack of mints if they're working all day) and neglected to tell my friend that they charge for every refill on soda - my friends drank about 3 diet cokes each - so they were charged 18 bucks for refills. Now in New Orleans, people love their Coca colas so it's kind of odd to see a restaurant such as Luke to not have free refills - however I feel like the server should have said something about that. Service is on point with the time and food - but the apathetic moods kind of turns me off a little. At least fake a smile. I frequent this spot for lunch - Luke is open early for breakfast and is open late (I think 11 pm?) However with better options for dinner I'll just keep Luke as a lunch spot.This was my overall favorite dinner in New Orleans. The menu reminded me of Thomas Keller's Bouchon (which is a good thing). Lots of hearty bistro dishes with a Louisiana spin. The redfish amandine and the lamb shoulder ravioli were fantastic. I would return in a heartbeat.I have visited Luke's several times recently after a business stint in New Orleans and have always been pleased with my meal and the prompt service.  Like it's casual French bistro atmosphere, the food is comforting and filling with substantial, easy-to-recognize dishes.  Forget the unpronounceable entrees you find at 80% of Nola restaurants; you know what you are getting here.  I have really enjoyed the shrimp n grits with its rich buttered and creamed grits and luscious (yes, luscious describes food), spicy shrimp.  But I envy you burger lovers because the cheeseburger looks incredible.  Good for a family, a casual date, or even a meal solo.  I strongly recommend as a break from the over-the-top French Quarter mes.Had a great time at Luke.  Upscale but not stuffy, with a staff that was friendly, acommodating, and attentive but didn't hover and read our table very well.  We enjoyed a really nice dinner with drinks and wine, and were not rushed in any way even though we lingered laughing and talking for quite a long time.  The food was all good, but I especially enjoyed the escargot and my friend's pork shank.  Beyond that, being there with good friends, feeling the bright, comfortable, classic American broiler ambience, vibe and energy made it an excellent experience.Best gourmet burger and fries I've ever had. Can't wait to go back!I'd give Luke a 3.5 stars overall, so opted to bump it up to 4.  Food was great, but I wasn't too crazy about the space and they were way understaffed when we went.Went here my 2nd night in New Orleans when in town for business.  Our party of two was seated right at our reservation time, but then we had to wait quite a while for our waiter.  She finally came, and was super nice and sweet (and new we found out).  She took our drink order, and then left us to look over the menu.  We had plenty of time to decide, because the drinks took like what felt like forever.  I think it was at least 10-15 minutes.  That's much too long in my opinion.  She came over a few times to say they were coming, but I guess the bartenders were so backed up they weren't making the waiters drinks.  The place was rather busy, but didn't seem so full that they shouldn't be able to pour a few glasses of wine quicker than they did.  Even though she was new, she was very knowledge about the menu and was able to answer all our questions and give some pointers.  We started out with a half dozen Jumbo Shrimp ($11).  They were served on an ice platter with cocktail sauce and lemons, and were very jumbo and sweet and good!  You do have to peel them, which is totally fine by me, but I know some people hate having to touch or do anything with their food.  I got the crabmeat maison salad with fresh herbs, local greens and country bread croutons.  This was delicious!  The country bread croutons were thinly sliced crostini pieces that came in a cute little container along side the salad plate.  The crabmeat was sweet and there was just the right amount of mayonnaise (not too much) for my liking.  My friend got the roasted beets salad with Bayou blue cheese and spiced pistachios.  She wasn't too impressed.  It was 95% lettuce, and a very few thinly sliced beets on the bottom.  It didn't have anything to make it interesting.  We ordered a second drink, and it too took forever to come.  We also felt like we waited forever in between courses.  The bottom line was the kitchen and staff were just too busy to get things moving.  The manager was well aware, because she was circling the dining room trying to check in on everyone and make nice since quite a few people were looking around for their food and drinks.  I will say the waitress was super apologetic about it and at least acknowledged that the wait times were rather longer than they should be.We finally got our main courses, and they were delicious!  On main courses, I'd give this place a 4 out of 5.  I got the shrimp and grits ($22) with delicious little bits of andouille thrown in for good measure.  It was served in a small cast-iron skillet and was piping hot and buttery and good!!!!  I could've eaten a whole giant cast-iron skillet of it!  The andouille was the perfect thing to contrast the buttery shrimp and grits. My friend got the smoked pork shank, Mangalitsa belly & bratwurst, with house-made sauerkraut ($23).  Both of our mouths dropped when this got delivered.  If you've ever been to Germany, this plate was exactly what you get in every bar.  A GIANT pork shank, with tons of other pork products.  It was so big she didn't even know how to start tackling eating it.  The sauerkraut was very interesting.  it was really quite sweet, but both of us liked it.  It was just different than normal sauerkraut.  The pork shank was perfectly smoked and had great flavor and tenderness.  The sausage was also delicious, and of course pork belly is always good.  Talk about a rich dish though.  My goodness!  And talk about seriously large portions...she didnt' even come close to finishing the meal.  I think a table of 3 could've shared this as one entree and been fine.  For reals.  it was big. We were so full we couldn't even look at the dessert menu.  We had also been there for so long we were tired and wanted to go home.  I think it was over 2 hours for dinner, which is totally fine when you're in that mood, but neither of us really were.  The timing was very off, but if you're there on a not busy night, I bet you'd love it!  I also thought the pricing was very good for what you get.  The wines by the glass options were extensive too, and they do them all by the glass or 1/4 or 1/2 carafe.  That was a nice touch.Start with a cup of the Seafood Gumbo a la Creole--the perfect blend of seafood, sausage, rice, and seasonings. The Salad Luke is a refreshing pause between appetizer and plats principaux. For local fare, try the Étouffée of Blue Crab & Brown Shrimp. Wow! The Maredsous ale is a perfect pairing to their seafood selections. Note, they have a back room that might be quieter (might be).Great restaurant with a good range of excellent entrees.  Everything is good and consistent here - food, service, atmosphere.  This is a solid choice for lunch and dinner.  It is a John Besh restaurant so that is what you expect and what he delivers.I'll make it real simple, no fancy words or beautiful descriptions.  Basically if you want a good meal at a good price with good service this is NOT the place to go.  I repeat it is NOT the place to go.  Service was slow, in fact we almost got up and left until they finally sent the bartender over to take our order.  The food is overpriced.  I had the crab salad and it didn't come with any salad.  Just a heap of crab meat, no flavor, and the bread that came with it was burned.  When I told the hostess, the bartender was standing next to her, and described how they put that particular bread on the grill and sometimes it comes out burned.  I couldn't eat it.  It was black through and through.  nuf said.After a few excellent experiences at Luke in San Antonio, we decided to give them a chance to redeem themselves in New Orleans. So. Glad. We. Did. The cocktails and oysters impressed once again, and the service had improved beyond belief. As I mentioned before, the oysters are better than Felix or Acme, and if you come for happy hour, they are only fifty cents a piece!!! We had a dozen oysters, an order of fries, 2 import beers and one French 75 cocktail : $24.42   Not bad for a bistro run by one of the most well-respected chefs in town. Get yourself to Luke around 4:00 and reap the benefits!This place is good, really good. Happy hour runs from 3 - 6, half price cocktails and 50 cent oysters...you can't buy oysters at the market for 50 cents. Half price drinks, I recommend the Sazarac, the official drink of New Orleans, the best deal in the city at $4.50. Andre, one of the oyster shuckers, is one of the most personable people I have ever met. He is extremely passionate about what he does and is very good at it. We are in New Orleans for a week and thank God Luke is only a block from our hotel, we have been there 4 times during our stay and will be going back tomorrow. The rabbit and duck liver pate is one of the best pate's I have ever had, served with country bread, sweet and sour pickles, pepper jam, pickled watermelon rind and country mustard, all house made of course.Everything we ate here was delicious.  My favorites were the escargots au gratin and shrimp and grits; so flavorful.  The moules-frites came with fries that you could use to dip in the sauce and they gave so much mussels.Please go here!  We chose dinner here because of the rave reviews on Yelp and it didn't disappoint.  Nice relaxed gastro pub atmosphere.  Our waiter, Will, was so knowledgeable and patient with our questions.  I chose their most popular dish, the shrimp and grits.  Wow, I never knew grits could taste so good.  It was one of the best entrees I've had in years.  They have an extensive beer menu, also.  I'm still trying to find out where in Chicago they sell the beer I drank there.Had dinner on St Patties day evening.  We had a dozen P&J oysters which were incredible...buttery, slightly brunet and fresh.  I also had a cup of the gumbo, rich and full of seafood, very nice. For entrees my wife had the mussels and I had the smoked pork shank. she said the mussels were ok, she was surprised at the broth being creamy instead of a clear broth. The pork shank on the other hand was spectacular. Nice smoked skin with plenty of moist meat that was marbled. There was a small piece of pork belly that was unbelievable. Only complaint is there should have been a larger piece as I almost overlooked it. The bed of sauerkraut was sweet and tart at the same time. The dish also came with a nice link of veal sausage. I would recommend this dish to anyone who likes smoked meat and especially pork. Washed dinner down with a couple strong mint juleps. Service was impeccable. In fact we sat down 3 minutes to 6 with happy hour just about done. The waiter rushed in our drink and oyster order before 6 so we could get half price!Worth the trip.We went for dinner on a Friday hoping to experience awesome food by John Besh during our trip to New Orleans.  Perhaps our hopes were too high but all the food seemed a bit plain.  Each dish was almost there, but fell flat.  Like everything needed more seasoning or spice.  We do not eat meat, and so that may have also played a part because there was not much of a fish selection.  The meat dishes around us, which is what everyone else was eating, looked amazing.  The waitress didn't seem to care much about our experience, and seemed hurried, but we did have quick service.  We did like the atmosphere and the quaintness of the smallish divining rooms.Pros: The etouffee was great but the grits were amazing           Seafood is fresh- try the oysters during happy hour.           casual comfortable atmosphere           Friendly serversCons: Crowded during peak hours            Servers disappear for long stretchesThis was the first dinner I had during my most recent trip to New Orleans.  It set the bar high.  Service was top notch.  We had the pork rillettes as an appetizer.  It was excellent. I ordered the roasted chicken with vegetables.  The chicken was cooked to perfection.  very moist and flavorful.Found this restaurant using yelp last Saturday. The food and service was amazing. Had the Jägerschnitzel for dinner and the Mussels for an appetizer.l will say it right up front, I didn't eat a single thing from the menu at Luke, so this review does not speak to the food.  (My 1 star rating is only reflective of the service). The problem was that I couldn't even get that far, because the service was rude to the point where I felt the need to leave before I could even have a drink at the bar.  We tried to call ahead to make a reservation (it was a Saturday so we anticipated that it would be busy), and were told the the computer was jammed so they could not take reservations.  Apparently these folks are averse to pen and paper.  However, the person on the phone assured us that if we were coming in around 8pm for 2 people we would not have to wait long to be seated, no more than 10 minutes she said.  Took their word for it--my mistake.  When we got there at 8:30pm the hostess informed us that they were on a 45-60 minute wait.  Admittedly annoyed, but determined to stay, we headed for the bar.  Once we sidled up we waited a good 5 minutes to be greeted, and when we did get someone to talk to us, she merely asked, "you guys good?" and then walked away.  We had to waive her back to actually order, and when we both ordered different varieties of the house Luke beer, we were informed curtly that they were out of both types--out of their own beer, on a Saturday night.  At this point we decided to dash, having had 2 negative interactions within the first 5 minutes of being there.  Maybe it was a bad night at Luke, maybe not, but our experience was not good, and I would think twice about going back.Awesome!  We enjoyed a huge platter of fresh seafood ~ crab, king crab, mussels, clams, shrimp & oysters. Happy hour is a must $0.50 oysters on the half shell & BOGO tap beer :) Enjoy!!Approaching the restaurant, one of the letters of the LUKE sign was burnt out, and I should have taken that as an omen of things to come.  I had a similar experience service-wise to Mihir S.'s review.  We had a reservation for dinner, but waited for at least 15 minutes for our table to be prepared.   Once at the table we waited more for a server.  The drink/wine/beer list is interesting and unusual, we all had questions, but the waitress seemed rushed and disappeared.  We finally got our drink order in and waited again for our drinks to arrive.  Seemed understaffed. Our soups arrived without spoons.  More time wasted flagging down a waiter serving another group to get spoons.   Don't bother with the crab & corn bisque - there's no crab in it, about 5 kernels of corn and watery.  Nice selection of Belgian and German beers.  Wine pours are small.  Prices seem reasonable at first glance, but portions are relatively small by American standards.  Steaks are thin.  Friend's burger was over done.  Fries were cold (really unexcusable, at least get that right...)  I had the veal cheeks which had a nice smoky flavor, but they were swimming in a watery, not very mushroomy flavored sauce.  Instead of before or with the apps, bread was served between apps and main course and barely warm.  The little crock of butter was sloppily prepared and messy to handle.  Butter all over everybody's fingers.  Just another little annoying thing that gives an indication of attention to detail.Serving the burgers on a cutting board is a clever gimmick, but they looked a bit worn and I started thinking "dirty cutting board" probably not the best presentation idea.  Bread pudding dessert was very good.All in all, I can't really recommend Luke, there's better places in NO for the money.  Not close to "Iron Chef" material, for sure.Would have given it 3 stars, but Yelp says 3 stars is "A-OK" and Luke was not, at least on this night.  It was "Meh", so sorry Luke, it's 2 stars for you.Nice atmosphere, pleasant people, excellent friendly service and great cocktails at reasonable prices. BUT... be warned, the food here is mediocre at bestMy Boyfriend's food was spicy to the point of being inedible. Mine was so bland it tasted like nothing. Quite frankly after this and NOLA and I realized that I will not go to any more "celebrity" chef restaurants. Once they make a name they seem to stop trying, maybe the rest of us should stop going. PS. The bread pudding was fantastic (as boyfriend points out). So we alter the recommendation and say go for dessert, skip the savory.Had the croque Madame. Unbelievable. Throw some tabasco on it and it is WINNING!!The best dinner we had in New Orleans, and we ate at quite a few places. The food is amazing. Attentive service too. The only knock was a not so good wine recommendation, but other than that, awesome!So order   exactly the following: A sazerac, Duck and Rabbit pates with watermelon pickles and mustard and grilled bread, the crawfish boil po boy with fries and ice cold abita, then a bread pudding a la mode. It's some of the best food in town even if it's a little hidden off the lobby of a Hilton hotel. This is one I run to everytime I get to visit NOLA!Had breakfast here- not only was the service wonderful (ordered the large breakfast with eggs, grits, biscuit and sausage and they split it for us on two plates) but they also have beignets and a side of warm chocolate for dipping sauce as well as a fruit dipping sauce. Amazing.Great food!  This was my first visit to Luke in New Orleans as I have been to Luke in San Antonio.  This location is just as fantastic as the location in San Antonio.  The shrimp and grits were amazing!   Everyone at my table enjoyed his/her selection.  The service was friendly... ambiance was average... nothing special.The baked P&J oysters were great. The crust was just right and the seasoning was spot on. I'm not even a fan of oysters, and I thought this was great. For my main course, I had the duck. To be honest, I thought the breast was slightly underdone, but the duck leg was cooked just right. My party split the creme brulee and bread pudding for dessert. Both were tasty, though the bread pudding stood out more for me.I thought I reviewed Luke last time I came back from Nola, but I see that I was remiss.  This is place is a solid win.  My fiance always gets the burger and it's huge, juicy self is complimented with perfectly cooked shoestring fries.  I loooove the crab and corn soup and wish I could have vats of it shipped to me during the cold NYC winters.  It's spicy, flavorful and full of fresh crab meat and plump kernels of corn straight off the ear.  The P&J oysters are a must, especially with that damn delicious crust.  I definitely scraped the remainders of it off the shells with my bread (that was warm and soft).  As for drinks, go with the Cypress in the summer--crazy refreshing and strong without tasting like straight liquor.  Great service and casual, upscale atmosphere.John Besh's restaurant is pretty good.  Its just unfortunate for Luke's that I had been eating way too many great meals in New Orleans and this gets lost in the shuffle.  For an appetizer we ate oysters and shrimp.  Both were really good but pretty standard appetizers in New Orleans.  For our main entree I had the jagershnitzel.  eh.  I wouldnt order it again.  The mix drinks werent as good as I had hoped.  Overall, I was really hoping for something better here.  Maybe it was the expectations.  This is really a 2 1/2 stars for me. Maybe the cooks that night were out partying at mardi gras.If I could I would rate it as 4 1/2. Great restaurant at a great pricebest place for oysters, european style seafood platters and new york times reading bistro style crowds. felt like being in paris. in a good way, not the touristy part but the old world charm. house pates by mr. besh are amazing, this guy knows his meat. and doesn't beat it like mr. wagner :)I'm still thinking about the bread pudding.   I've been craving bread pudding since eating the one here.  What I liked the most is that they didn't put raisins in it.    The roasted chicken was friggin delicious also !   We also ate at August but I think I prefer Luke.   Not that one was better than the other, I just like the casual atmosphere of Luke because we didn't have any formal clothes and we were dining with kids.   Oh yeah, the french fries were really good also.  I also like the location of being in the CBD and away from all the chaos in the French Quarter.This review will be a little unorthodox as I didn't eat here - yet. After staying the in the Hilton next door and not having my normal IV of quality caffeine we went here in search of some coffee. Needless to say I was amazed when he started making the coffee we ordered in a french press (preferred method of choice!). So with full intent of returning here to have the full dining experience, but as the place serves up a normal cup of coffee via french press it merits 5 stars in the interim!Great food and service; the shrimp and grits with poached eggs is incredible.I'm gluten intolerant so this was on my list of restaurants in Nola that provide a gluten free menu. Most of the regular dinner menu with a few tweaks here and there I was able to have. I chose the fresh oysters to start which were very good although a couple hard pretty big chunks of grit in them. My partner got them baked which smelled divide topped with their garlicky cheesy goodness. The beet salad was good too although the beets were cooked a little longer than I normally like. The dressing was the perfect tangy amount of top. I chose the ribeye with sautéed vegetables on the server's suggestion. This is the main reason I gave this place 3 stars instead of 4. My steak came out thin and ragged where one of my friends who ordered the same thing got a nice thick juicy cut.  I understand the fat content can make the cut look like mine did but it's disappointing nonetheless when two steaks arrive at the same table with this extreme disparity.  I also ordered mine rare but it came out more medium instead.  This irritates me the most when ordering a steak. But I will say the sautéed vegetables were some of the best ever- perfectly cooked with great garlic seasoning.I did give Luke a second try at brunch the next day since it was right around the corner from our hotel and again the gluten free knowledge. I got the crab omelet which was impressive with it's fresh large chunks of crab meat inside. But I also wanted the grits and was informed they weren't gluten free. Why add wheat to a wonderful product of corn is beyond me.  My partner did get to enjoy the jalapeño cheese grits which he found thick, rich, and very good.While the food was excellent the service and prices left something to be desired for me.  I was seated underneath a particularly cold air conditioning vent and when I asked them to turn down the air I was told "that's just the way it is".  The food was a little on the expensive side for what it was, but i'd still recommend this spot if you're in the area.Had John Besh's signature Burger for lunch. I felt funny ordering a burger at a place this nice, but it's his award winner. Wonderful, best burger ever!!!!!A very pleasant surprise of an awesome late lunch. Full disclosure - the Bloody Mary's are spicy.Loved it.  Had dinner on 12/24/2012.  Food was fantastic.  Service good as well.  We will go back.Good service, solid food.  I didn't like my cocktail very much.  It was one of their specialty ones (sorry, can't remember the name) and it was just too sweet for me, like drinking cough syrup.  The bread that they give you in the beginning of the meal was incredible - warm, crunchy crust and soft on the inside.  I wanted something simple that night, so I got a burger, which I was told was renowned.  I didn't think it was great, mostly because it was kind of dry.  They serve the burger to you sliced in half.  I admit that eating a burger in halves is easier and I usually end up doing just that when I get it.  But the problem with the kitchen cutting it is that the juices run out of the meat while it's sitting and waiting to be served.  And then by the time the customer gets it, it's kind of dry.  It seemed to also be cooked more than the medium that I ordered, but that's fine.  So yeah, points off for the burger.However, I did try my friend's shrimp and grits and it was delicious.  The bread pudding dessert was also very good.  I probably just got something from the menu that was a miss.Great time at USMC birthday celebration! Met so many beautiful Marines from all over the US. Thank you John Besh for a great celebration with deelish food and drinks! Semper Fi!!!Very nice and convenient.  We stayed at the Hilton next door, arrived late (after 10pm) and even in the Big Easy expected little late at night.  It was very good indeed, great, friendly service and the food (we chose simply - I chose the steak frites) hit the spot. Nice ambience, US version of a french bistro.  Wouldn't be my first choise to eat in NO - but if you are up late and want something GOOD - this is it.What a wonderful find!  We stopped in here for a drink and to get change for the streetcar - ended up staying for dinner in this fabulous french restaurant.  The raws were delicious, the beet salad was yummy, but the shrimp and grits were a work of art.  The white cake with apples and creme fraiche was decadent.  I tried their absinthe frappe - and though it has a strong licorice flavor, it was fun to sip all evening.  We missed the happy hour which was over at 6pm, but during oyster season they offer raws for .25 a piece.  They were a buck apiece regular which was the going rate as far as I saw.  Will definitely go back here and also look for other restaurants by this owner.  Excellent!This guy John Besh has his act together. I would describe this place as a bistro with a german twist? it was packed to the rafters when we went for lunch...we just made it in before all the people that work in the area started coming in for their lunch breaks. I had a charcuterie platter that re-inforced my love of offal and meat by-products. Seriously, the hallmark of a great chef is one that can turn organ meat that most people wrinkle their nose at into something wonderously delicious...and John Besh and his talented do that here, and at his restaurant August. I also had oysters that were CLEAN (read my review of Acme) and pig's feet made into a croquette and fried. The fact that I had pig head and pig feet in one meal was rather impressive I think.FOOOOOODDDD GLORIOUS FOOOOOOODDDD!!! Service, Price, FLAVOR, Flare, crowded, very laid back, and oh so worth my first John Besh experience!  The charcuterie is to die for, in particular that rabbit and duck pate...  the blood sausage... incredibly sexy for blood sausage!  we started off with a mixed drink with cognac, fresh lemon juice and champagne - perfect partner with the amount of charcuterie we gorged on!  We normally share entrees, but in a debacle between the mussles and frites and the shrimp and grits, our ever clever and awesome server Rye (ask for him, he really is GREAT) split the shrimp entree and let us play with the mussles.  I wont say these were the best frites - I have to say, MA based Sel de Terre pommes with sea salt and rosemary still have the lead - but dont knock the frites dumped into the amazing sauce in the bottom of the mussle pan...  We were lucky our concierge was able to get us a table!  Ive never been too much of a fan of gumbos or jambalayas or too much of the Louisiana seasoning - I actually have always preferred  the low country rendition of shrimp and grits...  HOWEVER, grits that have been seduced with andouille and mascarpone... COME ON! A party for the senses.  Come hungry and leave in the mood to rush down Bourbon Street and burn of the gorging...  Simple food, simply prepared, served with character and characteristic New Orleans smile.  My first with Chef Besh, and certainly not my last!I went for one reason and one reason only - for the oysters.  Sunday night, happy hour, 50 cents a piece - they were the biggest and best oysters I had all week while in New Orleans.  I ate oysters daily - every place I went - raw, charbroiled, steamed, etc.  I was so excited when I sat at the bar and ordered them up and planned on eating about 3 dozen.  I was so stuffed after 1 dozen that I had to stop.Went for dinner with my mom and two dear friends. Had a reservation for 6 pm and we were seated immediately. Our waiter was adorable (according to my mom, haha), attentive, personable, but not overbearing at all. He encouraged us to try new things, and was honest about his personal preferences. He was also very knowledgeable about the food (how it was prepared, where the ingredients came from, how much of it was in a portion, etc) and also about the various cocktails, wines, and beer offered. All in all, we had a great time and didn't feel bothered at all by our waiter, yet felt that he was attending to our needs perfectly. Clearly, he cares about his job.Now onto the food! For an appetizer, my mother and a friend shared raw oysters. I'm personally not into them, but they could only describe them as "delicious" in between enthusiastically stuffing their faces. Everyone except for me got a burger, and I could tell they enjoyed themselves as the whole table fell silent upon arrival of our entrees since we were so busy eating. I had the roasted chicken with veggies in a bacon and mushroom sauce, with fries subbed for the usual mashed potatoes. It was excellent, perfectly cooked, and the sauce was, in a word, insane.The cocktail my mother had, the French 75, was delicious and she said was pretty strong (in other words, worth the money). They have a good wine list, as well as many beers, both exotic and domestic. Again, the waiter was able to make great recommendations for both beer and wine to compliment our meals.All in all, a great experience with great food. Definitely worth a visit if you're in the area.This review is for Happy Hour only.While in NOLA, I wanted to go here - lucky for me they host a happy hour that made me extremely happy.  Its day #1 in NOLA, I've gone and partaken at the Food Festival, but still feel the need for something.  I decided oysters would hit the spot (okay and maybe a drink too).  Luke has three types of oysters, the local P&J oysters (from 3:00 to 6:00, they are only $0.50 a piece), they also have Kumomoto and Blue point.  That day, I chose to get a half dozen of the P&J and a half dozen of the blue point.  I also ordered a sazerac (of which I promptly took a picture and sent to Gregg M so he could see what he had to look forward to when he got there).  The sazerac was good - they use Herbsaint rather than Pernoud like we get up here, but I really liked it.  I thought it was very well balanced with a hint of licorice.  My second drink was the St Charles Side Car - it was extremely peary, so not my favorite.  The oysters though were definitely the highlight.  They shucked them right in front of me, keeping up a good duologue and even let me try one Kumomoto that got shucked "accidentally".  I won't say that the P&J are my favorite as they don't necessarily have some of the depth that say the blue point or the Kumomoto's have, but they sure hit the spot.  Since I enjoyed it so much, when Gregg M got in to town, this is where I took him for an oyster fix.  We got a dozen of the P&J and a half dozen of the blue point and Kumomoto.  I'll let him tell you about his impressions, but on this trip I did get different drinks:  The mint julep was only okay to me (I'm spoiled by the one at the Majestic in Old Town!), my other drink was the French 75.  It was good, but not necessarily my favorite.  I did like Gregg's version of the St. Charles Side Car tho' - different bartender.I can easily say I would go here again for happy hour.  Honestly their menu didn't look too bad either - but that will be for another time.One note - the individual shucking oysters on the second trip was not very good at letting the bartender know when an order was up.  As a result, some people (including us) were waiting a little while for our oysters.  Just goes to show you how important a little communication is - even if all you are saying is "order up"Wow...I went here three times in New Orleans even though we had said we wouldn't go any place more than once but it was just so good. Two times we were there for happy hour...$.50 oysters and half off all drinks meant I slurped oysters and drank French 75s twice in New Orleans and the oysters were the best I've had. The pate & charcuterie plate was absolutely amazing with the fennel jam and the pickled watermelon rinds as perfect accompaniments to the pates (the rabbit & duck liver was especially delighful), the pancetta and the delicious head cheese. The boudin noir was just as good as the boudin noir at DBGB in NYC but was made even better by the potato, apple and onion hash it was served with. The flamenkuche (a flatbread with bacon, onions and cheese) was also delicious. We meant to have entrees the first time but ended up full after all that so we had dessert which was bread pudding ala mode with pecans and bourbon sauce and gateau basque which was a vanilla cake that was a cross between a pound cake and angel food cake that had creme fraiche and blueberry sauce on top. It was like a dream it was so good.On the 2nd visit...more oysters and the heirloom tomato salad with fresh mozzarella. The basil and balsamic reductions made for very intense flavors with the tomatoes and mozzarella and the mozzarella practically melted in your mouth. Eric and I shared the shrimp and grits which were also wonderful...just spicy enough and  the grits were perfectly creamy but heavy enough to really complement the andouille and shrimp.And our third visit was just for dessert and drinks...I got the gateau basque again and it was just as amazing the 2nd time :)And I would totally come back again a few times when we are back in New Orleans.Stopped in here for lunch on a whim on New Years Day and it was possibly the best meal that we had during our recent visit.  We had hoped to sit at the bar but it was full.  We ended up in the back, which was disappointing at first until we realized that that we could sit and watch through the glass enclosed kitchen.  Hubby had been craving raw oysters and his craving was definitely satisfied.  He enjoyed his bloody and I enjoyed by blueberry brunch cocktail.  We weren't terribly hungry so to go with our oysters we had the pied de cochon and the crabmeat maison.  The maison was amazing.  It was cool and refreshing.  It was also surprisingly light.  Then we had the pots de creme for dessert.  Our favorite was the vanilla with strawberries.  Perfect light end to the meal.  We would definitely go back here again.  Service was also really good.If you want to eat at one of John Besh's restaurants while visiting New Orleans I recommend Dominica over Luke. Luke was good, but Dominica was fabulous.  Luke isn't as fancy, but it's just as expensive and the portions are small. I mistakenly came here for my birthday dinner, should have done it the other way around. The restaurant has a really casual atmosphere and it wasn't all that busy on a weekend night.  I ordered the shrimp and grits and it was really tasty with thicker grits then usual, but at $20+ I felt that it was overpriced for the portion size. There were maybe a few big spoonfuls of grits and 4 or 5 shrimp. I'm a small person and easily finished the plate. For desert I got the pear tart and it was OK, nothing special. Our server was very friendly, but it seemed a little fake. Sorry John Besh I wasn't blown away.We always get the burger when we are in town.  It is loud and full of pretentious tourists and locals.  The decor is nothing great, either.Waited over 20 minutes for our table even tough we had reservations.  Food wasn't all that.We came here for a light lunch during happy hour to satisfy my oyster craving for 50 cents a pop. It did not disappoint. I'd love to come back for dinner!Came here for dinner and the food was excellent! I ordered the jumbo louisiana shrimp with grits and the plate was bursting with flavor. I was a little skeptical because I had never been a huge fan of grits but figured hey I'm in New Orleans. It turns out I just never had GOOD grits before. The texture was wonderful and it had a great spicy kick. The shrimp was also cooked well and overall the dish was a reasonable price. Would definitely go back again to try other dishes.All we wanted were some good happy hour oysters. Takes way too long for naked oysters. Better off going somewhere elseGreat atmosphere. Enjoyed the baked oysters. Pricey. Sat at the bar, not so friendly bartender. But the black guy who shucks oysters was fantastic! Such a great smile and energy. He suggested the baked oysters and even had the kitchen send out two soups for us to try. Wished he was getting our tip instead.Best burger ever!! It was so juicy!! We also had the shrimp & grits and mussels, but the best was burger!! Nice place!We experienced the worst service we've experienced at a restaurant.  First off, it took 30 minutes to get the 1st round of drinks.  When they came, the waiter spilled 2 beers and a glass of red wine on my shoulders./back  My shirt and jeans were covered in red wine and had to go back, change, and come back to meet my party.  The manager mentioned they would give us some free appetizers as result.  (not even close to fair considering circumstances)  Appetizers were fairly good.  They made a mistake and brought a large cold seafood platter instead of a small one.  We thought it was comped as result of the wine spill.  Turned up on our bill anyway.  Entrees came out at different times.  Peoples food got cold waiting.  Then after many hours of eating and trying to get the check, we finally received the check which was incorrect.  Apps werent comped, people had the wrong meals billed to their tabs.  It was an nightmare.  ...and took another 30 minutes to resolve.worst service ever.  Wanted to enjoy the place a lot more than we did.  For a J Besh restaurant the food was mediocre at best.  The staff and management also didnt seem to act with professionalism based on the magnitude of issues we experienced that evening.There are countless other NOLA restaurants that dominate this one in terms of food, service, and atmosphere.  Hands down.Great atmosphere, great shrimp and grits, and great cold seafood.  Sometimes the service can be a little off if they're slammed, but it's not much of an issue.We went here right at 3pm on a Thursday for happy hour. All drinks were half off and oysters were half off. I believe this lasts until 6pm. Sit at the oyster bar and you'll get to see just how many oysters they go thru. They said they'll go thru 30-40 dozen a day. The oysters were delicious but be careful with the horseradish...you'll feel like your head is on fire if you pile on too much. Save room for the bread pudding because it is unbelievable.The happy hour 25 cent oysters, were full price today due to the oil spill. Nonetheless, they were fat, milky and delicious. Definately worth full price. Rabbit and duck pate was served with pickled watermelon rind-- weird and licorice-y, but it grew on me. I didn't need much to compliment the pate anyway-- just a buttery crostini. This was my third time here. The oyster shucker was quite friendly and helpful, but the bartender was not as attentive and quick as he could be especially with only eight people at his bar. Maybe its because he had to make drinks for the servers as well. It's a  kink that could be easily worked out. Despite the slow service, the quality of the ingredients definitely picks up the slack. Hopefully the 25 cent oysters will be back in full effect soon. God willing.As room service I was stunned, I got a bowl of gumbo and some shrimp and grits. Holy cajun heaven, wow I have had far worse food at restaurants with much more fanfare and history. I don't know what dinner is like here (I bet its great) but the food they sent up to me was fantastic.Great food, service, ambiance.  Had the croque monsieur and a cup of gumbo - and a few mimosas, too!This is one of my favorite stops. I've done both lunch and dinner here and have been very satisfied with every meal. During Christmas they had a eggnog cocktail which was super tasty. They also had lamb which was perfectly cooked. Try sitting by the kitchen, a nice view and show to watch the team cook up your meal.Great place. Lunch was awesome. Our beers didn't show up, so our server comped them. He the gave us some great tips on where else we should be wandering around. Certainly recommend this place.Fantastic food.  I ate 50 cent oysters during happy hour and they were delicious.  Alcoholic beverages were also half off, so I imbibed a few.  My husband got the grilled cheese sandwich and it was mouth watering.  He also got the vanilla cake and it was awesome.  Who knew something that sounded so bland would be so good?  When I visit New Orleans again I'm going to eat here again.This restaurant single-handedly made my business trip delightful.  I went last spring with a team in town for a tradeshow.  Found this gem on Yelp and enjoyed it so much that we went back twice.Located in an art deco-era office building, it doesn't look like much from the outside, but venture in and you'll discover an excellent cocktail menu and a country terrine that I still miss to this day.  The raw bar selection is outstanding, and they accomodated our large group with ease. I look forward to returning on my next trip to New Orleans, even if it is for a tradeshow.I will never come back, had to wait over an hour at 2 pm when there were 5 tables open with families waiting...very disappointing.  This was the third time this has happened.Great drinks, food and great service.  Right next to the Hilton, and one of the best places I went to all week.  Real wheat beer in a real-wheat-beer glass, Wiskey flights, some crab legs and a kick-ass burger.  Yep, I too had my fill of Turtle Soup, Gumbo and shit and had an amazing burger.well sure enough my church went back to nola another year, and i just had to come to lukes again!this time i went for dinner with a group of 10.  They took my last minute reservation and seated us promptly.since it was dinner, and i already had  my softshell crab for the week, i decided to go with the traditional roast chicken and potatoes.  it was delicious!  a very tender half chicken, with whipped potatos inside, on top a bed of green beans, bacon, and some au jus.  the "only" negative i have about this is there seemed to be a little excessive oil in the dish.  im not sure if this was from the bacon or au jus, but still the dish was fantastic!among other things i saw, the jagerschnitzel only lookd medicore, but my friends generally liked it.  the croque monsiuer looked pretty good, and the pork hotpot(pork belly, rib, knuckle, and potatos) tasted pretty good as well.lukes has earned a permanent spot in my book!One of the few 'fancier' places you can eat on a Sunday night, between 6 of us, we had pretty much everything on the menu and were delighted, the most outstanding was the pate, go for it...amazing and a great portion. They also offer reasonably priced wines by the bottle, so don't order by the $12 glass. Be sure to save room for dessert because the bread pudding is magnificent! For a full meal, with apps, wine and dessert we got out of there on $45 pp!!During our 4 day stay in New Orleans, we went Luke twice. The happy hour deals are a steal. On our first visit, our waiter had suggested the flamenkuche. It was mouth watering amazing. The service, the food, and the deals were so good, we had to go twice.I can only give Luke 4 stars because I only had oysters and cocktails. We ate oysters at the bar. There is a special that Luke runs from 3-6pm.  .50 cent oysters and half price drinks at the bar. The oysters were great. Drinks were wonderful. The St. Charles Streetcar was very good. The service was on point and one of the workers read us our horoscopes! I can't wait to go back!Worst service! Told the hostess we wanted to sit in the bar area and she insists on sitting us in the back of the restaurant which is empty. Sat there for over 10mins with tons of staff walking by & just staring at us but no service, not even water. We finally got fed up and walked out. Horrible!Wow! I mean wow! their Étouffée blue crab & shrimp is a MUST try, although its a small portion it sure hit the spot!  Dessert: chocolate moose yumminess ;p French 75 is also a well known drink here...Yumminess =)The food was excellent, but my only complaint was the service. I feel like we were shuffled among three different waiters and neither of were communicating with each other. We ended up with three servings of bread rolls and one set of utensils because each waiter kept thinking the other was going to bring a spoon. As I said, other than the service, the food was great. I had the chicken, and it was a nice apportion and tasty.Gone downhill since my last visit. Customers dressed like they were at McDonald's. Waiter had no knowledge of wines (could not even pronounce them) and took no effort or time to explain the menu. Servers, whose uniforms didn't fit, seemed bored and unhappy as they slid plates across tables, truckstop style, again taking no time to explain what dish was being served. My wife's pasta was cold. My fish was tasteless and dry lying over uncooked, inedible vegetables. Waiter appeared annoyed when we were honest about the quality of the food. Manager said he would "take care of it," which usually means some sort of comp, but not here.This was our second choice after finding out Rio Mar was closed for Mardi Gras week. We had a hell of a time getting here since it was on the other side of the parade from where we were staying.   Nonetheless, we had a great meal.     Service was spot on. Professional but not overbearing or obvious.     A little disappointed that they were out of two ingredients for one of their signature cocktails, but it WAS the day before Mardi Gras.   The bread and butter at the table was excellent. Crunchy outside, soft inside.   The beets salad was so much better and different from similarly named items at other restaurants. The greens literally tasted like they had been picked from a sun warmed field minutes before.    G's Choucroute was a meaty fiesta. He loved it. My crab ravioli was lovely with a delicate Meyer lemon sauce.     Bread pudding for dessert was just how we like it - sans raisins.    Truly a memorable meal. Way better than most hotel restaurants.You can't go wrong with the brunch at Luke!  I always get the fried chicken and waffles.  It comes with cane syrup and gravy on the side.  Ummm!  On a weekday, it is good for lunch or dinner with friends or the hubby.  I recommend the Luke burger (even though I believe it is sacrilegious to order a burger at an establishment such as this, however this is THE exception!) The flamenkutche is really good, too.  It is like a German pizza.  I also enjoy the cochondelait poboy, shrimp & grits, and croque madame , which are excellent.  We are never disappointed and always enjoy the ambiance of the old style New Orleans  restaurant.Once again a large group of friends, 10 of us in total ordered nearly everything on the menu and had a tasting party!  The servers are extremely knowledgeable and attentive even as busy as they were.  The food was amazing, beautifully presented and deliciously prepared.  Our courses were perfectly spaced to allow for complete enjoyment and heighten our expectations of what was next to come!  I enjoyed the    entrecôte grillée au frites grilled ribeye with maître d'hôtel butter or sauce béarnaise, it was PERFECTLY cooked, medium rare!!!  Needless to say, we had a delightful evening and would love to return on our next trip to New Orleans.The service was great and the food even better. I had the 'pressed pig sandwich' and it was incredible. It is a toasted sandwich with the perfect fixins.  I could have gone across the street and down one block and had a toasted Quiznos sandwich for 1/3 the price, but it would have been a mistake!  If you like toasted sandwiches, you can't skip this one.Lükes had a nice environment. The food was superb. The servers tended to our large party quickly. The gumbo was phenomenal.Best raw oysters in NOLA! If you've seen any of my other NOLA reviews, I've been all over the city looking for the best oysters, and Luke's definitely tops all the others. I've been there 3 times in 16 days. They have the fantastic happy hour special, during which they have .50 cent oysters and half off beer. Can't get a better deal. And their oysters are the fattest, juiciest oysters in the city! They actually have a minneret sauce and the sharpest horseradish sauce that just goes straight to your senses and cleans your airways. Love it!I also had the shrimp & grits once, and I had never had them before, but the dish was wonderfully balanced and delicious, unlike some of the other New Orleans restaurants that only heap on the salt and butter. Their bread pdding is a wonderful dessert as well. Again, very balanced with an even texture, with handmade ice cream piled on top.The only reason why this place has 4 stars instead of 5, though, is that the service is not great here. Wonderful, wonderful food, but they have some of the slowest service I have had here. They have all of these staffers and hostesses and waiters walking around the restaurant, which isn't too big, but they take a long time with everything!I'm sad to say that I was disappointed with this restaurant. It was just okay. I ordered the shrimp and grits and it just didn't really do it for me. I think that could be a hang-up of mine though, because the grits just didn't have the right texture due to the cheese that was mixed into them. I guess I'm picky that way. I probably wouldn't go back to this restaurant if I ever make my way to New Orleans again. There's too much other good stuff.Great wine selection. Shrimp and grits rocked. Weird waiter outfitsHad shrimp & grits, delicious huge shrimp!  The lobster bisque good. We tried ordering oysters but the table before us had ordered over 120, every last one the restaurant had...will go back when we are back in town and order oysters!Two stars seems generous. First, they don't have control over their A/C and heat because they're connected to a hotel, and it was FREEZING. Literally everyone in the place had their jackets on, and the food became lukewarm almost instantly. Second, the service was poor and uninformed--everyone there seemed peeved, and clueless about wine. Third, I had the bizarre mozzarella-topped ham and cheese sandwich, and my homegirl had jãgerschnitzel, both of which are kind of hard to mess up--we both could only bring ourselves to eat half of our portions with great willfulness. The ambiance is nice, but kind of chain-y, which could also be said of the food. It was a huge bummer to spend so much money on such sub-par food.Lively atmosphere and very friendly bartender. $0.50 cent oysters during happy hour.I got   the choucroute garnie maison, which was a mix of ham leg, pork belly, and bratwurst. I started with the crawfish bisque. All was fantastic, until I got an allergic reaction to the bisque a couple of hours after dinner. I am not allergic to crawfish but I am allergic to crab. So warning, other seafood makes its way into the crawfish bisque. My friend got shrimp and grits and reported that it was great.I had brunch here last Sunday.  The gulf oysters were some of the best that I had ever had.  I also had some excellent gumbo.    I would definitely come here again.  My friend had the eggs, grits, and soft shell crab...he said it was excellent.  We ate at the bar and the bartender was knowlegeable.This place was just a nice place to eat.  Went on a Sunday, but pretty early, 6 pm.  Had the matzo ball soup, and it was the best I have ever had.  If you plan to have another dish, just get the cup.  After that, I went for the burger. (I am allergic to shellfish.)  The bacon was wonderfully smoked, the grilled onions were awesome.  Great place for seafood lovers who also need to satisfy someone who can't go there.Our party ate here twice.  We went to happy hour with half prices drinks and 50 cent oysters.  Best oysters and cocktails I got the whole trip.  Sazeracs were made well, with good rye and my friend got some extra, a pretty large one.  We did also get the chicken with vegetables and they split it into two portions, each in its own iron container pan.  Classy.  You also get bread with your meal and won't go hungry. Good staff too. Some of them are funny and from the North.  It is also cool to sit towards the kitchen and watch them prepare food in the big windows.What a great dinner!!!! It started off with a fabulous cocktail, oyster shooters and a few smooches. Oops I guess that only came with my dinner. Anyway, I had a wonderful time at the restaurant. My fiance' and I both had a wonderful meal and will definitely go back when we visit again.The Corn Crab Bisque was thin, everything in it was over-soft as if it had been sitting too hot too long. The Cochon pork was good, moist and tasty. The sausage was smoky but otherwise rubbery and forgettable. I had the bread pudding which came in a ramekin,  was at least 24 hours since it had been put together. It was nuked, the exterior was as hard as granite and the interior was cold. Yuck. Maybe I made a mistake ordering the special but I was mostly disappointed.  The service was good (it was a Tuesday night) and the bar served a good martini.Went in for dinner on Sunday night.  Fries were as good as everyone says they are.  My "chocroute?" skillet of sausages and pork pieces had a quarter inch of liquid fat in it, which was a little much for me and my wife, and I'll try almost anything.  There are definitely better things on the menu.  Waiter was terrible, but the observant hostess was on her game, jumped in and saved the day.  Fortunately, they also sport a fantastic dessert menu - espresso profiterols & more, all excellent.  That pastry chef has got skills.Okay at best....far better choices in NOLA!   Shrimp & grits was good but tiny!!!  I have had this dish in many places and this was by far the smallest.  The girl who waited on us had a huge attitude...Shawn.  Pretty much gave us the impression that she did not care at all about if we were satisfied or not.if its possible john besh made me fall in love with shrimp and grits more so than i already was the night we ate here. we wanted to do one night where we kind of splurged...and this was supposed to be that night but we didn't wind up paying that much money for some really delicious food (and LOTS of it)! shrimp and grits! i dont even remember what else we had but i remember walking away food drunk and so happy to be in NOLA that the freezing temps didn't even bother me!!!We visited Luke for a late dinner on a Sunday night and, based on other reviews, it seemed like an off night.  We ordered the blood sausage for an appetizer and, though our server told us how wonderful it is when served with mustard, failed to bring the mustard to our table.  We were hard-pressed to even get a refill of our water.  The blood sausage was pretty average and probably would have been much better had it been complete with the mustard.  We split the shrimp and grits which were quite good.  The grits were creamy but still had a nice texture.  We decided to skip dessert because the service was poor and our waiter was often no where to be found, despite the fact that the restaurant wasn't that busy.  Once again, we probably caught them on an off night with a sub-par server but our visit left something to be desired.Excellent lunch spot. Attentive waiters, really enjoyed my burger.Did the Happy hour specials. Cant beat .50 oysters and 1/2 price drinks. Large, salty oysters! We sat at the bar and service wasn't super fast and had to ask for another beer- twice. Wish we would have returned for dinner instead of cabbing it to Cochon later that night.I ordered the Étouffee of blue crab & brown shrimp, my friend ordered shrimp and grits. We came when drinks were have off (SCORE!) so ordered a sazerac and riverbend...sazerac was super strong! I thought the food was really solid. The etouffee had so much flavor and the crab was fantastic..really fresh tasting and freshly made pasta. Shrimp and grits was really tasty and had a nice spice to it. I'm taking off a few points for the service which was really bad. By the time we got seated it took 15 minutes for someone to take our drink order or even acknowledge us even though the servers past us by at least 10 times.This place was awful. Freezing cold, almost idiotic staff and really bad food. I mean BAD. My meat was tough, the spaetzle was dry and flavorless, the wine was no good, and my dining partners sandwich seemed as if it was a joke. It was huge, covered in cheese and almost inedible in size and flavor. I cannot begin to even fathom where these good reviews are coming from, or how they can justify these prices. I really would have rather eaten fast food than this crap.BEST HAPPY HOUR!!!  $0.50 oysters and half priced drinks across from our hotel...  What else does a girl need?Great place!  Charcuterie, oysters, and gumbo are top notch.  Cheese tart is money too!  Make a reservation!Not your typical Hotel Restaurant.  A John Besh Restaurant which is the main reason we went here.  The service was lacking - I think it was due to our server having a table of eight on the side of us.  We ordered the Crawfish Bisque which was good . . . . . then we got our serving of bread.  It would have been nice to get the bread with the Bisque.  I ordered the Shrimp and grits which was good but the portion size was that of an appetizer. The wife had a steak which was good.  Dessert was just ok - no wow factor here.  Good bar scene - Drinks were good and strong - no holding back on the amount of alcohol they put in your glass.  Just OKHad a great meal there.  A bit pricey but its ok. Tried the meat platter and loved it. The food portions here was plentiful and the drinks were right on the $$$Money$$$Great courtbouillion, seafood gumbo. Service (i.e, pacing between courses) was a bit uneven.The very best bloody mary I've ever had, anywhere, anytime. I'd love to check out happy hour sometime, also looks amazing. Improve the service a bit and it's a "5".Fish was overcooked. Service was pretty bad too. I told them of a food allergy, but the food came out with said ingredient on the plate. They agreed to remake the food. By the time my food actually came out, everyone had to leave to get back to a work event (and we were there for 1.5 hours, so it's not like they didn't have enough time!). The servers and managers came over and apologized profusely, but they did not offer any compensation: e.g. dessert, drinks, a free meal. Talk is cheap. Luke is not cheap... and not cheap enough to warrant this kind of service and food.Restaurant week menu had smaller portions, but overall very good.Foods are above average, get the 50cent fresh oysters!!best place on the other side of Canal st.. believe what you read !!!! Best oysters I have ever had fried,and I come from oyster capital of Texas. Luke burger is FINE !! daily specials are out of this world,I had Lamb meatballs on Wed. Comes with everything. Our waitress was Suzanne,PERFECT,I wish I had just one employee,as GOOD. Pat G. Corpus Christi,Tx.This place is part of the Hilton hotel and way more expensive than the Yelp price range suggests.  Room-service food at room-service prices!Must! Must! Must stop! Especially if military, and definitely if Marine Corps. This is one of  our own who made it big, but did it right. Food is phenomenal! Staff is extraordinary!My food was good, loved the texture and flavor. The Lüke Salad was a bit too salty. My partner's food was a bit on the blend side, the bratwurst was huge but not very flavorful. The Service was great, the atmosphere was awesome also.Service and oysters are fantastic! Shrimp and grits are top notch.Had the chicken for dinner and Creme brûlée for desert. Both were fantastic! Best meal I've had on this business trip.It's been an entire year since I ate at this restaurant and I am still as rhapsodic over the food as I was the first time. We stayed at the Hilton and while famished decided to wander down here for breakfast. That proved to change the game for the entire trip. The first day I can't even remember what I had but it was delicious. Came back later that afternoon and had the Baked Oysters... ordered them again later that night... and then the next day... and on the last day I had what could possibly be the best dish I've ever had... Eggs in a Jar.....OH. MY. GAWD.... I still gaze at the picture I took of it fondly ever saw often. Then to top it off everytime we went the servers were amazing... especially the last time where we had this young gentleman server who's name I cannot remember but he looked like a young Leonardo DiCaprio (ie hot) and had the most amazing cajun accent (which made him even hotter)... i want to get on a plane right now just to come back here again....I ate here twice in the span of a week. The choucroute and moules et frites were great (very very good fries). I would definitely recommend to others.The food was good but overall the experience was average.  I ordered the shrimp and grits with lump crab and it was good. It had a nice flavor cajun that wasn't too spicy,  cooked in lots of butter but honestly the grits were my favorite part?!  The boyfriend ordered the fried chicken and waffles.  On their own the chicken and waffles were okay but overall I was not a fan.  The syrup had a weird sweet, licorice flavor to it and was really unpleasant but my boyfriend loved it so, who knows?!They have fifty cent oysters from 3-6! And one of the best burgers and fries my boyfriend and I have ever had. Simple ingredients elevated to something sublime. Get some oysters and split the burger and fries and you've just eaten at one of the best restaurants in New Orleans on the cheap. The service was friendly and impeccable.Kind of pricey but the service and food were awesome!I had the Monday special, a fried pork chop with polenta and wilted greens. The wilted greens are the southern kind...bitter and vaguely smoky.  They serve the mains in these cast iron camp dishes.  We also had the roasted beet salad and a cup of mozzo ball soup to share.  All of this was good but HEAVY.  I felt sort of dizzy after. That might also have something to do with the fact that this was one of the loudest restaurants I have ever been to in my life. My bf was a big fan of the windowed kitchen...he was rapt in his man-crushes on all the chefs working the line. Lots of flame-cooked stuff in there. Romantic this dinner was not.Always up for trying a John Besh restaurant, so came here with a friend during NOLA Restaurant Week. Ambiance was nice, very relaxed and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. It almost felt like you were in a big kitchen- but in a good way! We ordered off the Restaurant week "choose 3 courses" menu. I had the crab & corn bisque to start (not that impressed), followed by a stuffed shrimp entree (I can't remember the name, but it was SO yummy! The waitress said that they had taken it off the regular menu for some reason..no idea why), and ended it with the bread pudding (it's hard to go wrong with this in my heart...we kind of have a love affair, bread pudding and I. Absolutely decadent.) Overall, I was happy and would return.We had a mixed experience here.  One dish was good enough to warrant our return.  One of them was good and the other tasty but missed the mark. There are two areas - the bar and a separate, quieter dining area.  The bar was crazy busy and deafening.  Luckily we'd made OpenTable reservations so we were able to get seated.  Unfortunately, it was in the bar area.  When I asked the hostess about eating in the quieter area, she said there was a wait (didn't say how long) and pretty much indicated that our table would be in the bar.  At first she sat us at a dirty table.  We were immediately moved to a ready table after I complained.  Minutes later we saw the couple that came in after us seated in the dining area.  WTF?!The Food: we ordered the Flamenkuche - an Alsatian onion tart, for a starter.  This is one of the best things we've had anywhere.  Piled high with caramelized onions, rich cheese, crispy pork, and a beautiful crunchy crust.  It was too rich to finish - definitely too much for two people.  We ordered the shrimp and grits (jumbo shrimp "en cocotte") and a shrimp/blue crab ettoufee .    The shrimp/grits had a great flavor, but the kitchen was heavy-handed with the salt.  I like salty, but this was almost excessive.  The dish could've used 30% more grits and 30% less salt and it would've been great.The shrimp/blue crab ettoufee was served over pasta, along with what seemed like melted butter, not much of a real sauce - we didn't taste the fennel.  The seafood in it was excellent, but there wasn't any balance to the dish - nothing to offset the richness.We ordered a fig tart and got a cold apple one instead (almost seemed stale).  Not a good tart at all.  When we asked the waiter about it - he said they didn't have the fig tart.  He comped  a couple of our drinks to make up for the dessert - worked out well, but why don't they take the fig tart off of the menu?This should be a four-star review, except for the screw up with the dessert, the lackluster hostess skills, and the mediocre ettoufee.Loved the atmosphere you can have a drink and get lost for a while. Just had the oysters and a beer but will be back!Our waiter was awesome! The food was awesome! Our favorite restaurant that we tried when we went to New Orleans!If you're adventurous in your food-tasting, I guess this would be the place to go.I came here during Mardi Gras weekend, and found it (after searching for 30 minutes) in one of the alleyways with very few people dining in. It seemed strange to me, as people on the streets were raging outside, why this restaurant was as deserted as it was. I soon found out the reason.THE FOOD was definitely not my cup of tea. We were feeling adventurous and ordered the Pâté of Louisiana rabbit & chicken livers and Pied de cochon"croustillant" off the Charcuterie section. NOT WHAT WE WERE EXPECTING. Apart from the fact that we did not speak French and had NO idea what we were ordering, the waiter made no attempt to help us despite our questioning gazes. When they arrived, the croustillant turned out to be two small pieces of deep-fried undistinguishable meat (or pig's feet meat, not that we could tell). We couldn't see where the Louisiana rabbit & chicken livers were, but on the other plate was a jar full of questionable jam. We soon found out the "jam" was actually the "pâté" of the livers. Ech.THE SERVICE was pretty absent (or should I say absentminded?). When we first entered the restaurant, the host was talking on the phone with her friend/SO, and even though we stood right in front of her, she kept on giggling to the person on the other end of the phone. It wasn't until a man with a managerial vibe stood behind her that she hung up the phone and showed us to our seats. Our waiter clearly was not really paying attention. He told us he would bring us water with lemons and straws, and it took him 30 minutes to bring just the water, without the lemons and straws (but I guess I must be too picky). When it was time to ring up the check, he brought us a check totaling $100. Um excuse me? No way two deep-fried balls and a jar of pate could cost $100. We had to wait for him to come around to ask him if it was the right check. So in total: Time we spent waiting for service = 1-2 hoursTime we spent eating = 10 minutesGet the picture?THE ATMOSPHERE was pretty good. Dim lighting gave off a romantic kind of feel. The bookshelves were a nice touch. Made me want to grab a book and start reading it while waiting for service.This review is based on service. Horrible service for our large party with reservation. It took over an hour to get our entrees and they messed up many orders. Jumbo shrimp dish was a joke. I do not recommend.The cocktails were fantastic. I'd have drank many more French 75's if only I could have. The food was good, but it didn't knock my socks off. I'd come again for lunch, but it probably wouldn't be my first choice. I would come again for drinks any time.Positives:  We had the gumbo and fresh gulf fish--excellent.  The veggies were perfectly cooked (my wife still can't stop talking about the brussel sprouts).Negatives: The waitress was in a bad mood and my seat was right under the A/C vent.  I got so cold, I sat on the bench seat by my wife and another diner.Food:  5 starsService: 1 starWe ordered the court-bouillon from the express menu and jumbo Louisiana shrimp. The gumbo soup came with my order of court-bouillon was the best I had in New Orleans and the combination of shrimp, oyster, crab, red fish with rice was amazing! The other order was the jumbo shrimp and together with cheese tasted perfectly rich and fresh. Our waiter was very knowledgeable even though he recommended a draft that was just ok. They also offered breakfast and brunch and we overheard the customers next table visited 3rd time in two days. Definitely a place to spend a night in French Quarter.We needed a place to eat a late lunch/early dinner and Luke was recommended by the front desk of the hotel.  I read the reviews after and think I still would have given it a try, even though some folks didn't like it.  The review that sums it up is a Yelper that said he went here twice, once a 5 and then the next time a 1 star experience.  It all depends on the timing here. I ordered the Shrimp and Grits and my wife had something tasty, but we both can't remember because of the problems with my order.   The Shrimp was mushy, not firm.  I tried one and had to spit it out.  I thought that maybe the next one would be ok and ate that one...still mushy.  Usually that's a sign that the shrimp is old.  The place was relatively empty and they had plenty of staff milling about, but I couldn't get anyone to come to the table. I finally got a bus boy to come over and I "Tried" to explain what was up with the dish.  He took it back to the kitchen and no one came back to our table until 10 minutes later another dish of Shrimp and Grits.  It was about the same, so I ate it, but worried all night that those little shrimp where going to try and swim back up stream. I didn't get sick, but there are SO MANY Great restaurants in NOLA that I will never try this one again.I went with three others for a business dinner. It is a small place so reservations are recommended -- walk-ups are acceptable but don't count on it and the bar does not have that many seats. The food is pretty good. My colleagues ordered the Lukeburger, the special pork loin (lots of food) and the breaded lamb. I had the shrimp & grits -- the house favorite. It is not overly filling which allows you to have a cup of soup or dinner salad and a dessert (I had the bread pudding and it was great). The tables are small (good for two, not for four). The service was a bit slow -- took us a while to get our bread and desserts. Bottom-line, a good place to dine.Half price oysters are the bomb! Love that they offer half price oysters. My hubby and I ordered two dozen and a couple of cocktails. They were awesome.  Service was very good.  Would definitely return to Luke's when we're back in NOLA.This place was very nice and intimate, a great place for a date or a mid afternoon desert for two.  It was definitely a little pricey, but in the end the food and service was worth it.Wow...what can I say about a John Besh restaurant that hasn't already been said.  His food is one of a kind.  Its a great take on local ingredients and flavors.  I loved my experience eating here.  The shrimp and grits is phenomenal.  Next time im here, ill be back.This place is awesome and I think I have a chef crush on John Besh! We came in here NYE and ate the most glorious foie gras terrine ever (I still dream about it). We also ordered the heavenly tower of seafood goodness (if you like seafood - it's a must have). Simply but perfectly cooked crab, lobster, clams, oysters, shrimp - you name it. It was delicious, but a bit messy. I couldn't get enough of the oysters and stone crab - the portion was perfect for 2 ppl. And the best part - good value for the money. I definitely think for the money we paid we got great food. I am coming here for sure next time I'm in the Big Easy.Lunch special is a great deal.We went to Luke during jazz fest, there was a group of six of us, and we were seated in the most awkward booth in the restaurant... staring at the front door right by the host's stand. We all started with cocktails, which were pretty fantastic. I'm a big fan of the French 75. The server disappeared for a long time before we could order... any questions we had about the menu we had to look up on someone's iphone since he was not available to answer questions about terms we were unfamiliar with. We began the meal with salads... I had the yard egg salad, which was pretty fantastic! My favorite part of the meal, by far. The way the egg explodes onto the greens with the crunch of crispy pig's ear... just amazing. The person who brought our salads was not our server and was very confused about who had ordered which salad, there seems to be a pretty serious lack of communication at Luke.Everyone enjoyed a different entree, and after a considerable wait, which is somewhat understandable considering how busy they were, they finally arrived. My mom had the mussels, which was stuffed to the brim, good quantity, although the flavor was fairly bland. It also came with fries which were COLD. My mom did send them back and after a bit of a wait, got a fresh batch. I had the duck confit, which I think was one of the best entrees, although it did come with some kind of fatty pork product that I passed off to my boyfriend which he happily ate. My boyfriend had the crispy pork belly and clams pasta, which was just fairly bland overall. Everyone else was pretty underwhelmed with the experience.At some point through the entree some of the people ordered another round of drinks... they were out of some of the beers on the menu, and the server never brought a glass of wine that was ordered, however he didn't charge us for it either so it wasn't  that big of a deal.For dessert, my boyfriend had the bread pudding that was fairly dry and did not come with enough sauce or ice cream to make up for the dryness. Overall, we were generally disappointed. I love John Besh and have really enjoyed my experiences at Restaurant August. I think that a lot of the problems at Luke are a result of understaffing and poor management.Really 3.66 stars but ok 4ish.  50 cent oysters were the bomb, paid $4 in SF for ones almost as good.  Shrimp with grits was slightly better than the cochon au lait both great if not a bit too salty. Overall good place!We were on a new oyster hunt at a place that was not Acme or one of the other New Orleans traditional restaurant. Luke was a great discovery for this venture. Upon reading some of the reviews on Yelp, and even though we read it has sometimes poor service, but great food, we decided to give it a whirl! Our whirl worked out well.  LUKE IS AWESOME!!!!!The menu has a lot of German influences in it and that, we liked. We fired up the duck pate first, along with some Blue Point Oysters. DDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEEEELISH. The pate was smooth, well blended, exquisite and fresh. It is served with a variety of freshly made relishes and some grain mustard to spread on some thin crispy toast. OUTSTANDING. We enjoyed it very slowly!The Blue Points were the freshest, smoothest and best I have had in years. I was, at first, a lil underwhelmed with the dab of horseradish that came with the oysters and then quickly found out it was the most potent taste bud jarring spicy root. I love me some spice kick & this was fierce and very tasty! A dab will do ya' even if your a leather mouth.My eating partner tried some bratwurst and I went for the beet salad. All outstanding. The service was excellent. They were very attentive and quick on all points. We loved our experience with Luke and then on top of all of that it was not outrageously priced. BONUS!!!!!!!!Love to Luke!Its a John Besh restaurant so my expectations were elevated.  We started with the Oysters and they were good a fresh.  Got the shrimp and grits and it was average at best.  To be honest it tasted kinda burnt.  My son got sliders which were great.  But for this class of restaurant and expense it pretty sad to say order the sliders.  I would skip it and try one of Emeril's places on my next trip.So they have fresh oysters, but you can get fresh oysters and a more welcoming attitude in so many other places in New Orleans. Why allow some bartender make you feel uncomfortable when you're the spending money and trying to have a good time.First we sat at the bar and enjoyed terrific cocktails- including an excellent Sazerac and old fashioned with a rich selection of bourbons. The bartenderers were knowledgeable and welcoming......Then we enjoyed dinner.  I had the salad with fried oysters, and the caesar dressing was perfect! My husband had the boudin noir sausage, and it was extremely flavorful. Then I had a plate of gulf oysters.  My husband had the croque madame with nice bread and excellent ham.  The food used very high quality ingredients, and I loved the atmosphere.The desserts were good, and the service was nice, though a bit slow.The burger was phenomenal. Crazy happy hour deal for oysters and beer. Good looking restaurant.Nice space, great vibe and some good dishes.  Especially fond of the pork rillettes appetizer!The faux grois appetizer was excellent, the oysters on the half shell were yummy. They do a Sazerac right there too! Echo what everyone else says about the duck.I went to Luke for lunch and loved every minute of it.  The cocktail that I began with was delicious, called the 'French 75'.  It was champagne, cognac, and lemon juice.  The lunch menu was just what I was looking for that day, a nice ,yet casual, comforting meal.  I had the BLT and others had their famous burger, loved both but will try other menu items because most of them interested me.  Very excited to go back to try all of the menus!  Seems like they have a great Happy Hour too!Luke, Luke, Luke. I want to love you, but there are just too many things wrong. I love Besh's other restaurants. They rank at the very top of my favorite restaurants list, but Luke is just disappointing.Happy hour? Great happy hour, especially since I work next door. (3-6pm daily, half price for most drinks, 50c oysters). I love their French 75, and the rest of their cocktails are pretty decent too. However, the oysters at happy hour are usually small and they recently raised the price to 50cents per oysters.Lunch? Oh my goodness. If you have two hours for lunch, feel free to stop by, but if you're like any normal person, you probably don't have that kind of time. Service is incredibly slow at lunch, almost to the point of being inexcusable.Food? Eh. I've never had anything bad, that's for sure. The burger, BLT (it's made with softshell crab!), mussels are all very good dishes, but nothing has ever come close to being amazing.Overall, I would say Luke is a mediocre restaurant that has decent food. I will continue to go for happy hour drinks, but that's the only draw for me.I thought this would be one of those over-hyped, celebrity chef affairs, but it was quite good.Came here for the TG day buffett whic was great.  i alsotried the shrip and grits which was good.  The Marine Corps stuff on the walls was neat to see.  A bit overpriced though copared to comparable food elsewhere in the quarter.Great food, fun atmosphere. Def recommended!The COCHON DE LAIT  PRESSED SANDWICH was absolutely delicious. I can't wait to go back and try some of the other yelp recommendations. The service was excellent but the restaurant wasn't crowded for an early Saturday lunch. I would rate it a five star but I have only tried one item so far.Holy Smokes! The Duck/Rabbit Pate was amazing!!!  I'm still thinking about it right now.  Went to happy hour and had platters of oysters.  $0.50/per oysters during happy hour, can't beat that.   Beer was good as well.  Will definitely have to go back to try out the rest of the menu.Ehhh... At least for lunch. Étouffée was ok if you live in Wyoming. Value and cost are not commensurate... Not even close. Go to a diff John  Besh (like Borgne near the Hyatt Regency)...4 Stars for service. Staff wasn't pushy, went the extra mile, relaxed but attentive and professional.Pate of Louisiana Rabbit & Chicken livers perfumed with truffles country bread croutons  10.00 Great Appetizer, reasonable price.Jumbo Louisiana Shrimp "En CoCotte" McEwen & Sons' creamy white corn grits & Poche's andouille 22.00 Tasted good but overpriced. Shrimp and grits for $22.00, come on...Luke BurgerAllan Benton's bacon, caramelized onions, tomatoes, Emmenthaler Swiss cheese with house-made fries 16.50 Good but not great.Really enjoyed the French 75 cocktail.Casual atmosphere, cool decor, great service, a bit pricey, kinda loud.What can I say. Food, service all of it was perfect. We had the steak and étouffée. A little foie gras to begin with started us off nicely.Second time in 2 days.  Dinner was outstanding - rabbit pate, shrimp and grits, and oven roasted chicken were excellent.  Brunch menu selection excellent.  Quality of ribeye excellent but under seasoned.  Medium rare steak came out overcooked to medium.  The oyster salad was excellent but gritty.  Mussels outstanding.  Service provided by Sarah and Andrew was excellent.Went here for my birthday while in New Orleans on vacation.  Had the Shrimp and Grits and gumbo for starter.  Wanted to go to at least one John Besh restaurant while we were there and it didn't disappoint. Was very busy and noisy but that was to be excepted - there was a Saints game that nightGreat happy hour.  Burger was delicious.  I have also had shrimp and grits which were outstanding.  Highly recommend.Exceptional and exotic preparations.  Mine was skate wing, lightly breaded.  Tender, moist, succulent.Hands down the best meal I've had in New Orleans. Our waiter was hilarious, the service was impeccable, and the food was to die for. We'll definitely be back.Great food and great drinks.  My husband and I were in New Orleans for the first time right after Mardi Gras 2008.  This place was great.  We liked it so much that we went back again our last night just for drinks and dessert.  I highly recommend this restaurant!We were looking forward to checking out one of Besh's restaurants while visiting New Orleans and decided on Luke's.  We were not disappointed.  For drinks, we started with the Champagne Au Peche and the French "75" which tasted like a cady margarita (I preferred the first drink).  The oysters were fresh and sweet and the rabbit/duck liver pate was delicious!  We went back again just for the pate!  For dinner, my bf had the mussels which were nice and buttery and I had the entrecote with bernaise sauce...yum.  The decor; simple, bistro style...nothing too fancy with nice, laid back service.My wife and I went to Luke for an early lunch. The environment is relaxed and the service was top notch. Our waiter was very friendly and helpful, but not annoying. I ordered the brisket and my wife had a sandwich with ham, egg and cheese. The brisket was better than any I have ever had. It was served in a cast iron dish with potatoes and carrots: so simple, but done just right, tender and delicious. My wife loved hers and the few bite I had were very good. The prices were very reasonable and we will be back on our next trip to NOLA.Great Bar.  Great Food. I loved the shrimp and grits.  It was so amazingly flavorful.Based on my experiences at Luke's (and other restaurants in New Orleans), I've become a HUGE fan of John Besh. Luke's is a fantastic restaurant that is a must visit when you are in New Orleans. We frequent this restaurant because we stay at the Intercontinental on a regular basis. You'll love it!Always a must stop when in New Orleans. One of my favorite restaurants in a city filled with great places.  Ate here over the Christmas holidays twice, once for breakfast and once for lunch.  At lunch, had the assorted chacuterie.  It was simply amazing.  Also had the beet salad and the crab salad.  Again, just wonderful.  The service is attentive and professional. And the atmosphere is great.Located in the Hilton on St. Charles, so it is open everyday, even major holidays for all meals.Terrible food, slow service. Avoid this place. Better food at BK.great causal chic atmosphere and awesome service.but the food was underwhelming and overpriced, small portions, and it seemed you could get better at the millions of other restaurants in the city.Food very good  - waitress had a bit of an attitude and rather spoiled the experience - Shawn just acted like she wasn't trying.Excellent food. Nice atmosphere and the waitress was friendly and fast. We may end up here again before we go home.My favorite John Besh restaurant. It's quick and easy for my lunch hour, and still  has exceptional service and delicious food. Try the fried oyster salad and the hamburger. The shrimp and grits is a bit too salty for me.very accommodating after our party grew spontaneously. The food is ridiculously good. Priced about right for my taste, but i'm used to LA prices. The grits were money and the service was prompt and attentive.Ate Xmas Lunch here. Downside: they ran out of shrimp. Upside: great crab omelette. Reasonably priced and lots of locals.We went to Luke for dinner. The room smelled subtly (and pleasantly) of sauerkraut when we walked in. The menu has German influences as well as local ingredients and dishes. We had the Wednesday special (Shrimp Creole) and the Moules  et Frites. Both were great. The mussels were some of the best I've had in a while - very fresh and flavorful. Service was just OK - attentive, but we felt like we were being rushed, and our server seemed impatient.I went to Lüke for two consecutive days. I absolutely loved their happy hours. Oysters were oh-so-fresh and delish! Only $6 for a dozen!!! Service was great. I wish Lüke was here in Chicago. Didn't order any other food but they looked just as delicious. Can't wait to come back to this place!This neo-Franco/German spot is the bomb - tick, tick, BOOM!!! I wish it was located in Atlanta! I ate the crawfish bisque and the "pressed sandwich of whole roasted cochon de lait" with cherry mustard, carmelized onions, and pommes frites. AMAZING! This was true, even if the mustard and onions were a bit tangy for my likes. The waiter was quick and attentive. But, beware: There is a nasty bartendress. She was absolutely unpleasant and even pushed us off onto another bartender. That bartender, Tom I think, was marvelous. That man knows how to treat customers and to make drinks worth the money. Long story short: We stuffed ourselves silly and sleepy. Seriously, I didn't want to leave because everything else looked great. But they forced my lovely to roll me out the front door. Get there without delay. MiLOLüke's did not disappoint the three of us. We dropped in without a reservation at about 7 PM on a Friday night. Not surprisingly it was quite busy since a convention plus the French Quarter Festival was in full swing. Still, we were seated, waited on and serviced in good time. We all agreed that the food was excellent. (I had the shrimp en-cocotte). I was going to give the waitstaff 4-stars until 24 hours later when I realized that I had left my credit card in the restaurant. A quick call confirmed they had it in a safe spot and a call to the credit card company showed it had not be used. Thanks Lüke. 6-stars if I could award it.Great food. Happy Hour great!!!Highly recommend.  Oysters at $0.50! Can't go wrongWe came for a late lunch.  First we started with a dozen of the local oysters and a mint julep.  Well eating one of the oysters I found a pearl inside which was amazing.  The oysters were amazing in flavor and were very large.  The mint julep was so strong! We then had a dozen of the raw shrimp.  Raw means cooked or broiled served on ice.  These shrimp were extra large size and were so delicious.  We then ordered another dozen of the oysters because they were so good.  We also ordered flammenkueche, this is like a really flat bread with cheese onions and bacon..the bacon is so good.  Also on our second dozen of oyster my husband got a pearl! We would go back to this place again for sure.This was great!  Just went last night, got the beet salad for appetizer/starter and the sausage for entree.  I definitely did not take advantage of all the menu has to offer but what I had was excellent(apparently sausage is house-made), I made a reservation and got seated right away, the service was great, and all in all, it was a really great meal in Nola!Luke burger...in a word....awesome!Staff have always been kind and helpful (every other word in the menu was not in my vocabulary) This time, I had the shrimp and grits.  It was good but, like the other reviews have said, it's a bit too salty--overpowering the actual seasoning.  In the end, I felt like it wasn't worth what I paid.  Friend had the Luke burger, which she said was delicious (and more than worth what you pay).Last time, I had the Foie gras, veal w/pasta, and bread pudding for dessert. The bread pudding is one of the best I've ever had!I celebrated my husbands 50th with a large group and had read the positive reviews, so i was really excited. The food was honestly nothing special in a city full of amazing restaurants. Not bad, but nothing special either. When we return to the Big Easy, we won't be returning to LUKES.Great food. Super service (our server explained all the dishes to in detail). Reasonable prices. Unique selection of dishes (Rabbit and duck liver pate was awesome!). We went for dinner at 6PM. The bar is alongside the tables, so the noise level was very high for a while. We highly recommend this place. We loved it.Oh, and no screaming kids.Ate here for dinner with a few friends. We started with a cup of the gumbo which was on point. The shrimp was tender and not over cooked and the spiciness was perfect. For my main course I had the Poulet Grande-Mere, which was absolutely delicious. It was one of the best roasted chicken that I have had in a long time. It's cooked with pancetta in creamy sauce that was just divine. The service was what really made our experience from a good to a great one. He was a taller, young male, who was very attentive.  He was very informative and gave great beer suggestions. I will definitely be back when I visit New Orleans again.I've eaten here a few times and I usually get the "COCHON DE LAIT".  It's awesome.  It's directly across the street from my office making it very convenient.  I've always been seated right away, but the entree can take awhile during lunch.  We waited almost an hour one time.Delicious oysters, excellent shrimp gumbo, good service.  Overall great dining experience!  Will be back again!I've been twice for lunch and disappointed each time. The food is fine but in this city fine does not cut it. The service was down right bad the 2nd visit.Two Stars---Meh I've experienced better.... that perfectly describes my entire experience. Hostess to wait staff to food all "meh". Friendly staff, but not polished. The physical restaurant is beautiful and the fellow patrons were fun, friendly and enhanced the atmosphere. I don't get the hype at all, especially for the prices.We ordered the FlammenKuche (basically caramelized onions and cheese on a chip) which was interesting and tasty but lacked seasoning. I ordered the steak with fries and my boyfriend  got the pork shank with bratwurst and sauerkraut. All I could taste was the garlic butter on the steak vs the meat itself, fries were great. And the bratwurst looked disgusting and tasted like nothing but a weak beer, the pork was HUGE but  good, and the sauerkraut was soggy finely cut cabbage. The down and dirty? The table next to us ordered burgers, they were super cold when they were brought out, lady and husband  took a bite, very very nicely sent it back and when they brought the burgers out less than 5 minutes later they just microwaved the burgers and added new fries after telling the table they would make new ones....and the food was still cold! They were first offered a free desert then after the mess up, a free dinner.....the waiter or runner for our section had friends he started serving which was annoying because he kept leaning against our bench to talk to these girls. Don't waste your money and time here if you are not local!My wife and I were there in Feb. and we had to return to New Orleans for a wedding in July and our son was in the wedding. So we took him to Luke's   He is a fan of John and watches him on PBS TV. We enjoyed the food it was great.Great food and service. 1. Super friendly server who is very attentive and knowledgeable. 2. Pate of rabbit and chicken livers, w/  watermelon pickles and current jelly3. Crawfish Bisque was rich and yummy 4. Rabbit stew with pasta was great.5. Great wine selection.We will go backGreat Food! I love this place! Everything is yummy! Especially love the pommes frites!Definitely over rated. Waited well over an hour for dry duck.  Tried NoLa a couple days ago and their duck was several orders of magnitude better.I have only been here one time.  But the food was outstanding!!! Definitely the first restaurant I would hit up in New Orleans next time I am there.Impeccable service. Dittos on shrimp and grits. Don't miss beet salad!  Great wine list. A little jewelLuke is one of my favorites because of the food and also the hours.  It is open to 11 pm .  It is great to know you can get good food after 10 pm.  I love the Onion Tarte.  It is sort of like an Alsacian pizza.  Warm melted Emmenthaler cheese,on a tin crispy crust with sweet thin onions and the most delicious chunks of bacon ever.The hamburger at LUKE is the best in town, forget about the PORT OF CALL.  The fries are belgian style served in a silver cup mmm so great and addictive.  Breakfast is good here if a little pricey. The seafood is always fresh and perfectly prepared.  The wine list is good enough.  Th Alsacian selections are especially good.Service has always been and remains a problem in this restaurant.  Frequently it seems understaffed and a little nutty but honestly , the food is unique enough and the people sweet enough that I am patient with the staffing issues...as long as I get a cocktail early on in the wait.Nice place, great food. The shrimp farci with blood orange hollandaise was excellent. The restaurant is a short walk across Canal Street from the French Quarter.for starters, i was annoyed by our 10pm RSVP.  it was my fault; it was a friday night during jazz fest, and i called that day.  when we got there, i was even more annoyed by the hostess who asked me my name about 3-4 times and rarely made eye contact.once seated, things got better. the vibe is pretty cool.  i liked the lay-out and style of the restaurant.  we were seated in the back part of the restaurant, which had an amazing view of the kitchen; they were working hard back there!we started the evening with the roasted beets salad; it was good.  i especially appreciated the pistachios.  my wife ordered the "express menu" for friday, which included the soup (crawfish bisque), entree (the redfish "court-bouillon" with crab, shrimp, oysters, and rice), and dessert (bread pudding).  she loved it, but i thought the entree was a tad too smoky for my taste.  i had read in other reviews that the burger was good, so i tried it.  it basically melts in your mouth, and the fries are incredible; however, the bacon was a bit much.  i kind of liked how they served the burger on a wooden cutting board, but i did not like how the fries came with mini-bottles of ketchup, mayo, and mustard.  it seemed kind of wasteful.  dessert was good, but i wish they offered a variety of choices.when we return to NOLA, we will definitely go to LUKE again to try other items on the menu!I always hit the restaurant when I am in town. The Luke burger is unbelievable. I am also a big fan of their southern breakfast, never had better grits. I like that they serve your coffee in a french press.Amazing service.  They have their own micro brewery which is cool.  Oysters fresh and great!  Overall food was good with good presentation.Food and service was excellent.Thanksgiving buffet:  arrived at 3pm and the turducken was picked over, hardly any gravey in a hugh bowl and the pig nothing but a head and fatty nibs...to be kind maybe they don't have any idea of how to run a buffet but the one rule is that you do not let the table look savaged...I paid the same as the first person at the start...was really disappointed...even bought the cookbook before and really expected more from the BESH organization...wondered going in why people had very little on their dessert plates and then tasted the offerings:  not very good.My son did fix me a great salad...the beets were wonderful!  The gumbo was good but the rest of the dressings and side dishs just OK...coffee was extra...price was very reasonable and there were plenty of staff but they seemed kinda lame and seemed to pass a lotta time chatting with each other.Would hit many other places before returning to another BESH establishment and never for a holiday buffet.Having read the rave reviews for Luke, we couldn't NOT try it out for ourselves. The food and service were good but we were disappointed that they were out of all draft beers and, a bigger sin, out of foie gras. The dish that was recommended instead (rabbit liver pate) was okay but much too rich to finish even half of it. The moules frites were excellent and the portion generous. Front of house was a touch indifferent and lacking in Southern hospitality. All in all, would still strongly recommend but perhaps check ahead of time for availability of dishes you absolutely want to enjoy.A great place to take friends for a taste of Europe in New Orleans.  You can even enjoy half-priced drinks and oysters.  Thanks for another food gem in N.O. Mr. Besh!Stopped in here during my first night of a two night stay for business in NO right before Mardi Gras.  The restaurant was fairly busy when i walked in and told the hostess that there was just 1 person.  She replied, you can go to the bar to try to find a seat and if not, we can try to find a seat in the restaurant... a weird greeting but I was hungry from just getting off a plane so I managed to "find" a seat at the small bar.  I waited 10 minutes to get acknowledged by the bartender who said hi and asked if I wanted dinner.  After replying, he gave me a menu and walked away.. I guess I am not thirsty this evening.  He came back and asked if I knew what I wanted to eat.  So I started with my drink order and then ordered the "Jumbo" Shrimp and Grits; figuring NO would produce a decent sized shrimp given that is what it is known for (amongst other things).  After about 35 minutes of waiting, my food finally came.  There were 6 shrimp on the plate, all of which pale in comparison to a jumbo shrimp you would buy at any grocery store.  These shrimp were TINY; about the size of a medium or small frozen shrimp you would get at a Fry's/Kroger or Safeway in a bag.  The Grits was not to my liking but I think that was a personal opinion and not a complaint about the food.  The shrimp did have a good flavor I just wish they were "jumbo" as advertised.  The bartender did not ask how my meal was at all and did not offer me another drink once during my meal despite the fact that my glass was empty when my food was brought out.  My meal was all I got, meaning that I did not get any bread as some people indicated they received and it did not come with a side salad.  For a $24 plate, one would think it would at least come with one of those two options; but I was not expecting much from this bartender.  Being that I was not full off of 6 shrimp, i ordered the bread pudding, which was very good.  I highly recommend!All in all, the food was overpriced for what I got so be prepared to spend a decent chunk of change at this restaurant.  The bar had TVs but maybe they were there for decoration as they were not on (it was 7:00pm) Maybe go to a different restaurant and then come here for dessert.  Or come here when it's not busy or not before Mardi Gras weekend....This is not a 2 $ place. Portion size was small and prices were large. Liked the food but would have liked more of it. Service was a little forgetful but friendly. Would not go back.My wife and I went in hearing that they had 50 cent oysters. It was true!!! It is only for happy hour.  We had lunch on a separate occasion, it was also above average in this food town.Amazing food and service. We walked in on Sunday afternoon and was greeted by the fantastic bartender, Steve, who helped us pick out our meal. I was excited about all the fresh seafood, unfortunately the stone crab claws were on display, but not available. We did get delicious oysters, watch out the horseradish is spicy. Had the blue crab soup also delicious and because Steve told the chef we wanted to see what the restaurant offered, he sent a complimentary gumbo that was fabulous. For our main entree we got something that was not on the menu, but Steve told us was a great dish to show off the restaurant, a pork shank with onions and potatoes and sauage and then a little hidden secret pork belly. All of it was wonderful. The skin on the pork was crispy and fatty and the meat fell off the bone and eating with the hidden pork belly made it more delicious. We will be back!One of the best Restaurants we tried during our recent vacation. I had the Thursday special and OMG it was AWESOME. Mu daughter had the shrimps and grits and it was great too. When in New Orleans this is a must try.3-6pm happy hour 50c/oyster. Awesome! I sat at the bar. They also had half off for beer and wine. I haven't tried their beer but if I remember correctly, they brew them. When you order oyster ask for mignonette. It's red wine vinegar with charlottes and pepper. It's good when you pour it on top of the raw oyster, I personally like this better than lemon. They will also give you horseradish and shrimp cocktail sauce.Was looking forward to trying a John Besh restaurant but wound up being so disappointed. Waited 15 minutes for a table, very reasonable since we had no reservations. Upon sitting greeted by one waiter, different one brought drinks, back to first waiter who took appetizer order, back to second waiter who took main meal order, 1st one brought condiments, second one meal. Never knowing who our waiter was resulted in poor service, bread was never brought until we noticed other tables had it and we requested ours. Now down to the food, sooooo underwhelming. We started with the Flamencuche, which they were praised for based on the framed news article when you entered the restaurant. It was compared in the news article to a good pizza, it was terrible, thin flat bread was overwhelmed with an insane amount of onions, its all I could taste. For our meal ordered the burgers, because all the reviews praised Luke's for this. Once again so much carmalized onions and bacon, it made it hard to taste the meat. This place simply was overpriced and under-delivered. Even on their sodas, 3.25 for a small glass bottle soda, ridiculous. So disappointed, didn't even care to see the dessert menu. Mr Besh, I was not impressed would never return.I would have to give Luke's a 4 star only because they have the best oysters at Happy Hour for 50 cent an oyster!!! They were so fresh and succulent they serve them with fresh horseradish and cocktail sauce that made them even better. The dinner was not bad but also not my favorite but you must go for the Oysters!!!fresh, delicious, fast & courteous service! happy hour rocks!  50 cent oysters and half price beer!!Stopped in with a friend on the way to catch a show at Tipitina's but too pressed for time for the modest wait.  It was the end of JazzFest & I really wanted a good meal rather than being on my feet at Tip's all night so I took a cab back & ate solo at the bar.Sunday dining options are limited in this town I understand, luckily this place was just the ticket.  Friendly bar staff, recommended a good red.  One look to my left at the juicy steaks served up on butcher blocks & the menu was a formality (some very interesting offerings, though).  Perfect ribeye, seasoned to let the natural flavors dominate, and the 'maitre d'hotel butter' on top was a decadent flourish.  The trend continued as the person beside me also ordered this but with the warm crabmeat on top...looked amazing!I'd definitely make a point to return next time I'm in town.Great food, great service, great drinks.  Will return next time I am in town. The Crab Maison salad is to die for!If you are looking for 5-Star dining, or the BEST of any particular dish, you are in the wrong spot. But, if you are looking for really good food, a fun and knowledgeable wait and bartender staff (not to mention the best looking in NOLA) you have found your spot. I have eaten everywhere in NOLA, French Quarter, Warehouse District, every freakin' hotel and this place is right at the top for a satisfying, loud, get your buzz on, sexy, delicious bit of forget the day's business with a bowl of mussels and fries and more aperitifs than you can remember or shake a stick at, not too mention their own brews, a ruckus happy hour with crab and oysters and did I mention the best looking wait staff & bartendrixes in NOLA. You won't mind spending the little extra ...Perhaps we ordered the wrong things but this place was not good at all.  We went here for dinner and I ordered the express menu which included soup, redfish court-bouillon and bread pudding.  For the soup, I ordered the gumbo but had to send it back because it was painfully salty.  Not just a little bit salty but it tasted like someone dumped in the whole shaker.  I sent that back and got the crawfish bisque which was not inedible.  The redfish court-bouillon was decent, nothing special and again seemed to be oversalted.  The bread pudding looked great but was just ok - probably the best part of a subpar meal.Overall, very disappointing.  This place may be a great place to go for happy hour but for dinner it was not very good.I went to Luke for my Husbands B-day.  The reservation was last minute and they were able to accommodate me, which I appreciated.  The drinks left a little to be desired but the waiter made up for it by comp-ing them since we were not satisfied.  The food was great though!  The waiter told us that the burgers were rated 5th in the country and man was he right!  The stuffed shrimp and the ravioli are really good and surprisingly very filling.  Our waiter named Rye was awesome and knew the menu like the back of his hand.  Overall really nice meal, even better staff!Went into Lukes on Mardi Gras.  Incredible is all I can say.  We were seated right away, .50 oysters and 1/2 price beer is incredible.  Definitely try the pressed pork sandwich and the bread pudding is a must have!!  Loved my experience!!We waited by the door for 15+ minutes waiting for "tables to be arranged for 2" when we could see an open table just for 2 just feet away, which we ended sitting at. Service after that was pretty good, and the food was decent. I never got to see the inside of the restaurant bc we were seated by the door. :(This place is kinda awesome. Go hungry.Wow...just unexpected.  Try the smoked pork shank.  I haven't gotten it off my mind.  AMAZINGI Went on a thursday night. It was after 10, so the place was fairly empty. my waiter Greg was attentive and personable. Ordered a bookers bourbon on the rocks. They have a prix fixe menu that they call "express meals" , its your choice of soup the entree of the day and choice of dessert. The brisket sounded delicious so I went for it. And since I was already going kind of Jewish, I decided to get the matzo ball soup with it. The cup of soup had quite a bit of broken up matzo ball in it. It was  well made and light. The broth was good, not as good as mine but whose is?The brisket was tasty and delicious and a very reasonable portion with tiny carrots and potatoes in an good broth.For dessert I had Bread pudding just like every where else I was in New Orleans, again an excellent example like everywhere else i went in New Orleans.Wife and I had reservations for first night in NOLA. Upon entering the restaurant I got a big whiff of seafood. Hostess sat us near the kitchen where we could see all of the action. Waitress was mediocre at best. I tend to shy away from getting recommendations from restaurants for obvious reasons but this time I could not resist. I order the pork plate which was described as having a lot of meat. Let me tell you I was not disappointed. Dessert was delicious. Opting to go with a NOLA classic, bread pudding, with a John Besh twist. Wife and I left fully satisfied with the meal but not the service.Got the flamenküche, herb roasted chicken, and the shrimp & grits. The chicken was great- very flavorful and juicy. Ask for extra veggies instead of potatoes and you'll get lots of interesting squash in great sauce. Shrimp & grits was amazing. I usually don't like grits, but these were coarsely cut, cheesy, and soaking in a delicious sauce. Shrimp were well seasoned and perfectly cooked. The flamenküche was a great start with a razor thin crust and tons of caramelized onions. The bacon chunks were a bit large for my taste but I understand that people in New Orleans love their pork! Service was great- ask for Kevin C.Definitely pass on this place! Big disappointment! My husband got food poisoning, service was slow (25 minutes to get my glass of wine) and our waiter was very inattentive!!My husband and I were in New Orleans for one evening only and are so sorry we went to this restaurant. Our waiter had recommended the chef's special - rabbit with fig sauce which sounded unique - so that's what we ordered.  I took one bite and stopped eating as it tasted spoiled to me. I mentioned this to our waiter, but they did not compensate us in any way on our bill! My husband had already finished his dinner, hence the food poisoning! Also they have a racket going in recommending a one and a half glass wine carafe which costs only $2 less than if you were to order 2 glasses of wine ($8 glass of wine vs. $14 for the 1 1/2 glass carafe). would never go back to this place!Disappointing.  Service mediocre.  Food okay.  Had the signature dish, highly recommended by waiter, of shrimp and grits.  Friend had the omelet.   Okay, but not fine dining by far.  Only time I have not rated a John Besh restaurant highly.Etouffee of Blue Crab & Brown Shrimp for my guests and Canard Roti for me.   YummyDisinterested service. Slow food preparation. Food was good but not great. Looks like besh set this place up and has never come back.An old school feel restaurant with great food.  It is a little loud inside and is quite busy.  Blue crab bisque and shrimp and grits were great!Oh my gosh, this was the best meal I've had in months. One of the few places I wish I could take back with me to NYC, and that's really saying something. Great atmosphere, we had the perfect waiter who was helpful, friendly, and provided us great recommendations of where to go after the meal as well. I had the pork shank and it was delicious and perfectly cooked. Not a bad meal on our entire table of 7 people, and even the dessert (think we got the pound cake or something like it) was amazing. Would definitely recommend if you are looking for a nice dinner but somewhere that's not extremely stuffy and moderately priced for a very nice meal.Pleasantly surprised - as a vegetarian, I expected to leave hungry from a French-German oyster bar, but the menu has 7 or 8 side dishes, all vegetarian, as well as at least 2, maybe 3, salads that are vegetarian (not even requiring special ordering to leave meat off).  In other cities w/more veggie-friendly dining options, that wouldn't be all that special but after 3 recent meals at other upscale NOLA restaurants where there was literally nothing vegetarian on the menu (Upperline, Atchafalaya and Tommy's), Luke gets points with me.  And the non-vegetarian with me also raved about her meal, which appeared to involve both fried oysters and bacon.Also, the ambiance is pleasant - we went for dinner around 8:30 pm on a Wednesday, and the place was 3/4 full, with a lot of solo diners, presumably people (lawyers, judging by their clothes/reading materials) who work/live nearby.  Kind of like Paris, actually.  And apparently, they have a happy hour everyday (including weekends) from 3-6 with half priced drinks and wine (and cheap oysters if you're into that sort of thing).Went for happy hour, 50 cent oysters and hugh ones at that. very helpful staff. Give it a try.They have the best Escargot in town.Best grilled oysters I have ever had.  John Besh's restaurant, which he calls a Diner on their menu, is a very casual comfortable place to dine without any pretense.  We ate upstairs, a lot quieter than the room below and were actually able to hear ourselves talk.  The staff, though a bit slow, were very friendly and we were in no rush.The jumbo shrimp en cocotte were very good but not as hot as my DH would have liked.  The shrimp and grits were to die for.  I wonder if they will give me the recipe for that and also for the marvelous oysters?Apathetic unenthusiastic hostesses, pressed pork sandwich that was not pressed on a partially charred roll with perhaps 3oz of pulled pork at most, unwieldy BLT with more lettuce and bread than anything. I dine out quite often and I do not mind spending money where there is value, but it quite a bill for what arrived on the table. As it was Mother's Day, I deferred complaining rather than upset the brunch.Sorry, but not up to the standards I would expect of a Besh restaurant.I won't be back.My boyfriend and I almost didn't make it to Lüke but it turned out to be the most worthwhile stop on on tour of New Orleans. Our server Carl was terrific (arguably the best server we've ever encountered) and helped us navigate the menu to find the best dishes and beverages to suit our desires. We shared the fried oyster salad- our first and only oysters on the trip- yum! My boyfriend ordered the skate which was delicate and decadent all at once. I ordered the shrimp and grits which was warm and comforting, exactly what I wanted, I spooned out every drop of sauce that I could. We followed with dessert, I got the baked chocolate mousse which made me completely over the moon- very rich chocolate flavor without the heaviness, and he got the white cake- also very light yet full of flavor.Unfortunately we weren't able to make it for breakfast the morning after our dinner but have definitely kept tabs on this place to make sure we come back in the future.I joined YELP so I could write a review of this restaurant.  On day 3 of our trip June 15, I convinced my fiancé to go here because it's a John Besh restaurant, and it was terrible.  We left feeling like we were just robbed.  Not one of the three hostesses greeted us.  The service was slow, took fifteen minutes for our wine decanter to arrive, although our waitress was something close to nice.  The food arrived fast, but it was AWFUL.  I almost cried.  The Friday special, the court bouillon, had a synthetic taste to it.  My fiancé's roasted chicken was bland, but the mashed potatoes and crawfish bisque stood out in a sea of terrible.  The atmosphere is so lackluster - and on a FRIDAY NIGHT.  Never again.While it was very loud in this restaurant, the food was amazing. Order the pork chop - it's to die for!My sister and I had a reservation at 5:30pm.  We arrived at 5:40pm and were seated promptly.  We started with some happy hour (3-6pm) oysters and told the waiter we'll ponder about the drinks.  Then we were just left chilling there.  The waiter came back slightly after 6pm with the oysters.  I asked him if it was still possible to order a drink at the happy hour price, he said no.  I'm not trying to be cheap because I can afford a drink at regular prices.  At most places the staff would come around slightly before happy hour is over to ask if you want to order anything else.  Our waiter just seemed very forgetful.  When he brought us the bread he didn't bring any butter.  I had to look at another table to make sure they were served bread and butter before I told myself "you're not crazy, the bread does come with butter."  I looked around for a few minutes trying to get someone's attention; not success.  Eventually our waiter came with the butter.  We left a 10% tip when I usually tip ~20% or even 25% for great service for dinner.  My friends told me afterward that they wouldn't bother leaving any tips for a waiter like that.  Duly noted. Mr. Waiter at Luke, you just ruined tips for a lot of future waiters.Very good restaurant. We got there at 830 and had no wait. The waiter was very nice and informative. We got the chicken and shrimp and grits.Went on Christmas Eve for the first time and I can say that I will come again.  All the food was amazing!amazing happy hour .50 cent oysters-- super fresh and huge! the fries were a bit cold and but the servers were very accommodating and brought us another order. the champaign cocktail was perfect as well.It is a decent place. The food is great and the service is nice. I was there twice during my stay in town. I ordered their daily specials and was very satisfied.This was very good experience.  We started off with the pate of rabbit and chicken livers which was very good.  It came with several different accompaniments.  I liked the stone ground mustard and pickles.  We also ordered a dozen oysters on the half shell ($.50 each for happy hour!!!) which were very good and plump, with a nice briny flavor.I had the etoufee of blue crab and brown shrimp as a main course.  It lacked much crab, but the shrimp were perfectly cooked, as was the pasta (garganelli).  The sauce was rich and  delightful.  My wife had the nightly special, a spicy lamb meatball and pasta.  The meatballs were rich and delicious, and the pasta was cooked perfectly.  The location in a hotel was odd at first, but the space is nicely appointed and good for any type of diner, from shorts and t-shirts to evening wear (we saw a little of both).The only hiccup was the service, which was pretty slow.  Our server was friendly, but she seemed a bit overwhelmed and had several other tables (I counted five) which seemed a bit excessive.  Perhaps since it was early (5pm) they had an early rush and reinforcements had yet to arrive.  Both of my experiences at a John Besh restaurant have left a lot to be desired in the way of service.  Maybe it's bad luck, but in any event it's frustrating.Despite the service, the food is reason enough to look forward to returning on our next trip to New Orleans.Service was very slow, over 3 hours for dinner. I had the ribeye, cooked med rare, asked for med. steak was this and grizzly with no seasoning. Potatoes were cold,crawfish bisque was a way to salty. The menus didn't have a selection that looked exciting food to me. They seem to put an ingredient on everything to make it different, just not appetizing to meWe found the place only because of Yelp and even walked right past it -- it's not exactly obvious. But well worth the hunt! The entrecôte grillé & frites was fabulous.  The wait staff was very friendly and they didn't blink when we split the steak (14oz!!). They even pre-split the meal for us (always major points for us meal-splitters). We highly recommend Lüke.Excited to try this up and coming star's restaurant. A little concerned about the "hotel restaurant" stigma, but it looked okay and thought we'd try it. Unfortunately terrible service. We sat at the bar waiting for our table and had great baked oysters with lousy beers and lackluster service. When we went to our table we hoped for improvement, but it got much much worse. Our server didn't get to our table at all for about 10 minutes, so we ordered dinner immediately in fear we may never see him again. The table next to us had a yummy looking bananas foster which they couldn't enjoy without utensils, so we gave them ours after waiting an additional 10 minutes for anyone to come back. Our server did not return once over the next 45 minutes. We asked a couple other employees to check on our food and/ or server without any response. Figuring the kitchen was overwhelmed, and new orleans can be slow, we waited. After sitting for nearly an hour, I went to the kitchen to check on it and was told it was under the heat lamp waiting for " a while". The manager brought it out immediately to our table, it looked okay but who knows, we left.I was only in New Orleans for 3 days so I wanted to eat at the best New Orleans places they had to offer. Well Luke's helped make that happen. This was my first breakfast encounter in New Orleans. I was greeted by this super attractive hostess. I wanted her for breakfast, but miss beautiful wasn't on the menu and wouldn't dare ask the waiter what the market price for her was. So I settled for an equally sexy option The Eggs in a Jar. This fun sized mason jar came out filled with creamy grits, two poached eggs smothered & moistened with hollandaise sauce, and 3 soft shell crabs battered & fried perfectly protruding out of the  chubby lil jar. Talk about fun presentation. The creamy grits were the best grits I've have had the pleasure of devouring. The entire combination was perfect. Eating breakfast out a mason jar really gave this modern southern feel that I doubt many other places could have nailed like LUKES did. This place was pricey but only in the monetary sense. All in all one of my fave breakfast encounters ever.My daughter and I wanted brunch so, based on a recommendation from a staff member at a local museum, we chose Luke. The server was friendly - when we saw her but that was rare. We ordered and when our food came, my daughter's cochon de lait sandwich was cold. My southern breakfast came with poached eggs, which were overdone and a biscuit with no butter or jam. The grits, however, we're heavenly.  Since we didn't see our server, we couldn't  get refills on our drinks.  Finally she came back so we could order dessert.   And then the dessert arrived and it was just okay. Served with a stale cookie.   A very disappointing experience.  I'd never go back.Ate here twice in one week. In NOLA, that's an endorsement.  Our waiter, Ritchie, was memorable.  "Christian Mingle"..... What a line!  I will try other Besh restaurants if I have to,,,,but Luke will be hard to beat.Great restaurant.  Crayfish bisque was awesome. Even the chicken was good in this seafood restaurant.  Shrimp & grits - order it.  Waiter was slow to bring our dinner drinks :(I went here for lunch with a friend - we both ordered the crab blt and some raw oysters to start. The oysters - amazing. They were nice and fresh and plump. I could have eaten another dozen. The crab blt - sigh. My friend really enjoyed hers - I did not but that is because I hate soft shell crab which is what came on this sammich. I should have known better - I mean, I was in NOLA where soft shell crab is on every corner! Anyhow, I think that the manager could sense my disappointment and walked over to me and asked if everything was OK. I told him about my soft shell crab issue and he whisked it away and brought me a burger. The burger was delicious! Big juicy beefy burger cooked to perfection served on a cutter board with a lil bucket of fries - yum yum. It was probably one of the best I've had. The service cannot be beat at Luke's either. I know when I come back to NOLA that I'll be stopping at Luke's again...The Choucroute Garnie Maison (smoked pork shank) was delicious. And leave room for the bread pudding!we ate lunch at luke's during jazz fest a few weeks ago.  it came recommended by a friend for quality food.  they may have been understaffed but it was hard to get our waitress' attention.  we definitely did not see her between her taking our order, dropping off our food and then the check.  we even had to wait 10 mins for someone to pick up our check so we can pay for our meal!the decor is very trendy with a gastro pub feel.  it's a lot of open space and very clean looking decorations and furniture.  they have an interesting drink menu and i tried "the riverbend", which had blueberries, vodka, lemon juice, basil and ginger ale.  it was too sweet for my liking and i did not finish it (which says a lot b/c if you know me, i never leave a glass empty!).  my fiance got a bloody mary, which was made with their own home made mix.  it had a bit of a sour/tangy taste and not the spicy/horseradish-y taste that we generally prefer.  on a side note - one of the best things about nola is that every restaurant provides you with plastic cups so you can take your drinks to-go!on to the food... unfortunately, it was not for me.  we ordered the crawfish bisque and seafood gumbo to start, followed by a dozen specialty oysters and peel and eat shrimp.  i also ordered the fried oysters, bacon, roman and avocado salad.  first off, everything came out at the same time.  it did not come out in shifts and we went from nothing to everything all at once.  the gumbo was just okay - we had better gumbo at 4am the night before at a hole in the wall place we stumbled into.  the crawfish bisque was good!  the specialty oysters they had that day were blue points and another kind that was harvested on the east coast, but raised in washington state.  both were pretty tasty.  the peel and eat shrimps were huge and probably the best part of the entire meal.  finally, i did not enjoy my fried oyster salad.  the oysters were too large and the batter had no flavor.  the bacon and avocado were delicious though.on a final note, keep in mind that this is a german restaurant.  it's not the place to get home cook nola specialties.  given that, i still would not return as there are much better restaurants in that area (financial district).Do it. The food was very good however the oysters took 30min to show up. When they arrived they were great. Stay away from the blackened boudin. Not to tasty. The crab ravioli was good and spicy  as well and the shrimp and grits were great. The stuffed shrimp was very good but small. Only three. Bread pudding is good but hard to share. Will return.If you are willing to walk 3-4 blocks on the other side of canal... You will not be disappointed! Best place to eat so far!! Highly recommend!!  My husband and I enjoyed it so much that during a 5 day stay, we ate there twice!  Inexpensive dinner- total bill (for 2 people) minus alcohol $50.Food was fantastic and the place itself is comfortable and cool. Would have been five stars except our service was super slow. Watched as couples next to us ordered, got food, ate and paid all before we got our entree. Oh we'll. I had the duck for my entree and absolutely loved it. Would go again in a heartbeat.This one won't be there long.  Oh my....no.  The evening started with bouncing between waiters and a very slow start to our dinner experience.  (We should have left then).  Finally, the waiter came to take our orders.  He was very friendly, which sorta helped with all the other shortcomings.  We got service only if we could flag someone down.  Our party of four was seated right by the kitchen.  The cook tasting the sauce with his finger really did not impress us.  When our food arrived, it was completely uneventful.  The quality we expect in New Orleans was not there.  Most of our entrees were not exciting.  No one at the table would order the same dish a second time.  ( I think that speaks volumes).  Apparently, there is a push to offer a mix of French and German fare.  You probably would do better ordering the hamburger.  Oh yea, we ordered their fries with one meal.  They never arrived.   We did not find the restaurant particularly clean.  This was confirmed when one patron fell on the slick dining room floor. A restaurant like this might survive in a small town, but it is not up to the standards of New Orleans.Food was great. Service was rude and dismissive. From the dining room manager down to the host, everyone seemed to be bothered by our presence. The only nice person was the brand new busboy who was very nice and accommodating. Not sure if I will be back. There are other better food options in New Orleans with less surly staff.This place was great!  And reasonable.  Our server was Rye (sp?) and he was also great.  He listened to what we wanted and made recommendations from the menu - things we wouldn't have chosen. We did the shrimp and grits: this dish and the sauce was really good!  We also did the fried oysters with fois gras (two dishes). Very good.  When we come to New Orleans, we'll be back here, for sure.My first visit was purely by accident and this last visit last week I found you with laserlike precision after a day of eating lucky dogs and drinking colored drinks.  My friends be dammed I had to have a really good meal before I left your fair city and I knew of only one spot that had a good bar where I could show up and feel comfortable in jeans.  I went here last Thursday and found a nice spot at the bar.  This is a great authentic brasserie and I wish we had a restaurant like this in Pittsburgh, but sadly while our dining scene is improving we are still in the stone age in some respects to other food cities.  The tin ceilings are great, the huge fans, the oyster bar and the wall decorations are all great and seem authentic and reflecting back to a time when spots like this may have existed all over NOLA.  The service was impeccable the bartender and oyster guy were friendly and I made many new friends with the other patrons at the bar.   I love the cold appetizers here and had a wide array as again I knew it would be a while before I could try this type of food again.  I had the wild boar pate' with pickles and mustard, which was delicious and rich. I also tried the flamenkuche, which was so delicious.  It is alsacian onion tartare with bacon, caraway seed and some type of rich cheese.  You can think of it as a pizza type concoction that is both rich, savory and sweet.  I also had the foie gras terreine again, which is delicious and rich and ended with some briny fresh plump oysters which were light and a nice way to end a really savory, fatty, calorie laden experience.  Along the way I had a glass of crisp pinot and a shot of patron' with my oysters.  The prices were reasonable I felt for the quality of everything I had and a nice way to end my most recent visity to this fine city.The place has an impressive menu but I was not impressed by the atmosphere. I felt like I was in a church hall at a pancake dinner. Not much ambiance. The rabbit pasta was OK. I probably just ordered the wrong thing because everyone else loved it.A Sunday brunch...featuring fried oyster salad, an excellent crab bisque, shrimp and grits, and pancakes. All were executed very well. Service was amateurish. The restaurant has a split design, with half of the tables upfront and half across a hallway with glass walls looking in on the kitchen. Two very different experiences.The food was quite disappointing, but the atmosphere and presentation were good.  Staff was attentive. The crab-stuffed shrimp entree had 4 smallish shrimp, with a ball of stuff around each (with no - at least, no apparent  - crab).  The fish entree (meuniere) was incredibly salty.  We ordered house pinot grigo; the wine was not very good; when we got the bill, we learned that the waiter had served us $12 glasses of riesling (note: wine is served in juice glasses).  The side of asparagus contained pieces of asparagus, rather than spears, served in a soup-cup bowl. The veggies served with the entrees were good.  I would never go back.  The J.W. Marriott staff should stop recommending this restaurant.We spent four days in New Orleans last week and this was my favorite restaurant. Our waiter was fantastic. He recommended the gumbo which was perfect. Every bite was outstanding. I also had the shrimp and grits based on his recommendation. The best I have ever had. I'm still thinking about it. Often, shrimp and grits is sort of dry, but this version is soaked in a brown sauce that is fantastic. We shared desserts, and my favorite was the white cake. The description on the menu does not do it justice. It has a caramelized bottom, a moist pound cake consistency and the most amazing citrusy stuff on top. Loved every bite I had at this restaurant!excellent food, excellent service. expensive but worth it.Disappointing meal with slow service, average salad and dry fish.Get the burger. Also the mussels were a hit.Luke's was our first stop here in NOLA.  I was excited to have me some shrimp n grits!  Unfortunately, it didn't wow me like I thought it would.  I am not a pro of any sort on southern comfort food, so I guess it just doesn't suit my tastes.  *shrug.  I found the shrimp and grits to be greasy.  (Is it supposed to be like this?) When the order arrives, it looks like a pretty dinky order for $22 or so, but I wasn't able to finish the whole thing because it was so heavy.  Flavor wise, it was wonderful.  The shrimp was not crunchy at all though- was a bit mushy in the dead way.  Boyfriend got Saturday brunch special - jagerschnitzel over spaetzle and a cup of gumbo.  The gumbo was my favorite part of the meal (warning: I steal food).  However, for a "seafood" gumbo, there wasn't really much seafood.  One baby oyster.  Mostly andouille sausage.  The schnitzel was fried nicely; it was crispy without being too heavy.  The spaetzle was OK...inside was kind of dry instead of chewy.  Service wise, our waiter was great!I didn't love Luke and I was completely planning on it! The drinks were good (albeit pricey), oysters were fresh, service was prompt, crab and corn bisque was fabulous, but my entree was disappointing. Our server confused days on the daily specials and I thought that I had ordered the slow cooked veal and crispy pasta in a creole tomato sauce. I was bummed when I received breaded pork chop over red beans and rice. I took a bite of the red beans and rice and got a mouthful of pork and was confused. Unfortunately I maintain a pork-free diet...so that was kind of a bummer. Our waitress came to the table and apologized and suggested a dish that would be quick for the kitchen to cook - shrimp and grits (minus the andouille). I don't have all that refined of a palate and I found the entree to be overly salted. The textures were enjoyable as was the spice, but the flavors were overpowered by the salt. Bummer.We had a lovely time at the tail of Mardi Gras @ Lüke!  Delicious crab appetizer, gumbo, burger & grits.  It is on the parade route so it offered some good people watching as well.  It was loud but had a nice old- bar atmosphere w/ helpful and efficient staff.Excellent food, well served.Headline: GOOD, NOT GREAT - DECENT VALUEOVERALL IMPRESSIONNice atmosphere, pretty good service, and good food (but not as good as expected), and some significant red flags in food preparation.I had high hopes after discovering that this is John Besh's restaurant and reading the reviews on Yelp.  The food was good, but not quite up-to-par with what I expected after reading the reviews.  Considering that it is in New Orleans on Super Bowl weekend, the overall value was decent.COCKTAILSAfter a long weekend of indulging in local beer, we tried their Old Fashioned.  It was well executed and smooth.  I'm a big bourbon fan, and I appreciate the balance in this cocktail.APPETIZERSI had the Rillette of Local Pork with savory marmalades and grilled country bread.  This was a rather large portion that may be better for sharing.  It's like a pork paté in a short, wide jar.  The pork was flavorful and served as a good base for the accompaniments, however if you don't like paté, you probably won't like this dish.  The savory marmalades were not quite what I thought they would be.  There were four items: 1) grainy mustard (which I loved), 2) a sort of pepper relish that was a a little sweet and savory (a good complement to the pork), 3) a kind of pickled diced peach (a bit too crunchy and sour for my liking), and 4) some brined/lightly pickled half slices of pickling cucumbers (I didn't care for this even though I love pickles).  The grilled bread had a nice crunch without being too crispy or dry.  I think this appetizer would go well with a malty, lightly hopped beer-perhaps the local Abita Amber.My friend had the Seafood Gumbo and enjoyed it quite a bit.  He commented that there were nice chunks of seafood and sausage (presumably andouille).ENTREESI had the Jumbo Louisiana Shrimp "en cocotte" (aka Shrimp & Grits).  Our waiter said that this was the dish that they are known for and I'm a sucker for shrimp & grits, so I had to have it.  Also, other Yelp reviewers had hyped this dish quite a bit.  Although it was very good, I don't think it's the best I've ever had as some other reviewers have stated.  The shrimp were large, plump and well cooked - perhaps ever so slightly overcooked.  This may be due to the shrimp sitting in the hot grits and continuing to cook a bit.  The grits were excellent, but I thought they could be a touch smoother.  These comments may be nitpicks, but they were what made the difference in me really enjoying it vs. swooning over it.  Overall this dish was very satisfying.  The flavors were layered well and the savory, creamy combination worked well.My friend had the Poulet Grand-Mere.  From the pictures on Yelp, this looked like a great, homey, comfort-food dish.  Perfect after a long, cool, rainy day.  It's a half herb roasted local chicken served with bacon, veggies, and whipped potatoes.  Everything looked delicious and the crispy roasted chicken skin looked great.  However the problem was with the chicken.  It seems like they may have pre-roasted the chicken and reheated it for service!  When my friend pulled the drumstick off, he noticed that the meat inside close to the bone was actually cool to the touch.  When he pointed that out to our server, the dish was whisked back to the kitchen and a new dish was prepared.  The young lady who later returned with a fresh serving apologized nicely and expressed that this is not their standard.  However, the second time around was no better than the first! THE CHICKEN WAS COOL INSIDE AGAIN!  I could not believe it and my friend decided to go ahead and eat it anyway since it was getting late, he was hungry, and I was already halfway through my dinner.  After alerting our server of the second mishap, they rightfully took this dish off our bill and did not charge us for dessert.  This was an appropriate response on their part, however it was not sufficient to give me faith that the execution of this dish will be better in the future.  I was shocked that a John Besh restaurant would have such an issue.DESSERTI had the Apple Gallette with ice cream.  The apples were tasty, well-cooked, and well-seasoned.  The ice cream (pecan, I think?) was very good and paired well with the Gallette.  The pastry itself was a bit disappointing.  Parts of it were the flaky pastry it ought to be, but the outer parts were chewy and tough.  Overall it did not taste that fresh and I suspect that some corners were cut with this dish.  I would not order this again or recommend it to anyone else.My friend had the bread pudding and enjoyed it.  It came smothered with sauce and ice cream, so I don't think I would have enjoyed it (I'm a bit of a bread pudding purist).SUMMARYDon't order the chicken!  The cocktails we tried were great and the service was pretty good, but a little more formal than I expected for a bistro.  The portions are generous.  Good, not great, food.  I'd go back, but have to deduct a star for the chicken.i am giving LUKE 5 stars soley based on the LUKE BURGER. i do not need to eat anything else here. perfection! and it's as big as my head. perfect to split.  i recomend a good cabernet to go with it  and you've got a pretty tasty date night!Today's lunch was the reason I started yelping! I went on Thursday because I like veal and a yelper said that would be the special. My lunch cost $20.00, including tax and ice tea. The bread was hot and fresh and they must put something in the butter because it was real good. The crawfish bisque came highly recommended and it was a good idea. A little seafoody, if you know what I mean, but since it was seafood I guess that was right. The veal was unbelievable! It fell apart and was just fatty enough to make it perfect. It came on a bed of home made pasta that was great and with roasted green beans and small carrots. The lunch special (entree and soup) was $15 and I think the dinner special was $21 for entree, soup, and desert. Check their website (link in another yelp review) for daily specials. Such a great meal that I'm planning on bringing my wife to NOLA in the near future for a few days and this meal made me decide to do it soon. Setting was great, atmosphere was superb, service was exceptional, food was five star - without a doubt. I've given a few 5 stars for atmosphere and unique food - but this is a REAL five star restaurant with a three star price. From Canal, it's one block from Bourbon and about two blocks off Canal. Lunch portion was huge - I can't even imagine the dinner portions. I'm coming back every time I come to NOLA!Go here for the raw bar and only if you have the patience of a saint. The food here is mediocre. Over salted and over done. The bread pudding tastes like citrus, the rabbit sausage pasta has too much going on, everything is fatty and salty instead of flavorful. Service is awful. I once had a waiter spill soup all over me and they didnt even offer to reimburse me for my dry cleaning. John Besh needs to get his act together. Less time trying to be a celebrity and more time making sure his restaurants up to par.Food was FANTASTIC. Lunch service was a bit slow.Food was good, atmosphere nice.  Easy walk from our hotel.  $$ means entree is over $20!This place is amazing.  I go quite often for the 25 cent oyster happy hour and the oysters are always ice cold and amazing!  Plus beer and wine is half priced, can't beat that!  Eat there for lunch every now and again and the last time I went I got the oyster salad.  Wow, soooo good! Oh, and they make a mean burger.  Can be on the pricey side, but nothing like some of Besh's other restaurants.  Even so, totally worth it!Fantastic food - a great place for a date and for friends!  Best seafood I've had in awhile.I've been treated to a few fabulous meals here and can't wait to go back. The raw oysters and crab ravioli are unbelievable - in fact I've ordered them both on two different visits. The side of asparagus is huge, so tender and even comes with the ends shaved...perfect. This is where I learned that you shouldn't by the tiny spears of asparagus - you need to buy the fat stalks because they have better flavor, and just shave the ends to keep them tender. Yes, I bought an asparagus trimmer because of this. I've also sampled the cochon po' boy and cochon du lait...their infamous dish and rightly so. Yes it's salty. It's pork! Sometimes you need to live a little. While it's fun to sit up front at the raw bar, I prefer sitting in the very back room and watching the chefs in the glass-windowed kitchen. Delicious martinis and a few standouts on the wine list. Wonderful, relaxed but classy vibe with reasonable prices.I love this place! Went there today for dinner. I've heard of the famous chef John Besh and have been to Restaurant August, which is a high end restaurant also by John Besh. Luke is so much better! In terms of food and the whole experience, I was really impressed. To describe the food, I had their Tuesday special, which was soup, Cochon  De Lait with veggies and bread pudding for dessert. For apps, my date and I split a Flamenkuche, which is an onion tarte, with locally made bacon and caraway Emmethaner cheese. The Flamenkuche was so good. If you go to Luke's, you have to try it. I give it 10 out of 10.  My soup was corn and crab bisque, which was just ok, nothing special. My main course was good, the pork was tender and the veggies were very yummy. The bread pudding, after reading all the reviews, I had to try, but it was not as great as I hoped it would be. I will be back, just for the Flamenkuche. :)My husband and I made reservations for 6pm but happened to get there early so they let us have a table.  Good thing too because we decided to try the 50 cent happy hour raw oysters.  I'm not a raw oyster eater but when we tried them they were so good we ordered another dozen! I would definitely go back again for their happy hour raw oysters. Had the beet salad which was good. The boudin appetizer was good but you can get good boudin many places for half the price so i wouldn't order that again.  My husband got the rabbit sausage which he said was good.  I got the smoked pork shank which was too much food for me to eat.  Next time I'd like to try their veal.Appetizers were very good but my entree was mediocre and everything was a bit over-priced. Will not go back unless for happy hour and appetizers only.5 stars for service.  The servers were friendly, attentive and knowledgeable regarding the menu.  4 stars for the food.  We started with a dozen oysters, which were some of the best we had!  The gumbo was fantastic! My husband and I shared the beet salad.  He enjoyed it but I found it a little too sweet.  I wanted to try a boudin, which is a sausage mixed with rice.  I don't know if it's typical of a boudin, but it was very soft and mushy - almost pasty. The pickled cabbage was also too sweet.  My husband tasted it and agreed.  My husband had the schnitzel and spaetzle and thought it was very tasty.  Overall though, it was a great experience.  The food was generally very good and the prices were reasonable.  I love the casual atmosphere and great service!Out of lager and serving Jagerschnitzel that was way too salty and covered in salad dressing. This is German food? Nein Danke. Portions are appropriate for a German stomach.The food and service is very good. I am in a wheelchair and they do everything possible to accommodate me.The service was excellent but the food so-so. My mussels were big, juicy, fresh. But the sauce was bland, a sort of creamy thing with no real notes of garlic, butter, pepper or wine. Bleh. But I ate because I like mussels. The pork shank was huge and filling but not terribly smokey. The crème brûlée was awful. The sugar was fired well ahead of time and the crème itself was very blah--a tasteless custard that was not set correctly. The place is loud on weekends so not for a cozy dinner. On the up side, the service was great and the oysters superb. I'd give it another go just to see.Once again, I wish we could give half stars, because I'd prefer to give this place 3.5 stars.  The infamous shrimp and grits were tasty, but I failed to see what was so "life-changing" about them, especially when I compared the grits here to the grits at Restaurant August (both John Besh places).  However, the oysters here were possibly better (fresher and cleaner tasting) than the ones we had at Acme Oyster House the night before.  The hamburger was also really good, too (it's won awards because they grind up steak meat for the patty), and my mom really enjoyed her first ever mint julep =)  We really liked our server, who was dynamic and fun, and we kept him updated on the score of the Saints-Falcons game.  Dinner was a success, and it was a relaxing and casual night.  To top it all off, the Saints won that night, so the walk back to our hotel was entertaining as we passed several Saints fans celebrating in true NOLA style =)i had my annual christmas dinner with friends a few days ago, and one of them suggested luke for this year's repast.  we met early to take advantage of the happy hour (1/2 off well drinks from 3-6 pm).  while i'm not one to order a ~special~ libation from a menu, i was disappointed in their selections.  the beverages were very spring/summer-y (think: heavy citrus and other light concoctions like frappes.)  the bartender was nice and prepared some very delicious winter standards for us.i ordered from the express menu which is comprised of soup, entree, and dessert for 23 usd.  since i'm gluten free, my soup was limited to the chicken soup minus matzo balls.  the broth was very flavorful and would be a fine selection if you wanted to start with something light.  the tuesday entree special was cochon du lait with sauteed greens (chef 86'ed the cornbread dressing due to my dietary restriction).  i'm a huge fan of anything that comes from a pig.  the cochon was perfectly cooked - roasted skin and all. the greens were a little salty but had a nice smokiness.  the restaurant would have received 5 stars had it not been for the dessert snafu. i was waiting and waiting (...and waiting) for my dessert so when the bill came, i asked for my dessert because i thought they had forgotten it.  turns out, the choice was bread pudding which is obviously a no-no but instead of asking what i could eat, they were going to send me out without dessert.  at a finer dining establishment, such as luke, i was very surprised...i mean, some communication would have been nice instead of just handing me my bill.  i told the server that i could, in fact, eat ice cream if there was any in the back.  he apologized and said that he would send some out.  i selected the caramel apple but could have chosen from chocolate, coffee, or some other flavor.  the ice cream came out with a cookie placed on it so we had to send the ice cream back with instructions to not put any cookies or other flour-laden goodies as garnish. a different server brought back a newly prepared cookie-less dessert and gave me a little attitude (he said something along the lines of "does this suit you now?" it's not that i'm trying to be a problem.  if i could eat gluten, i would. my diet would be a lot more varied, and my grocery bill wouldn't be so steep.)  regardless, the ice cream was fantastic! it was well-balanced, creamy and not too sweet.  a very delicious ending to a filling meal.all-in-all, though, i would return to luke because they have a fabulous menu.  i like the dining space and the location.nota bene: gets busy around 7 pm so either come around 5.30 or 9 pm to avoid having to wait for a table.I had a terrible experience here on thanksgiving day. I was anticipating a fine dining experience but it was the worst. The service was poor and the food horrible. The people next to me sent their food back also. I ordered a lame version of turducken which was completely dry. The stuffing on the side was watery and soggy. The greens were so salty I had to spit it out. The waiters came to our table only twice in the evening. When they saw my untouched plate, the waiter just looked at it and took it away with out asking how everything was. They gave us some hard bread about 30 minutes after we got there. Poor poor poor.wonderful food. first time to nola will eat here again if we return to nola. great customer service.i knew that this would be a good place to come after a tiring flight from LA.they're open later than most of the other restaurants in NOLA, which was the initial appeal.this spot is casual but nice, which was friendly to my super casual attire. friendly service and busy late on a Friday night, but not obnoxiously busy.they do specials for every day of the week, and i highly recommend going with the specials.for Friday, it was redfish court bouillon, which came with a choice of soup and also dessert. my first gumbo in the city and it remained the best that i eventually tried throughout my weekend visit. the crawfish bisque was also really good.the oysters on the half-shell were probably the best that i had in town as well, despite recent issues and questions about the NOLA seafood. tried both the kumamano and the local "P & J" oysters, and the local ones were much better.the entree was amazing, and i managed to eat most of it even though i was already stuffing myself with the delicious appetizers and bread. the fish was cooked PERFECTLY.at the end of the meal, we had their bread pudding which was covered in bananas foster sauce, and it was so good. props.50 cent raw oysters during happy hour. Can't beat that!!Went here on my New Orleans weekend trip.  I have to say that if I had eaten at this restaurant in any other city it would probably get five stars, but I ate so well while I was there that I have to compare it to the local competition, including on of John Besh's other restaurants Domenica.  Came here on a Saturday night and went with the nightly specially which is a really good deal.  For $23 you get soup, entree and a dessert.  I started with their seafood gumbo, although I was really tempted to order the matzo ball soup cause come on what's matzo ball soup doing on the menu here?  The gumbo was the best I had on my trip.  The entree on Saturday night was the rabbit stew.  I'd never eaten rabbit before but I figured I'd give it a try.  It was pretty good, not great and I wouldn't order it again.  The chef went a little too heavy on the salt, and the beans in it were way too smokey tasting for my liking.  The rabbit itself was good.  For dessert, it came with the bread pudding which was served with bourbon ice cream.  It was really good but after a meal that big it was a little too rich and I couldn't eat that much.  I wish I could've gotten a rain check for dessert and come back the next day.  Overall it was pretty good and I'm glad I tried it but with all the other good restaurants nearby I probably wouldn't go back.i like the atmosphere.pâté and luke burger, 'nuff said.The food is simply fresh and delicious! The mussels, Lüke salad, and bread pudding were amazing!I usually don't give a negative review without trying a location twice which I did at Luke. First night I went at 9 on a Monday and they were apparently cleaning up for the night and had little regard for the patrons. As a rather surly and obscene blond walked into the restaurant cursing I was disappointed to find out that was one of the bartenders. I sat at the bar and ordered "THE" burger and their house amber. OOOPS they were out of their own stock brew.  As I mentioned the place was near empty and yet it took a full 20 plus minute for my burger and fries to arrive.  And when it did I still had to ask for silverware and salt and pepper.  Actually I reached over the bar and got it myself because if I was going to wait for the bartender it would have been a long wait. Fries while supposed to be spectacular fell flat as they were as cold and old as a gutter cigarette butt.  The burger was served on a cutting board and I agree with another reviewer, this is gross. The burger that is so highly touted comes on an untoasted slightly chilled old roll. Sad. The meat was cooked medium on half of the burger and rare to raw on the other. While the meat was gently prepared and tender it was not particularly flavorful. The bartender said smugly "How's that burger?" I replied "I've had better" She looked at me like I had three heads instead of asking how she could improve my experience. After she splashed me with bar water a few times during her sloppy nightly cleanup ritual I paid and left. I found myself 3 blocks away with friends the next night and they were looking for a final meal. I felt I owed it t John Besh to give Luke a second try. MISTAKE. We sat in the back and I have to say our server was excellent in every way. I am sorry I don't recall her name. Sadly the food missed the mark again. I ordered the pressed couchon sandwich which was warmish in the outside with cold guts. My mates had the rib-eye which was not appropriately charred which led to a big pile of mushy fat left on his plate. A Luke burger and the couchon special rounded out the foursome. Yawn.  The fries were improved the second night. You just cant fake fresh fries, why try. Too many other places to go to waste any time or money here.I ate here awhile ago but I believe this restaurant hasn't really changed much. Which is a good thing. This isn't Besh's best place but it does what it does well. I would call it fusion bistro food, with an emphasis, of course on French/NOLA cooking. Everything I had was very good, and the wine list is excellent. I actually sent back my original wine as it was just too thin (of a pinot noir) and was very satisfied with the replacement. There were a lot of Burgandies to choose from! Suggestion: Ask to sit in the front room, it's much more desirable than the back. I would definitely eat here again!good stuff!Went for Brunch after a day of Jazzfest and a night on the town with old friends. They brought a full french press of coffee just what I needed to start the meal. The server was not as attentive as I would have liked and I had to ask for water several times. But the hostess/manager was very friendly and chatted with us for a bit. The pace of the meal was perfect long enough to digest and enjoy between courses.  The setting is beautiful it feels very retro with the old fans, tin roofs, and dark wood. The boudin noir was delicious. Followed by crawfish bisque with stuffed crawfish which taste perfectly seafoody with a hint of spices very subtle layered flavors. The Gumbo was also very good. I had beef short rib were tender but the presentation was a bit weak. The other meals were more of visual masterpieces. The crabmeat omelet was delicious and the home made fries were perfect. The grits were very creamy.and the pan fried trout was fabulous. This a really great place to come to try out John Besh food on without the hefty price tag.service nor food not up to New Orleans standards. our waiter was nice but everyone else was surley. you can get just as good breakfast for lessHands down one of my favorite restaurants. I have eaten here several times and it's always consistently great, no matter what I order. My go-to dishes are that amazing Luke burger with caramelized onions, Allen Benton bacon, and Emmenthaler cheese; the salad Luke; the flamenkuche; and the croque monsieur. And the French 75, of course!Loved the .50 happy hour oysters.Went on girls night out here this past Tuesday and there isn't much to say about this place but just mediocre.  Its a fairly narrow restaurant with a pub like feeling.  There were four of us and they seated us at a fairly small table with hardly any wiggle room.  The servers wear white lab coats which remind me of medical students instead of wait staff.  It would be nicer if they used real linen napkins instead of raggedy kitchen rags.  Besides that the food was ah.. I've had better.  We started off with the assiette De charcuterie which is an assortment of the pate.  It was very good and out of all of the 4 pates my favorite was the rabbit and the condiments were also delicious.  For entrees we had the moules-frites (mussels with french fries basically) which was a large serving for dinner, entrecÔte grillÉe et frites (grilled rib eye steak with fries), jÄgerschnitZel (panned veal ) and the ÉtouffÉe of blue crab & brown shrimp.  The food was nothing spectacular but truthfully I think Besh's restaurants are overrated since I've never had a memorable dinner at any of them. So will I be back, probably not.Great place. Daily specials are excellent. Don't let the price fool you the portions are huge. Great drink list and cocktails as well. One absolute must get is the BLT. YUM or as they say in Hawaii. Ono.I think I caught these guys on a bad night, maybe they were breaking in a new cook.  I sat at the bar which was comfortable, a bit small but still OK.  Took a bit to get served, but got past that. The guy next to me was eating a burger that looked great, just a bit rare.  I ordered the burger, and I usually order med-rare, but based what I saw, I went Medium.  Right after I ordered, the guy next to me called the bartender because upon further review his burger was in fact raw.  I still went with it.  After a long wait, I had to ask to check on my order (actually it was the couple next to me who asked, but we ordered at the same time).  The couple next to me said they were surprised about the delay and it was uncommon.So I gave this a three because I think I just caught them on a bad night.  My burger turned out rare, but I ate it,  I also had the gumbo (came at the same time as the burger), which was good.The bartenders were nice and bought me a sympathy beer.I really enjoyed dining at this restaurant! We went here twice on our visit to New Orleans. We were staying right across the street at the Intercontinental Hotel. Our server the second night, Daisy I think, was very helpful. Half the menu didn't make sense to us but he was more than willing to help! The food was unbelievable! I recommend their salmon topped with crab meat. To finish off the meal, I would either get the chocolate mouse or bread pudding. They have a fine selection of cocktails and wine...lets just say you leave there satisfied with everything! It is a bit pricey but it is definitely worth your money!4.8 stars.We had 2 meals (dinner and breakfast) at Luke's.  On the Open Table reservation I had commented that dinner would be my first meal at NOLA in almost 20 yrs, my daughter's 1st meal at NOLA and I wanted it memorable.  They did not let me down!!!  Gave us a table next to the kitchen window where you can watch the chefs preparing the meals.  To celebrate the return, the restaurant gave us an Alsatian onion tart with this incredible bacon.  I will never call the thin, papery pork slices  "bacon" anymore. Husband had the Louisiana oysters for an appetizer--large, juicy heavenly bivalve heaven.  His shrimp and grits were very good but could not hold a candle to the oysters.  My daughter insists that the burger is the best one she has ever eaten (better than Father's Office, Eugene City Brewery) with perfection fries.  Had the dinner special with chicken soup and matzo ball--somewhat bland; cochon au lait--tender and full of flavor, maybe a little too much salt.  Was too full to eat dessert because...I also ordered the cheese grits!!!  So this is what grits are suppose to be like--not the weird bland clumpy cream-of-wheat stuff they serve in Los Angeles--this is what is going to bring me back.And it did.  Came back for breakfast 2 days later.  A waiter (not the one that served us dinner) remembered what I had written and asked my daughter how much she enjoyed her 1st meal.  How cool and personal is that!!  Got the grits YUM!!  Daughter got pancakes with fruit infused cane syrup YUM!!  Husband got muesli with yogurt YUM!!Mr. Besh--please open a restaurant where I live.  We have great local produce for you!!!!!I dropped in for breakfast and ordered the shrimp and grits. Tasty but the Anson Mill Grits were clearly the star. I enjoyed the meal but I have to point out it is the same size and twice the price of the Herbsaint shrimp & grits. This a bit pricey but the atmosphere was nice. Service however left a lot to be desired. I finished my meal and had to stare at my dirty plate for 20 minutes. Even when they brought the check no one took the plate. Even Fridays clears away your plate when you finished.If I wanted to stare at a dirty plate that long I could sit at my house. There were only 3 other occupied tables and I think someone could have managed to clear me out. I think if you want me to pay that price and be happy the service needs to match the food.Excellent oysters!  Sit at the bar and view the shucking.  Great beers on tap.This pertains to breakfast only:  The one time I've had breakfast here, it wasn't anything special.  I would have been happier with Waffle House.  I'm not saying it was bad.  Given some level of expectation, it should have been somewhat better than an average breakfast offering.Had the Southern Breakfast.  The creamy grits were outstanding, the eggs were poached perfectly, the sausage (sage, cane sugar or maple syrup--don't remember) was outstanding; just a touch of sweetness.  Pots of French Press coffee delivered to your table...a bit weak for my taste, by excellent blend.  Would love to go there for lunch and/or dinner next trip.More than a 2 hour wait for our meal. Mediocre and overpriced, but good service.Gotta say this last time as a bust.. We come to NOLA once a year and have eaten here each visit. This time though nothing worked. The food was cold, the wait staff was not attentive and the overall experience poor.The roasted beet salad is superb; the crab and corn bisque was great. Everyone in our party loved their dishes.My husband and I were thoroughly satisfied with the food and service at Luke.  It was our first time in New Orleans and this was one of the few restaurants that we loved.  We loved it so much we came back the next day with our travel companions.  For lunch, my husband had the croque monsieur, basically ham and cheese sandwich with a fried egg on top, which was "amazing" and rich.  It was so good, that he "knew I should stop but I couldn't".  He's had many croque monsieurs in his lifetime but "this was the best!"  I had the veal cheeks with mushroom and pasta.  The meat was so tender but not fatty, and flavorful.  This place is a must if you're tired of the mediocre food of touristy restaurants off Bourbon street.Brunch at Luke left me with mixed feelings. We were greeted by a hostess who looked at us as though we had just killed her cat, and our waiter seemed like he had a thousand things he'd rather be doing than waiting tables. They weren't particularly busy, but our waiter seemed occupied with doing anything but his job. I don't always like my job either, but after the third time I'd asked for a water refill and was absolutely parched, I had to wonder what he was up to when he kept vanishing. Despite the terrible service, my food was delicious. The Bloody Marys had just enough kick. I ordered the fried oyster, bacon and avocado salad to start, and the oysters were perfection (although the dressing was a bit heavy). My entree was the Croque Madame, and the crispy edges were heavenly. The middle got a bit soggy with all the cheese and a little much mustard, but overall I was happy. One of my dining companions had the Crawfish Bisque, which was one of the worst things I've ever eaten. Imagine a cup of heavy cream mixed with pepper. No crawfish flavor, terrible seasoning and entirely too heavy. Nothing like what my grandmother used to make. The same dining companion had a particularly unfortunate meal, as she ordered the crab omelet. All I can say here is that cucumber, crab and eggs do not belong on the same fork. The third diner in our party had some better luck with the seafood gumbo (good, not amazing), a nice crab salad and some sort of onion bacon tart thing that was divine in small portions, but a bit heavy overall. Fries were served cold. Not lukewarm, cold. I thought it might be an off day and was ready to forgive the bad service until a bartender popped open a bottle of champagne and the cork grazed my head (I was sitting about 20 feet from the bartender in question), and no one seemed to care. Our waiter resurfaced at the end of the meal to ask how things were, we told him we were finished, and no less than 20 minutes later he returned to again ask how we were doing. Check please? He wandered off not to be seen again for 10 minutes, and we entertained ourselves watching the hostess wander from her post then sprint back across the restaurant every time the phone rang. Professional. Really. Add some bizarre, disjointed decor and the overall atmosphere almost ruined my food. I've eaten at a few other Besh restaurants and have never been disappointed until now. I want to believe that this was a bad day, but as the best service we received all day was from the valet at the Hilton next door, I don't see myself returning.We decided to have lunch here spur of the moment.  I am so glad we did.  The service is friendly and congenial, but not overbearing.  I ordered the BLT made with soft shell crab.  OMG, I wish I could have eaten more.  My memory stops there because all I can think about is that sandwich.  I do know my boyfriend loved his sandwich as well, but I thnk he liked mine better.  Either way, you can't go wrong. The crab was fried in a corn meal batter and was light, airy and meaty all at once.  The bread is also amazing.  A must go when in NOLA.Good, casual, homemade bistro fare at a very reasonable price.  Everything was made from scratch - the bacon, the mustard, etc.  The atmosphere was nice.  Just a really solid place.  If I lived in New Orleans, I'd be a regular!I came here with a bachelor party group on a Saturday evening.  We sat in the back, and first ordered our drinks and some oysters.  Not a very impressive beer selection...and pretty hefty on the pricing.  The oysters came out and were excellent.  This was my first time doing raw oysters and I was impressed...but then again, it's pretty hard to screw up raw oysters....guess I'll give more credit to the Gulf of Mexico on that one.  Next, for my meal, I ordered the duck confit and white bean cassoulet with bacon and sausage.  The meal came out and I first went for the duck wing.  It was simply roasted with some seasonings.  Very tender and very good tasting.  Of course, it seems pretty hard to screw this up too.  I'll give more credit to the duck.  Next came the garlic sausage.  This was not good.  It was a giant six inch long sausage, about 1.5 inches in diameter....just a giant chunk of meat that didn't have much taste.  It was overall pretty bland.  I don't know where the garlic they were talking about is in it.  Next was the smoked bacon.  It was more of a bacon cube.  Just a fatty piece of pork belly....which was almost all fat.  Not impressive.  Last came the white bean cassoulet.  This was also very unimpressive.  I'm not sure what seasonings they added to this or if they added any at all.  It was just white beans with cheesy/mooshy tasteless stuff in between topped with breadcrumbs.  Very, very unimpressive.  Overall, I was very unimpressed with this place, especially considering the reviews and prices.  You're better off getting a few Krystal burgers on Bourbon...yes, I am serious.I give this restaurant 3 out of 5 stars. The service was great. Had some locals that worked there tell us what was good on the menu. I got the shrimp and grits which was delicious but it wasn't enough. The fresh baked bread was good too! We also got gumbo for an appetizer and I bit into something very hard which made me stop eating because I didn't want to lose a tooth. The bread pudding was not good but I was able to return it for the cake with blueberry sauce which was very good. My boyfriend got the stuffed shrimp and peach cobbler. The shrimp  was good but the peach cobbler was not the best I ever had. Overall this was a nice place with great service unwound go again to try something else on the menu.Excellent service and delicious food!had lucky lunch at luke's, at the bar. ended being a great experience, shuck-el man was fun to watch and to talk to, good gumbo, plum oysters, but the best.....rabbit liver pate and the rest was also goodVery tasty dinner and great drinks and service. Recommend the grits, fish, and bread pudding!I was here this past weekend for a bachelorette party.  As the maid of honor, I was in charge of organizing the weekend.  I found this restaurant from reading reviews on Yelp and Open Table.  All the reviews looked great and the prices looked good as well.  Well it turned out to be a smash hit with all the girls.  We ordered from the charcuterie menu for our appetizer.  Everyone loved it.  For entrees, 3 of the girls ordered the seafood etoufee, which was outstanding.  I chose the mussels and frites, which were delicious, but the serving size was huge.  I could have definetly shared with one of the other girls who ordered the same dish.  One of the girls ordered the skate wing, which ended up coming just a few minutes later after everyone elses.  So the manager came over and offered to pay for her entree!  All the girls were very impressed with the service, the food and the great time at Luke.Great expectations but didn't live up to it. I asked the waiter "How do the soft-shell crabs look today?" "Excellent!" was his reply. Well, that was the skinniest softshell crab I have ever seen, and it was undercooked to boot. The dish, softshell crab with poached eggs over grits topped with a hollandaise sauce sounded too decadent. And it was. The softshell should have made this dish over the top. Instead, the itsy bitsy, skinny, undercooked crab ruined it. How disappointing that I was led astray by the waiter. In all fairness, the kitchen was slammed, although they were aware of the crowd size as all had reservations. Others at my table got the crabmeat and asparagus omlet and was very pleased. Shrimp and grits tasty but small portion. Overall interesting place but will be a long time before I return, if ever.Only had oysters at the bar, but they were top notch. Bar staff very cool. Any other city and I would have tried dinner there.I went to breakfast at Luke by the suggestion of the hotel I was staying at.  WOW!  The very best coffee I have ever had...no really!  They have some kind of bacon that is from another world altogether...twice smoked and yummy!  The servers were so friendly and helpful.  One of them made great suggestions for local sites and sounds to catch while I was in town.  I think this place is a perfect example of how New Orleans dining scene is world class.  I can't wait to go back to New Orleans and eat dinner here.Went there for the happy hour and ate 2 dozen oysters. One of the highlights of my trip.Ate there last nite.  Called at 3:30 trying to get a table for 2 at 7, but had to take a 6:30 (next available was 9).  Pleasant, casual, bustling brasserie.  Raw oysters packed with ice sitting on the bar give you a feel for the place right away.  I had the gumbo which had a smooth broth with a nice kick to it, though I wasn't expecting the shells in it.  (What can I say?  I'm not a native!)  The redfish was nice, but may have been nicer with the crabmeat extra.  Wine list had a nice French flair.  Service was attentive (perhaps too attentive?)  $40 for scotch, soup, entree, and 1/2 carafe w/ tip.The shrimp and grits with andouille and poached eggs is the best breakfast I've had in ages. Pair that with the vintage brasserie decor and you've got a big winner. I will definitely go back.Great service...the water was never empty. The food was amazing too. Great bread pudding to finish things off helped.great food!  lots of interesting, delicious choices.  the house beer i great too and kitchen is open lateNice corn bisque and crusty baguette, really good red beans and rice, although the pork cutlette that came with it didn't thrill me.  The bread pudding was outstanding!  I'd definitely go again.The service was very good. The food was yummy, but a bit salty. I enjoyed this restaurant and would go again but was no my favorite in New Orleans where there are so many good restaurants!Dined at Luke on a busy Saturday evening and was so very impressed with the service (ask for Anthony) and cuisine.  My ribeye was cooked perfectly, the fois gras stunningly delicious, and the overall ambiance way cool.  Loved it!Damn good, Fresh seafood! Very reasonably priced too!!Lukes was probably the most acceptable place we ate at during our trip to New Orleans this past March, and that's not saying much.  The prices were bordering on absurd but the entertainment offered by our "hosts" sort of made up for it.  We ordered raw oysters, fried oysters and chilled shrimp.  The shrimp was served to us un-peeled, which was very reminiscent of a Las Vegas buffet. I've never dined at an upscale restaurant where you had to peel your own shrimp.  The staff wasn't very knowledgable about the oysters, admitting that they don't eat "those thangs" lol.  But they DO eat turtle soup and alligator, they said. Nevertheless, the oysters were relatively fresh, as were the shrimp.  The raw ones were on ice for quite a while and tasted like tap water, and the fried oysters were seasoned (unlike the ones we got at Deanies, which were horrible) but some were much more seasoned than others. We could literally see the salt on a few of them.  Anyway, Sean and Jamal kept us laughing and smiling (Miami Dolphins!), which we appreciated, but we both found Lukes to be highly overrated. Perhaps we've been spoiled by the seafood readily available here in California at reasonable prices. For instance, at Fisherman's Wharf you can get a whole dungeness or local crab plucked right from the ocean and steamed up for you for a mere $8 bucks. And having said that, I'm now wondering if I'd fallen for a tourist trap by going to Lukes. Hmm...Food was super greasy. I can appreciate rich food, as a New Orleanian, but found Luke to be deplorable. Excess grease aside, the food suffered from a lack of cohesion within the plates. I began with the crawfish bisque, which came out as a cracked roux with large grease slicks throughout. Curiously there was a stuffed crawfish shell in the soup, but no seafood fork or finger bowl was provided as means to make possible the consumption of that morsel. As my main course I ate the jumbo Gulf shrimp and grits, and while I found the grits very enjoyable, the only flavors on the plate were spice, spice and more spice, which totally obliterated any chance that the Gulf shrimp's subtle flavors might shine. Fortunately for me, the dessert that followed was certainly a high point in my week. I ordered the Banana Cream Profiteroles, and was truly impressed by the rich flavor of the banana cream, contrasted with the concentrated flavor of the Foster's sauce, it was all very lovely. The service was mediocre, but the waitress was dingy but attentive. The concept is absolutely silly: they use dish towels for napkins, paper table cloths, random kitchen tools as plate stand-ins, and unappetizing methods and procedures for consumption of certain morsels of shelled stuffing.  Do not go there under any circumstances.True to rave reviews here, lunch at Luke was a standout of my visit to the Big Easy. My friend and I split the burger (rated one of the 10 best in the country) and the pulled pork sandwich. Both came with shoestring potatoes and everything was out-of-this-world delicious! The service was friendly and genuine. Our waiter was helpful and spot on with his suggestions. The surprise of the meal was the fantastic cup of coffee. Beans are ground as each portion is made with a french press, and the taste is amazing - rich without being bitter and a super smooth finish. I asked the waiter about it and learned that they serve something called Santa Lucia Estate coffee from a Nicaraguan company that is partly owned by the family of one of Luke's owners. Couldn't wait to get on-line and order some of the Vienna Roast for use at home and gift giving this holiday season. Would absolutely positively recommend a visit to Luke the next time you are in the area!!We returned to Luke in February 2011.  On Saturday afternoon, we stopped in to sit at the bar for drinks and a snack.  I quickly became addicted to the St. Charles Streetcar cocktail - pear-flavored vodka, champagne, and St. Germain.  It's light and refreshing on a hot day while still packing a nice punch.  My husband couldn't wait to have the fries again.  However, the best part had to be when I asked the man behind the counter if John Besh himself ever came to the restaurant.  He replied that he did, but not that often.  Not fifteen minutes later, in walked the chef!  Our friend behind the bar was kind enough to wave him over for introductions, hand shakes, and small talk.  Needless to say, we felt compelled to return for Sunday brunch the following day.  Oh. my. goodness.  The special - fried pork chops and waffles with honey pecan butter - was hands down the most delicious thing ever.  I adore fried pork chops, and these were the best I'd ever eaten.  The waffles had drastically improved since our last visit.  Luke is officially a "must go" on our New Orleans list.I was so excited to try a John Besh restaurant, but overall we were disappointed. My Happy Hour half price drink still cost $9, plus a 50 cent charge for freaking ice! In fairness, when we mentioned this, they removed the charge for the ice, but still... Really? A single shot of Evan Williams bourbon for $9?And that was half price?!?  I had Granmere's chicken, which was supposed to be served on garlic mashed potatoes. I swear, the potatoes were incredibly watery and tasted and looked like they were instant potatoes. And the veggie that came with the dish was green beans and yellow squash. Just like Applebee's. Ew. The chicken was flavorful, but a bit dry.  My husband did enjoy his oysters, but he said his sausage was just OK and what they called sauerkraut was just soggy cabbage. I ordered the gumbo as an appetizer, but they brought me the corn crab soup instead. It was very good. I ate a few spoonfulls before the light bulb went on and I asked for the gumbo. It, too, was very good. So my advice. Go for the soup and oysters, and leave.I went to Luke solo for lunch on Monday.  I was in town for a conference that had all day sessions and really no time built in for lunch.  But I really wanted to try this place so I headed there at noon.  I had no trouble being seated even though I had no reservation (I doubt this would work as well for dinner).  The place was busy but not crowded.  My server was fantastic.  When I asked for a Pilsner he suggested their home brew which was excellent.  I had the sausage platter (Plat Lyonnaise).  So much food!  The sausages were great and the potato lyonnaise even better.  And I was done in time to make it back for the 1:15 PM sessions.  The restaurant is in the business district and I noticed the lunch crowd seemed mostly business, not tourist.  And it did clear out by 1 so they must be used to serving a business crowd there on their lunch hour.  I would definitely go back, hopefully for dinner next time.the food was good but the service was really really badThis was our favorite NOLA restaurant out of 6, including Commander's Palace.  Partly the fabulous food, and obviously it is just our kind of place.  First time I have given 5 stars.  We dined there early (6) on Easter Sunday.  Had a reservation, were seated with a view of the kitchen (a good thing) but in close proximity to a screeching toddler.  We were immediately (and nicely) accommodated when we asked to be moved.  There WERE families in there, which is fine, but that noise level is inexcusable.  Luke has a menu that combines German, Alsation, and local fare in a brasserie setting.  Great wine and beer list to accompany said menu.  We had very good service.  The place was busy, but not insane, and had thinned out by the time we left.  Wines are available by bottle, by the glass, or in 1/2 or 1/4 carafes, a nice touch.  Excellent assorted breads come to the table first.  We started with glasses of Gruner Veltliner and 1 dozen delicious fresh oysters. (these are not the happy hour price, they were $14 doz)  I am used to Puget Sound oysters and these were far superior.  I opted for regional fare, and had the famous shrimp and grits. Spouse had the Etouffe of Blue Crab & Brown Shrimp with fennel, garlic, saffron fumet garganelli pasta.  Both of us practically licked our plates.  With this we consumed a Dryer Sonoma Chardonnay (unoaked in the Chablis style).  We shouldn't have, but we had dessert:  Basque cake for him and bread pudding for me.  It was all simply wonderful - we would go back in a heartbeat and highly recommend Luke.  Our total bill was $154